It's an interesting left turn for Reel 13 Indies. TWO HARBORS is a 75-minute black-and-white movie from Minnesota featuring non-actors and talking about two people who connect through a quest for extraterrestrial life. I applaud the audacity of the 13 Reel programmers to think in an original way when selecting this film. I just wish they chose a stronger movie to be bold. In fact, I wonder if the choice had more to do with the uniqueness of the film than with the actual quality of the film itself (it's not that TWO HARBORS is completely without merit, but I'll come back to it a little later. ). <br /> <br /> As is often the case with independent films, TWO HARBORS is limited in terms of location. There are only two real places ?? a large market of junk dealers and a very tiny trailer, which houses the main character of middle age, Vic, played by Alex Cole. Screenwriter / director James Vculek uses the market framework to present his presentation on Vic, one of his merchants. He brings a lot of people to Vic and starts very long conversations that only give us two pieces of information ?? Vic sells space toys (he prefers to call them "space action figures") and he is a caustic jerk. It's emblematic of one of TWO HARBORS 'two key problems - all the gossip. I already said it and I repeat it ?? we are dealing with a visual medium and filmmakers have to work harder to tell their stories visually. There are exceptions, of course, but in general, endless images are not as appealing for movies ?? especially if the dialogue is used as exposed. Virtually all the conversations in the film are long and unnecessarily wordy. A notable example would be some scenes in which Vic tries to pretend to be a scout leader in order to get a discount at a store. He argues with the clerk and these scenes do not even advance the plot of an iota. That's the kind of thing that makes even a 75-minute movie feel long. <br /> <br /> The other problem of TWO HARBORS is the acting game. I may be a bit of a quagmire for cinematic performance, but I really do not feel like a good excuse for not having good actors in your movies. There are many good actors, many of whom are willing to work on low budget projects ?? even in Minnesota. Many filmmakers insist on the importance of being able to act as a secondary, but it is naïve. In the production of narrative films, beside the story, nothing is more important than the acting. If you do not believe that people are playing your story, your audience is lost. <br /> <br /> Originally, I thought Vculek was using non-actors, but over the course of the movie, I decided they were probably from the community. actors of the theater type. It's not that they were uncomfortable in front of the camera. That's because they were too theatrical (that is, big). Certainly, the best actors were the two main actors ?? Cole and Catherine E. Johnson as Cassie, a lonely girl who gets caught up in Vic's extraterrestrial hunt. They seemed to have the most workouts, but they were still a bit difficult at the edges. The eccentricities they displayed seemed to be only superficial and did not come from a real and organic place inside. Ms. Johnson, in particular, is an interesting case. She definitely has a presence ?? a Midwestern charm about it, but this charisma contradicts the multitude of problems that his character is supposed to have. She struggles to portray the idiosyncrasies that arise from an alleged life of loneliness and work (slave?), Relying on classical gestures such as rolling eyes, biting lips and stammering suggesting discomfort for the outside world. <br /> <br /> I mentioned in the first paragraph that TWO HARBORS is not completely unfounded and here's what I mean. Without revealing too much, there is a fade to white one hour after the beginning of the film. After that, the story takes a breathtaking turn, which allows the last fifteen minutes to be evocative and downright powerful ?? it's like a punch in the belly, but in a good way. It's almost a huge relief to feel something after so long with these characters. The last five minutes of the movie have no dialogue and the result is the best part of the film. subtle, detailed (Cole does his best work of the film) and most importantly, cinematographic. Then, with the closing credits, the most amazing revelation of all ?? that it's based on a true story, which made me think. With all the dialogues, the minimal places and the lack of cinematographic qualities, I told myself that with two fantastic actors and a tighter rewrite, TWO HARBORS could make a very beautiful play ?? maybe even an act in one act. If there are audacious theater producers who read this, I highly recommend you to see if you can get the film and contact the filmmaker, Reel 13 or whatever. <br /> <br /> (For more information on this movie or any other Reel 13 movie, visit their website at www.reel13.org)
