Genghis Cohn is a (very) rather entertaining British film about a late-1950s German police superintendent, haunted by the ghost of a Jewish comic whom he killed 15 years ago while under orders of Hitler in the SS. The ghost comes back and wants his killer to live like a Jew to atone for the murders he committed. <br /> <br /> Otto, the German policeman actually knows the name of this ghost, because the last thing he did before dying is said in Yiddish: "Kiss me ass". The policeman did not speak Yiddish, so he asked around him until he found the meaning. The "kiss my ass" left such an impression that everyone involved in this murder learned and remembered the name of the comedian, Gengis Cohn. <br /> <br /> A group of men is murdered under the jurisdiction of the police commissioner. , and there is no useful clue. The men are murdered with a set of knives missing from the local butcher. The butcher announces that his knives have disappeared while the Commissioner is in the store to get a sandwich liver and onion. The commissioner is therefore a suspect. The first man is killed while making love with the butcher's wife. The butcher is a suspect. But the butcher says he would be very busy if he killed all the men who slept with his wife. All men are killed immediately after the climax of love. <br /> <br /> I think I could be a little more angry than Genghis Cohn's ghost if I were killed like him. He seems to be very nice about this, as if he had just had a slight car accident. I can only guess it's because it's a British film and they're known to be a very polite people. He uses some of his material in his stand-up routing, and I did not find him very funny. <br /> <br /> I gave a 4 to this movie because it was just a bit awkward. I thought it should have been a little more serious than it was. The film turns out to be a mystery of murder (where did it come from?), And it seemed that Genghis should have been more useful than him. The film gave me a glimpse of Jewish culture, but was only superficial. Do all Jews like liver and onion sandwiches? Do they all say "shtoop" and "meshuganah" in their everyday vocabulary? Is there not something more important that we should know about culture? <br /> <br /> I saw this film at a Jewish community center in Berkeley, California, and I was the only person in the room who did not have hair styled. entirely gray or white. (I do not have gray or white hair.) We were 18 and after the movie, they stayed about 20 minutes to discuss the film. Two main concerns were expressed: 1. The film was too light and future generations might not understand the seriousness of what happened. 2. As Holocaust survivors are dying, future generations will not know what really happened. I thought this second concern was ridiculous and I told them that I thought they did not need to worry, because there are tons of literature and there will always be people who like to watch movies, like me. The assassination of 6,000,000 people by a very bad man will never be forgotten. I write this last paragraph because they asked me to tell my experience to other people that day.
