Billy Chung Siu Hung's 1993 film Love To Kill (Hong Kong, 1993) is one of the strongest products of the category III boom that populated Hong Kong cinema in the early 1990s. It was about films with strong sexual connotations, nudity and violence, more or less free and shocking. Love To Kill definitely belongs to the category "plus" with ideas and pieces of celluloid disease unforgettable. <br /> <br /> Anthony Wong, HK psychopath (from Herman Yau's award-winning film The Untold Story, from the same year) plays a businessman and a husband who loves to torture, humiliate and rape his young wife (Elizabeth Lee Mei Fung) who, for some reason, does not leave him and runs away herself and their little son from the disturbed executioner. A policeman (Danny Lee, the famous crime actor of films like Billy Tang's Dr. Lamb (1992) (co-directed by Lee) and John Woo's The Killer (1989), to name but a few, however, sees the problem and begins to protect the woman and the son but Anthony naturally does not like it at all, and leads the whole thing into the typical ultra-nasty and graphic ending in a rainstorm. <br /> < The film is almost completely without serious merit, because it is simply a piece of exploitation to take advantage of the popularity of this type of films.The images and events are never found in the cinema Western, at least in mainstream movies, and it gets even more amazing when some / most taboos for Westerners, such as violence and perversions that a child witnesses, are broken in these movies. of the plot would make sick the most gran number of viewers, which is particularly suitable for this film. <br /> <br /> The film still has a pretty interesting and terrifying soundtrack in the tradition of Dr Lamb that almost triggered the whole boom in 1992. Usually the music and soundtrack of HK movies are interesting and enrich the images, especially in these terrorist films. Cinematography also deserves mention, as the film bathes, especially in the finale, in the blue colors and camera lenses (just like Assassin), and the unleashed storm is perfectly captured on the camera . Otherwise, nothing is worth the film higher than the indicator of wickedness. <br /> <br /> The actors and actresses are talented and professional and do not aggravate the film with their acting. However, the film has the usual humor of HK, which makes the sick even sicker, because a "humor" is thrown in the soup. This includes jokes about Danny Lee's erection and so on. Something that could never be found in Western "serious" movies either. And this thing usually destroys remarkable films that deserve to be noticed, because humor is such an obvious way of trying to entertain the public and the masses. <br /> <br /> The film has a very scandalous high level because it includes many scenes of abuse of Wong's wife in different ways. She is raped, molested, hit and kicked by her husband. We also observe flashbacks of Wong's own childhood, which are just as violent as his own father, also killed and transforming his young son into what he is now. These backtracking scenes, most of the time at the end of the film, also include totally unexpected experiences when the images are accelerated (eg, chopping) and this creates a completely crazy and witty atmosphere. . One more thing that only the people in charge in Hong Kong seem to be able to propose. The end itself contains a lot of sudden and shocking gore as the madman handles his ax and also encounters some nails, for example, on his furious path. <br /> <br /> The film is also really "suspicious" in my opinion as violence and terror are realistic and painful and deal with things that should NEVER be considered entertainment, I'm talking mostly about rape. The version I saw (I've seen two versions) includes a very long and completely nauseating rape scene that simply tries to be as sadistic as possible. I'm not sure the HK audience really likes images like this, but I do not think any man with a sense of morality in movies / entertainment would ever accept or do anything similar. Women are brutalized and murdered in the most sadistic and lowest manner, so that the fate of men seems almost tame compared to women. <br /> <br /> The other version I saw, the DVD recently released in HK (without subtitles) has this scene of "table brutality" in a much longer form than the Taiwanese DVD under -title which is otherwise identical to the HK version. I also heard that the old laser laser HK is different from these two and that the final credits are filled with scenes and images that are not found in the current film, it is impossible to say how "uncut" versions that have been published or shown theatrically are. Obviously, many sequences have been cut, perhaps even before the theatrical release. <br /> <br /> The film is written by Law Gam Fai and Lau Wing Kin, the first having also written films like Dr. Lamb, The Untold Story and Gunmen (Kirk Wong, 1988), but among the other films I've seen, Love to Kill is the most free. Dr. Lamb and The Untold Story are very brutal and violent, but they have also tried to criticize the authorities and men in general about the ease with which it is possible to turn into a beast by hunting or fighting. The heartbreaking torture images of The Untold Story, the victim being the criminal, are very strong and certainly have the effect of changing something that could be rotten in society and by the police, for example. But there is none of this in Love to Kill, it's an honest, calculated and fast exploitation that is produced by veteran director Kirk "Organized Crime & Triad Bureau (1993), Crime Story (1993) "Wong! <br /> <br /> Love to Kill does not bring me more than 2/10, because I do not like movies like this. (HK) Cinema is supposed to be and can be more and movies like Love to Kill are just commercial pests living among real pieces of art.
