"The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film" is not a film as such, but a short series of clips on the slapstick theme. Richard Lester was recognized by this "film" and allowed him to make the first Beatles movie: "A Hard Day's Night". <br /> <br /> Richard Lester directed and wrote the music for his first film in 1959. This film was entitled The Running, Jumping, and Standing Still Film, intended for viewing only by those who had helped it to produce it. As the film was to be watched by Lester and his partners alone, a small amount of money This film is for the sole purpose of entertainment, but the main reason for its existence is the fact that it served as an experience in the work of the camera. The film cost £ 70, and it was shot in sepia-toned film stock in a field on some Sundays. All the shots that were filmed were included in the final production; the finished production lasts 11 minutes. <br /> <br /> Running, Jumping and Standing Still Movie is a comedy about English Sundays and the little hobbies that people make to pass the e. All the events in this film take place in a field. Some of these comic events include a woman rubbing a lawn, a man running with a needle to read a record, a photographer developing a film in a pond, an artist helped to paint using figures on the face of a model, man building a tent, an athlete running on the tent and a duel between a man with a knife and a man with a rifle. Not only does the movie make fun of the hobbies that people do to pass the time, but it also makes fun of English culture in relation to American culture. Among the other events in this film, a group of men and a kite were built from the flag of the United Kingdom. One of the men jumps inside the kite while the other men try to fly it, and the kite breaks. According to Neil Sinyard, author of The Films of Richard Lester, this event symbolizes the United Kingdom as a less powerful country in terms of power and technology than the United States in the space age. According to this scene, the British fly primitive kites while the Americans, world power after the Second World War, pilot rockets and space shuttle very sophisticated.
