There's nothing cool, trendy or clever about this movie - just enjoying it reveals an ignorance of true art cinema. How can you forget so easily that the central fact of all this film is that these people are mean and ugly. . . SERIES KILLERS! If they have to dismember entire strangers to "become a family again," we do not want them to "become a family." How much of that did you have trouble grasping? Why applaud this filth? <br /> <br /> This grime is what you do if you can not do art! The head and the life must be deeply empty to confuse this superficial wickedness with "interesting". This is a camera without a brain. What really makes a work cool is depth, questioning the status quo from a perspective enlightened by a knowledge of history (or, in this case, a knowledge of EVERYTHING would be better!). Instead, it only randomly pilots the ugliest images available in a collapsing world, thanks to a sort of glorified perversity like "cool because it's so far OUT, man!"). These same violent events actually happen every day. They are not "just in the movie". They refer to soulless people who would like to do the same thing to you. Do you want these things to be done for you? A child could have imagined that, it did not require any imagination, it was NOT surrealism. This lazy shit has no content, does not say anything - it's just the worst of the evening, and it says nothing new, nothing we already know. It's "the emperor's new clothes," said the director, hoping there would be enough uneducated children, proud of their inhuman industry, for this filthy filth. I can now see the crazy fans of director Miike: smoky drunkards chained, tattooed, with metal hanging from holes drilled in the face, their base of knowledge inversely proportional to their estimate of intelligence of themselves. <br /> There is NO PLAN for this - it's just a pure exploitation of shocking violence. There is no "hidden meaning" in this poorly done movie. It is good to explore a movie to see if you can find ingeniously artistic cinematic devices, BUT you can not discover a hidden meaning if there is not one! To do that, you have to see and see a real movie movie. There is MUCH there, directed by Fellini, Bergman, Fassbinder, Herzog, Altman, Bunuel, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkovsky, Peter Greenaway, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Linklater, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Gus van Sant, Gus van Sant, Soderbergh, Soderbergh, Shyamalan Ordet. Why do not you look at a real art movie of these giants? This budding director, Miike, will NEVER make a film equal to one of the genies I just listed, because he simply does not have the talent! Everyone could slap together chaotic crap like "Visitor Q." Teens could throw this together in one afternoon! There is no message, no meaning, no plot, nothing at all. There are many lists of ART movies to learn - but THIS "Visitor Q" is NOT an art film in every respect. This has no content. It's just a commonplace horror that stacks up again, and what's important to remember from these heinous crimes is that these things happen HAPPEN, every day, somewhere in the world. They do not agree because they are "just in the movie". They refer to soulless people who would like to do the same thing to you. Do you want these things to be done for you? To others? Why? Because this world is already pretty ugly, thanks to people who like to think of such horrible events. <br /> <br /> There are so many art films that can deconstruct your mind, but you're wasting your talents with this piece of shit. There is no deeper meaning. There is nothing to analyze. why keep trying I've spent almost 40 years watching virtually every film I've ever made and watching every new movie, but I've never seen anything as disgusting as that. It's not imaginative or even shocking, as this type of event occurs daily around the world. Making this film, or even re-reading it favorably, has brought over 50 young lineheads who know no better than to think it's "cool". They can grow up thinking that, convincing others, some of whom end up doing these things, condemned murderers often reveal how they started like that, being insensitive to the horror of this terrible inhumanity. Trust me, - I know cool, and cool that shit IS NOT. Visitor Q has the feeling of a real SNUFF movie, and I am still not sure that this is not the case. <br /> <br /> Your actions have consequences, son. The world is already pretty awful. Such violence could happen to you, or to the socially irresponsible director who created this film FAKE Art. Believe me, you will not think it's "cool" when someone saws your skull in half!
