(BIG SPOILERS) I saw another Takashi Miike film, and it was a very disturbing and brutal audition, a review of the Japanese ideals of femininity! In 'Visitor Q' - which, I think, means 'Visitor', he examines, in a very disturbing way, the family unit. Miike's surrealistic vision of a dysfunctional family almost tries to be Lynchian in terms of confusion and movie making, but ultimately lacks style and intrigue. We, the audience, were introduced to a strange set of scenarios of the opening scene with the father figure (Kenichi Endo- who was actually pretty good) paying for sex with his misplaced daughter (Fujiko). Then, when the father returns home, he is hit on the head by "the visitor" (Kazushi Watanabe) brandishing a rather imposing rock. For some reason, they are both at home. The mother (Shungiku Uchida) is beaten and intimidated by her son (Jun Muto), who is also beaten and intimidated by his schoolmates. When the visitor enters the house, he settles threateningly into the unit. Finally, the family begins to improve relationships, with the help of the visitor, through breaststroke, murder and the maintenance of family pride. <br /> <br /> And there are other crazy scenes that bring the family together. He has an uncomfortable humor, but is just as frustrating and ridiculous, and weak in his strangeness. There's a necrophile scene that's totally disgusting, but it ends up being ridiculously funny as the scene moves on. Partly because of the situation itself and partly because you can not believe that filmmakers and actors actually do it! The style of the film is mediocre to say the least, and the plot is stupid and incredibly weak. The characters themselves are ubiquitous and, as I understand it, this is not realistic, but these characters and conflict situations do not arouse much interest, because they all graze the absurd! The work of the camera is sloppy and does not have that cinematic feel that Lynch's work entails. It is difficult to take this film seriously on a surrealist level or an interpretation of the examination of the family unit in Japan. It seems that Miike was shocked, and the film seems aware that he "tries" to be shocking and that it becomes almost comical to be taken seriously. All in all, I would say that this movie is a strangely dark comedy, but it looks and feels like an amateur and seems to want to shock unnecessarily. Miike's previous film, Audition, was a perfect balance between disgusting horror, character development and technique, which created more intrigue in the way the film was designed to allow the viewer to get caught up in the plot. "Visitor Q" is a step backwards because he tries too hard to be oddly bizarre and intentionally confronted, without really having much to say in the process! <br /> <br /> ** on *****!
