Here are the matches. . . (adv = advantage) <br /> <br /> The warriors (Ultimate Warrior, Texas Tornado and Legion of Doom) v The perfect team (Mr. Perfect, Ax, Smash and Destruction of the demolition): Axis is the first to leave in a few seconds when Warrior splashes him for the pin (4-3 adv Warriors). I knew that Ax was not a healthy man, but if he was unhealthy, why not have him on the map? This would be his last PPV. Finally, Legion of Doom and Demolition work cheaply through a double disqualification (2-1 adv Warriors). Perfect applies the Perfect Plex on Texas Tornado for the pin. He then tries the same thing on Warrior, but he does not sell it and leaves. Warrior returns with a splash to pin Perfect and become the only survivor. 5/10 <br /> <br /> The Dream Team (Dusty Rhodes, Koko B Ware and The Hart Foundation v The Million Dollar Team (Ted Dibiase, mystery partner and Rhythm and Blues): The mystery partner is The Undertaker and, his debut make an impact by immediately eliminating Koko with The Tombstone (Monsoon always manages to assert that his size, weight, and end of run are correct, while pretending not to know who he is), placing 4-3 on the Dibiase team, Niedhart power-slams Honky for the hairpin (3-3) and his career with the WWF is over, shortly after, it is Niedhart who is a victim of Dibiase with the help of Virgil ( 3-2, the Dibiase team) and Rhodes after a double ax of the Undertaker Handle the top rope but do not let Brother Love's covert attack, Undertaker goes after Dusty and is counted even though he does not not a legal man (2-1 lawyer Dibiase team). Almost immediately after, Greg is taken in a cradle by Hart trying to put the lock on his legs on all fours and finds himself pinned. He returns to Hart v Dibia himself and after a few minutes of good fight, Bret has the cross of the body of Dibiase to the pin. Dibiase is the only survivor. At least Hart is used wisely. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The Vipers (Jake "The Serpent" Roberts, "Superfly" Jimmy Snuka and The Rockers) / The Visionaries (Rick "Model" Martel, Warlord and Power and Glory): Having passed of time in the ring, Marty Jannetty is shocked by the power of Warlord as he comes out of the top rope for the attack (4-3 people Visionaries). Snuka gets stuck in a few seconds by Martel who turns his body upside down (4-2 adv Visionaries). Michaels is caught in the Power Plex and pinned by Roma (4-1 adv Visionaries). It is now Roberts against four men who resembled his Survivor series effort two years ago. Despite hitting Warlord with DDT, Roberts is counted after Martel's pursuit. The visionaries are the first team in the history of the Survivor series to survive completely. To be honest, do not look too hard here to understand psychology. 3/10 <br /> <br /> Hulkamaniacs (Hulk Hogan, 'Hacksaw', Jim Duggan, Bigbossman and Tugboat) v Natural Disasters (Earthquake, Dino Bravo, Barbarian and Haku): A Bossman Slam Eliminates Haku at early fight (4-3 adv Hulkamaniacs). Duggan gets his 2 by 4 after knocking earthquake for being disqualified (3-3). Bravo commits suicide soon after in his career by allowing Hogan to rock him for the flag (3-2 Hulkamaniacs). Earthquake manages to defeat Bossman with two drops of elbow for the pin soon after (2-2). Hogan gets beaten up and FINALLY Tugboat gets a tag (who knew he was there at that time?), He fights for about 30 seconds before being counted with Earthquake. Only Hogan and Barbarian are gone. The barbarian makes a good attack but is inevitably caught in the big boot and the leg falling for the hairpin. Hogan is the only survivor. 4/10 <br /> <br /> The Alliance (Nikolai Volkoff, Tito Santana and Bushwhackers) v Mercenaries (Sgt Slaughter, Boris Zhukov and Orient Express): All Mercanaries wore a camouflaged face painting. Santana's quick flashes marrying Zhukov in his last VPP in a few seconds (4-3 adv Alliance). There was not even a Bolshevik confrontation. The Bushwhackers hit Sato with The Battering Ram while Tanaka was the legal man (4-2 BC Alliance) and it would be his last appearance on WWF PPV while the Orient Express was reconditioned. Tanaka follows Sato when Santana stuns him with the flying forearm (4-1 adv Alliance). Despite the slaughter of Slaughter against four men, he eliminates Volkoff (whose career is over after that), Butch and Luke in this order with relative relative ease. Finally, Santana beats Slaughter by disqualification when General Adnan strikes him with the Iraqi flag. Finally, some interesting bookings even if the match was awful. Santana wins as the only survivor and becomes his last hour. 3/10 <br /> <br /> The egg hatches and it's Hector Guerrerro in a silly outfit. He dances with Gene Okerlund and is booed by the crowd while Piper and Monsoon claim to enjoy it. <br /> <br /> Survival match: Ultimate Warrior, Hulk Hogan and Tito Santana - Warlord, Power and Glory, Rick 'Model' Martel and 'Million Dollar Man, Ted Dibiase: just another catalog of eliminations than Santana Warlord pins in seconds with flying forearms avenging at least his previous defeat against Summerslam (team 4-3 of lawyer Dibiase). Dibiase eventually knocks Santana for the flag (4-2 defender, the Dibiase team). Hogan leaves the Power Plex and grabs Roma after a clothesline, ending the thrust of Power and Glory (3-2, the Dibiase team). Hogan eliminates Martel by counting and Dibiase with the falling leg for the pin (team 2-1 Hogan adv.). Hogan finally allows Warrior to play the game and quickly get rid of former enemy Hercules after a dive. A very predictable end to the point of nauseous. Overall, too many matches and too little time obviously had a detrimental effect as the wrestlers were waiting almost on a treadmill to be immobilized. Most of the heels have been decimated by Warrior and Hogan, which is a bad way to handle a lot of wrestlers.
