I must say that it was a little embarrassing for the "King of Cowboys"; made in 1948, the photo came a decade after the first Roy Rogers images in which he played a leading role. Roy's character seems to be a little helpless in this one, with his co-star Jane Frazee, who alternates his allegiance between Roy and Robert Livingston, describing the mean boss Bill Regan. The whole story seems a bit confusing, with missed opportunities for what could have been a pretty entertaining hour. Like the legend of "Hangman's Hotel", for example, which says that the hanged man comes alive at midnight. With Andy Devine in the casting of Cookie Bullfincher, you could think that the story would take some of the road traveled. Instead, you have complicated procedures that would have been better served if it were a Bowery Boys movie. It was a sad attempt at a haunted hotel gadget that leaned on poor old Genevieve, to whom the truth had to be told, ended up having more time in front of the screen than Trigger, who signed the contract as "the most intelligent horse in the movies" rolled up by a mule. And then you have Foy Willing and his Riders of the Purple Sage replacing Bob Nolan and the Sons of the Pioneers for your musical interlude. I do not know about you, but it was already halfway through the picture and I was still looking for Pat Brady - oh well! <br /> <br /> Still, there was still something interesting to find here if you were looking hard enough, and it became Roy's sporty teardown of Trigger while he was still chasing the villains. OK, it was probably a double, but I had never seen it before on two hundred westerns. <br /> <br /> Jane Frazee does the honors as the main woman in this photo, as she would do in four other films opposed to Roy in the 1947/1948 period. In "Under California Stars", she appears as Andy Devine's cousin, appropriately named Caroline Bullfincher. However, you're never quite sure which way she's going to get into this story, since she's starting to pretend to be someone she's not and she ends up becoming a good guy almost by accident. <br /> <br /> Fans of Laurel and Hardy's old movies might be as surprised as me to see James Finlayson here as the Sheriff of Sintown. I would have liked a little more comedic relief in his role, but he played it pretty straight after all. When it was all over, I wondered why he and old Vanderpool (Charle Coleman) had been in the pit of the mine with Cookie when there was no reason for that to happen. Just a way to close the subject, I guess, with as much thought as in the rest of the photo. I do not like being that hard, but if you've seen enough Roy Rogers movies, it's not one of his best efforts. <br /> <br /> Say, Sintown - I wonder if this is the same place that grew up to become Sin City?
