Amy Poehler and Rachel Dratch are among the most fun women to have participated in "Saturday Night Live". It is unfortunate that they, along with Tina Fey and Maya Rudolph, participated in the SNL during the longest period of writing and creating funny sketches (around 2002-2006) that the show never had. Yet, these two women mostly know what's funny, and know how to write a funny movie. <br /> <br /> You will notice in the credits of this film that Dratch and the director Ryan Shiraki wrote the story for "Spring Breakdown", but who wrote the scenario itself, composed of dialogues and all the important material to complete that makes it possible to transform a story into a multidimensional film? Yes, just Shiraki. Only one guy wrote the dialogue for this film and no woman apparently wrote the script with him. The result is a nice cliche film for the spring break that does not encroach on false holidays as much as on the exploit as much as MTV does every year. <br /> <br /> If Dratch, Poehler and even Parker Posey's star could have contributed to the screenplay by his writing, it would have been a lot less cliché. The principle is original: it is about three women of about thirty years who were unpopular in high school (and apparently also in college) and who had never had the pleasure of the release trip of which they would have dreamed. I say "supposedly" because you never really know what pleasure is for these characters. In the past, they have participated in talent competitions where they have sung women's favorite anthems, such as "True Colors", and spent their nights together organizing self-made parties. Even if none of them is particularly unattractive, the outside world seems to treat them as they are. There is a scene where a blind pupil from Poehler (portrayed by Poehler's husband, his real life, Will Arnett) asks him to go out with her to touch his face and change his mind immediately. If Poehler's character is supposed to be unattractive, they obviously hired the wrong actress. <br /> <br /> The film remains promising, even if we have doubts about the main characters, when the boss of Posey, the senator of Texas, Kay Bee 'Hartmann (Jane Lynch, always funny as always) engages Posey to watch over her unpopular college-aged daughter (Amber Tamblyn, still playing a seductive woman in real life, but not in the eyes of the characters in this movie) goes to a similar vacation resort in Laguna Beach for Spring Break. Poehler and Dratch arrive, they wash reluctantly, party as they should have done when they were in college, then comes the ultimate confrontation with the sluts led by Sophie Monk. <br /> <br /> Sophie Monk is an incredibly attractive woman who has a body that men and women would kill for different reasons. Unfortunately, his film career is in its infancy with the "Date Movie" (2006) and the disappointing "Click" (2006). Here, she plays a Southern belle, even though her voice seems to have stolen Delta Burke's voice mail. She's a bit too scared, trying too hard to play a conquering bitch that looks just like a caricature of spoiled college kids as the rest of the extras. <br /> <br /> "Spring Breakdown" was released directly on DVD despite Amy Poehler's star power, but rightly because the story is too clichéd. It could also have been called "Spring Breakdown of the National Lampoon" and the magazine would probably not have sued for the brand because of free advertising. If director Shiraki had given at least one woman creative ideas, especially Rachel Dratch, this film would have been great and would have been far from being as commonplace as the fraternal comedies we have seen before. I know that Dratch will come up with another fun concept and hope to complete the rest of the story herself. She is quite funny and deserves better than this half-cooked comedy that would accept Stiffler's brother with open arms.
