Six for the price of one! This is a good time for the Cinegoers. Is not it? Here are not one, not two, but all SIX-love stories, a set of bollywood stars, as well as all the stories of the genre of your favorite directors, Johar, Bhansali, Chopra et al. You will have the chance to see each type of love story that you have loved or rather tolerated for years. So, no problem for you. Do you need more than that? No sir, thank you. Why sir? Enough is enough. Please spare us. They have signed all the stars they have managed to sign, whether they are obligated or not, so they end up doing a circus of stars, whether or not it is. Too many people All that is described here is exactly what is prescribed in the Bollywood romance manual. In addition, you must justify the length given to each story, because each has stars. Therefore, it is too long, three hours and more. The gags are filmed. The characters are filmed. Problems, obstacles, situations, resolution ?? yes you guessed it, still ?? filmy tried and tested. Even hundreds of dancers dancing in colorful costumes in the background. Why do not they have other work to do? All couples are sweet-sweet, fairy-tale type, perfect picture. All are beautiful. Every story that begins in a perfect way and must therefore also end in this impossible and perfect way? Too random. You can not connect to a single story. Here you have everything you have seen a million times. Bloody, unreal fakes, abnormal escape stories considered normal for more than a hundred years since the evolution of this Indian cinema. What mockery of the sensibilities of the public today? Yes, it could have been a parody if it only paid tribute to the love stories of yesteryear, but alas, even this thing is not explored. At least, director Nikhil Advani should have tried an unconventional and offbeat love affair, but what will become of the tradition of standing up to the bollwood boilermaking brigade? Oh! Someone has to continue, no. Imagine, on the one hand, the public is struggling to sit in front of such a love story and we have six times more trouble living. I mean six damn stories. I want to say double the pleasure of Mohabbatein (year 2000) of Chopra. In this age and that time, get something real, guys. We are now desperate to see people not so colorful and stories not so bright Oh, what did you say earlier - go on, it's entertainment. My advice, please, do not waste your time reading such reviews. Come on, have a little more of this kind of entertainment! Thank you.
