Another cast of stars, another glamorous decor, another famous director, another film filled with songs that exceed all expectations, but alas, what is missing at the end of the day is a story that every spectator expects of a film also big budget. So much hype is what was hiding in the movie before the first of the red carpet. Anil Kapoor plans to make the film one of the most beautiful love stories ever written after Dilwale Dulhaniya The Jayenge. Anilji, what movie are you talking about? The plot of the film concerns about 6 different couples and 12 different people, who have a totally different attitude to life, but despite their different approach to life, they all have a common problem, it's love. Indeed indeed a lure theme. But we did not expect the film to be so boring that it drops the audience's latest expectations of such a multi-source film. These are a bit of movies that I hate totally, because after spending a lot of money for a multiplex ticket, I am locked in the theater for 4 hours, in the agony of the climax. <br /> <br /> The trouble starts right away. . The director is so confused with the plot that somewhere he is even puzzled as to how to share the time slot between six different stars. Some couples like Anil Kapoor-Juhi and Sohail Khan - (The woman who is opposed to her) simply have no sense for their existence in the film. Salman (who calls himself oddly rahul for the whole movie, something like Rahoooooool) is trying to be even cooler again with his Hindi accent a little Videsi. Hi Sallu Bhai, now that Aish is getting married, go at least get some advice from Abhishek to improve your acting skills. A simple striptease would not make the film a box office success every time. And Anilji, stop shaving your beard or look like a eunuch. And smuggling a girl the same age as your girls is as cold as watching Jack Nicholson in a romantic movie. And please, Nikhilji, avoid putting in a film such superfluous scenes that are absolutely not necessary for the shooting. <br /> <br /> The other biggest flaw of the film is the lack of perfect synchronization between the stories of different couples. . Each story itself seems to come from different films, gathered together to form a sadistic plot of Salaam-E-Ishq. Bollywood still has a lot to learn from films like Snatch, Memento, where the director knows the art of putting the different unrelated sequences together to form a complete storyline. <br /> <br /> Somewhere during the evaluation of the pre-release film reviews, someone predicted that the film would not do well because the title of this film totals 28, and 28 is considered a bad figure in numerology. But I totally take my position saying that the film will fail not by its defects of numerology, but because of myriad defects that have persisted in the film. And when a director like Nikhil Advani can make such big blunders in the whole scenario of the film, no miracle would have prevented the film from being bombarded at the box office. <br /> <br /> My suggestion to all of you is this: Avoid watching this movie at all costs. It's not worth a pie to pay for the ticket. There are actually better films on the theater screens that are worth watching more than Salaam-E-Ishq.
