Who are these "they" - the actors? the filmmakers? Certainly not the public, it is one of the most aerial productions that are. This is the kind of movie that seems to be very fun to shoot ?? Too much fun, nobody has done any work, and it's almost always a movie that is not fun to watch. <br /> <br /> Ritter puts on glasses to mark the status of his character as a kind of doppleganger Bogdanovich glasses; The scenes with Mrs. Stratten are sweet, but give an embarrassing impression for the guys who look like the queen of the ball. Ben Gazzara sports his usual cat-cat-cat smile in a futile attempt to increase the lean conspiracy, which forces him to pursue Audrey Hepburn with all the interest of a narcoleptic in an insomnia clinic. Meanwhile, the respective children of the budding couple (alert to nepotism: Bogdanovich's daughters) vomit in a cute manner and collect rather disturbing clues about "love" while observing their parents. (Mrs. Hepburn, inspired by her dignity, manages to rise above the procedure, but she has the monumental challenge of playing herself, apparently.) Everyone looks great, but what? It's a movie and we can expect as much. If that's what you're looking for, you'd better get a copy of Vogue. <br /> <br /> Oh - and it's worth mentioning that Colleen Camp It bothers deeply, even outside her singing, which, although competent, is absolutely not convincing ... The country and western unfortunately are not well matched to the standards of the soundtrack. This is certainly not what Gershwin (the author of the song whose title film was derived) had in mind; his musicals of the twenties were perhaps light, but at least they were long in charm. "They all laughed" trying to give in on his good intentions, but Peter Bogdanovich, who has the good sense, does not have the sense to stop. <br /> <br /> Largely because of the tragic death of Dorothy Stratten, this film occupies a special place in the heart of Mr. Bogdanovich. He even bought it from his producers, then distributed it himself and went bankrupt when he was not very popular. His rise and fall are some of the most sympathetic and tragic stories in Hollywood. So there is no joy in criticizing the film. This is a real emotional investment in Mrs. Stratten's scenes. But "Laughed" is a slight echo of "The Last Picture Show", "Paper Moon" or "What's Up, Doc" - followed by "Daisy Miller" and "At Long Last Love", this was a thunderous confirmation of the phase of which PB has never been born. <br /> <br /> In the end, the film is not dangerous, it is a waste of rental. I want to watch people having fun, I go to the park on a sunny day. For cinematographic expressions of joy and love, I will stick to Ernest Lubitsch and Jaques Demy ...
