It's a sad movie made for sad people. I was sitting in theaters tearing my hair in half, wanting to break the chairs in front of me as the film produced grimacing scenes one after the other. And there were people laughing behind me, which made me wonder what kind of movies these people have to watch to really enjoy this horse. ** <br /> <br /> Nikkhil Advani has six stories without intrigue and no interesting characters. The scenario is monotonous, he was probably drunk when he wrote this movie. There is no strong hold on any of these stories. Nothing new, nothing that can hold the audience and full of dialogues that you would have heard a million times before. One story tells that this couple can not have sex because of a series of disasters that happen whenever they want. I mean seriously, is this story really necessary? It's not funny, not creative but it only proves that Advani has no sense of comedy. Another of these stories (which was probably the only one I was interested in) is based on a man's infidelity and also ends up with an old crap sati-savitri pati-lame parmeshwar. I have no idea of ​​the Salmaan-Priyanka plot. There was no problem in the plot for it to be a conspiracy. She can not take Karan Johar's movie because she has to marry Salmaan ?? Why can not she marry him and always take the movie ?? Or do Advani and Priyanaka simply want to prove to the world that it is actually true that actresses can not succeed if they are married or do not have to play in movies once they are married? With six actors in the film, obviously, Advani can not produce the film alone. He therefore fully uses sponsors like the Times Group to shamelessly promote their Filmfare magazines. And also some jewelry brands that women of the movie seem absolutely adore !! I'm coming to IMDb to give it the worst rating and I'm shocked to see articles praising the film. This shows the sad state of Bollywood and the way the star hit the fans. With fans like these, movies like Salaam E Ishq will continue to be produced and, worse yet, a success.
