There are many problems with Salaam-e-Ishq from Nikhil Advani. A monolithic concept that looks great on paper (which also worked in a previous English film - Love Actually) goes terribly wrong thanks to an inept and superficial writing. A well-intentioned idea crumbles under the weight of its own gigantic ambition. A director so completely adulated by his own very acclaimed first film goes to sea with the devices that worked in his previous movie (Kal Ho Na Ho) - try to count the number of times the split screen camera is used in this movie. The problem is what has worked fabulously at Kal Ho Na Ho, it is the emotional excesses of the Karan Johar film school, but here, "the emotion" does not have all its grace for its appearance on the screen - no, not even frantically. The screenwriter / director gives us "six relationships with a common problem - love", but where is the intensity, where is the depth, where is the emotion? A tribute to love without emotion? And the one that goes on and on, ...... No, it can not work! <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the basic requirement for a suitcase film like this is that each story is not only "complete", but it must - in one way or another - follow the graph of the traditional three-act structure (screen writing guru Syd Field's Paradigm). That's the real reason Salaam-e-Ishq did not work for me. None of these stories had the depth or the roller coaster of emotional highs and lows expected of traditional Hindi cinema. In addition, the connection between some of the stories seemed tenuous and very forced. What Salman Khan does at Ayesha Takia's wedding is unclear. If he was required to attend the wedding scene for a neat conclusion, why not mention a few more coincidences and bring the other two couples to the wedding? It would be more orderly. <br /> <br /> But yes, some of these stories were very promising. On the one hand, the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla tries to deal with a very real situation - the mid-life crisis, but his journey is so linear that you wonder if it was really a problem. Similarly, the problem of engagement in the history of Akshaye Khanna-Ayesha Takia is also relevant. If only he was developed a little better. I had the impression that the most promising stories of this hodgepodge were told from the point of view of men, which is good, but it lowers the emotional quotient of these stories because the female characters - Juhee Chawla and Ayesh Takia in particular - all have the depth of a half-filled bathtub. Was not this movie supposed to be about "12 different lives"? Now the actors. John Abraham still has to learn to play, while Vidya Balan is reliable and endearing as always. Anil Kapoor gets a role written just for him, but sometimes exaggerates the boredom of his character. Since she does not have a fleshy character to represent, Juhee Chawla uses her charming smile and natural actor style to cover it. Akshaye Khanna is fine despite an excessive trifle in some scenes. Ayesha Takia does not have much to do, but she reminds us that she is the same girl who surprised us with her bravura performance in Dor. Govinda tries to compensate for this huge mistake called Bhagam Bhag and achieves this to a large extent. <br /> <br /> This gives me the most irritating track of the film (which ends up unforgivably accumulating maximum screen time) - Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra. The track is irritating mainly because of them. But I must pay tribute to them for their consistency. They are constantly BAD throughout the movie. Priyanka may well be the next queen of the pun - I do not buy shit that her role (that of a "girl of the object") forces her to behave excessively. Someone should tell him the difference between being flamboyant because the character claims it and a real punch. If you've seen Rakhi Sawant (who seems to be the inspiration behind this role) in his interviews and Bigg Boss, you'll understand what I mean. I firmly believe that if Nikhil Advani had taken Rakhi Sawant in this role rather than in a bigger star like Priyanka, the story would have worked better. The bogus accent of Salman Khan is ..... well, Shannon Esra's Hindi is less pronounced than Salman's. <br /> <br /> To be fair to the director, he managed to add good editing of director to the film. I particularly appreciated the use of gray as the predominant color in Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla's story as a metaphor for their boring existence, as well as bright colors that go down in history with the arrival of the other. wife. But will anyone choose to paint their home with depressing shades of gray? It's an acceptable cinematographic license, I would say. But when the film lasts almost 4 hours, you almost feel that the director is trying too hard to give the audience a glimpse of his "touch" in an endless montage of uninteresting sequences. <br /> <br /> Maybe Nikhil Advani wants us to stay in the theater as long as it's humanly possible - pata nahin, kal ho na ho.
