"Baptists at Our Barbecue" is the best film ever made. Now that I have drawn your attention to this horribly inaccurate statement that should be a pending offense, if you speak, allow me to begin my brief glimpse of this sticky, offending, pretentious and boring piece of junk, I guess you could consider a movie. First of all, the low budget of this stinker is quite obvious, based on the very poor and inexperienced management of Christian Vuissa, and the sticky scenario, too devious, devious, moaning and on stilts of F. Mathew Smith . I really despise the fact that it sends a very pro-Mormon message and a kind of anti-all-religion message. Yes, the story is about a small town half full of Mormons and half full of Baptists. It shows that all the main characters and role models are Mormon and so kind and perfect, but they are attacked by perverse, connivorous, and very critical Baptists. It shows how beautiful the Mormons are and how cold and ignorant the Baptists are, instead of showing a little solidarity, as it would be appropriate and realistic. I do not belong to any of the two religions (in fact, I am an atheist), but that offended me, as did innumerable Baptists. This shows that Baptists are very uncomfortable and unwelcoming towards Mormons, and that Mormons are very accepting, when again, in reality, there is a reciprocity between them. Sorry, I did not intend to make a joke. <br /> <br /> Another aspect of "Baptist Barbecues" that interested me the least was acting. The performances are very amateurish and unnatural, especially on the part of female leader Heather Beers. Miss Beers crosses her, without any passion or feeling for her role. I was not very impressed by Dan Merkley, the main character of this dull film, but I must say he is much more talented. or shows more talent in this film than Heather Beers. Whoever played the sheriff of the city was awful too. Although there may be a little laugh at the bottom of the film, it is full of clichés. For example, the main character, Tartan (Merkley), finds comfort from a Native American who always gives him the best advice on things related to a tribal way of life - how bad is this cliché? To make the situation even more pathetic, Tartan buys a solitary and pagan puppy. Ugghhh! <br /> <br /> If you want my advice, get away from Baptists as much as possible from our barbecue. I saw it on the shelf and thought it would be a cute and interesting little independent movie about religion. All I have is one, well, shit. Note: D- <br /> <br /> my guide of odds - A + (absolutley without fault); A (almost perfect masterpiece); A- (excellent); B + (super); B (very good); B- (good); C + (a mixed bag); C (average); C- (disappointing); D + (bad); D (very bad); D- (absolutely horrible); F (not a quality that redeems in this piece of Hollywood feces).
