The concept of this horror movie designed for television is ridiculous, but it was in the late 1970s and literally, all stupid horror formats were very useful, so why not exploit the idea of ​​a Dog possessed in a satanic way? The plot of "Devil Dog" is easy to describe for fans of the horror genre: just think of "The Omen" and replace the newborn with a nest of puppies German Shepard! Seriously, I'm not kidding, that's what the movie is about! During the opening sequence, members of a kind of satanic cult only buy a bitch in heat to impregnate it with Satan himself. One might think that the Dark Lord has something else in mind besides fornicating with a German Shepherd and conquering the world of one diabolical puppy at a time, but apparently not. Just like little Damien in "The Omen", one of the puppies is supported by the model family and grows up to become a beautiful and charismatic animal. But lucky ?? what is the name of the dog ?? is purely diabolical and eliminates annoying neighbors and curious school teachers in a disordered and executed manner. He also inflicts his wickedness on the wife and children of the family, but he can not force the father (Richard Crenna) to stick his arm in a lawnmower because he is "chosen". All of this becomes too foolish for words when Crenna finally travels to Ecuador looking for an old mural and gets advice from an old wizard who speaks perfect English. I guess he learned that living all his life in isolation at the top of a mountain. Director Curtis Harrington ("What's wrong with Helen", "Ruby") and lead actor Richard Crenna ("Wait until darkness", "The Evil") are desperately trying to create an atmosphere of suspense and of mystery, but all is in vain. Scenes like cute puppy eyes that spontaneously fire a Spanish maid or a dog dodging balls without even moving evoke chuckles instead of fright, and not even spooky melodies can do it. The "special" effects are pathetic, especially towards the end, when the Satan dog turns into a totally cheesy shadow on the wall. "Devil Dog" is a really stupid movie, but it's definitely hilarious to watch late-night with friends and tons of alcoholic drinks. There are some fun little cameos from Martine Beswick ("Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde") as the terrifying cult queen and RG Armstrong ("The car", "The pack") as a seller of fruits, vegetables and evil puppies. And, yes, that annoying girl is the same kid who flew off complaining about his ice cream in Carpenter's "Assault on Precinct 13".
