As expected, a Mazursky film shot in the 70's would be a counterculture, sympathetic to hippies - and would have many hippies - and, of course, it's childishly anti-authoritarian (eg the movie scene Mexican). border, when Sutherland provokes the customs officer with little respect and then accuses him of having opened his baggage only because he (Sutherland) has long hair). The constant left dribble could have annoyed me if I had not been prepared before; Sutherland speaks loudly to his family and friends about potential film ideas for his next film. Most of these ideas are about Blacks or Indians (needless to say he would be welcomed with open arms in Hollywood today). One of his film ideas is about a black uprising in Beverly Hills - a war between races, sort of, in the middle of LA. That's the kind of nonsense that Mazursky thinks when he's writing scripts for his movies. Fortunately, some of Sutherland's hippie friends make fun of this principle of the Black Revolution and the resulting dialogue is not bad; A little later, the Jew makes a breach about Sutherland in a film about "Masturbation and the problem of blacks", when he begins to talk about masturbation. Another fun time is when Sutherland's eldest daughter plays on stage with her fellow white people, and they all say, "We blacks from the Republic of South Africa ...". <br /> <br /> There is always some indulgence towards Hollywood when you shoot a movie about Hollywood - especially when it's Hollywood filming a Hollywood movie about Hollywood movies. Now, it's very very complacent, indeed. The scene with Fellini (playing himself) is however more fun than boring. Mazursky throws the children's crap of flowers and anti-Vietnam bullshit into the soup, and also makes fun of Hollywood society, but he was / was just as much a part of the "fake Hollywood" (the lyrics of this song of the war surreal segment) like anyone else; I'm pretty sure he, too, makes some twisted remarks at Beverly Hills parties and smiles weakly as he shakes hands with people he does not know or love, but he really does. need money for his next (left). ) project. As for his hair: he has the worst hair I have seen for a very long time (in the cinema or elsewhere); it's a bit like the kind of long hair that a middle-aged accountant would have if he made it grow long. The film remains relatively interesting despite its lack of objectivity, but it gets bogged down a bit in the boredom in the last third. If you want to read my parody / biography of Donald Sutherland (and other Hollywood actors), contact me by e-mail.
