Offering a murderous combination of terrible writings, terrible actions and terrible sensations, it is a compliment, that Kinjite: Forbidden Subjects is offensively bad or just hilariously bad. It's almost as if someone is organizing a contest to make Cannon's craziest and most sneaky movie. As if a glance at a mailing list featuring characters such as "Lesbian Pedophile", "Perverted Gentleman", "Porno Actress", was not enough, it's your only chance to see the Charles Bronson cop cast a dildo on his bed and catch a dildo - but do not worry, it's good, because the cries of the screen clearly indicate that he only tortures it to obtain information. After all, even though he is a little overprotective of his beautiful Catholic daughter, he is a good Catholic policeman who regularly brings a takeaway meal to local Catholic priest William O'Connell and believes in poetic justice. - or at least by ensuring that the bad guys stop with the most excited inmates, maximum security can give them a taste of their own medicine. But then that's what you get for telling him, "Look, I think you're a bit unstable." However, when he later offers a bribe he may shout, "I'd like to put that in your ass, but I do not want to get my hands dirty," he clearly learned where to draw the line: instead, he's just eating a $ 25,000 watch and setting his Cadillac on fire. The anal obsession even follows the title of the film: despite the poster depicting a Japanese nude on a porn film set, the only direct example of the film on forbidden topics / Kinjite, as explained by the English teacher. 'Alex Hyde White to a group of Japanese businessmen, is talking about your bowel movements in a polite society. <br /> <br /> Bronson is not too old for that, as the opening fight clearly shows, he's too old for Peggy Lipton's love interest, and she seems old enough to have kids adults. Best actor he had never had the merit of receiving the right material, here is a less thoughtful character than a series of reactionary quirks. When he does not widen the circle of suspects, he inadvertently drops them on the side of the buildings. It is certainly not a copper, with a particular dislike for the Japanese - as if it was not enough to buy American companies, and even worse, they park in duplicate on a public road! No racial minority goes unnoticed, whether it's a black pimp or a Pakistani hotel employee, no non-recycled cop shot, whether it's a boss banging on the table or a dead meat partner (Perry Lopez) and his spectacularly bad hair dye that he deserves billing screen all his own). The two intrigues of the plot - the Bronson Supreme Court policeman trying to shoot down pimp of Juan Hernandez who takes care of underage girls and the Japanese businessman obsessed with James Pax porn ?? always take to intermingle, then in the most improbable way: after having felt the impression of Bronson's daughter in a bus ("An oriental type touched my holy of holies!"), in the idea of ​​the film of poetic justice, Pax finds his own daughter abducted by Hernandez. You almost expect the writer to put his head around the corner of the screen and say, "How do you like them like apples?" <br /> <br /> Somewhere below all laziness is the seed of a good idea although it is too confusing to be really clear on this idea, but the execution is purely Rising Sun: Archie version Bunker, shot as an outing of an 80s R-rated video clip with a scandalous and rather lazy final -'em-up-and-blow-em-up filming that sees a small army of machine gun teammates appear suddenly to increase the number of free deaths. Bronson's last is mostly bad in various collaborations with J. Lee Thompson ?? and unfortunately, Thompson's last film as a director - it's a bad sign for two underrated players who, more and more, never seemed to be as insightful about the images they said yes.
