Blood Legacy begins with the arrival of lawyer Tom Drake (Norman Bartold) in the area of ​​Dean who previously belonged to Christopher Dean (John Carradine), now deceased. Upon arrival, he is greeted by Mr. Dean's four children, Gregory (Jeff Morrow) & his wife Laura (Merry Anders), Victoria (Faith Domergue), Johnny (Richard Davalos), Leslie (Brooke Mills) and his friend Carl Isenberg (John Smith). Drake plays a tape recording of the delays The father's vows after his death, the $ 136 million estate must be shared equally between his four children. If he dies, the money will be divided equally among the others. To die the weird servants Elga (Ivy Bethune), Igor (Buck Kartalian) & Frank, more banal, will be called Frank. Well, dissatisfied on his part by $ 136 million a quarter (which was still close to $ 35 million in 1971, which does not seem to be that bad for me), someone decides to want everything and he does not do not wait until decapitated heads appear in the fridge ... <br /> <br /> Co-written, produced and directed by Roy Monson, Blood Legacy has disappointed me in two ways. For starters, the alternative and much more common title of this film is Legacy of Blood, which is also the title of an obscure horror film directed by Andy Milliagn in 1978, which I have always wanted to see. The two films are regularly mixed up with similar stories and when I checked my on-screen TV guide on Legacy of Blood, I was excited because he said it was Milligan's movie and even cited as director. When I sat down to watch it, I heard the voice of John Carradine & I so I knew it was not the Milligan film I wanted to see, my heart sank. Then, of course, there is the simple but undeniably simple fact that Blood Legacy is a total crap that is literally painful to watch at times. The scenario of Monson and Eric Norden is slow, boring and extremely predictable. The characters are absolutely bizarre in an annoying way, the monster of a servant who asks his sister (?) To flirt with him, the strange set of Brother's & Sisters that are downright inconceivable and so far from reality that any tension or mystery that cruelly lacks the simplistic story of whodunits and then there is a terrible ending that you can guess in the first 10 minutes. It's boring to watch, it's not very rhythmic and it's just a chore to think about it. Please, someone save me because it's really a bad thing. I could really say all day how bad Blood Legacy is. <br /> <br /> The director Monson was working with a non-existent budget or, judging by this result, he should not have even had to direct traffic. The whole movie looks ugly, it is poorly photographed and there is no atmosphere or fright. The blood and the blood are docile, there is an ax in the head, a head decapitated, a scene where someone is stung to death by a wasp and the best murder when someone eats his face by a piranha. However, there are question marks on this scene, so there is the victim, okay. There is the piranha tank, that's it. The victim's head is placed in a piranha tank, on the right. Pirahna eats the faces of the victims, okay. The water remains limpid despite the fact that his victim's face is devoured, uh, where is the blood? <br /> <br /> Technically, Blood Legacy is terrible, the sound was horrible, the sound was shot live and it's muffled and hard to hear. the terrible dialogue may be a blessing in disguise. The role of actor was going to win no price, for sure, the less we said, the better. <br /> <br /> Blood Legacy is a horrible film, there is really no positive aspect to it or if there is I can not think about it. Do yourself a favor and do not bother with this one, there are much better movies.
