*** SPOILERS *** With a reunion of family members and servants of the late Christopher Dean, John Carradine, to hear his will, they are a little surprised at the fortune of this dean, of the order of 140 million of dollars. The money must be divided between them, but only after they have successfully spent a week at Dean Manor. There seems to have been some confusion in the story when we find out later that this is really a slumber party, not a week's vacation, at the manor so that the guests can benefit from the money. Dean, since almost everyone died at sunrise. <br /> Dean Curse's first victim has nothing to do with getting money from Christopher Dean's estate, local sheriff Dan Garcia, Rodolfo Acosta. Acosta chopped her head in the refrigerator and then served on a tray in front of a group of guests in shock. Later in the evening, the adorable little Chin, Greg Morley and Laura, Jeff Morrow and Marry Anders, will find a small dead dog floating in the pond. <br /> <br /> The film tells that all the people staying at Dean Mansion were kidnapped. one by one, until it is revealed who is the killer. We then have what appears to be a twofold twist in the story where the original killer is suddenly killed with two of the last remaining guests. The real killer ends up having not only all the loot, $ 140 million, but he does not have to share it with his accomplice by giving him, him or her, by giving him a poisoned biscuit that kills him on-the-job -field. Nonsensical who did this, and haunted house, movie with a cast of such immoral and improbable characters that even a mother, let alone the audience, would have a hard time loving. There is everything you can think of in the movement involving selective guests, including S & M sadism for incest and of course double gambling and stabbing, not to mention murder. You do not care who the guests will survive to get Dean's fortune back at the end of the movie, hoping against hope that none of them will. <br /> <br /> Even the big surprise at the end is This is really surprising since the identity of the murderer is revealed, the filmmaker having forgotten to keep his face in the shadows, so you see who he is before even as he reveals himself! We then have a plot that eliminates the killer with a number of remaining guests just to make the movie a little more confusing than it already is. The last piece of land, which you can see arriving about ten miles away, was simply meant to show how much the so obvious killer was so intelligent that almost no one was watching the movie.
