I've been a fan of Bill Maher for 15 years, but this movie was disappointing and sometimes disgusting. Of course, I'm Catholic, I come from a well educated family and I go to church on my own initiative, which probably puts me at the end of several of Bill's opinions. <br /> <br /> Bill's problem is that he assumes that religion is uniformly negative. He is right in documenting the sociological aspects, that is, one religion bases its holidays on another, and many wars have been fired because of religion (or, more sinister of men to the ultimate and indisputable authority of God). but that said, he never looks at his positive side. Quite frankly, I think hell would freeze before Bill gets humiliated and goes to the slums of Calcutta, where Mother Theresa spent her life working with the poor. She is dead now, of course, but he could easily visit the Jesuit priest of East LA, who runs Homeboy Industries, a company that works with young men from gangs and prisons to teach them professional skills, get kidnapped their tattoos and become responsible members of or visit USC's Institute for Advanced Catholic Studies, which brings together some of the world's leading theologians, diplomats and investment bankers to explore ways to ethically integrate the poorest in the world to the global financial markets and live for half of the world's population living on less than $ 1 a day. Of course, he will not do that, because that would force him to take into account evidence that does not fit easily with his preconceived ideas about religion, and it is so much easier to continue to make superficial and sneaky jokes. <br /> <br /> This is part of the other big problem in Bill's film: he never submits to anyone, neither at his level nor who is better than he is. In this movie, Maher, a Cornell graduate, spends most of his time talking to truck drivers during a non-denominational Christian truck stop service, in a disco with a Dutchman who smokes all the time, with the minister of a church in front of a shop. in Miami, who claims to be the reincarnation of Christ, and with an actor playing Jesus in a theme park "Holy Land". <br /> <br /> What you will not see in Bill's film, beyond superficial speculation A PhD at Grand Central Station on the fact that religion chemically impairs the brain, as do drugs, and that religion is the mistake of tradition inflicted on the masses, whether serious and questionable interviews with professors of philosophy and theology of schools like Notre Dame, BYU, or Wheaton College, who could easily behead him rhetorically in a debate on the issue. You will not see any serious discussion of the writings of C.S. Lewis, G.K. Chesterton, or any papal encyclical, and of course you will also find no discussion of non-Abrahamic religions (Judaism, Christianity, and Islam). All you get at the end of the day is a classic example of a condescending and snobbish elitist from western Los Angeles who is making a movie for his genre and has absolutely no intestinal understanding of how other half of America George W. Bush (twice) lives his life or talks about the school of thought that underpins it. <br /> <br /> I understand very much what Bill says, but for someone who has his intellect and influence, this film has been nothing short of pathetic. Anyone interested in the kind of intellectual ferment that independent documentaries generally bring could find more stimulation in a former Teletubbies replay.
