I rented it shortly after renting Ben Stein's "Expelled" and thought it would be interesting to compare them. Before going further, it seems fair that I point out the following so that the reader can see if I have any harm or not. I'm trying to be objective, for the record. <br /> <br /> I tend to enjoy Maher's HBO show from time to time, though I rarely think it's the source of humor. I do not really care about his stand-up either. But he made some good points on the series from time to time, and I liked Politically Incorrect, although it was still politically correct enough (which I consider negative because the term itself sounds like Orwellian or at least fascist). As far as my religious opinions are concerned, for the sake of simplicity I will say that I am not a homosexual. Christian with objectivist points of view and mixed agnostic points of view. <br /> <br /> That being said, it is a bad "documentary" for reasons that have not yet been mentioned by many critics - although the ones mentioned are also valid. The reason he is not convincing is not simply that he discusses the essentials without letting others talk (and that his argument is not logical, it's just "go, really?" , Which is not an argument, but a question, try David Hume if you want a decent argument.). The reason why this is not convincing is its lack of experts in the field. I saw him about 2 months ago and I only remember his conversation with someone whose references as a professional were mentioned if he was not a member of the clergy. There are probably hundreds of scientists or at least masters or PhDs willing to do some verbal sparring, especially in the fields of history, anthropology or a host of other . <br /> <br /> If we compare this to Ben Stein's "Expelled: No Intelligence Allowed", he will find that he is questioning about 30 professors, professionals, clergy, and so on. accredited. It does it with various sources of diverse horizons. He also emphasizes in his film the freedom of thought and education. Maher could easily have pointed out the wrongs committed by theocratic rules over the centuries or the persecutions that ensued. Instead, he idiotically refers to the secular totalitarian regimes of the 20th century as proof of why secularism needs more socio-political power !!!! (I think it's in the bonus game where he stands in front of Anne Frank's house.) It's a real Orwellian journey. In particular, he attributes Christianity to many unnecessary deaths - which have had their share, although much less important than most! - without even including a basic view of the evidence. This may be because this argument is contradicted by the sad history of the 20th century of secular humanism. ONLY. <br /> <br /> Another flagrant weakness is his reluctance to talk to someone who would be considered a moderate or "average" practitioner. He chooses the weakest gazelles in the herd. How difficult is it? In what way does the demonstration of the existence of exceptions go in the direction of the refutation of the general rule? It's not. Wow, so people in sects think outside the norm? How enlightening to know that. Great job Maher! Again, it would be quite easy to interview a person like Laurence Vance and include her work on the refutation of the idea of ​​"patriotic duty" that requires a person to fight in every war in which his or her country is involved. that, he's just not so funny here. Some "intelligent" out-of-context / irreverently superimposed clips can be laughing, but are mostly used to illustrate that a real Maher contextual argument will NOT be presented, and much less convincing. He spends most of his time denigrating Christians, denouncing inaccuracies and questioning marginal groups that he can not really answer his questions. <br /> <br /> For the record, there are some good questions to ask honestly. and many they should ask for themselves. He approaches almost nothing. I have the impression that I could have responded much better to most of the questions he asked than the people he interviewed, but it all smells of cumulated content in terms of content and content deleted.
