Some funny songs, but come Bill! A movie? Quoting Zeitgeist? Keep the TV show and interviews, but a movie? I probably react in an exaggerated way, but what film provoking useless ... I do not know. I laugh, I do not agree, I agree ... this movie is very confusing and incoherent. <br /> <br /> Bill is a funny man ... but also very arrogant ... Bill's rhetoric is similar to Bill Hicks, a brilliant comedian. . But like many comedians, the line between comedy and preaching can be annoying. I think the main problem of this film is its lack of sensitivity. It may only be a personal taste, but comedy that constantly belittles someone can not be considered a truth. Bill is obviously emotionally responsive to religious fundamentalism. I agree with Bill that religious fanaticism is not sensible, but that the answer to that can not make sense. This will create unnecessary troubles. We can do better than just react to fundamentalism. His conclusion is that "we do not know" and he fervently tries to convince the viewer that no one knows anything, to the point that the agnostic community has been concerned about its lack of serious comparative religion research. His humility, which he only knows he does not know, is a contradiction since he tries to insist that all religious thought is meaningless. <br /> <br /> I had a hard time seeing footage from Zeitgeist, the movie from Bill's movie. All nonsense influenced by astrotheology that simplifies all religions because the same is simply disappointing. Zeitgeist sparked a lot of controversy and ruined the validity of much of the precious scholarship in religious studies. It is very sad to see how many false facts have been unblocked without any reliable scientific source. The astro-mystical sources that reduce everything to "the stars say everything" seem to be from the Middle Ages. This film is a confusing statement of a confused "agnostic". Agnosticism is far more complex and philosophically academic than defending each problem as "we do not know". <br /> <br /> This film is a clear proof of how postmodernism has been able to oversimplify and generalize the great problems of man. history. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie (it contains interviews and hilarious snippets), but PLEASE, do not behave like Bill. You can not expect someone to have a mature conversation if you make sardonic comments in each line. His argumentative techniques are humiliating and insulting, provoking emotional reactions rather than rational and logical argumentation. There must be a more mature way of dealing with these issues.
