As in all genres of movies, there are good gangster movies and bad gangster movies. If you asked me to name a good gangster movie, I would have to choose dozens. If you asked me to name a bad gangster movie, the first one that came into my head is the one that still leaves me in a sort of disappointing depression about a week after I saw the movie for the first time and I promise you, last time. This film is "The General", unrelated to the silent film of 1926 of the same name. It's a very dry and very slow gangster episode that raises questions not about the story (it's more than easy to follow), but about why the filmmakers chose to do this rather fragile business. <br /> Like "Goodfellas" (1990) and "American Gangster" (2007) "Two Superior Mass Movies" "The General" is based on real people and real events. The film revolves around an Irish criminal named Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleeson) who began his long series of crimes, stealing food as a teenager, before stealing museums and homes as an adult. Meanwhile, police led by an inspector named Kenny (Jon Voight) is desperately and vigorously trying to prove one of his crimes and condemn (or kill) him. <br /> <br /> Maybe because it's a film of the same category as the wonderful "Goodfellas" (1990) and the first two films "Godfather", I was expecting too much of "The General". But that may be too easy. It would have been a bad film if I had not seen the aforementioned masterpieces before being overwhelmed by boredom in this airman and by his running time far too much screaming in bad scenes. Let's start to hit the movie by simply looking at the style in which it is presented. For some reason, director John Boorman and director of photography Seamus Deasy have chosen to shoot this film in black and white, while his style and presentation are clearly the elements that belong to a color film in its own right. Now, I have nothing against black and white images, not even those nowadays. "Schindler's List" (1993) was shot in black and white more than 90% and is a masterpiece. "The General", created just five years after "Schindler's List", is not. The cinematography is also much too bright with highlights of high brightness that seem very embarrassing and give the film a quality very similar to that of a video game that I found just annoying. The filmmakers were obviously aiming at a realistic documentary style, like "Schindler's List", but they fail to make it look like a documentary and at the same time a classic film. The performances in the film range from fair to poor. Brendan Gleeson and Jon Voight gave a decent enthusiasm for their roles, but it sometimes seemed to me that even they were somewhat disappointed by the horrible storyline they were reporting. The sound design is also very primitive, probably to try to give it an appeal for the black crime of the 40s, but it also fails because, again, it looks too much like a contemporary image and seems very bad in its place. <br /> <br /> But the worst thing that happens is that there is not a single character in the movie for which I do not experience emotions or opinions. In fact, at every moment of each scene, the only thought that went through my head was "OK, so what?" The moments that in a better film may seem shocking or appalling are simply boring and take time. I did not sympathize with or hate the character of Brendan Gleeson because the way Cahill's character is written is just plain and dull. Gleeson just plays the common criminal and does not stand up to the impact that the real Martin Cahill obviously had. If a character is killed (as they always are in gangster movies), we do not feel anything. No remorse, no relief, no surprises, nothing. We simply say "so what?" And that's all I did for the duration of this police film very fragile, very poorly done.
