John Boorman's 1998 General was hailed as a strong comeback, although it is hard to understand why on the evidence of the film itself. One of the three films made that year about the famous Northern Irish criminal, Martin Cahill (alongside Crime Circles and Ordinary Criminals), has an abundance of incidents and styles (the film was shot in color but released in black and white in some territories). absolutely no impact and continues forever. With a main character threatening witnesses, a car bomb, doctors, a hundred people who lose their jobs, tries to buy the sexually abused girl from one of her gangs to keep her outside the prison and to nail one of his family at a snooker table remains a popular local legend, a personality quite attractive enough for his wife to approve, but actually suggests a threesome with his sister, he needs a charismatic central performance to sell the character and the movie. He does not understand. Instead, Brendan Gleeson is perhaps the worst and most selfless performance: he delivers his lines and is in the right place, but nothing suggests a local hero or the inner workings of a complex character. On the positive side, it avoids overloading a character who is nothing but an egotistical thug, but it is in contradiction with a scenario that seems to expect us to love him and his antics. <br /> <br /> a minor section that arouses interest when the IRA unleashes a local hate campaign against the "general" and his men, presenting them as "anti-social" narco-traffickers simply because Cahill does not does not want to share the spoils of a robbery with them, but his provisional resolution is so vaguely drawn - it has something to do with Cahill wearing a balaclava and joining the protesters that are expected to be kindly shameless - that he is simply thrown away. Things are more successful in the last third as pressure builds and his army breaks, but it's too late to worry about. Adrian Dunbar, Maria Doyle Kennedy and the superb Angeline Ball do a good job of worshiping the supporting roles, but Jon Voight's Marty Garda beating seems to be more present for US sales than for a moral balance, overcompensating for non-commitment comatose Gleeson in total failure. Come back Zardoz, everything is forgiven.
