The previous commentator, Steve Richmond, said that, in his words, "Walk On The Moon" is not worth 7 dollars. I ended up paying a little more than that to import what is one of the poor quality DVDs I've ever seen, this movie or any other existing movie. Even if you ignore the fact that the DVD clearly comes from an interlaced master and that it is simply unpleasant to watch in motion, the film has no redeeming quality (except the presence of Anna) to make the reading of a superior quality Blu-Ray transfer. Not that it is the fault of the other actors. Liev Schreiber, Diane Lane, Tovah Feldshuh and Viggo Mortensen all had a high score in the cast list compared to Anna Paquin. Much more than Holly Hunter or Sam Neill despite an equally ugly scenario. Director Tony Goldwyn's resume is not peculiar, but Pamela Gray's resume includes Wes Craven's most spectacular excursions outside the horror or slasher genre, so we could forgive for thinking that this is a wrong direction. <br /> <br /> As I already mentioned, Anna Paquin is the only reason I watched this movie. In her acting debut, she literally acted as an industry veteran with at least twelve years of experience over her own. Although she is not so far ahead of her castmates, her performance as a girl begins as a kid and becomes a woman whose world collapses around her proves that her Oscar was not A random. For some time now, I have been telling friends that she would be the best choice to represent the heroine of my second complete novel and a seventy-three-minute dialogue in this film is another demonstration of the reason. This woman could literally play paint on the walls. Anna aside, only Liev Schreiber is on the verge of generating public sympathy. Of course, his character passes the vast majority of the film to neglect a woman in existential crisis, but he plays the furious reaction of a man who feels deceived with brio. I should know it, even if it's not in the same circumstances. <br /> <br /> Viggo Mortensen also deserves congratulations for his portrayal of a traveling traveler, although perhaps not to the same extent. In a way, he is the villain of the play, but he gives a third dimension to the character. Yes, his actions even after the explosion are sneaky, but few men would act differently in his situation. Nobody wants to be the other man in this kind of deplorable situation, so Viggo deserves a lot of credit for trying it here. Unfortunately, all these participants in the story of a woman who feels trapped in a stagnant marriage, where Tovah Feldshuh tells us that the archetypal women of Mills And Boon, who are the only ones to have the impression that life pass, just does not exist. Writer Pamela Gray or director Tony Goldwyn thought they could insert this sentence into the film without wondering how the audience could receive it. Anna even has the opportunity to tell the audience when she asks Diane to tell anyone about responsibility. <br /> <br /> That being said, the film has some elements other than Anna's. Mason Daring's original music, while not standing out in any way, gives the film a certain sense of being nested in the time represented, which is useful where the other elements are not. Roger Ebert is right when he points out that if Liev is a great actor, putting him alongside Viggo in the story of a woman forced to choose between her marriage and her fantasy is a serious mistake. He is also right in saying that when the film lingers on scenes of Lane and Mortensen cursing each other or climbing each other under a waterfall, he loses focus on the story of a transgression and becomes soft porn. The film finally seems confused as to the position of its story. No matter how many times I've seen Liev's scenes, I can not help but think that he's been swapped in direction or editing. There is no need to make their roles particularly beautiful or beautiful, but taking the necessary steps to make them the most interesting or most developed characters in the room would have come a long way. <br /> <br /> Ebert also hits his head perfectly when he says that every time he saw Anna on the screen, he thought his character was the real story. Stories about the neglected wife clashing with the arms of a man who seems interesting or even dangerous are a penny a dozen, so much so that now, even if the story is paralleled with an event as heartbreaking as the moon landing no help. Despite the repulsion of her character, Anna could just walk around with a neon sign over her head to ask the audience if he would not want to see it all through his eyes. Although I'm too aware that it's difficult to control exactly which character your audience will find most interesting in your cast, it's really like they do not bother trying with Lane and Schreiber . The fans of these two would be well advised to look elsewhere. I hope that now, my discussions of the respective performances will give an idea of ​​where it all went wrong. <br /> <br /> I gave A Walk On The Moon a three out of ten. Anna Paquin wins a bonus point with one of her best performances (and that's saying something).
