Written by a woman and led by another. Whoppie. Are we in a feminist turn or what. Fasten your belt, ladies, because we are going to enter a world of evil men and innocent and well-meaning women. <br /> <br /> In this series, Trish meets a guy from the employment agency who is doing well, looks and dresses like a pimp (!) and gives him a job with the hope of nail it some time later. In his office, he even touches her chin as a heavy megalomaniac in a Bond movie would hit a girl right after he captured her and just before he was ready to kill her with Bond. Some time later, the pimp / job guy throws Trish into a lady's locker room, harasses her and even rapes her. Oh, those mean and mean people. They are all bad, you do not know. You can not even look for a job today without being raped, right? Well, we'll show them! In this film, there is a kind of divorced women's club or something, led by Janet Leigh, who speaks on behalf of all the women involved in this film when she says that "men are all s ** t ". She moans how terrible men are; she divorced five times. Now, seriously: any woman who marries twenty times and then uses this statistic as an argument that men are all "bad" must have come to understand that the explanation could be somewhere else, or? She must understand: a) that she is a bad judge of the masculine character, or - much more likely - b) she is the one with whom it is impossible to live - her ex-husbands were probably the victims, or if were actually ** holes so she probably got what she deserved. (Do not people like Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor prove it? Show me a friendly woman who has married so often and I'll show you a way to reach the planet Mars using only roller skates and a ladder.) Trish ends up meeting a computer guy who restores his confidence in the man - but hold your horses; this guy turns out to be married, thus proving without a doubt that men are indeed all "bad". Is not it, of course, for a nice old vegetable seller who loves his wife even though she is still dead - which proves that all men are "bad", except for the kind old men whose penises do not work and who "can" anyway, they are forced to give up a holocolist life and finally give women the respect they deserve. Even the supporting male characters are all "bad"; the black type of employment agency is hostile, and the morgue guy is rude - and insensitive (bastard, * sob * ... * sniff *?) And what's the problem with that boring end? .. A few minutes before the hearing, Trish gives up claiming her husband's money, realizing that she is now "free" and that she can finally make that jump into the pool ... ?? What is that ?? His jump into the pool is then - very predictable - frozen, as the credits begin to play, while the inspiring music of life, inspired by life, begins to make its entrance. Her girlfriends are shocked by her abandonment of money demands, but they do not stay long and soon begin to make fun of what a heart attack will cause Trish's lawyer when he hears about it. The lawyer shyster is naturally a man. A wicked, wicked, terrible "wicked" man, whose only interest in this world is money ... Ah, these men; all that matters to them is money; they do not know anything about higher values ​​in life - like shopping. I'm glad we have movies like this one; they bring the sexes together, but more importantly, they teach girls and young women that men are all tough, selfish bastards who run after skirts and plunge you into a world of poverty and misery at the first opportunity . So, girls, open your mouth and put your tongue in your girlfriend's mouth. Lesbian power!
