I recently browsed a collection of Lugosi films and, after being stunned a few days ago by the combination of Lugosi and Boris Karloff in "The Black Cat", I was really looking forward to seeing their collaboration in "The Raven . " Alas, it just did not work for me and at the end of the movie, I was pretty disappointed. <br /> <br /> During the first three quarters of this film, I thought the story was really lacking in suspense. Lugosi was doing his job very well as Dr. Vollins a little crazy, a surgical genius who falls in love with a young woman (Irene Ware) whom he cares for after a car accident but who can not have it - partly because she is already engaged and partly because her father (Samuel S. Hinds) disapproves. To cope with this situation, he calls on Edmond Bateman (Boris Karloff), a horribly ugly man who wants Vollins to make him more acceptable. Aside from Lugosi's performance, however, I found little to retain my interest. Then, suddenly, during the last fifteen or twenty minutes, the film switches completely. All of a sudden, it becomes quite suspensive, but I thought Lugosi's performance was crumbling, largely because the film was trying to make it go crazy - and there is a difference. He plays the role of "crazy" very well controlled and in control but diabolical. "Insane" is a more uncontrollable evil, and I did not think Lugosi did well. At one point, he offers a manic laugh that seems to be a fake. Meanwhile, Karloff was a huge disappointment. He never caught me at all. By the way, Lugosi had to understand that, in the films in which they co-starred, Karloff was in the lead, although in "The Raven", it is clear that Lugosi is the main actor. This surely gives a clue to how Universal ranked their two big horror stars - inexplicably, I would add, because I always thought that Lugosi was the best actor of both. <br /> <br /> Anyway, The story of Edgar Allen Poe "The Raven" has no real connection, except that Vollins is a Poe fanatic who tries to recreate some of the torture techniques used in Poe's stories. Overall, a disappointment. 4/10.
