Recently, I had the opportunity to view an ongoing etching in Kansas City (Olathe, KS.) Of this title. It is difficult for me, being a lover of art, to report the following, but the truth sometimes hurts and, quite frankly, after having gone through this guts (I use the definition slang here - worthless or written statements) for an hour and a half, I feel obliged to share (WARN) all interested parties. Let's start at the beginning, a good place to start as always. The first 15 minutes are not that bad, some bursts of laughter and a decent development, but then it is a downhill slope. This is the story of a woman in her thirties who (as the writer would like you to believe) is dissatisfied with her life and dissatisfied. The first major difficulty arises when, if you do not know what is going on in the film, you will not know if it suddenly runs the risk of, in my opinion, a very neglected and improbable adventure with a local seller. There is little development (radically insufficient development) to justify its actions for the affair it has and, when that happens, one feels, as I did, that it is just of low morality. The word "slut" comes to mind, hopefully, they will pass the exam and post the comment. This, in my opinion, is the first fatal flaw of the film. If you are married or have already been in love, whether you are a man or a woman, it will make you feel bad. Quite frankly, I think that would have created a much better "blue film" - that's the level I think the script deserves. The second fatal flaw is casting, Diane Lane just did not work here, and Viggo Mortensen is not the ideal candidate for the job, believe me. Anna Paquin is the only thing that saves all the film. The depth of her talent as a beautiful actress shines in places, translating a subtle but very clear portrait (I beg you to apologize for the dichotomy but it is accurate) of a teenager in the making. Bravo, bravo. I will not give the end, but I was disappointed, to be charged as a slice of romance of life is one thing ... but an end like that ... Well, if that teased you enough to see this picture, do not say that I did not warn you, but you'd better look quickly - if this celluloid is released, I doubt that it lasts four weeks before igniting. I would say to wait for the video, but the free sex education tapes from most video rental stores have more entertainment value. Hmmm, Dustin Hoffman produced this, you think he would learn after Ishtar. This film once bore the working title "Blouse Man" and should have been left on the set. If you have never wanted to film, give it 35 to 40 minutes. Anna Paquin is the only thing to remember. If you can stand the fact that you thought that or not you took out the trash before leaving the house, which is probably the place where you should have stayed if you are at the cinema to see this one. These are my two cents, for what it's worth.
