First, a small summary. This journalist, Torch, is essentially trying to tell the story of a zombie epidemic and discovers that the army and the government are censoring him. Good message, government censorship and all that, but the way they did the movie was, let me explain. <br /> <br /> This film is beyond description. The idea that George Romero appreciates it more than anything is sufficient justification for the evaluator to engage in a psychiatric institution. The scenario is atrocious in itself, as it was written by a sixth grade student. With regard to special effects, I understand that independent films have a limited budget and that some effects gores seem acceptable, but if you want a scene with fire, here's a tip:: buy non-flammable equipment, prepare a fire extinguisher and light the fire! Do not add it numerically and make it look like an explosion of a Nintendo 64 game. Role play, well let's say it. In my summer theater program, a cold reading of the script is, compared to this one, the Godfather. I will not even go into inconsistencies. Find them yourself. <br /> <br /> What disturbed me the most was when everything was finished after filming and editing, someone could have said, "Okay, that looks good Let him go. " It makes me feel cold to think about it, even to think that someone thought it was enough for a DVD release. It's not a DVD quality. This is not the quality of the Sci-Fi channel. Damn it, it's not even a quality film school. If you submit this to a project in a film school, you would have a F. No, not even an F, but rather an F-. I would not be surprised if he tries to get you deported. <br /> <br /> I felt used after seeing this thing. Blockbuster and the producers of this movie have my money right now, and I would rather not think about what they do with it. I was the pawn of a complicated and harmful ploy during a legalized flight, and it is not good to think that I walked in, looking at the back of the cover with a pleasant memory of 28 days later to find a movie, Ed Wood. would look and say afterwards, "I did not care much about that." This movie is the most terrible movie I have ever seen. I did not see Ed Wood, but I'm sure it's worse. If you are looking for a serious cinema, you will probably have a headache. Otherwise, I recommend you to write personally to the director and ask him how he sleeps at night. However, if you are the type of person who enjoys really bad things, I recommend you check this out. You will not be disappointed.
