As you may have learned in the title, I am quite convinced that this movie is the worst zombie movie of all time. The acting, the camera work, the writing, the special effects and all that touches at a distance to this film is null. People have argued that if this movie is terribly played and terribly produced, it ends with an intelligent and witty storyline. Sensational. The plot has more holes than either myself or anyone else could count on. To begin, why would the government tell everyone to go back to work when it is not safe? I know the government is supposed to be evil, but they do not win anything by killing the entire population of the country. There would be no one to govern! Another thing I wondered about, even if the government told everyone to go to work, why would people go if the streets were teeming with zombies? Would the zombies hide in the bushes and ambush unsuspecting people to help the government in its plot to kill everyone on the planet? And how about the end? This stupid flame guy sacrifices his life to get some close-ups of the zombies. He probably forgot that all cameras made in the last 35 years have a zoom function. And another thing, why does he say Hindenburg before dying. Hindenburg was a rare event seen by very few people. The zombie threat will be seen by everyone in the country, maybe the whole world. He does not think anyone else will get a few snapshots? They also managed to ruin the only semi-interesting scene of the film when the soldier watched the exotic dancer. Why did the zombie hide behind a curtain for five minutes before attacking the girl? Especially when the zombie could have passed through the door. It's probably just something that a zombie movie fan like me would not understand. Every day, I pray that God will increase my brain capacity long enough for me to understand all the subtle nuances of Feeding the Masses. <br /> <br /> the desire to physically hurt the people involved in the production. Hey Trent Haaga, I'm calling you!
