I could not believe that this dreadful movie was done. With the worst actors you can find, the worst scenario written (Mark Frost & Sollace Mitchell) and by far the worst time loss in viewing. I will not go back on history because it is not worth it. But I will elaborate on some of the performances and certainly the story. As for the story, it's very hard to believe that this intriguing fool can really do what she did. In reality, the woman could not defend herself against a small thing. That the husband can really find the deal attractive. That defense counsel may break all the rules of the court and continue to do so after the judge has ordered the victim to be quiet. And the end result of the film is an insult to justice, the codes of the film and the male species. The theme of this mess is to let women do what they want, to kill who they want, to defend the killer and get by, while the guy rots in prison of the innocent victim. Hard to believe that Sollace Mitchell, the director and a man, would even want to dribble. <br /> <br /> Regarding the acting game: Jordan Ladd, the murderer, is awful. A wacky man, who makes the needle during his trial for murder (is it allowed by the court?) It annoyed me to break. A last look at her frowning and indicating how innocent she was and I would throw up. She's not even attractive enough for a guy to leave his wife. The husband, played at one level by Vincent Spano, just seems to look stupid and stupid most of the time. He was so predictable in his performance, falling into the traps that all the women around him tended him. The worst was by far Holland Taylor in the role of Attourney's defense. She played throughout the film and mocked justice. If she asked me any time, I would have told her to go for a hike. All the other actors in this shabby movie did their job as planned. <br /> <br /> I wish I could assign the zero score to this film. However, we have to start with 1. Too bad. Let's not have pain watching movies like this. Life can do better than that, I know it. <br /> <br /> It's a postscript: Made the mistake of turning this tasteless movie by mistake. As soon as I saw the Jordan Ladd bimbo, I knew that I had already seen it and I did not like it. I did not just turn off the film, but I had to add my anger to people like Sollace Mitchell who wrote the screenplay but who also made this horrific movie. Nobody sees that his message is that the disease pays. Being sick and killing people is fine with this director / screenwriter. Totally make idiots of male species. Well, that guy tells you to go and stuff him somewhere painful. We are not so stupid and we will talk about your so-called film which, in the spirit of this person, deserves to be destroyed. <br /> <br /> And again, this loser is shown. Why???? Can not you read the comments on this stupid and despicable movie? Are we constantly subject to review the Jordan Ladd bimbo? Take her out of the television, movies and eyes. She is just terrible in every sense of the word. Phew !!!!
