On Christmas Eve and her lazy and submissive housewife, Della (Kim Basinger) receives violent threats from her violent and disturbed husband. Leaving her twin children in bed, she ventures into the night for a final shopping spree at the local mall. There are many people and finding a parking space is almost impossible, Della takes the shadow of a motorist who parks in two places, she leaves a word saying. Back in her car after visiting the shops, she is faced with screams, the owners of the car on which she left a word are very angry and want to have fun with her, a nice security guard comes the help, but things get complicated. Della runs away with the murderous mouth now in pursuit, they shoot her, she loses control of her car and hangs, quickly grabbing her toolbox in the trunk, she hides in an abandoned yard, but she is quickly, just before they try to rape and kill her, she pulls a key out of her magic toolbox, wounding their leader "Chuckie", she manages to escape into the nearby woods, in the crash where one of the gangs is killed, it turns out that it's just the black guy. Here, the night gets worse for all participants, following a deadly match between cat and mouse. A plot similar to Eden Lake brought me to that, but that's where the comparisons end. It is a brainless and silly film, scripted in a shocking way and horribly played by all the people involved. The Disney-esquire twins with doe eyes are horrible to watch. her husband, who is just as horrible, is trying to give him money. As a film, the plot is entirely telegraphed, even though Della's cell phone is turned off early, then in stores, her credit card was canceled by her husband and she has no money and his Christmas Eve, now where could they go with that I wonder ??? The only surprising part of this success is that when, after killing all the nasty snapshots with the contents of her magic toolbox, she asks Chuckie to anger her, if my jaw had not already been on the floor at that time. awful movie, would surely have dropped and crushed on the floor. even the end is messed up, all the feminist grannies who want their pound of flesh are left completely disappointed .. I did not think I could be more disappointed, but then I saw that Guillermo del Toro had produced this mess.
