So what's the actress Kim Basinger succumbed to? Mmm ?? to be honest, the title of the movie is something that really catches your eye so that your interest and intrigue plan are read in a fundamental way, but simplicity can have its strengths. Anyway, at the end of 'While She Was Out', I felt pretty indifferent. Not the worst (despite the fact that it is engulfed by negatives), but there is easily much better in what is a lukewarm causal fable, but compact and unbalanced in the late evening of a weak commuter housewife stuck in the woods trying to fight for her life after witnessing the death of a police officer who rescued her when she caused a hideous exchange with punks in a commercial parking lot. <br /> <br /> The problem here lies in an imprecise, erratic and predictable material (drawn from a short story), with very variable performances. The fragile scenario was poorly thought out (which is not so good when your plot has a slight structure to suspend), so many miserable inclusions and dubious actions continue to make their way through this long series of events. As for the group of stereotypical idiots (led by an unsuccessful Lukas Hass as a malignant canon) terrorizing Basinger, well, they were less than menacing, but hopelessly without intelligence. Watch Basinger wander through the wet desert with a red toolbox in his hand (do not ask me why?). Killing these wannabe punks one by one became ridiculous because it did not cause tension or emotion? but instead of awkward whims that were absurdly stupid because of the stupidity of the preparation. Basinger's performances are tough, but do not generate much empathy. Craig Sheffer presents herself as her impetuous husband. Strangely, I could not keep my eyes closed on the screen? thinking to myself that the red toolbox is hypnotic (why would she wear it constantly) and what tool would she use to send the next thug ?? his choices were quite disappointing. The transformation of his traumatic situation when things finally returned is rather empty, because of his uncertain tone and the end that could be seen from afar. <br /> <br /> Susan Montford's sober-smooth direction lacks cohesion and energy. as he moves about. However, I liked the opening credits, with its mesmerizing and sullen score (which is the most effective thing in the whole length of the film) and his neat photography. <br /> <br /> No super shakes. Do not ask much of your time, but I would not want to see it again. However, with the inclusion of a Joy Division song, it made me take a few albums to listen to them.
