I think we all start a lot of criticism with, "It could have made a great movie." An ex-mad prisoner, a neat suburban family, his target. Vengeance, retribution, manipulation. The usual pose of Karo syrup by Marty. But unfortunately, somewhere in the Universal Tower, a memorandum arrived: everyone blocks it. <br /> <br /> Nolte speaks only raised eyebrows, Lange blows her way through the cigarettes, Lewis "Ohmagod's!" his way through his scenes, and Bobby D ... well, he's on a completely different magic carpet. Affecting a hybrid of Cajun / Huckleberry Hound hybrid accent, he chews big cigars and laughs at random atrocities such as "Problem Child". And I want you to imagine the emphasis mentioned above. Now, imagine that it casts a rowdy religious rhetoric at the top of the volume as if it had swallowed six Bibles, and here you have De Niro schtick. The most disturbing of all, however, is his most OVERDONE use of "De Niro's face" for which he is so goofy. Eyes wrinkled, brow wrinkled, lips rolled up. Crimany, Bob, you looked like Plastic Man. <br /> <br /> The story apparently began off the screen 14 years earlier, while Nolte was not able to spare De Niro time at bighouse for various assaults. Upon his release, he believes that the fact that Nolte made a false statement against him justifies the terror of him and his relatives. And we are supposed to give a slight pass to the character of De Niro because Nolte has hidden information that could have shortened his sentence. De Niro is one of those criminals who, although guilty of unspeakable acts, believe that his lack of freedom justifies the prosecution of such acts abroad. Mmm-kay. <br /> <br /> He goes after Notle's quasi-mistress (in a scene some of whom will want to turn away), his wife, his daughter, the family dog, you know. Which is one of the weaknesses of Wesley Strick's scenario: total predictability. While every harassment of De Niro becomes more and more macabre, you can call the rest of the action at any time before it happens. Strick should not be totally discredited, as he manages a few moments of fascinating dialogues (De Niro and Lewis's shabby exchange in an empty theater is the best scene in the movie), but most of the time, he's completely out of the ordinary. Scorsese's caricature photographic approach is forced, not to mention Bernard Hermann's reworked and obsolete score (I kept waiting for the werewolf to come up with a genetically enlarged tarantula). <br /> <br /> This brings us to the comic part of the movie. It's involuntarily comical. You know those scenes where something graphically horrible is happening, but you can not help but sneer at the sight of others? You will do it here. Nolte and Lange moaning over infidelity, the flirtation of De Niro's thumb, disguise, and a piece of cooking on a certain substance that must be seen. And Bob is tireless, incessant, CONSTANT, devastating, and does not let the sense of sight hover. He is a crazy defeat of all the "philosophy" he discovered in prison. I wanted him killed to silence him more than to save that annoying family. <br /> <br /> I always hate to borrow ideas from other commentators, but here it is necessary. This is really the version of Freddy Krueger by Scorsese. The way De Niro enjoys, talks, hangs up, resists the pain, even the one who has nothing to do, is the vintage Freddy. After being scalded by a pan of projected water, "Are you trying to offer hot sumpin?" Please, and this is just one example. <br /> <br /> Unless Whether you're a fan of the original 1962 film and want to have the thrill of seeing Balsam, Peck and Mitchum nearly 30 years later (or you want a serious movie that shakes your head experience), avoid a trip to Cape Town .
