First of all, really Kim Basinger? Your wealthy banker leaves you alone in your beautiful home, probably paid in cash, and you can not even put on a decent shirt? I am a woman and, yes, I will come right away - clean something, starting with your hair. And while you're at it, it's Christmas Eve. Buy your children gifts ... or at least a Christmas tree. Do not drive 40 minutes to the busy shopping center, park your car 3 miles away and cry all the way, and just buy some wrapping paper. Also, the next time you decide to leave a bad note to someone, do not sign your name. I refuse to be sorry for Della. Obviously, since Kim Basinger is the executive producer of this masterpiece, she wants you to feel bad for the poor blonde and white woman. We understood. Alec Baldwin is a fool, but seriously, do not model horrible movies from your own life. In addition, you are in your fifties. You certainly would not have 8 year old twins. AND THESE NAMES? Terry and Tammy. One way to let your children grow up with a decent chance to respect themselves. It's also fantastic to hear the characters in the movie call her beautiful all the time or call her "girl" ... obviously, Ms. Basinger had a say in the content of the script. It's also impressive that none of these criminals can defend themselves. Apparently, the magical skills of Della in ninja are impossible to beat. His driving skills are great too. This film is so cliché, it hurts. Wahhhhh! They have badly written your name on the cup of tea. Or your husband has made a hole in the wall, but all you can think of is buying nail polish when you're at the mall, instead of plaster and paint. Or the woman you went to school with bought the teddy you were watching. Boohooo! The fact that she refuses to take off this BRIGHT trench coat running through the woods, screaming and smashing everything in her way, proves what I mean - that woman is a moron. Who thinks to pull out the toolbox from the car, but not his purse, full of identification artifacts such as your ADDRESS. I never wanted the "bad guys" to be as successful as when I watched this movie. And did anyone else catch the "African American" shirt that the black man wore? Oh yes, go back and treat your eyes to perhaps the most racially stereotypical accessory in a movie to date. Do not waste an hour and twenty minutes of your life. Rather, do what Della did not know how to do: take care of your children and maybe brush their hair. This powerful ballad at the end was quite impressive. Singing "I'll be home for Christmas" in the rain, while your bloody arm clings so tightly to your wrapping paper is about as emotional as possible. Thank you Della!
