I really do not want to compare Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear to the classic 1962 film, Cape Fear, but I can not help it. Not only am I a big fan of Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck with Cape Fear, but when Scorsese includes scenes quite from the previous movie (Cady taking the keys, dying), and even using Bernard Herrmann's score all the way through of the film. whole movie, it does not give me a lot of opportunities not to make comparison because I can not help but think of the classic Cape Fear in almost every scene. Comparing the version of Cape Fear of Scorsese to the classic version, the remake appears destroyed by the classic; but even if taking the film alone is always bad. <br /> <br /> Now Scorsese and screenwriter Wesley Strick did not just remake the Cape Fear scene in 1962, they tried to do things differently. Unfortunately, this is one of the problems of the film. Gone is the original Max Cady, crazy and animal, who wants revenge, the Max Cady in the 1991 version is a religious fanatic who wants to "save" Sam Bowden and who is in contact with his feminine side of mine). Sam Bowden is also present in the classic film Cape Fear. Sam found in the remake of 1991 is very awkward, Magoo, suspicious and very unkind. Even Mrs. Bowden is a completely different character - she's crazier than Max Cady! The general story has also changed. Sam did not testify against Cady in court to throw him into jail as in the classic version. Sam is now Cady's former lawyer whom Cady suspects of not doing everything in his power to keep him out. and is ready to "save" him. <br /> <br /> The general story has been changed, and I do not care too much, but the general story is also weak in all areas. Other secondary intrigues have been added to the set, which not only distracts attention from the big picture, but is also poorly written. The film also includes some frankly absurd scenes and is filled with apathetic and even ridiculous lines that you can not take in the least seriously. These aspects take away from the dangerous and exciting nature that the film is supposed to have, but they also have an aid in this department. <br /> <br /> Now, the classic version of Cape Fear has been extraordinarily filmed with brilliant lighting. and a powerful evocative subtlety associated with a brutality devoid of sensuality that gave thrills when the film asked for it and a sense of danger as a whole. However, Scorsese is unable to do this in his film Cape Fear, giving the film a cookie-cutter look in the early 1990s, no sense of danger, no suspenseful scene, and little style (unless one counts the style of fire and the horizon style). Yes, there is horrible violence and efforts have been made to make this Cape Fear bigger than the original, but it ends up being empty and overwhelming, but without fear. <br /> <br /> If all that was not enough, the acting is not great either. Robert De Niro (Oscar nominee for his performance) started out well under the name of Max Cady, but he gradually worsened until he only started laughing instead of scary at the end of the film. The opposite happens for Jessica Lange and her performance of Mrs. Bowden, moving from excessive action to much of the film to a compelling demonstration of fear and despair towards the end. As Sam Bowden, Nick Nolte remains the same throughout the film: beige. Juliette Lewis (who was also nominated for the Oscars) is pretty decent in her role as Danielle Bowden, but she is called to play a really stupid character and it's hard to really like what we see on the screen from her . <br /> <br /> This movie seems to be often considered one of the few good remakes, and I do not understand why. I wanted to like that; I really did - I mean, if there was a remake of Cape Fear, I'd prefer this one too - but I just could not. Containing nothing to be awesome in itself and being crushed by the inevitable comparison with the original Cape Fear, I found that Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear was really a very bad movie. The highlights of the film are Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck in their secondary roles - go figure.
