The ghost of the Vietnam War has haunted the American psyche for thirty years now. If it's not because tens of thousands of American soldiers went to MIA in Vietnam, or the way those who came back were treated, it was because it was the first war that America would have lost. Many men returned home after the war, in the shadow of their skin, and the first group First Blood was able to give a glimpse of their problems as they tried to return to the world, as said saying. First Blood Part II, on the other hand, is little more than a thrilling mess that illustrates how painful America can be, both in victory and defeat. Stallone performs another slow performance as Special Forces commando, while Richard Crenna attempts to maintain the serious actor ratio. What is happening everywhere is in the script, which did not do better when it was called Missing In Action and played the role of Chuck Norris. The little semblance of logic that existed in the original has now disappeared, the filmmakers having decided to paint a big S on the massive chest of Rambo. <br /> <br /> The film takes a little time after the end of First Blood. The film, that is to say that the novel did not allow the possibility of making suites. In this poor follow-up, Rambo was put to work in what appears to be a sort of open pit mine. As he breaks stones and sweats, a prison guard takes him to talk to Colonel Trautman, who informs him that his government is ready to offer early release if he goes on a mission. secret. Rambo, who never fears the hard work of a hard day, accepts and is immediately sent to a secret base in what appears to be Cambodia or Thailand (I forget which one). From there, he is in charge of looking for a camp where are supposed to be detained American MIA and to photograph them. His mission makes it very clear that he must make no attempt to secure their release. Rambo being Rambo, however, has other ideas despite their possible political implications. <br /> <br /> Of course, things go a little wrong when it turns out that people who sponsor Rambo's work have a greater interest in making sure no American MIAs are found. This is the age-old conspiracy theory and we do not excuse ourselves for exploiting the plight of many American families left without sons during the ten years for which the official war in Vietnam was raging. Of course, with the jingoism inherent in American society in the 1980s, they could not help but work in a plot to get the Vietnamese army to bed with what appears to be a single battalion of Russians. Together, the two opponents try to extract all the information they can from Rambo, but they turn against them in an orgy of bullets, arrows, rockets and destruction. The only thing missing is the moment when Rambo drinks from a chalice that looks like a grail and declares himself invincible. <br /> <br /> To be honest, First Blood Part II is a well-photographed action and choreographed show. Hand-to-hand combat with the great Russian commander is one of the few battles in the film to have dramatic tension. The rest is just one example of the main actor and director who conceive of a fantasy to which Americans could appeal. Fortunately, this craze of American action movies über alles soon faded when more introspective and intelligent war films, such as Platoon, began to circumnavigate. Some of the killings presented here are quite creative, despite all the problems. The Vietnamese commander ends on an end that many villains of action movies would envy him. The Russian commander is biting him so dramatically and ridiculously. Only in an action movie of the 1980s could one use a LOI from inside a helicopter. Of course, there were shots of action movies rooted in contradictions of fact, but never so ridiculous before. <br /> <br /> I gave Rambo: First Blood Part one of ten. It's so bad that it's ridiculous, and so ridiculous that it's often funny. You do not even need to have served in the military to know how stupid some action sequences are. The only risk is to try to make a stupid political statement with a heartbreaking subject for the people directly involved. Keep your tongue firmly in your cheek, and this could be visible.
