While the first original blood had its wacky moments, it was at least exciting in places. In Rambo: First Blood, Part II, the focus is on the action of comics. The plausibility is totally rejected; logical dives in the nose; Stallone becomes so impregnable that there can be no doubt that he will succeed in his mission. Just like any other actor of that time who realizes his dream (Invasion USA, Commando, Red Scorpion, for example), Rambo: First Blood, Part II cancels his own opportunities for real excitement by presenting a hero too invulnerable. If you know from the start that Rambo will eliminate hundreds of enemy soldiers, what remains to be moved? <br /> <br /> Imprisoned after the events of the first film, John J Rambo (Sylvester Stallone) is offered a pardon if he takes part in a secret operation in the Far East. We are in 1985 and a mission is being organized to determine if there are American prisoners of war trapped in the Vietnamese jungle. Rambo is encouraged to take the job by his former mentor, Colonel Trautman (Richard Crenna), but the mission is actually the brainchild of a government team led by Marshall Murdock (Charles Napier). Rambo's job is simply to go to a prison camp in the jungle and check if it contains American prisoners of war? if not, he must go to a helicopter; if so, he must obtain photographic proof of their existence in order to be rescued at a later date. A local soldier woman, the beautiful and resourceful Co Bao (Julia Nickson) helps her on her quest. Indeed, Rambo discovers that there are prisoners of war in the camp, but he exceeds his orders by saving one of them. When he arrives at the rendezvous point, the rescue helicopter abandons him on the orders of Murdock who, it seems, does not really want to find prisoners of war because of its political and military implications. Rambo is captured by the enemy and tortured, but after an explosive escape, he sets out to free the prisoners of war and take revenge on the treacherous Murdock. <br /> <br /> The few good points of the film come from Jack Cardiff's film photography, the exhilarating score of Jerry Goldsmith, and the sheer professionalism of the stunt team in making various antics of action. Beyond these meager pickings, the film is a failure. The actors are reduced to a macho posture, the plot sounds wrong, the action sequences are soulless and without suspense, the dialogue is absurd ?? even the violence becomes insensibly predictable. At the time of his release, America was under the presidency of Ronald Reagan, a man with simplistic and almost hysterical anticommunist sentiments. For this reason, the contemporary audience beat this shooting festival as if it were the greatest film of all time, turning it into an unhoped-for box office success. Fortunately, the times have changed? Nowadays, we can consider this as a simple action movie, with a ridiculously high body count, a ridiculously stupid policy and a ridiculous hero.
