By law, there should never have been a "First Blood Part II". The original scenario of "First Blood" had caused John Rambo's suicide at the end of the film, but it was modified to allow him to live, not because the producers wanted to make a sequel, but because the spectators had found the original end too depressing. Nevertheless, it was obvious that someone thought that the character was too good to be lost, because he had become the hero of two other films in the eighties, to which was added the fourth installment recently published. <br /> <br /> The official title of this movie was "Rambo: First Blood Part II", but it is more commonly called simply "Rambo". It starts with the main character in prison, where he probably expels the crimes he committed in "First Blood", although this is never explicit. His former commander, Colonel Trautman, took him out of prison on a secret mission. Rambo is to return to Vietnam to investigate reports that US prisoners of war are still being held captive by the communist regime. He was given strict instructions not to try to save prisoners or engage the enemy; It's just a fact-finding mission. <br /> <br /> What Rambo does not realize is that he is being created, not by Trautman, portrayed as brave, honorable and incorruptible, but by the organizer. of the mission, a military bureaucrat named Murdock. Murdock intends the mission to prove that there are no American prisoners in Vietnam, partly because it will improve relations between the US and Vietnamese governments, partly because it will make his life easier. Unfortunately for Murdock, Rambo discovers that not only Americans are still detained, but also in hellish conditions. Of course, he is far too hero to be able to abandon them and try to save them. The rest of the film is more or less a long battle between Rambo and some allies (including a beautiful Vietnamese girl) and the evil soldiers and their Russian allies. Of course, most of the evil sponsorships ended up being dead, although I was surprised to learn from your "trivia" section that the total number of deaths was as low as 67. Sometimes it seemed like Rambo was trying to eliminate everyone. Vietnamese Army. <br /> <br /> The tone of this film is very different from the first one. In "First Blood", Rambo was unquestionably a criminal, although his responsibility for his crimes was mitigated by severe provocation and mental instability. In "Rambo", he is a true American hero. A few years earlier, the director, George Pan Cosmatos, had directed "The Cassandra Crossing", a biased propaganda of anti-American leftist propaganda. Cosmatos, however, was nothing but versatile, and "Rambo" proves that he could also turn to pro-American right-wing propaganda. The only common point of both films is that they are ridiculously bad. <br /> <br /> "First Blood" had its flaws, but it also had its virtues. His position that the anti-war movement was partly responsible for the problems faced by Vietnamese veterinarians in rehabilitating themselves to civilian life was controversial, but at least the film sought to make a statement about the war, social attitudes to war, and the roots of violence in society. "Rambo", on the other hand, has very few virtues, except that the action sequences are enough to please those who like this kind of thing. This is essentially a kind of fantasy of jingoism vengeance for Americans who are still struggling with the Vietnam War. Rambo starts the war all by himself and this time, the camp on the right wins. Take it, Charlie Cong! <br /> <br /> At this point, without a doubt, admirers of the film (and there seems to be a lot - more than 2,000 voters have already awarded him ten stars) will have concluded that I am a pinko loving as a liberal. Far from there. In fact, I have always despised Communism as a pernicious ideology. What I do not like in the film is not his politics, but his lack of subtlety and his suggestion that the solution to all problems, including ideological differences, is to move forward with all the guns and try to kill as many people as possible. In no way does he attempt to understand the political complexities of Southeast Asia or why everyone in the region was not pro-American. In spite of all its anticommunism, the film is the kind of stupid propaganda that the Communists were very good at producing themselves - except that they attributed all the problems of the world to capitalism, imperialism, revisionism or any other ism. that they had taken an aversion to. Compared to "Rambo", "The Green Berets" was a centerpiece of political analysis. 3/10
