FIRST BLOOD PART II, ​​an outrageous action adventure, seemed to capture the mood of the United States when it was released in the mid-1980s, while right-wing Reaganism and virulent anti-red sentiments were not finished yet. Although the emergence of a certain Mikhail Gorbachev in the heart of the "Empire of Evil" in Moscow soon makes this type of film superfluous, even Reagan himself finally admitted this truism. <br /> <br /> In this sense, we can be very grateful to "Gorby", not for his disarmament treaties with the United States, nor for his "glasnost" policy, nor even for his support for the democracy restored in Eastern European countries in the backyard of the former Soviet Union. No, it's the last The first RAMBO film was not perfect, although at least it was a thriller of action slightly literate and adequate with a story not too bad.In this sequel, any sense of the farthest conviction is immediately dropped for silly, sensel A plot and an incident in which Rambo, alone, supports very many Vietnamese and Russian stereotyped troops to save American prisoners of war ten years after the end of the conflict, the Americans being on the side of the losers. <br /> <br /> If the film was a huge hit at the box office, it's letting many Americans sink into the dream: they may have lost the war, but there is still work to be done and ridiculous comic book exploits with a hero like a red robot at sight, with as much material as possible, filled with such whimsical ideals. <br /> <br /> It could have been fun at the level of SUPERMAN / SPIDERMAN, but unfortunately everything is played absolutely right. But that's it. not to say that there is no humor in the film, it is unfortunately almost completely unintentional.The action scenes, although technically sufficient, never include any conviction or belief, because they are still placed in The context is incredible, namely that our hero Rambo is still unscathed (except for a few cuts and bruises here and there) despite tons of explosives, grenades, gunshots, etc. who surround him. <br /> <br /> In the midst of chaos, what's on the screen includes the craziest clichés and banalities.Stallone, who co-wrote the screenplay with James Cameron (far removed from the exciting TERMINATOR from the previous year), seems to have deliberately given the Rambo a character who speaks little English understandably, and makes only stupid grunts, almost as if he had invented his own brand of patois understandable for himself. colleague Cameron was thinking of the Terminator again with so little communication for the main character! In this sense, Rambo seems even less human than the Terminator! The rest of the cast is not doing better with good actors such as Charles Napier and Richard Crenna doing their best with the worn-out dialogue, and Steven Berkoff again chanted the role with another one of his Rogue Russian KGB / Red Army roles. The excessive gambling of Berkoff is slightly pleasant, but not threatening. How is it that Sly managed to survive Berkoff's electric shock torture to kill even more of those morons of Red Commie? Well, the credibility is never the strong point of this film. It is about a fantastic imaginary comparable to THE WIZARD OF OZ. Unless it was imagined, it was an immortal classic. a very depressing, even offensive, nice classic. And as for Sly's culminating speech ..., rather hypocritical after the massacre of all these people, huh? By the way, the same year he also directed ROCKY IV .......... <br /> <br /> NOTE: 3 out of 10.
