A seemingly endless movie that really deserves a zero rating. The principle seems quite simple: Yentl, a girl interested in studying the Talmud, wants to go to school. But only boys are allowed to study. So, after the death of her father, she decides to disguise herself as a boy. She does so and becomes an intimate friend with Avigdor, who has to marry a beautiful woman named Hadass. Hadass's family learns that Avigdor's brother committed suicide and the marriage is canceled. Yentl, now called Anschel, is then chosen to marry Hadass. She does it but it's never consumed. Yentl / Anschel and Avigdor leave for a few days and Yentl / Anschel reveals his secret. The film ends with the return of Avigdor (and the wedding?) From Hadass, and Yentl's departure to America to continue her studies, but she will have to continue to disguise it. <br /> <br /> The plot above seems interesting at first for a movie of more than 2 hours, but several things ruin it. For starters, there is the constant CHANT. (I can already hear the critics yelling.) Yes, I know it's a musical, so there are a lot of songs and dance numbers. But the film could have been improved if it had been made and played without them. The songs become tedious after a while and there is not as much dance as you would expect. Many songs are forgettable, without true lyrics, and those that have any meaning could easily have been replaced by a voiceover. Only one song stands out from the rest, "Dad can you hear me". It is obvious that most of the other people were deliberately placed so that Streisand could simply have a reason to show his vocal abilities every five to ten minutes. It is very likely that anyone who will see this film will already know in what way she is a superb singer and actress, so the songs are really not necessary. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Streisand's makeup, visible in his scenes as a man (lipstick, reinforced eyelashes and blushing marks are obvious) prevents the public from believing in Yentl / Anschel she is serious and persuades her new friends, colleagues and even Hadass to believe she is a man. Yet we are asked and we expect to believe that. There seems to be a contradiction, as her character speaks, or rather sings, saying that she does not think she can get away with it, but that she is surprised that everyone seems to be fooled because she wears men's clothes. This means that we must then believe that the other characters are so naive that they can not see other differences, such as his actions, which are clear gifts. Facial differences alone can not be included, as other characters in the movie mention that some of their male relatives or friends did not have a beard or other facial hair. Nevertheless, in the 1900s, if a woman was dressed as a man but wore as much makeup as the character of Streisand and still tried to pretend to be a man only because she wore men's clothes, it would have been judged unacceptable and would have outraged. It is likely that she will be forced to leave the city, even the country. Therefore, the "female" makeup on Streisand does not lend to the credibility of the character and only weaken the plot. If it had been applied only to make Streisand look better, it should have been scrapped. <br /> <br /> Third, when Yentl / Anschel herself reveals who she is really towards the end, we are then asked to believe that the other characters are not as smart as those of Streisand and this, only when they learn the "truth". they become a little wiser. Now, it is becoming increasingly clear that the entire plot is so difficult to obtain that it is only a tailor-made vehicle that Streisand can fuel. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are those who are fans of Streisand. who will not find fault with this film, its plot or the songs. For those whom I respectfully disagree. Although she has excellent voice and acting skills, I'm not a fan of her singing style. However, I enjoyed a lot of its other features, including musicals. There are even some of her songs that I like, so I'm not a "hater" and I do not intend to hit her. I wrote this criticism from an honest point of view, from someone who did his best to watch this film - many times, even - and who noted the problems inside. If Streisand wanted to create a big, even credible film, she could have done it here without showing her the need to show and prove how talented, beautiful and intelligent she was at almost every turn. This film only harms his abilities, make him seem absorbed and make the film a festival of laughter unbecoming his fans or his audience.
