Michael Williams, who works for the BBC, finds an impressive Italian image that mingles with the topic of his current assignment titled DIABOLICAL ART: A DOCUMENTARY. But since the mysterious death of his wife, his daughter Emily has been emotionally disturbed. He goes to Spoleto, where the problematic image is, with her and her nanny, Jill. And there is a countess, who is also a clairvoyant, and she informs him that the photo was made the evening when a young witch named Emilia was executed. Michael does not believe his story, but after that, Emily has a hysterical spasm and Jill is killed ... This Italian film is, of course, influenced almost innocently by THE EXORCIST, but this one is much cheaper, much simpler , and meaning, much dirtier. First of all, it must be said that this film is full of confusion. For example, history shows that Emily is a reincarnation of Emilia. But when Emily sees her in flashbacks, she sees it exclusively from the point of view of the third person. But if she is Emilia's reincarnation, she should and must see the past only from Emilia's point of view. The confusions of this type, which are numerous in the film, are almost exclusively based on a problematic fact that the film is too cowardly, rather than ambiguous, to specify its own quasi-Freudian theme, namely the one-sided incestuous desire. of a pre-teenager. . To make matters worse, this movie also has a characteristic problem (if not confusion); each character is too naive and helpless to be a realistic and / or credible human being. As for Emily (or Emilia), she is after all a child and we can say that it is difficult to blame her mainly for her naivety and helplessness. (And according to Freudian theory, every girl wants to have her father's child in her own way.In this sense, Emily is not exclusively pathological, only her way of excluding other women from love his father is pathologically pathological, but, as I have already mentioned, this film is in itself too cowardly to be Freudian.) The problem is that the adult characters are as childish, naive, and helpless as Emily. And because of this characteristic weakness, even the psychic who can see almost anything can not do anything concrete, and because of the same weakness, the story itself of the film ends badly. Plus, the special effects of this movie are incredibly cheap and laughable. Although Stelvio Cipriani's music is remarkably beautiful (in fact, this one is so good that it seems worth it to be alone), the film as a whole is nothing but a B movie cheap that can disappoint even the 1970s - Italian horror - moviegoers.
