An MTV-style film crew made up of American television producer Zack Zardine (Matt Borlenghi), his cameraman, Australian camera Cecily (Kate Fisher) and two surfers named Bog Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West) ) arrive Belle Isle somewhere, we do not know where. The team plans to make a presentation on "Bloodsurfing", which seems to be the latest craze for extreme sports. Surfers throw their bait into the sea and cut themselves to attract sharks, just to see if they can surf without being eaten. Once there, they are greeted by Sonny Lofranco (Cris Vertido) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa). Their search for the ideal place leads them into the infiltrated waters of Lilac-Cay sharks. Sonny, Melba and their daughter Lemmya (Maureen Larrazabal) take them in their boat. Shortly after his arrival and having already shot images of "surf blood", Sonny, Melba and Lemmya are all killed by a salt marine crocodile of thirty meters, qualified "owner" of the island. The boat is sunk. Zack, Cecily, Bog and Jeremy seem stuck on the island until the arrival of a rescue team. However, after meeting with some, well, I do not really know what they are. Pirates? Drug smugglers? Revolutionaries? Big ugly people who do not like being with other people? Who knows? And more importantly, who cares? I'm not sure. Anyway, after escaping from these guys who look like pirates, they are recovered just off the coast of the island by Captain John Dirks (Duncan Regehr) and his daughter Arty (Taryn Reif in as long as Tara Reif). The film crew thinks they have been saved. Little do they know that the crocodile and Captain Dirks go back very far and that he has an account to settle and that four members of a film crew will not stop him. Captain Dirks returns to Lilo-Cay for a final confrontation with the giant man-eating crocodile. <br /> <br /> Directed by James D.R. Hickox is a horrible film, but it's still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers Crocodile (2000). Everything in this film is nil. The scenario of Sam Bernard and Robert L.Levy is terrible, extremely slow, because the crocodile is neither seen nor mentioned before 30 minutes. At that time, I became seriously bored and annoyed by the hideous and unpleasant characters devised by Bernard and Sampling. The whole movie is also very frustrating and predictable. In the first 10 minutes anyone who is familiar with the stereotypes of horror movies and the characters in the reserve can guess who dies and who will survive. The effects of crocodile are terrible and seem to be repeated again and again, there is a small puppet head that obviously has an arm blocked inside, controlling its movements when splashing water become huge! CGI crocodile shots are simply embarrassing to watch. There is no gore apart when a character is bitten in two, which is achieved by using CGI to numerically remove the legs of the actors, again, it looks terrible. There is also a brief scene where a person is impaled on wooden spikes when he sets a trap. There is a reasonable amount of nudity and sex, plus actresses are nice and easy to watch. There is also a fundamental continuity and logical errors in the film, in a sequence, Cecily films '' Bloodsurfing '' of Bog and Jeremy, but given the angle and the distance at which she is, it would be physically impossible to to get the same sequence of sharks and surfers time, and this is surely the goal of his shot? When Dirks manages to harpoon the crocodile, the angle of the thread changes dramatically between shots. In one blow, the angle of the line seems to come from the sky, in the shot immediately after, the angle is completely different and it seems that the line comes from below the surface of the water whereas in reality the harpoon is attached to the back of the boat and the line must be almost level with the surface. I could go on, like why does the crocodile jump from the edge of a cliff if it's as smart as this movie tries to do? But I would probably exceed the 1,000 word limit if I listed everything that was wrong with this movie, so I will not do it. I hated this movie, but I'm rather scared it's still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers' effort on a giant crocodile movie. Certainly one to avoid.
