Three times after, I still do not know what the film is about because, quite honestly, it did not attract any real interest. But here it is: a group of people too old to be teenagers Teen actors dressed in the horrible fashion of the 1980s (do we also look?) Have decided that it would be a very good idea to board a boat motor and go to visit the abandoned Alcatraz. after one of them has nightmares of people massacred in various horrible ways who manage to rip off POLTERGEIST, THE EVIL DEAD, and Freddy Kreuger all at once. The moron imagines himself roasted over an open fire with a deformed monster cutting strips of netting. Fortunately, it was just a dream or it could have hurt, and fortunately, his dreams had a decent budget for special effects. Mine are usually pretty lame: girls, spaceship models, explode things with a bazooka, etc. <br /> <br /> Once on the island of Alcatraz, they find themselves in a film Slasher and meet Tony Basil, who can not help but do some couple dances during his dances and he had his own lighting team (equipped with a smoke machine for the light look of the 1980s infused with smoke, which I kind of miss). And it reminded me that Mrs. Basil had helped choreographer David Byrne of the Talking Heads for some of his videos and performances. Of course, this has absolutely nothing to do with the film, but kept me in mind, because the film posed very few concerns. This happens in some way and you can watch or continue working on your page tag on the TV on the side. But as the movie is not really interesting, you will continue to decide to finish one last thing instead of wasting time, the film will end and you will wonder what you missed every time you realize that the credits end begins. to ride again, damn it ... <br /> <br /> * SOME * Horror films for teenagers can survive such a special viewing: GHOSTHOUSE, CHOPPING MALL by Umberto Lenzi & Killbots, the difficult one to Ignore -The top SLEEPAWAY CAMP comes to mind. These are movies that, whether they like it or not, require your attention and usually bear fruit with a good gore or T & A, and typing errors in your work as proof that you are watching TV instead of your own. keyboard. I'm sure HELL ISLAND (as the title of the British version I've been backing up) actually has good things, but frankly, I do not care. And nothing is more boring than meeting an art of all kinds that does not inspire admiration, a decent dislike or even a good old honest hatred for him. The film just loses 80 minutes of its time and never really accomplish anything to be a distraction sometimes despite all my efforts to try to give it a chance, but no dice. <br /> <br /> There are staggered production sets in progress, the use of lighting is sometimes striking, and the occasional overflow of chaos is likely to interest fans of Teen Horror of the 1980s. Be warned for the rest of you: you will wonder if you dressed like that in 1987, and the answer is probably more hideous than anything on the screen. Try to look at it as a free rental if possible so that, if you are disappointed, you are not trapped: movies like this occupy a valuable place on a shelf that is often a staple nowadays, as the world comes to an end all ...
