Sensational. I have rarely felt the need to comment on movies lately, but this one in particular prays to be beaten. Let's start at the beginning. First, writer-director Susan Montford puts Kim Basinger in the role of a tired victim, with the necessary violent husband and a banal life in the suburbs. Let's say now that almost all the content of this dull film is completely banal and banal. The pathetic attempt of Montford on a symbolic involving a starless Christmas tree is laughable. <br /> <br /> When she goes out to pick up wrapping paper for Christmas, a dark and disturbing night, Della is furious that someone is putting her car to the busiest shopping night of the year. She decides to do something about it, so she leaves a bad note on the windshield of the car. The next fifteen minutes of the film are devoted to Della who walks aimlessly in the mall. When she finally arrives at her car, the thugs confront her about the note, a policeman is killed and she runs, they catch her and she walks away, and they pursue her again, and so on. Everything is completely predictable and without implication. The thugs are neither scary nor threatening, and they are all eliminated one by one in all the usual ways. <br /> <br /> This is one of those movies in which all the action depends on the character of the stupid characters as you can imagine. Why do not the bad guys just kill her instead of waiting for her to hit them with a tire iron? And once, just once, in a film like this, should the leader of the band die last? What does it matter if all are chosen one by one when they are all equally incompetent? Much of the film is simply Lukas Haas running in the woods shouting "Della !!!" And the inclusion of Joy Division in the soundtrack of this miserable film is insulting. <br /> <br /> The part that really made me run for my computer keyboard was when Della, exhausted and hurt, shouted to heaven "Where are you, my God?" Where was God when this movie was shot? I give him a 2 only for the quality of his cinematography and lighting, and it is not as serious as "BTK Killer", the ultimate marker to judge any terrible movie. Cheers!
