The late eighties witnessed an inexplicable succession of supernatural horror films in mournful prison settings. Renny Harlin's "Prison", superbly agitated and sullen, rolled the haunted hoosegow ball; he was immediately followed by "The Chair", John Saxon's pleasantly trashy "House of Death", the psycho-passable "Destroyer" picture, and this hideously limp'n'lethargic exercise in a desperately comatose boredom. <br /> <br /> Your usual annoying collection of horribly unsympathetic chowder heads from college students led by a tormented and thornless twerp, Alex (Nicholas Celozzi, extremely unattractive), travels to the island of 'Alcatraz to investigate the strange circumstances surrounding sudden death and macabre. the next rock star Sammy Mitchell (played sweetly by Toni Basil of the celebrity "Hey Micky"). Alex's brother becomes possessed by the demonic spirit of a cannibal cannibal cavalry commander from the United States and is pursuing the expected killing, forcing Falcon Alex to overcome his passivity and take a stand against this ghoulish ghost. <br /> <br /> Although accurately photographed by Nicholas Von Sternberg, with some decent gore decors and a pretty scary atmosphere (the film was filmed in the dark, rusty and dilapidated ruins of 'Alcatraz', 'the slaughterhouse rock' is none the less one that does not cut it off as a solid and effective feature of dread. This is largely due to the uniformly odious and inimitable smartaleck college characters, a boring and mischievous group whose comic and iniquitous antics are more irritating than amusing. The scene, which comes from a remarkably disinterested cast, hurts even more, with its only Playboy playmate and undeniable pie of the cute blonde Hope Marie Carlton who makes a super usurpation of Linnea Quigley under the pseudonym of the nympho excited. The direction of Dimitri Logothetis displays a minimum of flashy visual style, but the tone is unevenly balanced between a serious sinister and a stupidity, a foolishly sophomoric stupidity and, what is more prejudicial, the sloppy scenario, incoherent, excessively complicated and finally enough confusing of its development. the internal logic needed to make this story farfetched, even at a plausible distance. In other words, this stinker unfortunately manages to spend only 90 minutes to an extremely long prison term.
