Sorcery / Sorcery / The Casa 4 / and as you want to call it. How about ... Crud. <br /> <br /> A gathering of people in a seaside resort on Massachusetts Island is besieged by the powers of the dark magic of a devilish witch killing each individual by cruel and torturing methods. Photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff) takes photos for Linda (Catherine Hickland, whose voice and behavior resemble EE-YOR of the cartoon Winnie the Poo), a virgin who studies witchcraft on the island without permission. Rose Brooks (Annie Ross, an incredibly rude bitch) is interested in buying the resort and, with her husband Freddie (Robert Champagne, who always looks at other women much younger than him), her pregnant daughter Jane ( Linda Blair) and her grandson Tommy (Michael Manchester, who has always looked bored, probably wishing to watch Sesame Street instead of playing the main role in this garbage), goes by boat to the resort taking advantage of an insight into the property by the son of real estate agent Tony Giordano, Jerry (Rick Farnsworth), obviously, a puppy of the craft gets wet feet. Architect Leslie (Leslie Cumming, whose character is a nympho) could also help Rose remodel the complex. The captain of the boat is killed by The Lady in Black (Hildegard Knef, wearing her makeup and a thickened lipstick) and a storm is brewing. The boat leaves alone (guided by the invisible power of The Lady in Black, I guess) with everyone stuck in the decrepit ski resort, which badly needs repairs. Most victims, before meeting their sinister destiny, go through a type of red vortex whose vortex leads to another dimension (maybe a type of hell or something like that) where they are tortured by these demons dressed in tattered clothes with sullen faces. A victim has his mouth sown before being suspended upside down in a fireplace, roasted while the others light the chimney. A poor soul is tortured by hard twists of rope wrapped tightly around its flesh before being found hanging from the snout of a swordfish penetrating his neck. A boy suffocates slowly as his veins swell (... and bleed) and the blood vessels of the neck burst and burst on Hasselhoff's face! A boy is crucified with nails driven into his hands before being suspended upside down on an open flame. Blair's pregnant victim is possessed, her hair standing on end, in the voice of another woman. One of them is raped by this demonic man with his mouth "sick" while infernal hobos stand nearby to applaud happily. The film, despite its excesses, is mostly a dull fodder for those who really want to see the lowest point of the Hasselhoff and Blair career, who deserve better than that. Almost unbearable at times, building little or no suspense. Clumsy execution of death sequences that look cheap and laughable. Of course, some gore is acceptable, but most of the movie shows victims after they've read the ringtone. We are lucky to see pregnant women (who look exactly like stunt men in suits with bad wigs) jumping through the three-story window. Oh, and the thoughtful face of The Lady in Black often appears on inanimate objects so that the characters can see it. Tommy has a small Sesame Street recorder that records the gibberish vocals of The Lady in Black, obviously used for later. For some reason, The Lady in Black likes to visit little Tommy. He's not afraid of her at all, because Tommy is too bored to show an expression on his face, let alone fear. Do I need to say more? This one is a real stinker. Ugh.
