There are many different versions of it, so make sure you can locate one of the unclassified copies, otherwise it may run out of gore and a nudity scene. Some versions also omit most opening sequences and other bits here and there. The cup I saw has the title on the screen WITCHCRAFT: EVIL ENCOUNTERS and was published by Shriek Show, which retains the original American title WITCHERY for the DVD release. It's a nice impression and seems to have all the footage, but has some cropping / aspect issues. In Italy, it was published under the name LA CASA 4 (WITCHCRAFT). The first two films of LA CASA were in fact the first two films of EVIL DEAD (renamed) and the third film of LA CASA was another film from the same production company (Filmirage), which is best known here in America under the GHOSTHOUSE name. To make things even more confusing, WITCHERY has also been published elsewhere under the name GHOSTHOUSE 2. Except in Germany, where GHOSTHOUSE 2 is actually THE OGRE: DEMONS 3. OK, I better shut up now. I'm starting to lose myself! <br /> <br /> Whatever the title, it's a very successful horror effort. Some are good, some are not. In fact, I was in this movie for about the first half, but towards the end it became a crazy mess. A large, vacant hotel on an island about 50 miles from Boston is the setting, with several people chosen by a German-speaking witch (Hildegard Knef). Photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff), who wants to capture "Witch Light", and his virginal girlfriend writer (Leslie Cumming), who studies witchcraft, screw up at the hotel without permission. Next is real estate agent Jerry (Rick Farnsworth), who exposes the property to potential buyers, Rose (Annie Ross) and Freddie (Robert Champagne) Brooks. The children are also accompanied. Jane (Linda Blair), her pregnant daughter and very young son, Tommy (Michael Manchester), as well as the over-exploited architect, Linda Sullivan (Catherine Hickland - Hasselhoff's wife at the time). Once everyone is inside, his driver is killed and the boat disappears. They find themselves trapped and at the mercy of the "Lady in black". <br /> <br /> So what can you expect to find here? Many inconveniences! One of the characters has their lips sewn, then hangs upside down in the fireplace and accidentally grills slowly through the rest of the cast. There is also a crucifixion, witches devouring a dead baby, a swordfish in the head, a person burned, a possession, a tape recorder from Sesame Street, the virgin being raped by a demon, a bulging guy and exploding through a voodoo doll and some other stuff. From a technical point of view, it's a nice film with a very good cinematography, a good score and good effects gores. The hotel / island setting is also very nice. Blair (especially at the end) and Ross seem to be having fun and Knef is awesome as an evil witch. Even if people like to ridicule Hasselhoff these days, he is not bad either in his role. <br /> <br /> However, despite all the gore, the film seems a little dull and it becomes monotonous after about an hour. . Supernatural themes are confusing and confusing. When the characters are dragged into the witches' den to be tortured and murdered, the filmmakers unwisely decided to superimpose the delirious actors to a silly looking red spiral vortex effect that looks extremely old-fashioned. And the witch's lair is vacant and cheaply designed with unfinished wood. And although most of the actors are at least decent, some of the shows (especially the actress who plays the role of Hasselhoff's girlfriend and the kid) are so painful that they constantly distract.
