Della Myers (Kim Basinger) is a high-class housewife who lives in a private condominium in the suburbs with her twin children and abusive husband Kenneth (Craig Sheffer). Della gives her full attention to the twins, neglecting their home and her appearance and upsetting Kenneth. On Christmas Eve, she goes to the local mall at night to buy wrapping paper for gifts, and she finds no parking space available. When she sees an old car parked in two places, she leaves a message to the owner, calling him "selfish". At the closing of the shopping center, Della's car is blocked by the driver of the old car and is threatened by four punks ?? Chuckie (Lukas Haas), African-American Huey (Jamie Starr), Sino-American Vingh (Leonard Wu) and Latin Tomás (Luis Chávez). When the mall security guard protects her, he is shot in the head by Chuckie. Della then accelerates his car to try to escape the criminals. However, she collides with her truck near a forest while she is being chased by the gang. She takes the toolbox and hides in the wood, fighting the gang to survive. <br /> <br /> A few days ago, I saw the trailer for "While She Was Out" and I could not wait to watch the DVD. . Unfortunately, the trailer is better than the movie and I am totally disappointed with this dull and improbable collection of shots. Della Myers is portrayed as an insecure and careless housewife and non-existent as a wife; motherhood is her only interest in her family concept. She is pursued by four major criminals but she defeats them with a toolbox that seems to be the Batman's utility belt. Therefore, the plot is so absurd that irritates. The gang of criminals is formed by the favorite cliché of American films, with an African-American, a Sino-American and a Latin as well as an American lord to be politically correct. Kim Basinger has a decent acting game, but their children are too young for a woman of fifty-five. My vote is four. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Enquanto Ela Está Fora" ("During his absence")
