Let's leave the politically correct aside and look at this in the many sexual comedies that appeared in the 1980s, because I do not think it's better or worse than the others. Unless you're a religious lover or a stuck woman, you can probably watch such a stupid movie without getting upset about the content, and I've had a totally innocuous feeling about it before and after watching it. Story takes place in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where a rich 15-year-old named Phillip "Philly" Fillmore (Eric Brown) is naturally excited and starts spying on the charming maid who has just started working for his father. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Nicole Mallow (Sylvia Kristel) is friendly with Philly but things get warmer when her father goes on a business trip and she starts to flirt with it's in her mind she invites her to her room to watch her undress. Philly is clumsy and does not know how to react at first, but he goes quickly and has sex, but to his horror, it seems that Nicole died of a heart attack! With the help of the sordid driver Lester Lewis (Howard Hesseman), they apparently buried his body but a word from a blackmailer appears and Philly must withdraw $ 10,000 from his father's safe. Philly is shocked when Nicole introduces herself and learns that this is an extortion scheme put in place by Lester and that she only accepted it because she is an illegal alien and if she did not do so what had been said to her, Lester would have called her the immigration office. Together, they try to recover his father's money before he returns home and they seek the help of Jack (Ed Begley Jr.), who is a tennis instructor but claims to be a cop to scare Lester. <br /> <br /> This This little comedy cost less than $ 3 million, but it has brought in more than $ 50 million worldwide and made it one of the least likely movies to experience such success, which makes me wonder why this movie was a success. kind. Director Alan Myerson can boast of having made a blockbuster film, but the truth is that he has never really made a film career, even though he has had a lot of success on television. So ... why did it become so successful? I think it may be because of Kristel and before you decide I'm crazy, listen to my reasoning. Kristel was an international star because of her basic films, so the only reason was to make many free-spirited adults who were curious to see her in an American film that was going to be released at large scale. With that, the same adults would also be nostalgic for their own youth and the fantasy of learning how to make love by a pretty old woman who brings a much younger audience, who is probably still very inexperienced and curious about the film . Anyway, that's my thought and if someone has another reason, I'd like to hear it, but back to the movie itself, it's obvious (and very sad) that a movie like this one could probably never be redone (except in Europe) because of the religious right and the other prude monsters who simply can not accept the fact that a teenager to be fucked will not hurt him. In fact, it is a precious service that ALL BOYS are asking them to come! The film itself is clumsy and Kristel's double body is all too obvious in some scenes, especially if you take note of the difference between their nipples. The story (though intriguing in its basic form) is neither very funny nor revealing, so it was left to ogle the nude scenes that are really the norm for the genre.
