This film featured a totally forgotten star of the 1930s, Jack Pearl (the "Baron Munchausen" of the radio) and Jimmy Durante. However, 7-1 / 2 decades later, it is featured as a film of The Three Stooges, as they are the only ones in the movie that the average person would recognize today. Film buffs will also recognize the wonderful Edna May Oliver, as well as Zazu Pitts. <br /> <br /> Regarding the Stooges, this is a film shot from there very early - before MGM knows what to do with the film crew. At this point, they were known as "Ted Healy and his Stooges" because Healy was the leading man. Luckily for the Stooges, they quickly left this mean and unskilled man (read it - you'll see what I mean) and the rest is history. In less than a year, they made some very successful short films for Columbia and MGM executives were quick to blame for losing the team. This kind of thing was commonplace at MGM, a big studio that did not know what to do with comedy (like the movies of Buster Keaton, Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello and others). In fact, until their departure for Columbia, MGM entrusted them with a wide variety of bizarre cinematic roles, including that of interpreting Clark Gable and Joan Crawford in DANCING LADY. And curiously, in this film, they did not act as a team - they just played various minor roles, such as Larry at the piano! <br /> <br /> This film begins with Pearl and Durante lost in the African Jungle. When they are rescued and brought home, any sense of structure of the film falls apart and the film becomes almost a variety show, punctuated with scenes with tracks here and there. As for Pearl, I could really understand why he had never made his transition to film because he had the personality of a slug (but a little less welcome). As for Durante, I never knew what the public saw in him - at least with regard to his films - he was strong and ... strong! It seems he took the time to help MGM ruin Buster Keaton's career to make this film. Together, Pearl and Durante use many routines with verbal humor (?) And Vaudeville style that tend to fall flat. <br /> <br /> In this film, the Stooges did not have good chemistry yet. Seeing Healy do the work that Moe did in their subsequent films is strange. What they did in the movie was pretty good, but as all the segments were short, they came and went from the camera too fast to really get into the routine. Stooges fans could be very frustrated by this situation, although ferocious fans may want to see it to complete their goal of always seeing everything Stooge - even the rotten films of Joe DeRita and Joe Besser (oh, and do they have badly after the death of Shemp and Curly). <br /> <br /> Overall, the film is rather dull and disappointing. However, there are some interesting things to look for in the mess. Around 13 minutes you will see a brief scene where a tour guide in a bus sings. Look, because it's Walter Brennan in a role you probably never expect! Another unusual thing to look for in the movie is the song "Clean as a Whistle" which begins about 22 minutes after the beginning of the movie. This song and dance number is clearly an example of a so-called "pre-code" scene that would never have been allowed in the movies after 1934 (when the production code was reinforced). Despite the word "Clean" in the title, it's a very moving number with naked women showing a lot of flesh - enough to stimulate, but not enough to really show anything! This is quite shocking given today, although such excesses are quite common in the early 1930s. Finally, in the 63rd minute, Jimmy Durante relativized the race relations of a few decades. See the movie, you'll see I mean!
