Well, everything went as planned: visual overload, but nothing else was added to the original. What surprised me though was that the screenplay was drastically altered from the 1968 film. At first it aroused my interest, but what ended up surprising was that the new twists ( a) were apparently invented to present us with a typical Hollywood-style product and (b) made the whole scenario unlikely! The story of 1968 was breathtaking and did not involve any storms or fakes of this kind: it simply indicated that when you return home after a long trip, things may have changed a little. Earth could have fallen into the hands of great apes, for example. As in many "old" movies, its main ingredient was suspense (heck, does anyone understand this word nowadays?). In this Burton film, we tried to transform everything into an action film, but at what price? Admittedly, the images are overwhelming and a lot of time and money has been invested in designing a complete monkey culture (even the monkey music!), But what's wrong? <br /> <br /> First of all, suspension disbelief is made very difficult, because monkeys have many human-Hollywood traits. I am referring mostly to Ari and the slave. These traits include emotional skills such as irony, sarcasm, and an overt range of "subtle" emotions. This makes you forget that monkeys are monkeys, which is essential. <br /> <br /> Second, humans SPEAK. Of course, we can imagine that humans will never forget how to speak, but the fact that great apes speak and that humans do not make the monkey / human role change very tangible and stressful in the 1968 version. Charleston Heston's throat was essential to his survival, and his laterfound word was essential to his uniqueness and his interest in Dr. Zira (so, no need to resort to human rights activists or to human monkey love, to explain things). <br /> <br /> Thirdly, the fact that they talk a lot about the implausibility, but that this is a crucial turning point in the new film, because Captain Davidson has to play the role of Hollywood. let's save the whole world and have a good ending for everyone and let's make the living-bar-for-a-character-cool-to-diet-coke. Oh my god, will not they ever learn? I have it again since the beginning, when there was only one guy who got lost! They needed a hero! And then the writers continue to reason: we need a guy ... so why would a guy go astray ... because he's trying to save a monkey from an electromagnetic storm ... improbable! But it is necessary because it shows the public that he respects the monkeys! Given that, in these modern and politically correct times, we can not have on screen a hateful xenophobic monkey like Charlton Heston's character 68: give them a bubblegum version! <br /> Fourth, agree, the general twist of the original version of "discover the truth" from the 1968 film to the modern version (he discovers that his own mother ship crashed on the planet there is many years and their laboratory monkeys have developed their society, where Heston has just discovered that the monkeys have invaded the earth in his absence) it is well done. The second part, the combat part, is an anti-climax. This is because this film has added the first two films of Planet Of The Apes in a plot. Well tried, but the thrill you feel when Davidson and you discover he's lost on the planet disappears forever because of an uninteresting battle. <br /> <br /> Fifth: the end !!! For Christmas cakes, who invented that ?! (a) Is Davidson crashing twice with his life capsule that seems to be an immovable object, while the chimpanzee simply manages to land gracefully? Come on, who could believe that? If the pods are really small space craft (Davidson just flies into space at the end) and not just fleeing ships, he might have landed at least once, right? And what about that end ???? I mean, in the original movie, it was clear that everything was happening on earth. But here: the whole film takes place on a distant planet, and suddenly the same (there is a statue of Thade) the culture of the monkeys is on earth ??? How to come? Did the distant planet's monkeys evolve technologically, fly into the storm and colonize the land before Davidson's mission took off? Why is Thade revered? Stupid stupid stupid. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter is even adorable and beautiful as a monkey, but I did not expect less. I preferred his monkey to Estella Warren as a human, but I may have had some wire in my head. Nevertheless, the only convincing monkeys were Tim Roth as Thade (wonderful!) And Ari's domestic monkey (the ex-general, but I forgot his name). <br /> <br /> Nonono, many things could and should have been added / modified on the 1968 chart, but not the plot, at least not that way. It was simple, clear and without any further explanation. It was a beautiful language and a caricature. Do not stylize anything ...
