If you are caring for a child, make sure he does not live near a graveyard. Especially if this child is used to drawing bloody images and disappears at night among the gravestones to see his "friends". But our long-haired heroine, unaware of all the signs, rubs shoulders with her family, the Nortons, who include a strict father and a dull elder brother who becomes a loving interest in our budding babysitter. Even more frightening than the zombie band on the outside is the tendency of the cast to talk even when their lips are not moving, and the words do not match the movement of their mouths. But enough of that ... domestic animals are sacrificed, old ladies are tearing their eyes and the orchestra is not silent during the scenes, even the calm ones. Oh, and the publisher has a day off when the movie's drone passes. <br /> <br /> In fact, it would be better if everyone involved had taken a break, felt what they had signed and gone AWOL. Yes, I know it's hard to go to the movies nowadays, but that kind of starting point is not the one you would like on your resume. If would be like a trainee farm worker with a sentence to molest the chicken. Featuring one of the worst performances by Laurel Barnett, and another almost as bad of the young charismatic actress, Rosalie Cole (the next Dakota Fanning, she is not), the film winds up constantly, with padding up to 'we get what happens for a climax. <br /> <br /> This involves five or six members of the undead barricading our totally useless heroine in a shed, while its rough strand repels these ghouls with a wooden board, a shotgun and all that on what he can put his hand on. But go back a minute ... earlier, they were in the car and they discovered by chance that the creatures had found the sound of the horn so repulsive that they had dispersed to the sound of the sound. So are they staying where they are safe? No, of course, they run away to this abandoned building in the middle of nowhere, so that the guy can prove how hard it is to believe that the girl is having a nervous breakdown. <br /> <br /> Finally, the film closes. It does not end, it stops there. The main character returns to his vehicle covered with fake blood, as if nothing had happened. But, my dear spectator, something horrible has happened. You've just watched one of the most lame and boring horror movies you can see, and you've lost 82 minutes of your life that you'll never find. Imagine ... in your death bed, in a few years, you would exchange one hour and 22 minutes for some extra time, just to spend a little more time with your family. Unfortunately, it's already too late for me. Do not you make the same mistake :( 2/10
