A little girl lives with her father and brother in the middle of the countryside. This little girl, Rosalie, has psychotic tendencies at the beginning of the film. She just lost her mother who went crazy, but lived in the woods all night. The premise of the film has a new young woman who comes to take care of Rosalie. She is initiated into the woods while driving and, imagine the suspense here, faces a huge blue barrel that falls on the side of a cliff to stop his car. From there, she goes to the nearest house and discovers Mrs. Whitfield who then explains many explanations about Rosalie and her family. The seriousness expressed by Mrs. Whitfield's character must be seen to be believed. The girl has found the child and we quickly realized that not only is it strange, but that everyone in the film is also very weird. They all share one thing in common, namely that none of them has ever heard of a theater school. None of these people can act - as evidenced by the few vehicles in which he appeared in the entire movie before or since - and they all seem to have no idea what's going on, to pause to remember the lines and to have all the elements. conviction of a paper bag. The director walks the material slowly with this horrible piano music crescendo here and there to things supposedly scary. It takes a little while before we move on to two killings by fellow creatures, but at that point I did not care. The murders are not convincing either, and to tell the truth, the whole film seems to be crossed together in the farm of their friend with the people and the objects which are there. That said, the end has disturbing aspects, although we have no idea why Rosalie is like that or, more importantly, who is the creature with the cheap masks. Cheap does not even begin to describe the budget here with. These are essentially old farms and a few sheds at the end and of course woods. Someone also lent the director some old cars. No special effects of any kind and only the most minimal makeup. There are so many gaffaws / ridiculous moments to list, but I will list a few here that at least made me laugh at the lack of aptitude of the creative powers involved: 1) Look at the gardener's body well after that he was "killed". Len enters and sees him slaughtered and you can see his big belly lift up from life. 2) The dying scene at the end where the actress playing Rosalie is killed. She seems to be listening to instructions and wasting her free time considering the method. 3) How about the guy who plays Roaslie's father by giving us an Andy Griffith of the poor grumpy man. The scene where he laughs about the death of scouts is a strange hoot. The Child is indeed a very bad movie and is very bad even for 70's cheese standards if you want. It's not a B movie, but rather a Z movie where producer Harry Novak makes money with virtually nothing.
