I saw this movie earlier, not when it was released, and it was hailed as the best photo of the year here in Israel. and to sum it all up right now, I'll just say, it's not a good movie. <br /> <br /> This is Dror Shaul's second feature film, and I have to admit that his first film and the TV drama that he did before this picture is a lot better. moreover, it's his first attempt at making a drama. The first works were fun and effective comedies. <br /> <br /> The first thing to know if you'll ever see this movie: Twenty-first century Israel hates the kibbutz and the values ​​it represents since the formation of the state of Israel. the actual situation of kibbutzim is very serious and some of them disappear one by one. the kibbutz, a Hebrew word for collective, was a kind of village reserved for members, where the values ​​of equality and socialism were the dogma of everyday life. With the change of social values ​​over time, it seems now that the kibbutz is a place where the human spirit has been repressed, locked in the rules of dogma, with no possibility of exit. the entry of the capitalist values ​​and way of life in the 90s and until now, it was very difficult for the kibbutzim to survive. the crazy mother of the film is the central metaphor. <br /> <br /> But I consider that this film has nothing to do with the nostalgia of the good old days of the kibbutz. Once, each young couple dreamed of living in a kibbutz and raising children in this beautiful and beautiful environment. but the film shows the opposite. that the kibbutz, with its socialist dogma, was a place much like a cult of madmen, with crazy ideas that undermine the freedom of each individual within the collective. This is the central philosophy of post-modern capitalism: your individuality is the most important thing. you must place yourself in the center, and no one but you is the material. This is the philosophy that defends the film and it's just a first sin. <br /> <br /> If you do not agree with me politically, I'm sure you will agree that the acting, the tone of the film is the script and its direction are the four sins that follow. the film has no real visual text and none of its plans are to be remembered. it is also very "delicate", a delicacy that is nothing more than an artistic attempt of fartsy to provoke emotions that do not surface, neither in the film nor with the spectator. it only brings boredom. <br /> <br /> Can anyone explain why this film has won so many awards? perhaps because it shows that Israel is in line with the rest of the world, hating socialist and human values? or perhaps it shows that Israel is a "delicate" place, not yielding to dogmas and fanaticism? that we are basically very human and good people, capable of emotions, especially when they are false, just as capitalism expects us to be? or perhaps because it tells one of the biggest lies of Israeli cinema in recent years, a lie that undermines the justification for the existence of the Jewish state? no matter the answer, it's not good. not for the world, nor for human values ​​nor for Jews.
