Yes, AWA, how can we forget this unreal spectacle? They first had a very short interviewer named Marty O'Neil who made Rock Zumhofe look like a nipple. Then, it's Gene Okerland who, when he became "crazy like the wrestler" said either "was not at the time", or "good or return", acting as if he was crazy, but in reality strength. After visiting the WWF, Ken Resneck took over, even though his mustache looked like a week-long soup. It is a very good interviewer that "Georgeous" Jimmy Garvin called the face of the mouse, which made me laugh. After leaving the ship, Larry Nelson boarded and it was so bad that Phyllis George would have been an improvement! Then there's Doug McLeod, the best wrestling announcer of all time, who made every game exciting with his shot description! Then the Minnesota North Stars hockey team gave him more pay. At the edge of the ring, we can forget Roger Kent who had mispronounced his words and his sentences was historic, as when a wrestler was fat "Hes a big-on!" punch or kick in the guts "just in the bellows" or when we kick him "he pummeled him" or "the" piledriver should be banned "after Nick Bockwinkle used it on a helpless opponent for a greener money (WWF), they had Rod Trongard announcing that his style was awesome but different, for example, when a wrestler was scraping the sole of his boot on the forehead of another guy, he said "Just in front of the front lobe" or when a wrestler He also told AWA that the most wicked, toughest, meanest and most scientific wrestlers are in the middle of the AWA (no extra money, Verne Gagne!) After his departure (WWF), Larry (Wheres Phyllis ?!) Nelson took power and I would like to talk to someone or totally ignore him. (WWE did not take him away with wisdom!) Moreover, Greg Gagne had the ugliest wrestling boots I've ever seen in yellow. When he looks for the tag, he seems to want to finish it so he can run to the nearest toilet! Jumpin J im Brunzell was such a Dropkick artist that you wonder why Greg has always been his partner. Jerry Blackwell (RIP) was also a superstar wrestler, but you wonder why Verne won against him (Puhleeeeze!). When Vince McMahon would hire jobbers in Gagnes, he would organize most of their wrestling squash matches. I like to see the Gagne family talk about wrestling now!
