The first movie of Home Alone was a pretty decent movie ... the sequel was pretty much the same, in a new setting. It tries to be original and succeeds to a certain extent ... of course, the formula is basically the same, so it's as if you're watching the same movie for the third time with a slightly modified plot. The new score is quite bad (although the new piece "setting traps" is, if nothing else, interesting and different), especially compared to the large score of the first, and the near-good note of the second . He (or almost) makes up for it by using good non-original music, but it's just not the same thing. The plot is fair, and a bit original for the franchise, but it's still basically the same movie as the first two, with a less good acting and a less impressive example of the "scary character that turns out to be good". The acting game is mostly unimpressive. The characters are mainly caricatures. The new thieves are less entertaining than the old ones (and they make fun of the spying stories, which is almost criminal, given the limited number of good spy movies and the precious few that are cool). The fact that they are more numerous (and therefore more traps) is only a weak attempt to try to go beyond the first two films ... and it does not work. The idea behind the thieves and their mission is a bit too ... grown-up and serious about a children's movie (and there was a sexual joke or two, though it was not the first time in the series). It's also unnecessarily complex, as is the plot in general. I could follow him, but I doubt that a child can do it. Part of the exhibition is so obviously delivered that even children can find it stupid. Animals are not usually fun. There are fewer siblings, which should mean that those who work there are growing more, but they have less personality than the least featured of those of the first two films. Overall, it's not particularly good or worthy of surveillance, unless you really like to watch criminals get hurt in cartoon violence. I recommend it only to the huge fans of the show. 3/10
