It was one of those movies that were heard in the early '70s, usually on the movie "4am" or once, on 7:30 pm "Channel 6 Big Movie" and another on the movie Creature Double feature. .When local channels broadcast movies as part of their local programming (now almost disappeared for the benefit of informative advertising), it was at the time. A couple of low rent drivers, Abbott and Costello (Frankie Ray and Robert Ball), find themselves in a platoon of soldiers (half a dozen guys in surplus army remnants) who are sent to the field to examine funny radiation and find themselves extraterrestrial. They first enter Bronson Canyon to join what will later be BATMAN's famous Batcave and encounter the remains of a dead "carrot monster". Later, in the cave, they are pursued by a living creature: a guy in black suit and paper mache head, with glittering objects on it and ping-pong ball eyes. Two of their complete geeks, Ray and Ball, are captured and wake up tied to tables and are "examined" by space amazons, Dr. Poona (nooo kidding!) And Professor Tanga who are of a beauty breathtaking and even moreso in their skinny bikini. "Uniform". We were too young at the time to realize what later slavery and fetishism scenarios would suggest this "exam" scene. It turns out that the two girls and their carrot monster are stranded on the ground with a well-hidden ship and are trying to return to their world. <br /> <br /> The film was shot as a total comedy with varying degrees of But remember that it was at that time that Eric Von Zipper and his film crew Frankie and Annette were at comedy of the comedy "B-film". So it was natural to jump on the train for fast money. <br /> <br /> For some reason, I only thought that I had imagined to see this movie to start. No, I really saw it. And when he came out on a "restored" DVD, I was assured of my memory. Comedy goes from a funny humor to just stupid, but it does not matter. The budget is non-existent, which is a minor miracle when you think about it, it's even been done and you can talk about a "restored" version here and now more than 40 years later. It's the girls who want to know more about "love" and "kissing" and geeks - that we've all been - girls and love have it. It's just awkward and silly and for the places, has a nostalgic meaning.
