Apparently, Shakespeare equals high forehead, which equates to a bunch of people not seeing anything for what it really is. At some point in this movie, someone (I believe the producer of Pacino) warns him that the film was beginning to deviate from the meaning, that this was once the way the masses think of Shakespeare through the vehicle of RICHARD III. Instead, he decides to shoot a chopped piece with scattered random comments. Some scenes seemed to be included as home movies for Al (was there really NO reason for the quick visit to Shakespeare's birthplace, if not to laugh at something unexpected happening there?), And , even before the movie started, are treated to see Al Prance around and act cute and funny for the camera. I thought his ridiculous act with Kay towards the end of GODFATHER III with the knife in his throat was an ACT - but apparently that's how Al really behaves himself. <br /> <br /> Rather disjointed. Here's a little explanation of why I did not even do it to 3/4: 1) pretentious - Al always knows when the camera is on him, that he plays Richard or that he either in a "real" conversation with someone - you can see it in the corner of his eyes. In addition, some of the actors around the rehearsal table stand out and wax to the extreme. If someone who reads this has already spent time with a group of actors and has witnessed this stuff from the outside, it's unbearable. "Look at me, chewing the whole landscape!" 2) Winona Ryder. When she appears as Lady Anne, this movie stops abruptly, which he never gets over. She has nothing to add in the scenes of discussion but the camera lingers on her to enter the kiddoes. His performance is terrible, to start. 3) The only scholars that filmmakers try to keep out of the picture really teach you about it. Of course, you also learn that Pacino should not direct movies (nor do Richard in the first place). I prefer to watch BOBBY DEERFIELD than this. <br /> <br /> Finally, read the play and learn it yourself. Go out and see him played. In 1997, I saw the play at the Ethnic Cultural Theater at the University of Washington. This gave the impression that what we see in this film was a high school drama (except for Clarence's free sliced ​​throat!) Was it necessary ?! </ p> just a heap of noise and fury, which means nada.
