Syriana swept the critics as soon as he was released and everything seemed to be in a spin. I guess it's one of those extremely smart movies ... so smart that I think you have to know the oil industry well and have a brilliant mind. I do not consider myself unintelligent, I've been studying politics since I was a teenager, and I enjoy a smart movie, but most of the time, unless it's a documentary, the film has to be mainly entertaining and contain a message. Syriana tried to be strictly intelligent and some people were fired. I would go so far as to say that those who love it and insist that it is a 10/10 lie because they think they look better. This film was the most confusing, senseless and insane dribble I've seen in a long time ... especially given the acclaim of critics, the Oscar nomination and the cast. Screenwriter Stephen Gaghan once again disappointed me. Havoc, his horribly written, preceded this film and I think he's trying too hard. I can not believe he was offered the opportunity to write the Da Vinci Code script. On top of that, Gaghan made the film that made it an absolute mess. I had no idea who was someone, why things were happening, who was who and what was what. It was a disaster. <br /> <br /> Because I do not really know who it is, I can only mention the actors and what I thought of their performances because, despite the horribly complicated scenario, the actors were well managed. George Clooney plays C.I.A. field agent and assassin I think ?? Bob Barnes. Clooney has never been one of my favorites, but recently, he managed to get good performance and it seemed like a pretty good performance on his part. Barnes was a complex character with a sordid story and if I had known what was going on with him, I would have really enjoyed his character. Matt Damon plays Bryan Woodman and he's pretty bland and still looks like a deer in the headlights, which allows me to understand his confusion after reading this script and then trying to run it. Amanda Peet plays his wife and she succeeds well in the few scenes that are given to her. Christopher Plummer makes an appearance as someone who does something. I love Plummer and I love to see him appear even if he does not get noticed. <br /> <br /> The casting is intense if only the story made sense. I would like to quote the description of the plot on IMDb. "A missile disappears in Iran, but the CIA has other problems: the heir of an emirate gives an oil contract to China, suppressing an American company that quickly fires its immigrant workers and merges with a small company that has stalled A Kazakh oil contract The Ministry of Justice suspects bribes and the oil company's law firm finds a scapegoat, and the CIA also needs it when its plot to kill the emir-apparent fails. An economist claims in a contract the death of his son in a contract to inform the sheik that the CIA wants death.The unemployed Pakistanis join a fundamentalist group.All routes begin and end in the oil fields. !?!? Tell who now? Syriana is perhaps the film of the thinking man, but it bored me to tears and despite all the efforts I made to stay with him, I finally went and turned it off after an hour and a half and you could not have bought me enough. Finish it. I guess if you want to make an opinion, look at it absolutely, but I promise you that someone who is looking for a nice entertainment or movie will be asleep in the first half hour. 1/10
