Wha-BAM! Someone must have had fun eating a whole truck of acidic mushrooms, then creating that crazy excuse for a movie! Writer Howard Cohen develops the concept "Sword and Witchcraft" with some extra S, such as Sex, Foolishness, (more) Sex and pure stupidity! It's not just a movie, it's the dreams and fantasies of all the juvenile perverts that come true! "Deathstalker" has it all: blood, violence, trolls, female wrestling, attempted rape, successful rape, life-size pigs (!), Hideous hairstyles, muscular bodies, multiple orgies, multi-sexual orgies, gay warriors, tournaments up to 'To death, witches delusional, dismemberment, villains and laughable breasts, boobs, BOOOOOOOOOBIES !! "Deathstalker" literally wipes the ground with its obvious pattern "Conan: the barbarian" in terms of cheesiness and flamboyance. The story is obviously of minor importance. Deathwalker, lonely warrior and gay (he does not know it yet), goes on a mission, at the request of an annoying witch, to bring together the three notorious elements of creation ?? or something like that. During his trip, he combines his strength with a man turned troll, a fighter even more cheerful than him and, last point, a luscious lady who does not really seem to be a big supporter of the bra. Together, they head for the realm of the evil Munkar, where they will participate in a warrior tournament and conquer no less than two out of three items. Munkar is a bald guy with a half-tattooed spiderweb and an awesome harem that would make even the richest oil sheiker jealous. Ok, okay, "Deathstalker" is a pretty awful movie and sometimes even unbearable. The fight sequences are lame and the costumes and makeup effects are downright pitiful. For a moment, watching the opening sequence, I was actually afraid to watch "Troll; the Prequel". The monsters look incredibly cheesy and the opposite is threatening, but it's an undeniable entertainment if you're in an undemanding mood. I guess it's not a favorite among feminists, because the general representation of women is somewhat discriminating. Most girls only serve candy in the harem. They are allowed to crawl naked on the floor and play in the mud, but they are strictly forbidden to open their mouths. The two "main" ladies (Barbi Benton and Lana Clarkson) are lovely but - in all honesty - if it was not for their permanently exposed baskets, they would hardly deserve to be mentioned.
