Woosh ??! Man?? What can I say ...? <br /> <br /> The opening scene perhaps? We see a group of badly-made Mongoloid barbarians jumping from the walls of some ruins. They sneak up and attack a guy with a captive girl dressed lightly. The guy runs away, the Mongoloids follow him and one of them apparently stays behind to rape the girl, but he exposes one of her breasts and kidnaps her. Then the guy (still on the run) sees a horse and tries to steal it. Suddenly?? a blond hero like a god with a bad wig appears saying "This is my horse!" The powerful Deathstalker has just made its appearance. The Mongoloids arrive, Deathstalker kills them all (including the guy) on some rather inappropriate melodies of scores from Mexicanos Western (this is supposed to be a Swords & Ritual movie, goes up to Captive Girl and exposes both her breasts. Rubtie starts to rub them and Captive Girl seems to like that, she starts to like her lips and caressing Deathstalker.While they're about to start, this old guy appears, interrupting what could have been the end of a day. perfect for Deathstalker (and a perfect ending possible for a short film). <br /> <br /> Now tell me ?? Is not the moment when a feminist would extinguish the movie with anger or any other viewer of the male would say "It's going to be a pretty good movie!" The plot is as simple as throwing a kitten off the balcony: Deathstalker must get the sword of justice and use it to steal the amulet of life and the chalice of magic to the evil wizard Munkar. > <br /> Decapitations, dismemberment, random bloodshed, delayed hand fights and annoying sword fights, this film also contains a huge amount of t! ts & a $$. Initially, I wanted to add an extra point to this movie for every free shot of naked fools I could count on. After 9 points (not even halfway through the movie), I had to stop counting. It distracted me from the rest of the movie. And the rest of the movie was worth it. Crazy stuff. Discover this mutant creature resembling a cat / worm, which Munkar has as a pet and which he feeds on eyeballs and fingers. And here's an interesting question: what would you do if a man in a woman's body came into your room and tried to kill you with a knife? The answer is simple: you slap it a little, you remove the knife and you try to rape it. Then you discover that he is not a woman, you throw him out of bed and tell him to leave your room. It works well, I tell you. Deathstalker does it too, and Deathstalker-way is the right choice! <br /> <br /> DEATHSTALKER is a beautiful film, as other comments highlight. The wicked are vile. The women are delicious. There is blood, sex, violence, rape and tasty chicken. There is a completely meaningless tournament that features a group of barbarians fighting, splitting and hurting each other. My favorite weapon used in this tournament was a giant wooden hammer, used to defeat a poor candidate for bloody pulp. And my favorite competitor was undoubtedly the one with Warthog's head (reminiscent of the RETURN OF THE JEDI Gamereal Guards). I will not reveal how the film ends, but get ready to delight when I tell you that a 4-way dismemberment is thrown into the climax of the film. <br /> <br /> And of course, there is a magnificent collection of inaptitude throughout the film. See a guy being dragged behind a horse on a dirt road and the next shot of point of view shows that he was dragged on grass (no road). Watch this awesome tattoo on the wizard's head that magically changes sides in the same scene (in the photo, the left side of the head, the other on the right). Well, after all, Munkar is a magician. That's it, or this film was shot in an alternative universe where things like "continuity" just do not exist. <br /> <br /> As much as I liked it and as much as I look forward to the other 3 The installments of this series, I still have enough shame not to miss this film. I am however willing to give him the maximum points, in order to be able to deduce a few more points for the consequences, if any, to follow. DEATHSTALKER may be a super fun, trashy and suspicious CONAN scam, it's also an awful movie.
