Last night, I was looking for a video in Hollywood with a friend trying to find a beautiful horror movie to watch for the New Year's weekend. As I peered through the shelves, "Severed" spotted my eye, and I caught it and it seemed like it was a decent class B horror movie. The cover looked pretty good. The plot seemed semi-interesting. So I rented it. What an error. Do not be fooled by the blanket, which actually looks decent. I think more money was spent for the cover than for the film itself. The film follows two police detectives who hunt down a ritualistic serial killer inspired by voodoo called "The Head Hunter", beheading victims left and right in an unknown city (probably Los Angeles), and dragging them into his ritualized murder world. . <br /> <br /> Does history make sense? Well, that's right, and this movie could have been half decent. But God, it was bad! Almost everything was laughable. The opening scene features a red-haired actress in a car trying to speak on this huge obsolete mobile phone. For some reason, she goes out and talks to a guy. Then, a shadow emerges behind them, head drooping, and the girl drops to the ground and begins to crawl (for no reason) trying to dial 911. Sounds ridiculous? Yes, you bet that it is. The whole movie seems to have been filmed on a VHS quality camera, and I suppose that was the case. The acting was mostly horrible and the special effects were far from credible. And the scenes with the police on the phone were awful - the voice on the other line was ringing and it seemed like it was being recorded in someone's bathroom. Everything in this film was just amateurish and tedious, and it did not interest me very much, and I often found myself bored and tired, mainly because of the bad acting and the horrible cinematography. The rhythm was bad. Everything was just bad. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Severed" is a failed attempt at what could have been a decent B movie. The plot was good and I think that if this film had been better managed and had a higher budget, everything could have gone well. But this film fell flat on his face. If you expect something semi-decent, you will be sorely disappointed. Recommended only if you can tolerate quality D horror movies. Otherwise, you will probably want to stay away from this video bin. There was a bit of potential, but it was beyond a mess. 1/10.
