If there is one thing that annoys me the most by seeing a bad movie, it is to have it done by experienced filmmakers who should know more. This "reinvention" of the Planet of the Apes could have appealed to imagination, not to mention essential elements of character development. Nova, the daughter of the original planet of the apes, was a more developed character than Daena in this version, even if she does not say a single word. We certainly expect much better from Tim Burton, a man who has so far combined an incredible visual imagination with a remarkably absent intelligence, wit and humor in this production. <br /> <br /> There were basic problems developing the plot. The first big mistake was to allow humans to talk. It's the fundamental difference between monkeys and men that made all the difference in the original film. Although he was silent, his ability to communicate was what distinguished Taylor from Heston as different from other humans. In the current film, Mark Wahlberg encourages (talking) slaves to revolt, but there is no compelling reason not to have revolted and regained their emancipation. They are skilled at using tools and have the ability to communicate to create plans, which dumb humans can not do. A man must not fall from the stars to save them. Indeed, since it comes from a technological civilization and is in a pre-technology era without (at the beginning) no gadget to help it, it is Wahlberg who should be disadvantaged, not the humans who are accustomed to it. . <br /> <br /> It was sad to see Helena Bonham Carter working so hard to create a kind of spark between her and this insensitive brick wall, Mark Wahlberg. His best scenes were with the naughty Tim Roth. <br /> <br /> Humans have been virtually ignored until they need it in the third act. At this point, Daena began to show real interest in Davidson (Wahlberg) and The boy suddenly went from the background to a fierce freedom fighter gung-ho. It was a bad development of character. (Estella Warren, in particular, felt she would have been able to do much more than the script had given her). Wahlberg's perplexity at the end about what these humans see in him was certainly shared by me because he almost did not interact with humans. <br /> <br /> Create the monkeys: a positive half-point and two drawbacks: Ape makeup was excellent in men, especially Michael Clarke Duncan, who has incredibly expressive eyes (that's why he was so gifted in The Green Mile), and makeup design allowed him to use them fully. But the female monkeys looked like nothing on earth, neither monkeys nor humans. The downsides were the jumps of monkeys that seemed as realistic as Flash Gordon's rocket: the jumping monkeys seemed to have been pulled from a catapult, they had nothing of the long-term grace of true monkeys. Second, the mediocre mix - when gorillas roar, it's clearly called an animal, probably feline, which makes it ridiculous and unrealistic. <br /> <br /> In the original film, the various "human" things the monkeys do and say are treated as a slight relief ("I never knew a monkey that I did not like." " Human see, human do! "). Here, great apes speak like humans in the 21st century, and there is no humor. The only truly original idea was that of Ari writing with his feet. <br /> <br /> Nothing made me cringe more than the moment "V-Ger Star Trek" near the end of the film. First, the monkeys had apparently been able to read Roman letters in the distant past, in order to know the name of the forbidden zone in its partially concealed form. Secondly, the mysterious inscription that gives the name is simply covered with sand that Wahlberg sweeps, which any monkey could have done centuries ago. This moment was, for me, much worse than the much criticized end of the film. <br /> <br /> However, things of this nature are typical of most science fiction movies today. In the '60s and' 70s, they generally did not have the budget to create compelling futuristic sets, but they did deal with truly original themes and ideas that were really science fiction. I'm thinking of 2001: a space odyssey, the 1967 planet of the monkeys, the THX1138, the silky green, the silent race and the Solaris of 1972. The first planet of the apes even used the only scientifically valid and physically possible to advance in time. However, this film includes just about all the bad sci-fi clichés: space storms, anomalies, and wormholes straight from Star Trek; the planets of the solar system and their moons apparently all together visible as large globes (in fact, whatever their planet, all other bodies, even their own moons, are only points of light); a conventional shuttle powered by a rocket traveling from Saturn to Earth in minutes instead of years; 2,000-year-old equipment comes on and works the minute the hero presses the button. To say nothing of a conveniently shielded internal glass door. In a contemporary context, you would have to explain * why * it was a foolproof trial, but because it's "science fiction", you do not have to do it! <br /> <br /> Overall, Burton's most disappointing film.
