Spoil alert ?? although I think this one was spoiled out of the box ?? It is hard to imagine that a film with these stars of this studio, made at that time, could be so awful, but it's true. This is by far the biggest flaw of the film: it makes no sense. <br /> <br /> The rich, wealthy American aristocrat, Penn Gaylord, leaves "his little girl" and goes to the First World War. is killed. Then we go to the present (1942) and to total confusion. The three sisters are in court, where they would have spent the last twenty years, and a certain Jerk, Barclay, is trying to take away their home. This is just the beginning of an endless series of unanswered questions that include the script, more holes than Warren's report. What happened to Gaylord's fortune? If the will is worth half a billion, why has the family home gone from a sumptuous palace to the Munsters' house? Who the hell is this Barclay clown? And why is he able to take someone home? The questions overlap with more questions. <br /> <br /> George Brent, generally affable and charming, plays the role of Barclay, who is inexplicably a total fool who seduces everyone, taking whatever he wants, no matter who he wants belongs to and without a pinch of guilt; yet no one except Fiona (Barbara Stanwick) seems to particularly hate this moron. Why? None of these questions ever answered. Instead, we follow Fiona's life from one train wreck to another, the evil Barclay taking her home, her fortune, and even her child. What is she doing? Séglingue the? Put him on fire? No, too logical In a completely improbable recap, this woman, who was once only an affair with Barclay, was, with the exception of the technicality of marriage, raped, suddenly deciding in the middle of her sentence (literally) not to hate him, she loves him. And they will live happy forever. Suddenly, without any reason in the world, this model of independence and primitive feminine authority is transformed into the usual ruthless whirlwind found more often in the films of this period. Yes, of course, stealing everything that belongs to me in the world and I will fall in love with you. On what planet is this happening? I can only guess that the reason I have never heard of this film before I hit it on Turner is that it was as lost to the contemporary audience as it is today.
