I would like more films to last two hours. On the other hand, I wish that more films from the Civil War would be just two hours away. "Gone with the Wind", "Gettysburg" - that's about the length I was expecting; although both of them were at least entertained for the number of hours they lasted and even "Gettysburg" lasted as long as it was due to something happening. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Ang Lee's film is swollen and uneventful. In fact, it seems to me that it takes a lot less than two hours. It was not a compliment. This is really no different from any other form of sensory deprivation: at the time, one has the impression that it will never end, after, it does not seem to have taken time. <br /> <br /> The film is going badly. foot, while Lee plays his interminable generics ABOVE the opening sequence (bad mistake) in which we are presented to characters that we take a moment to dislike and that we will end up hating. The two main ones are Jake, the son of fervent German immigrants in Lincoln, and Jack, a convinced southerner, whose values ​​Jake shares. (I had to re-read that sentence to make sure I did not write "Jack" instead of "Jake" at one point or vice versa.) The two went on to become "bushwhackers" - a Southern militia who covets so vengeance and violence that they can not even be disturbed to join the Southern official army, which, I suppose, is for them like a girl. I'm afraid Lee lost me here. It is easy to feel the characters who make moral mistakes: if we have an independent reason to love them or if we feel that we know them in one way or another, their moral defects may incite us to take more charge. Not so here. We are not properly presented to Jake for at least an hour; when we are, it becomes clear that it is a merciless button of a man, who is not a confederate by choice, but by habit - the kind of person who says and does what everyone says and fact, whose psychology is purely immitent. The people he associates are either the same, or totally evil in an uninteresting way. I found myself cheering every time the Northern Cavalry appeared on the screen. I said to myself: good - kill the rebels, put an end to the war, let me go home. <br /> <br /> The aggravation of this problem is a horrible and horrible dialogue. Everyone is talking in the same southern accent moaning. I have heard accents from all over the English speaking world and this is the worst of all. I do not care if the Southerners really talked like that, it's just not fair to ask an audience to listen for two hours. And believe me, we listen to it for two hours: Lee's photo is talkative, largely because the characters take so long to say what they mean by their non-dramatic style, say everything, three times , folkloric. It would help if they spoke faster, but not much. Can not these people find a more effective language for communicating? <br /> <br /> In short: the film is nothing more than a gallery of characters unattractive and unvarnished, who speak in a mode of speech, which does not bathe often enough, to whom nothing interesting happens despite their involvement in a war. Good points? Jewel was nice to watch, as was the landscape. But I have complaints even here. The cinematography, nicely framed, gave the impression that someone had mistakenly replaced a color film for black and white; and as for Jewel, we were teased with his body, but never allowed to look at it, which I think is the least we owed.
