** SPOILERS ** It was an ugly film, and I'm sorry I watched it. Like Jan Kounen's Dobermann, he suffers mainly from bad editing, or even lack thereof. It's as if the director was so in love with his work that instead of reducing the film to a rate that caught your eye, he added all the footage he shot together. There may be two cool scenes in the whole movie. One of them is * SPOILER * when Benkei is petrified and the camera starts to turn around him. It was cool - but ok, we got it! Please go ahead! The camera keeps going around this guy! There may be one or two more scenes that I have forgotten in this flood of mediocrity, but the last dueling scene is not one! This may be because, unlike previous scenes of sword manipulation, Shanao is not masked - but just because the director could not find a stuntman that looks a bit like Asano Tadanobu does not give him not allowed to go ahead and wear makeup. % of the sword fights with extreme close-ups of the sword clashes! And all from the same angle, let me add. The director should learn from the American movie "The Hunted!" I personally saw the scene of the raid in a village as a tribute to the social activists of the previous generation who had been confronting the police during the violent demonstrations of their college years. The situation where innocence is oppressed by an authoritarian and armed government branch that does not want to understand seems to be a common message in the Japanese media, because of the strong influence of socialists and communists who constitute a political minority. The film versions of GTO and Salary Man Kintaro are two other recent examples * END SPOILER * I do not understand. I just do not understand why people who do not speak the language of the movie find compliments worthy of praise. The worst may have been lost in the translation. <br /> <br /> The end of the film - on which marketing has played a lot - is a different interpretation of the legendary meeting between Shanao and Benkei. But this legend is not the most popular of Japanese folklore, and it is so far removed from contemporary themes that after 138 minutes of visual techniques too played, we do not care how the director wants to reinterpret the story !? Crazy Lips director Sasaki Hirohisa said the new Japanese filmmakers had an unpleasant tendency to ignore the Japanese public and target their films for foreign film festivals - to increase their international renown. It works, even if it makes no sense, because the purpose of an international film festival is to present to the world the type of films produced in other countries and the kind of films that people watch in those countries. Certainly not Gojoe and others.
