Well, where to start? I guess I can start with the general complaint about how this film is marketed. Call me ignorant not to know Schneebaum's book before watching the documentary based on it and decide that I live under some sort of rock, but do not blame me for choosing this film from the title and the La description on the box does not mention the fact that this "documentary" is actually a companion of said book. Yeah, I felt pretty stupid after watching this little movie, explaining why the reason I sat down to watch it in the first place was to get a good portion of a "modern cannibal tale". Am I a fool to hope that this film largely covers the history of cannibalism behavior in the jungle tribes? I certainly did not expect an hour and forty-five minutes from an old man to kiss and lament each detail of his dull and exhausted life. I certainly did not expect from the tasteless director, and I did not really imagine myself laughing so hard at Tobias Schneebaum and all his off-putting glory. <br /> <br /> Schneebaum is really inimitable. The old man is content to tour the film to make a personal story, even if he is not even such an interesting character to tell a story. Oh really? It was a cannibal? Ninety percent of the film is focused on almost nothing of Schneebaum's dirty past. The only time we really see a cannibal action is when Tobias finally puts an end to his little mute treatment of what happened to him in Peru and says he had "a little bit". That's right, guys. Ninety minutes later bull and Tobias Schneebaum is a cannibal by three inches. It's like calling a movie "The life of a real Don Juan", but the only time the protagonist of the film did something sexual happened during his studies when he played "just the end". Unbelievable. <br /> <br /> The staging is, indeed, superbly horrible because there is no flow or rhythm in the story told. Okay, I understand that I did not read the volume of Schneebaum before watching the celluloid story, but I can still recognize a bad pace and an even worse edition. One minute, Schneebaum talks about cruise ships and tourism, and the next minute he keeps talking about his inability to drive, and then goes on to talk about a dead parent or a failed and miserable saga in his life. I mean, Jesus, can you at least slam his story back to the first part; follow up with information about his homosexuality, and then end with a thorough review of his visit to Peru? Also: I do not care about Schneebaum's insipid little joke about life, but I implore at least the old man to stay consistent with his ramblings. If I hear a guy talking about his preference for life in the jungle, I do not expect him to suddenly blame and complain about wanting to go home twenty minutes later. Absurd. <br /> <br /> Another note on the staging consists of randomly selected excerpts from the story to small television appearances in which our hero appeared. Some may find that the clips are little whimsical breaks in the story, but the director has used the gimmick too much and shattered his film into pieces apparently attempting to put the bulk of the effort to tell the story about them. old rolls. <br /> <br /> The bottom line here is that Tobias Schneebaum is a fraud. Pure and simple. I know I have not read the book, but I still want the argument that this movie is totally useless in noting that a good movie must be self-sustaining. This documentary relies far too much on the assumption that the viewer is already a big fan of Schneebaum's work and instead continues this hypothesis as an additional disc found on a DVD. Schneebaum is both arrogant and bitchy. He combines his story and his story well. If you are looking for a solid article about human nature and cannibalism, turn away because "Keep the river to your right" is an embarrassing selfish rant about a long-awaited man for a straight jacket and a gag .
