Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy had a long career in (separate) cinema before eventually becoming partners. In many of his pre-Stan films, he was featured on the screen as Babe Hardy ... and throughout his adult life, Hardy was known to his friends as "Babe". During a British tour with Laurel in a music hall for Bernard Delfont, Hardy gave the reporter John McCabe an interview in which he explained the origin of this nickname: at the beginning of his acting career, Hardy s is shaved by a gay hairdresser. Hardy played fleshy cheeks (those on his face) and said, "Beautiful baby!" Hardy's colleagues started yelling 'Babe', and his nickname remained. <br /> <br /> Although much of her pre-Laurel work is very interesting - including her comedy roles in support of Larry Semon and the chaplin mimic, Billy West - his work team with Billy Ruge (who?) in a series of low-budget shorts for the Vim Comedy Film Company is extremely painful. The screen names Plump and Runt have been attributed to Hardy and Ruge: names that are unpleasant in themselves, but have been aggravated by the fact that Ruge (although shorter than Hardy) is not especially a runner. Seen here, Hardy looks a lot like his first Hal Roach films with Laurel ... but without the spit curls and the tedious little mustache. <br /> <br /> "One Too Many", an absolutely typical plunt and Runt epic, is really not funny ... and its delicacy is made even more striking by the fact that this film has exactly the same principle as " That's My Wife, one of Laurel and Hardy's hilarious movies. Plump (Hardy) is the star boarder in a rooming house run by a great gawky hostess. Runt (Ruge) is the porter. Plump receives a letter from his rich Uncle John, whom he hopes to inherit from the dosh. His uncle comes to see him and meet Plump's wife and baby. There is only one problem: Plump does not have a wife or baby. He lied to his uncle to pretend he was a father. Now, of course, Plump expects Runt to find him a wife and a baby as soon as possible. Of course, the results are disastrous. It would be nice if these disastrous results were fun, but they are not. Most of the non-funny humor here is just an empty slapstick, the characters setting their arguments by throwing themselves into a bathtub. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS COMING. The director of Vim Will Louis (who?) Shows no instinct for the framing of the camera: the actress who plays the role of hostess is much larger than Hardy and Louis systematically sets his shots so that his head is out of field. It can be funny if it's done on purpose, but it's just inept. At some point in this bad comedy, an extremely tasteless gag loomed on the horizon as Runt approaches a black washerwoman. "They probably did not bother to laugh that way," I thought. But they do it. Runt steals the woman's black baby and tries to hide it as Plump's offspring. <br /> <br /> One way or another, Plump acquires the crib, but he still does not have a baby. As Uncle John climbs the stairs, Plump calls Runt for his childhood. This gag may have worked with a dwarf, or even with a medium-sized actor like Chester Conklin, but Billy Ruge is only slightly below average. Ruge's impersonation of a baby is neither credible nor amusing, and Uncle John would have to be a complete fool to crack. Surprisingly, he does it! <br /> <br /> The most remarkable aspect of "One Too Many" is a brief appearance - apparently his only appearance in a film - of Madelyn Saloshin, the first wife of Oliver Hardy. The marriage was not happy, although Hardy's marital problems never reached the epic proportions of Stan Laurel's. <br /> <br /> One thing in this film impressed me. There is a very brief sequence of flashbacks, Hardy evoking his seaside romance with a beautiful bather. In 1916, there was not yet a standard grammar of the film to transmit backtracking: the one presented here is done simply and gracefully. Too bad this movie has no other merit. 'One Too Many' is definitely an extra film on Oliver Hardy's CV, and I'll only give this film a score out of 10. Laurel and Hardy together are a lot more fun than either separately .
