it was a simpler time (the seventies), a simpler place (San Francisco), where a man could make a simple film about a crazy drug psychotic re-crucifixion, of Christ as an acid woman with sequences of endless dreams flashbacks while having multiracial orgies between the sexes, regardless of their financial responsibilities or their moral repercussions. <br /> <br /> This tedious, slow, boring film is the worst example of the kind of pretentious heavy-handed art school passed as art in the mid-70s and I love it! once this train is in ruins, with endless slow-motion zooms and heavy lickings licked on the acid guitar, you will not be able to turn away from the eyes before the ridiculous and absurd end. it's a sort of cross between the superstar of Jesus Christ, beyond the valley of the dolls, and a really shabby journey with your parents on a bed of water. It's both a completely fascinating train wreck, and also a great snapshot of some of the worst (or best) elements of the b-quality phychadelic movie genre from the 70's. <br /> <br /> the plot. <br /> <br /> I'm just going to tell you the plot because you'll hardly be able to tell what's going on because of the flashbacks that are constantly being crossed about events that may or may not have happened to characters that may be or not be themselves, and the hippy-freaked-face freak "Logan" is a really annoying iconoclastic filmmaker who shouts against the people who are devoted to him and who is surrounded by a team of almost silent turner who are always throwing out the acid and having what seems to be very bad orgies. Richard Dreyfus plays an auxiliary role as an accountant. the film crew seems to hate him for some reason and burst out laughing maniacally, perhaps to torment him. "Suzanne", the main character, is a slender blonde who advances in space and comforts the character of "artist" completely crazy. "the artist" becomes completely crazy, by the way. either because of his complicated gestures or because of the incredible horror of his paintings. of course all the terrible nudes of Susanne. there are some other characters who appear randomly, a cigar scratching the character "the man". which is also hot for Suzanne I guess. he has a monologue. I could never really understand what he had to do with the story except that everyone had to hate "the man" at the time and you could not make a movie without one. there is also a dumb girl. the dumb girl pays off in the end, believe me, it's incredibly stupid.
