96 minutes of this is cruel..and I love old Munster. Yes, the plot is one thing; yes, the lines are banal; but whoever was at the helm of this was not a fan. There are so many intrigues (and I use this word with a big break) that I wonder if it's an old episode of Starsky & Hutch. I lost count of the number of times I noticed that makeup missed a stain near the collar. Refusing to acknowledge that all the time had passed since the mid-60s (ridiculous), the producers simply replaced Marilyn & Eddie by younger actors. Why not let them grow and grow old? The addition of an Addam's family-style meeting adds nothing to the atmosphere of Halloween. <br /> <br /> The grandfather and Herman go to Transylvania and come back in a few hours (absurd.) Sid Ceaser is the most, yes the most incredible character (I include bad robots) since he babbles an unusual combination of gibberish and Yiddish but claims to be a former Arab leader. And yes, it seems that the laughter track is missing. In fact, there are several places where there is dead air, as if the laughter track should be inserted later. The actors seem to wait for the wrong audience. It is not laughable; it's sad. Oh, and the best part! Yvonne DeCarlo has a line that will just show you just how out of touch writers and producers are. Marilyn says something like, "Where could Uncle Herman and the grandfather be, they could have been in an accident, they could have been hit by a car ... or a train!" Lily says she responds with something like, "You are Uncle Herman who will be there if he has to drag himself out of the tracks." What is amazing is that Yvonne DeCarlo's husband was a stuntman in the early 1960s. He lost a leg and was almost killed in a train cascade. He never recovered and this devastated his family financially. (Check out Biography's fantastic review of her life and career) This line could have been easily modified to be more sensitive to her. <br /> <br /> If you are a true Munster fan, you will have to RENT this mess. This illustrates how it is better to leave certain things alone. Even with the (almost) original cast, it's almost as serious as the remake attempt of the series a few years ago.
