To be clear from the start, "The Bagman" is very, very, very bad. It suffers terribly in almost every aspect except one: the finished product is such a horrible film that it is actually hysterically funny to watch. It is a film of very low quality. The budget constraints of the film should be obvious to anyone who even looks at the opening sequence of the title. I'm not sure if the humor in the movie was intended or not. For example, the film takes place in "Doomsville". Note to all potential buyers: If the city you are moving to is called Doomsville, keep going. Stephanie Beaton hastens to remove her top for a sex scene quite enthusiastic in the kitchen. I could not help but laugh because there was intentional humor (she turns on the gas stove ... Understand it, the sex is so hot, do you understand it?) And the involuntary humor. The unintentional in this case is the music. It's as if the theme music of 'Chariots of Fire' goes through Electronica. Take out the computer and the synthesizers! I realize that the cost of music for a small production like this is prohibitive. I really feel for them because the work here is so well intentioned. The problem is that cheap music is not necessarily good music. I have not laughed so much in the cinema on screen since "Alone in the Dark" with this song of "Seven Seconds" (I guess they implied poor old Mr. Slater who was a little ... fast on the board?). Even end credits are hilarious. Intentional or not? Judging: A dog and a cat are among the credited actors - and an animal wrestler was on the board for them! - The boom is credited to "MB Stick" and the 3rd unit's wardrobe (yes, they had a third unit) is attributed to K-mart. Maybe it's just me, but I think the hilarity of this saves more than the movie. The film is really bad, but the goals of Stephanie Beaton, her friends and her family are so well-meaning in "The Bagman" that you can not help but love the film they produced. "The Bagman" is bad but not terrible. In his own way, he even manages to be a little endearing. He bears his faults so honestly that you can not help but forgive them. The "best" movies that try to hide the flaws are almost worse. I guess it's just a movie that knew who his audience was and that was produced accordingly. <br /> <br /> Look at any number of movies and most of them will probably be better than that. Some of them may seem cheaper, or have lower production value, or lower production. They may not suffer terribly in the same way as "The Bagman" of editing, sound and terrible sound effects. MB Stick did not do a very good job. The special effects seem to be where most of the money went. They tend to be more funny than macabre, although when the "Bagman" is finally unmasked in the end, the makeup work is surprisingly well done. <br /> <br /> My 4 out of 10 is a bit high but humor has helped a lot. It is an ideal film to find an evening with some friends and a few beers in hand. Anyone who considers himself a serious fan of B-movies or low budget movies is a great entertainer. All others should probably avoid with great prejudice.
