"The Bubble" is an effort to create a gay-type story with Romeo and Juliet with an Israeli and a Palestinian, even if it sounds like "Friends" or "Beverly Hills 90210". The characters are shallow and banal, as are the dialogue and the line of outline. The film seems torn between the down and the depth. On the one hand, there is a special effort to be superficial because (in one example among others) some minor characters even ask questions that invite the development of an understanding of current conflicts and get answers like "Hey we are here to make a poster for a rave against the occupation Do not play politics! "Beyond the obvious absurdity of such a line, it is only one of the many signals pointed which indicates that the film is as hollow and without substance as its title indicates. On the other hand, the film's main claim to depth follows lovers at a presentation of "Bent", a play about gays in a Nazi labor camp. The scene on stage is clumsily rushed, thus undermining its erotic power (understandable given the constraints of the filming time, but it could nevertheless have been edited better.) And disappears as weakly as the rest of the film. Pity. This game deserves a lot better. <br /> <br /> The characters are so monogamous that some even have names that telegraph all their substance (although the word seems inappropriate here). The aggressive soldier of the Golani crack brigade is called "Golan". The Palestinian activist is called "Jihad". The Faghag roommate, chic and chic, is "Lulu". Anyone who is familiar with checkpoints and life in Palestine, whether real life or documentaries, will find scenes of checkpoints as absurdly unreal as ?? Well, the rest of this mellow fantasy. When a Palestinian woman starts the fastest work ever recorded, Israeli soldiers are caring and helpful, an ambulance arrives in minutes. (The result of the birth serves to show the Palestinians that they do not understand Israeli beneficence and even outright paranoid.) In total, the checkpoint is presented as a mere nuisance, and not as a series of humiliating obstructions, intolerable, distressing and humiliating, without regard to medical care or necessity in the event of childbirth, death or serious illness. Ashraf, the Palestinian lover, seems to be moving from Nablus to Tel Aviv without problems, without papers, without hassle. He shows himself just when he wants. When the Israelis want to get out, the challenge is to put together a program worthy of Lucy Ricardo. <br /> <br /> In the context of friendly and supportive Israelis and overly-homophobic Palestinians, are we moving to a totally lacking motivation or goal? except as a dramatic and painfully obvious means of arousing the sympathy of forbidden lovers. <br /> <br /> Israeli-Palestinian homosexual romance has been treated on stage with much more talent and depth, as in Saleem's "Salaam / Shalom", so this film is hardly as revolutionary as some would like to think so. <br /> <br /> Terribly bad movies ?? like the works of Ed Wood - at least a striking idiosyncrasy to distinguish them. This one does not even have that going for that. Most of the sound tracks are similar to those of Simon and Garfunkel on quaaludes, and even with the strange Oedipal touches of gay sex scenes, the general incompetence that reigns in this film is presented as a mediocre tele-movie of the week.
