Valentine made no effort to prevent it from being a new teen movie, a sub-genre of horror movies that we've seen too much in the past decade. I've heard a lot of people complain that the movie tears apart several previous horror movies, including everything from Halloween to Prom Night to Carrie, and as much as I hate to be redundant, the scam is so blatant that it is impossible not to do it. say nothing. The punch on poor Jeremy's head at the beginning of the film is so obviously taken by Carrie that they might as well have said it in the film ("Hi everyone, this is the director, and here's what I tell Carrie, scene, enjoy it! ') But this is just a suggestion. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) The film is structured piece by piece in the same way as any other thriller in crazy girl, we meet briefly with a girl at the beginning, she is killed, people wonder what is the old tone that means "it only happens to others", then they start to get killed. problem here is that the director and the writers want to clearly and honestly keep the movie mysterious and suspensive, but they do not know how to do it.Take Jason, for example.Here is this desperately arrogant guy who is so full of himself and nasty with the women he divides the check on a date according to this that each person had, and as one of the first characters seen in the film after the brief history lesson on how poor Jeremy poor was treated, he is supposed to carry some significance. On top of that, and more importantly, it has the same initials as the little boy that all the girls terrorized in the sixth, and the same initials that are signed at the bottom of all those vicious Valentine's Day cards. <br /> <br /> It is not uncommon for the public to be deliberately and sometimes misleading the behavior of one or more characters who seem to be the main suspects, and Jason is a perfect example of effort, but not so. a good example of a successful effort. Of course, I thought for a moment that he could very well be the killer, but that's not the goal. We know from the beginning that he is terrible with women, which binds him to the little boy at the beginning of the film, but in the middle of the film, he appears at a party, seductive smiles at two of the main girls, and then their gives a hateful look and walks away, disappearing from the party and the movie without explanation. We already know that this is a cardboard character, but his role in the film was so badly thought that they simply removed it when they were done with it. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, the killer is true In fact, the identity was made difficult to predict in a subtle way and that, unfortunately, was also another scam. Early in the film, when Shelley stabs the killer in the leg with his own scalpel, he makes no noise, suggesting that the killer could be a woman keeping silent so as not to turn out as a woman, unlike everyone else suspect him. But for the rest of the movie, we just have that fierce, implacable, unstoppable killer with the emotionless mask and that gigantic butcher's knife. The director Jamie Blanks (who, with all due respect, seems to have had problems with the girls in sixth grade) mentioned being influenced by Halloween. This is, of course, totally useless, because it is so obvious to see how much it plagiarizes the film. The only difference between the murderer of Valentine and that of Michael Meyer is that Michael's mask was so much more effective and he had no problem with nosebleeds. This thing is shameless. <br /> <br /> In the end, there is a brief attempt to mislead us once again on the identity of the killer (with removal of the slow and elongated mask and the killer), but then we see Adam's nose starts to bleed as he holds Kate, his often reluctant girlfriend, and we know he's the killer from the beginning. Nothing in the film indicated that he could be the killer before the final act, and these unexplained nose bleeds were not the most skillful way to identify the real killer at the end of the film. Valentine is not scary (I watched her alone in an empty house after midnight and I was afraid of the dark as long as I can remember, and even I was not afraid), and the characters could to worry if it was not so obvious that they were going to die. I remember being impressed by the theatrical previews (although the film was faster in the theater than Battlefield Earth), but the end result is the same.
