Ouch, what a scary science fiction movie! And it's particularly sad, because the first 15 minutes were filled with action and full of potential! During the intro, we follow a group of nervous security agents and hired hitmen as they pursued a doctor who had escaped from a mysterious laboratory with a briefcase filled with top secret files. While he is about to reveal the supposedly horrible and inhumane events unfolding in the lab, he is executed. Figures ?? From then on, "the action" switches between two places, the aforementioned laboratory and the rural manor of a corrupt senator (or something like that), and it quickly becomes clear that the experiences are just the opposite to disturb. Rather dull, useless and vague. Scientists have selected four people at random without living parents and it is very important to tell the truth even if a giant machine reads the contents of their thoughts, anyway. They hide all dark secrets to their past and people suffer when they reveal themselves; However, I do not see how these tests could give rise to a device threatening humanity. Maybe I missed something, but I doubt it. Interactions between patients and doctors are even less interesting to follow, none of them having personality. In summary, "The Brain Machine" deals with a group of lame people living in a terribly decorated room. The film could also have been shorter by half an hour if there were not a thousand stagnant plans of buildings! The moves of the laboratory to the villa and vice versa are indicated EACH TIME by a shooting of five seconds of the places. Either the directors really needed this padding, or they simply assumed that all Sci-Fi viewers were morons unable to notice a change of location by themselves. Watching a neglected pool with a mansion in the background for the tenth time in just five minutes becomes quite annoying, I assure you. James Best's performance as a reverend with mental problems is rather decent, but a man certainly can not avoid this thing being an absolute waste of time. To avoid!
