Sensational. Watching this movie today, you can not help but be appalled by the writing of this film. Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young play a couple that in modern times could be featured in "The Jerry Springer Show" - because they have a sick and abusive relationship ... and inexplicably, writers seem to approve of it! <br /> <br /> The film begins with a hungry and homeless Loretta, exposed by the poor but very resourceful, Spencer Tracy. He shows her how easy it is to get by with money, and takes her home to her hut. It's never clear if they're getting married or not, and since this is a pre-code movie, you can assume they're not, even if they're cohabiting. Their relationship is very strange ... and rather sick. Although you can see that Tracy cares for her by her actions, he is verbally violent and a total fool ---, and Young runs back to look more like a dog. He calls him "lean" or "ugly" and these are, in a clumsy way, his way of using affections! Later, when he starts to frolic with another woman (Glenda Farrell), she tells her friend that if that's what he wants, it goes with it !!! It certainly sounds like a sadomasochistic relationship and you can not help but feel a little horrified. Of course, he does not hit her, but the relationship is very violent. To show how sick he is, when Young gets pregnant, she tells him "... it's your baby and it's mine, but you do not have to worry, I'll take it all blame "!! Yuck! Does not all this seem a bit like looking through a peephole in a sick and dysfunctional home ?! Later, in a case of art imitating life, Tracy proves what kind of man he is and disappears. After all, he can not be overwhelmed by a baby - even if it's his. But, he changes his mind and decides to go home. Wow ... it's a bit of him! And when he comes back, he is mean and acts as if he were left, he was not obliged to take care of the child !! And, she tells him that he is "a free man ... free like a bird"! Wow, I was almost in tears at that tender moment ... NOT! Soon, this crazy couple is married ... and, of course, Young is depressed because he seems to stay as long as it suits him - and not out of love or sense of responsibility. So, how can you save something with this kind of sick characters? What would you do? Well, as for the writers, they have Tracy soon commit a robbery to help pay for the snotty! The romantic aspects of the film are, to say the least, disappointing! During the flight, Tracy behaves like an idiot - doing almost nothing to take precautions to avoid being caught - as if secretly hoping to be sent to jail. And, to show he's nice, the guy he's trying to steal is one of his best friends. <br /> <br /> Although the film has something else to say, the bottom line is that Tracy is a fool and Young is an idiot in the movie. Although they are both very good actors, they could absolutely not get anything from this shit produced by the writers. Beautiful music, good scenery, good acting ... and a scenario 100% poo. The way the film is currently ranked 7.4 does not concern me and I wonder how we can ignore the terrible horror of the characters. A horrible failure that, in one way or another, did not destroy the career of the people involved. <br /> <br /> Oh, and if you're wondering if Loretta NEVER gets a spine in this movie or plays a bit of a strong character, the answer is NO! In the end, she learned nothing and did not change for the better. <br /> <br /> They certainly do not make movies as before ... and in this case ... thank you my God!
