can contain spoilers !!!! so I watched this movie last night on LMN (Lifetime Movie Network), which is not known for showing quality movies. THIS FILM IS AWFUL! I am always amazed that I looked at the whole thing, how terrible it was. Could this film contain more stereotypes? (Jewish harp mother who wants his son to be a doctor, Catholic family with priest sons, big crucifix in every room shown in the house of the Catholic family, Mexican whores, "naughty" guy who's really sweet at heart, incredibly bad country accent) GAG !!!! At first, I was intrigued by the fact that I had never heard of this film and, after seeing Cheryl Pollack and Corin Nemec, I decided to stay awake until 4am. anyway, the only thing that redeems this film is the beauty of Madchen Amick. I guess the roles of Pollack and Nemec are acceptable, but they have a horrible script to work on. unlike the other reviewer who commented on the lack of Texan accents (the movie is supposed to take place in Austin and where very few people have a twang), I think the accents were there (in secondary characters such as Mary margaret date and john) and were useless. they were also very very bad. I am so tired of Hollywood "southern" accents that look nothing like the region where the accent is supposed to come from. and since it was supposed to take place in Austin and filming there in 1991 would not have been expensive, I was expecting a lot of familiar shots of the city: the magnificent Capitol building , the illuminated UT tower for a winning football game, etc. None of these things were there. In addition, it takes about 5-6 hours to travel to Mexico from Austin. at some point in the movie, michael and his band take off for mexico to lose their virginity and are able to go away when it's dark (in summer and early fall, it's not dark in Austin before 9pm), spend time in Mexico get drunk and have sex with Mexican whores (are there any others?), then return to Austin at dawn. Although this is theoretically possible, it is NOT very likely. and if someone started school in the mountains (usually the third week of August, but perhaps in September 1960), he knows that if he does not want to faint under the influence of heat stroke, he does NOT wear his jacket! ! In August and September in Austin and the surrounding area, it is over 90 degrees. only people without body temperature would be stupid enough to wear a sweater or jacket on the first day of school. All in all, it's a very bad experience for TV movies.
