Announced by the seventh Australian channel as "the unpublished story", this mini-series is undone in the first five minutes by addressing the childhood and adolescence of the titular character in less time than a good director would put in place a single event. This cowardice and self-censorship inspired by the fear of offending anyone weighs on the series and is the cause of its failure. <br /> <br /> Robert Carlyle valiantly interprets the role of the most hated man of the twentieth century. it is blocked by two things. The lack of a decent dialogue coach in the series leaves his legacy of the UK's north blazing through his physical appearance, and the dialogue is sometimes truly catastrophic. Apparently, recognizing the fact that Hitler was raised in a Catholic family is forbidden, but insulting millions of Vikings and their descendants by making Carlyle say the most ridiculous remarks about Valhalla is entirely acceptable. Here's a clue for writers: Anyone familiar with Viking mythology will tell you that Valhalla is the epitome of honor and power in battle, two things the Nazis were quick to avoid the cunning of rats and stabbing. As long as we do not wake up and realize that Hitler was never excommunicated from the Catholic Church, it is because we would need the embarrassing recognition that he was a member of the old days, we did not will never learn what this terrible period of world history should teach us. <br /> <br /> So, now that we have managed to insult the Vikings and the citizens of the Scandinavian countries in this simulacrum, we could think that the series would stop there, but it is not the case. Stockard Channing's list in the opening credits was particularly frightening, given that his voice is heard and his face is seen, for about thirty seconds at most during the opening credits, making it clear that a greater number of Hitler sequences were shot. but not included because of a typical fear of state-nanny to offend anyone. It is also ironic that films or miniseries that give a much better idea of ​​Hilter's character do not present it at all. <br /> <br /> As long as we have not learned to end the truth and realize that the citizens of Germany have not generally been opposed to Hitler's views, and not necessarily out of ignorance, we will never learn to take into account that the subversions of democracy (yes, Germany was a democracy before Hitler) can happen anywhere, we are condemned. That's the only thing this mini-series was right to describe. Unfortunately, this element is lost in attempts to ensure that Hitler's religious beliefs appear to be those of a much more valiant people and the inability to make their way beyond the surface into any part of the subject . The David Letterman show was right when they shot short satirical segments on the show. They could as well have done a family sitcom with him as a star, that's how badly it's written. <br /> <br /> In the end, this politically correct farce of a bio-pic is worthless, but I have given two because Robert Carlyle certainly deserves better material than this one, and he is pretty much the only thing that works.
