There are so many puns to play on the spectacular Valentine's Day title that I do not know where to start. I will say this though; It's a film that makes me dream of the complexity of Valentine's Day cards that we distribute in elementary school. You know, those with Batman exclaiming, "You are a super-Valentine who is fighting crime!" <br /> <br /> Valentine is a slasher movie without the slightest hint of irony, one of the few horror movies of recent years ignoring the influence of Scream. The wicked is omniscient and almost invulnerable. Heroes are easily scared when people run around corners and catch them by the shoulders shouting "HeyIjustlefty my coat behind!" The score is more overwhelming than that of Norman Bates' mother. <br /> <br /> The intricate plot follows several childhood friends, now very tall and extremely curvy. As the film no longer gives them anything to do, they stay around and wait for a masked stalker to kill them one by one. This stalker seems to be former nerd Jeremy Melton, constantly rejected by women and beaten by men in high school. As Valentine's Day approaches, women begin to receive scary cards announcing their fate. Melton seems to be the obvious suspect. As many characters announce, the only problem is that in thirteen years, Melton could have changed appearance to become beautiful and beautiful. So (insert your terrified breath here) everyone is suspicious! <br /> <br /> Here is the first problem. To have any suspense while watching Valentine, you must accept a reality in which a high school nerd is able to become David Boreanaz. Nerds do not become Angel when they grow up, they become older, balder nerds. He is not a dreadful actor, but the screenplay, written by at least four writers, gives him and the rest of the cast nothing to do except shout and be noticed. Denise Richards (the biggest actress in Hollywood who has never played in Baywatch) is particularly exploited; most shamefully under the blatant excuse to put her in a swimsuit just before a crucial suspense scene. Note to myself: always bring a swimsuit to a Valentine's Day party. It is not because we are in February that you may not want to bathe a bit. <br /> <br /> Valentine's slasher dresses from head to toe with a black cherub mask. Here is the problem number two. The filmmakers have clearly thought that it would be a disturbing image to have on the head of someone who strikes people in the face with hot irons. Clear and simple, it is not. Instead, I simply wondered how a guy with a mask that covers his entire face, including his eyes and ears, can move so sneakily without bumping his shin on a chair or table. Again, given what Cupid's killer does, he may be able to teleport and his eyes are on his hands. <br /> <br /> Not only is the film bad, it does not even know who the killer is; the last "twist" is more "huh?" that "Hah!" When you do not scratch your head, you yawn, then moan, then look for the nearest exit. Do not watch this movie. Even if you are alone on Valentine's Day, find something, anything else to do. You will be glad to have done it.
