I am currently in Iraq doing a job that gives me plenty of time to watch movies. We also have access to many pirated movies. This jewel came with 11 other movies, and it's by far the worst I've seen in a long time. I have seen other critics say that this film does not take itself too seriously, but really, I think it's a cover for the fact that it's horrible. This is not the language in the cheek, the writers have really thought improve the movie Blade. This movie is just a step up from Vampire Assassin, which I recommend you do not see. At least, this movie is so bad that you will laugh louder than you thought. This is just so much without any quality that never redeems. from bad acting to visual cliché (ie opening credits) to special adobe effects first. they could not even get white for weapons, which may have to do with where the film was shot, but if you're going to use effects, make them close to reality. As for the actors, it seems that they just went to a tae bo class and picked up the first not very ugly chick that came out. Again, like Ron Hall in Vampire Assassin, do not let the stuntmen act, they can not. In addition, the comment that it would be a "return of old vampire movies" ... no, this is not the case. That's exactly what all new vampire movies are. Buffy against the vampires, Blade, Underworld, they all talk about a super star fighting the vampires. He's the last kind of vampire, with bad blood, shouting and a cheeky look. obviously, anyone who has written a good review about it is somehow related to the movie, or casting friends. But what do I care about, I paid 33 cents for that. Anyway, to conclude, someone in his first semester of film school decided to make a film, I give them credit because it's better than what I could do. Of course, I also know that I can not make movies, so I'm not trying. I do, however, know how to watch movies. I work 12 hours a night, 6 days a week. I have seen many thousands a year and it was so bad that in the middle of the road I was hoping for a mortar attack.
