Karen (Bobbie Phillips) mentions, after one of her children escapes her lame jokes, that she will never survive this trip ... boy, does she still have money? Karen is a teacher who takes her group of children from Shepley College of Historical Studies to the ugly bazaar of a dilapidated mansion in Ireland's grand bazaar. There are certainly more peaceful places in this country than that ?! Manor guard Gary (Simon Peacock) warns Karen and her students to stay on the road and not get lost in the forest. There is a myth about the Sawney Bean clan, a consanguineous cannibal druid family celebrating Samhain (late summer, Oct. 31) "Feast of the Dead" where sacrifices are needed to appease the spirits. Gary is supposed to be clairvoyant, says his cousin Pandora (Ginger Lynn Allen), because he was born in Samhain. Funny, because he does not really see the results or does not even give precise advice. Almost everyone dies (even those who never get out of the way) and he does not even see his own horrible fate. What we hear breathing is that this monster is suffering from too much consanguinity ... his face looks like a malformed mushroom and it looks like a hideous rejection of a picture of Mad Max. It does not take long before "the evil breeder" kills everyone. Paul (Howard Rosenstein) is Karen's love interest who made the wrong decision in Ireland without knowing it in advance of his girlfriend. <br /> <br /> The horror of the slasher formula is no exception to the norm. Its tiny budget pops up and the characters are snapshots of the assembly line again meant to be slaughtered in the usual way. Most of the violence passes quickly through the screen without emphasizing the death of the breeder towards his victims. There is a lot of courage during quick montages when a scene goes from one scene to another. Seeing Gillian Leigh's beautiful naked body for a moment or two is not enough to recommend it. Phil Price has the really ugly trickster character, Steve, who often launches bad jokes. How can he bring Barbara de Leigh naked in the shower for some action? We guess, because I do not see why he would have a chance with such a hottie. Brandi-Ann Milbrant has the lucky role of Shae, the intelligent and silent little girl (who is also very sexy) who, we know, will be the one chosen by the scenario to survive. Jenna Jameson goes long enough for her heart to cut off her chest (at least we see her breasts for a moment before her chest is open) with a few lines about two missing friends she's looking for. The main problem of the film is that the development of the story and characters is at a standstill, because it is realized that none of them is interesting. The director Christian Viel therefore lets his monster go wild, causing carnage and erasing an entire distribution almost at once. within ten minutes. Oh, and Richard Grieco has a minor opening as a victim who walked away from the path leading to the tent camp with his girlfriend.
