In 1914, Charlie Chaplin started taking pictures. These were made for Mack Sennett (also known as "Keystone Studios") and were literally out of order very quickly. The little comedies had very little structure and were completely liberated. As a result, the movies, although popular in their day, were simply horrible by today's standards. Many of them have a great similarity to the movies at home featuring obnoxious parents mugging for the camera. Many others show that characters wander in front of the camera and do practically nothing. And whatever the result, Keystone sent them directly to the theaters. My assumption is that all films from this era must have been pretty bad, because the Keystone films with Chaplin were very successful. <br /> <br /> Charlie Chaplin as we know and love today began to evolve later in his Keystone career. In 1915, he signed a lucrative new contract with Essenay Studios. The films improve considerably with Chaplin as a director. However, these films were sometimes still very difficult and not very memorable. No, Chaplin as the cute Little Tramp was still evolving. In 1916, when he moved to Mutual Studios, his films improved once again and he became the most recognizable cool guy - in many previous movies he was just a fool (getting drunk a lot, beating women, provoke fighting with innocents, etc.). The final evolution from his status as a little tramp to classic status took place in the 1920s as a result of his feature films. <br /> <br /> It is interesting to note that this film is called TWENTY MINUTES D'AMOUR since it only lasts about 10 minutes. minutes! Never mind. The intrigue, the little that there is, involves the little wanderer in the park. A couple wants to shake their heads, but inexplicably, Charlie insists on sitting on the couple's lap and really annoying them. I can not understand why and the short film is made up of Charlie wandering in the park annoying these people and a few others later in the film. Maybe he was looking for a trio, I do not know. But the film lacks coherence and is not particularly funny, even when people slap and push themselves in the lake. A typical mediocre effort before Chaplin begins to give his character a plot and a personality.
