First of all, it deserves about 5 stars for the acting game (some would give me a better subjective opinion and NOT objective as it should be by giving this one, WELL MÉRED, star), but I know that these facts are used for the actor (S) NAMES to increase the rating of something like this ... <br /> <br /> I have a problem with such productions; yet another attempt (just as "impossible to find") of a systematic propaganda function promoting the intrusion of your rights by the government (what benefit there is for the IPS suppliers to try "preferentially" = CENSOR information, and that Americans and Canadians are fighting AGAINST that at this precise moment). This time, it's not about misleading torrent file transfers (it was meant to remind you of such a feeling every time you transfer data over the internet), but literally trying to create a frustrated population in his outfit. FEAR LIKE PROMOTION IS THE NORMAL OF HOLLYWOOD THESE DAYS, especially with regards to thrillers, which is the most "on demand" movie genre of the last two decades = most views, the best way to influence society as a whole. Such levels of violence are described in these 2 characteristics of moral and "ethical" people, which gives a much needed new sense to "anti-hero" characters. make no mistake, it's not "DEXTER", which was supposed to be a high quality entertainment. STOP SELLING "FEAR" please, the world would be a better place without him and the dollars that are made of it. <br /> <br /> The opening scene and the first 10 minutes usually give a scary image of a Babbage Erroll who clearly suffers from sexual frustration. the way he treats the black male is very disturbing, even racist (for sure, a "cliche" at least) (in real life, someone would probably have been beaten for that, you'll see what I mean) . the second scene (with the character of Claire Danes) is even more extreme. at that time, I realized, in my opinion, that Erroll Babbage is a very dangerous individual for those around him. How many people who have seen or will see this film have never been "held back" (with respect to both sexes) out of self, Common gratification!?. Typically, the film gives an extreme case of CRIMINAL (which unfortunately, is and is likely to reproduce sometimes, somewhere) BUT fingers all the others indirectly as well as "you could become that", etc. with Sigmund Freud and Jung will know very well that sexuality is not something to judge, let alone "culs", by a "hero" so fanatic here. EXCEPT sex in its many forms IS healthy and not an evil which apparently the character of Richard Gere is obsessed, en route for a sexual "crusade". Have we learned nothing from the many recent scandals involving priests and young boys !? or how long can an American teenager see extreme violence on "pg-13" but he can not even see a woman's breast before "R-18"!?!? (Yet the industry targets them with the same sexual perversions as "American Pie" for example). Pupils children's tester-one levels, but frustrates them and buries them in the development of fetishes to unhealthy EXTREMES! all sexual activities (on mutual acceptance) better integrate individuals than some "just" case of nuts, which attributes its misfortunes and flaws to "the lives of others" (a new German film that would work very well to compare these two distinct and distinct worlds characteristics on the same subject). Here, as in this film, you will probably appreciate actors who describe the opposite of what they should have been. <br /> <br /> I am very disappointed with Richard Gere, especially after the recent "hunting party", a topic where he really shines and speaks of a more realistic "hero" (after real facts also ). But it just reminds me that all these people are just actors who are paid to play the political and political role of someone. social agenda. "the flock" and "not found" 2 heads of the same hidden beast))) that reminds you, if you know anyone who has similar views on the subject as ALL, like Erroll Babbage to those who are here, to avoid them for THEIR own safety. they would kill my family faster than any chance on Paul Jerrod's 00001 in anyone's life ... <br /> <br /> in the end, I recommend it to anyone who thinks negatively here about MY "evaluation" of this particular film case (and "not found" actually), so you can probably have the same thoughts as me. Nothing sweeter than a propaganda film shooting in the "foot".)))) For once I agree with the note, it's not a feature for teens or children; simply because, at best, confuse them even more than the "common" belief of "money + celebrity + fashion" and its relationship to sexuality. The "scream" series and movies as such have at least one defined entertainment value (though, in my opinion, a stupid game). but this one is just another "believe me I know what is good for you" deeply (not so well I would add) subliminal messages.
