Although THE FLOCK has a very good acting from veteran Richard Gere, and some good plans that might remind some days, the film stretches its credibility to breaking point and is destroyed against a conspiracy that leads really zero share. The film is about Erroll Babbage (Gere) who works for the security department and is preparing to retire. His office imposes his replacement, Allison Lowry (Claire Danes, STARDUST), who quickly discovers that Babbage is obsessed with his work. And this job is not very fun. He monitors hundreds of parolees in his jurisdiction. Allison accompanies Erroll many calls to check his "flock" of offenders and learns that he desperately needs to retire. But Erroll does his job well, even if his methods are not. He makes fun of sexual predators and even has physical conflicts with them. Erroll justifies his actions by evoking the past of these deviants. It is this "good justification" that challenges the audience to a certain level, letting us see how brutal Erroll is and yet how inaccessible he is (being too close to his job). <br /> <br /> When a teenage girl disappears into Erroll's "zone", he immediately comes to the conclusion that he has been abducted by one of his flocks. But how could he know? Is Erroll so good at his job? Allison challenges him and Erroll pushes him away. Their fights become as ferocious as Erroll's need to find that missing girl. <br /> <br /> Although the installation of this story is going well, it did not have a footprint! But I want to thank Richard Gere, who plays the character of Erroll very well. Battle of the retreat. Worried for everyone who is near his flock. Disgusted by those he is responsible for overseeing. Disgusted with having to do some things he does. A whole change in the description of the characters for Gere. But behind him there is not much else. Some sets are acceptable (dark and dangerous), but there are so many other problems that it is laughable to do so. <br /> <br /> I will be the first to admit that it is essential to suspend disbelief when watching a movie. But this suspension has limits. The biggest push against these limits is the destruction of EXTREMELY vital crime scenes. Someone as meticulous as Erroll SAIT that moving a body would be a huge no-no. Or trample a crime scene. Or moving evidence. It goes beyond and hurts the film. <br /> <br /> The other damaging part of this film is that we never get into the character of Clair Danes, Allison. She almost went down at the end of the film and we are never aware of her intension: will she stay or will she leave? Will she finish like Erroll if she stays? This is not a horrible movie because it addresses an uncomfortable moral motive, but the story as a whole had to be tightened.
