That's how ... you insert the DVD and the most professional logo you see in the next 90 minutes is the logo of the distribution company. And at this point you know that you have just been shaken. <br /> <br /> Generally, people trust you enough to assume that if something has been put on DVD, it will reach a certain level - unless financially if not creatively. But unfortunately, this is not the case. Distribution companies are perfectly happy to launch together DVDs of amateur films and send them directly to the stores to await the unsuspecting buyer attracted by the well-designed DVD sleeve. Kevin J Lindenmuth, an independent horror film pioneer, is arguably one of the founders of this genre, as he is also behind many other low-budget werewolf movies - "Rage of the Werewolf" , "Werewolf Tales" and so on. <br /> <br /> "The blood of the werewolf" is composed of three short stories of independent werewolves with no real connection other than the fact that they deal with hereditary metamorphs. The first segment, "Blood Reunion", set the tone for all that ... a man goes back to his hometown to look for a girl who has a crush to see that his dominatrix grandmother refuses to let her have relationships with people. men and for reasons that are somehow related to a dark family secret. This slice is badly headed, misdirected and, basically, nothing better than what you could create yourself with a few friends and a home video camera. <br /> <br /> The second story, "Old Blood", is probably the strongest of the three and is led by Lindenmuth himself. It tells the story of a lesbian couple, one of whom is shapeshifter and the other wants to get that power. Her wish is granted, but she does not become the creature she has envisioned. This short film shows that Lindemuth has more talent and experience than other filmmakers who have worked on this project, but not enough to surpass it at the amateur film level. <br /> <br /> And finally, we have "Manbeast", in which an army guy runs through the woods while being chased by two other guys. They want to kill him because he was bitten by the beast and it is believed dangerous, but everything might not be as it seems. This one has an interesting concept, but it turned out too long, and if you do not guess what is the "twist" in the first ten minutes, then you're probably not too bright. That pretty much sums up the problem of all this DVD ... Some good ideas just are not enough to justify spending money on something like that. After all, would you pay for an image that you could have painted yourself?
