First of all, I would like to say that I really like the "Ladies' Man" sketch on SNL. I always laugh aloud at Tim Meadows' portrayal of Leon Phelps. However, there is a difference between an 8-minute sketch and a feature film. Watching Leon do his show and make obscene comments to his listeners and find all kinds of segments for his show, like "The Ladies Man Presents ...", which recalls "Alfred Hitchcock Presents ...", is absolutely hilarious. There is a big episode in which Cameron Diaz plays Monica Lewinski, and Leon plays Bill and they call him "The Oral Office". You see, it's funny !!! <br /> <br /> In the film, we do not see Leon very often on the show. In fact, he is expelled from almost every radio station in the country. And the plot revolves around his quest for true love, involving a mysterious letter that was filed on his houseboat, signed "Sweet Thing". Karyn Parsons, famous for playing Hillary in "Fresh Prince of Bel Air", collaborates with him in the series and has a secret crush on Leon. The film stacks a boring sub-plot after another. And the gags are boring too. The first time we see Leon mention the word "wang", it's pretty funny. When he uses it again and again, supposed to try to make people laugh, the joke has dried up. Most of the jokes he uses in the movie are jokes that we've heard before and that we've improved on the SNL skit and play hard for an hour and twenty-five minutes. They even try to insert a musical number of Will Ferrell and his gang of Ladies' Man haters, all of whom want to destroy him because their wives had an affair with him, to give a little life to this comedy without spirit . Ferrell has fun moments and tries to make the most of an otherwise funny role. Ferrell just has that unique comic talent, and he's funny in almost everything he does. Even Julianne Moore gets a cameo. You can not help but watch it: "What is an Oscar-winning actress doing in this movie ?? !!!!" His name was not mentioned in the opening credits - probably by his consent. And of course, a film of this theme must include the Master of Love, Billy Dee Williams. Billy Dee is charismatic as always, but even he can not give enough life to this film. I must also add that the soundtrack is very successful R & B, which further alters the film by giving it a horribly degraded tone - as if the scenario was not enough annoying. I mean, it's "supposed" to be a comedy. The soundtrack would have been appropriate for something like "Love Jones". <br /> <br /> "The man with women" has only sporadic laughter. There are exceptions in which SNL can produce a good movie from a short drawing. Watch the two films from "Wayne's World" and you'll see how it goes. But this film, like the adaptation of Mary Catherine Gallagher's character on the screen of "Superstar", shows the opposite. Some sketches are intended to be memorized on SNL and not on a big screen. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
