I used to review Joe Bob Briggs' legendary We Are The Weird video. I saw a lot of traffic jams, but it was by far the worst, and the years were not benevolent - it remains the most indecent crime against the cinema I've ever witnessed. Do not get me wrong, CAGED TERROR is theoretically more proficient than, say, MONSTER-A-GO-GO or THE GUY FROM HARLEM or something like that. What reinforces his claim as the worst film of all time for me is his unique blend of naked skills and paralyzing pretensions. Is this a comment on Vietnam? An ecological protest? An incitement to racial riot? A study of the inhumanity of man towards man? A new exercise padding sequences of nature on a (almost) length? In short: a young urban professional (probably the most disgusting screen character of all time) somehow seduces a nubile associate American-Asian camping in the woods with him. After having beaten her at the front with a quasi-philosophical slap for nearly an hour, they meet two wandering veterans, the unforgettable Jarvis (a fair brother) and the Troubadour (the lucky guitarist who rejects the Manson family). Hey, a twist of the plot! Voltage! Action! Suspense! Well, no, just a culminating scene to lock in a scene of improvised beef thread, a henhouse and a slight depreciation. The victim in question looks at the kidnappers and mumbles, "No ... no ... please ... do not ..." Meanwhile, Jarvis talks about the Troubadour with the word "Trouby" both minutes, reminding nothing more than the extraterrestrial star of POD PEOPLE by Juan Picquer. That's about all that happens in CAGED TERROR, and such a summary may make it almost tolerable. But believe me, I've seen thousands of movies in my life, and this one remains, for eight years, the worst. (I put it in the old VCR about every two years to reassure myself and I certainly am.) I think that the element that makes CAGED TERROR so particularly odious is the following: very little happens and well happens pretty badly and slowly enough, which makes it really unstoppable is the stifling feeling that filmmakers REALLY, REALLY REALLY send you some kind of message in the throat. But because CAGED TERROR is so incompetent and ineffective, what was supposed to be a lesson in civic education becomes an intensive class in which the look is uncomfortable. This film lasts 75 minutes and gives about three and a half hours. It's terrible, really really terrible. People, believe me, I've seen ghosts that are still moving and this one is worse. Go see him! You will thank me. And curse me. Just for the record, my favorite phrase: (in CAGED TERROR but maybe forever) "Yeah, well, you probably think the Song of Songs was an allegory of Christ's love for the church ...!" (NOTE: Must be delivered in a concerted condescension tone.)
