Please, have fun, if you will, for a minute while I read you the back of the ALLEY CAT box. He says: <br /> <br /> In this part of the city, every street is a stalemate - at every corner, something to buy - in every lane, another way to die - To survive, you have to be the best - just like the cat Alley. Alley Cat - this lady is the owner of the night. In the streets where even predators become victims, she knows how to survive - cross her and you're out of luck. Alley Cat - This animal is excited. <br /> <br /> Is not this one of the most pathetic things you've ever heard in your life? Those who write this must be crazy if they think that such a horrible description might inspire us to watch the video. Unfortunately, no matter the faceless character responsible for this tragic use of English, his work is only too effective ... the film contained in the small plastic case IS as bad as it looks, and even more so. <br /> <br /> Karin Mani plays the title role and the script tells her essentially, at each scene: a) Pout like a goldfish b) Kick in the male ass or c) Show her feminine "attributes" . I'm not complaining about this one, but as for the other two ... Let's say she's not really an actress and she's even less convincing as a martial arts expert. But even Meryl Streep with Cynthia Rothrock's body (what a scary thought) would fail to save this movie. The unfolding of the plot is boring beyond belief, as we get an unnecessarily directed battle sequence, stopping only for hysterical courtroom shenanigans and occasional love scenes causing gossip with Robert Torti . Filming also follows the same path of shame, with far too many useless close-ups and abundant errors of continuity. <br /> <br /> The part I think really sums up this sarcophagus of a movie is where our heroine is sexually assaulted and finds herself testifying in front of a corrupt judge while her rich kid rapist stares at her . Not only does he survive unscathed despite the overwhelming evidence against him, but she herself is imprisoned for daring to protest the verdict before His Honor. Behind the bars, she then takes a group shower, a crush on lesbians, some cat fights and a sweaty volleyball match before being released on bail to continue her fight. This ten minute section has nothing to do with the rest of the movie and the script stops to encompass it. I can only imagine that the producers wanted to add a few more answers to these questions and proposed this useless subplot to achieve this goal. <br /> <br /> What type of question raises the following question: Is it an exploitation film or a serious drama? My answer to that either ... it's not sordid enough and not enough to please movie fans at Troma, and it certainly does not do the trick like an exploration of a woman's fight against the system ... all just because it's so horrible. So, who would want to see him on earth? Whimsical, I guess .. or IMDb critics who stay awake until 3 pm and watch the old garbage on the box while trying to fall asleep. Unfortunately, on this occasion, I failed and the horrors will stay with me for a while. Do not make the same mistake I made. Take a hot milk or something. 1/10
