I see a lot of positive reviews on this forum, trying to give back to this film its mediocre status and start a cult following. I see the usual speech - "I guess this movie is just not for those who are easily offended", "This movie is not Shakespeare", etc. Guess what? "Road Trip" either! And I burst out laughing during this movie! There is a way to make a raw and tasteless comedy and make people laugh. and there is a way to ... just make it raw and tasteless. "Whipped" tries to be "swinger" without spirit or intelligence. It seems to have been written through the childish eyes of a 14-year-old boy. For God's sake, the characters in this film are supposed to be right-wing citizens and white-collar workers - and they speak like some of the idiots I knew in the first year of high school! The dialogue is laced - rather as drowned - with four-letter words. One would think that people of their status would have some intelligence - and a more complete vocabulary. Watch a movie by Whitman Stillman and you'll see the difference. Not to mention the fact that the dialogue seems totally unrealistic and downright caricatural. If you know white-collar businessmen who speak like the characters in this movie, let me know and introduce them to me. Their boring sexual joke is equivalent to that of the classic chatter between teens who arrive at puberty. There is absolutely NO glimpse of relationships, sex or ... anything !!! It's just a bad excuse to present a range of extremely - and do not take the word "extremely" for granted, because I think it with all my heart - raw gags. These are gags without substance. Pranks that are more for moans than laughter. The scene at the end between Amanda Peet and her friends was totally irrevocable and totally unconvincing. Some films involving interactions between women have been written by men (heterosexuals) and are going very well. This scene involves a barrage of sexual metaphors and gestures. This involves the kind of dialogue you can never imagine leaving a woman's mouth. It was one of those scenes remarkably written by a guy. I did not believe it for a second. <br /> <br /> "Whipped" is a pure male fantasy as flat as it is boring. I had (very) little laugh about this completely forgettable comedy, and these were probably the result of a desperation. When you do not laugh for a long time, you are desperate for humor in the most trivial things. So, I would not say that this is positive.
