Being a music student myself, I thought that a film in a conservatory could be fun to watch. I did not know much ... (I did not know this movie was based on a Britney Spears book). This film was implausible. It is obvious that whoever wrote the screenplay has never set foot in a conservatory and has no knowledge of classical music. Let me give you just a few examples: 1) It is not possible for anyone to be admitted to a classical conservatory without any classical training! Having a nice pop voice is not enough, besides, it's a completely different thing - another genre, a different technique. It's like playing the violin when you apply for a viola class. 2) How is it that the lady teaching the theory of music was in the singing jury? If she was not a singing teacher herself, she would have no say in such a situation, and if she was a singing teacher, why did not we say it? 3) Being able to read music is a necessity if you are major in music. 4) How did Angela get this videotape? This would have been kept confidential for the eyes of the jury only. Now, either she got the tape from one of the teachers, or the writers just did not have a clue. I'm wondering which one ... 5) The singing teacher gave Holly Carmen's song saying that she "had range", which she clearly did NOT. Yes, she was able to sing the notes, but Carmen is a mezzo-soprano, while Holly's voice seemed to be a lot clearer in the timbre, not at all compatible with that song. 6) The worst of all: not only does the film show shocking ignorance about classical music, but it does not even try to hide it. The air Angela sings is mutilated, impossible to recognize, which is painfully flagrant at the recital, where it is cut in a scandalous way: Mozart would roll in his grave. Carmen's Habanera sometimes sounded a bit weird too, and the way it was rearranged at the end shows how much producers really think about classical music - it's stiff and boring but well, add some drums and electric guitars and it's almost as good as Britney Spears! I know these are all minor details, but it would have been so easy to avoid them with just a little research. Be that as it may, I might have chosen to suspend my disbelief if the characters and plot had been well crafted. But without that, I can not really find any quality that buys in this movie, except one: it's good to laugh.
