I was excited when I heard that they were finally transforming this horrible event into a movie. All the time (Southern California 1980s) and his subject (drug industry and porn) intrigue me. I thought it would be a hit. I was not thrilled with Kilmer's choice as Holmes, they are not alike in physical appearance or manners. I suppose he sells tickets? However, I was willing to forget that and give it a fair shot. I was a little shocked that there were only four people in the whole theater with me on the first day of screening. Now, all the crime and the story of the movie are hard to do, I'll admit it. There was no witness to this very violent and brutal act. John Holmes was present, but he was also a pathological liar and worried about what would happen to his family (and himself) if he spoke to the police. In fact, Holmes never really testified about what happened and the crime was not solved. So it was always a great mystery, a mystery on which this film does nothing to enlighten. The person who wrote the script was very discreet and most of the main characters died. However, there is no real scenario, it is a fragmented claprap. The scenario is light and the actors strive to strengthen the lines of paper by doing too much. The film gives no idea of ​​Holmes or the other people involved. The character of Kilmer disappears for long periods, his girlfriend is bland, the police is a joke. Even Kudrow strives to give a fragile role a substantial appearance. It's a very shallow piece and I dare say, boring. The director even tries to turn it into a love story. Which is good, unless you know what John Holmes is really like. Two views of Anderson's "Boogie Nights" might have been useful here. "Boogie Nights" was innovative and exciting in every respect. This film however was flat and without any charm or style. Even the music is out of place, Duran Duran being played in a scene supposed to have taken place in 1980. Then we have Gordon Lightfoot? Gordon Lightfoot? There could have been a great movie based on this macabre event, but I have not seen it yet. I have not seen a decent movie yet (unless you consider the Boogie Nights Rahad Jackson scene).
