Takashi Shimizu had a great opportunity with a remake of his original movie Ju-On The Grudge. Even though I have not seen this movie, I have to bet that there is more imagination and originality (or some rogue originality, in other words a skill with the known tropes of the Japanese ghost movie) than in his own remake made. Maybe the script was written to have some distorted appeal, or I guess guess accessibility, for an American audience. What starts with a potential - the suggestion that something very damn is happening with the sudden movement of Bill Pullman - is just sinking into a total mess. And like a horror movie? Give me a break. <br /> <br /> One could have created a tension: a nurse will take care of a disturbed woman in a haunted house - but he understands everything he wants to make his audience feel. Fears? How about synchronized music so you know exactly when to expect something. A black cat? Yeah, why do not you just make the ghost character sound like a creepy cat that, in fact, is only if you want cats. Ground? Why not simply mix the past and the present without any semblance of a real flow of how a story could be told (meaning, while flashbacks are inserted and are meant to be organic with the story in general , they are not), or for that matter It does not matter that we have to worry about anyone in the casting. <br /> <br /> At the moment when the characters, or those who are there to expose them, manage to tell us what is happening or whatever, there is no need to worry. The film is of poor quality (that is, the 180-degree rule is broken repeatedly and not intriguingly or forgivably), and the performance is wooden, even frightened or shocked (Gellar in particular is disappointing, but Pullman, who comes later after his first scene, is hurting badly). Even when Shimizu tries to scare an average old Boo, as when the woman is in the office building and is being chased by Grudge's ghost, it's still silly. Just look when she climbs into that elevator and the ghost is in the background of the shots. Either you will go with it, and if more power to you, or you will laugh hysterically at the result. Count me in the latter case. <br /> <br /> I'm not quite sure about the failure of this project - did Shimizu have to re-equip it for the studios or did it leave him a margin maneuver sufficient to rearrange his vision? Or maybe Raimi had a say and made things more confusing and / or boring than they would be with anyone else. The Grudge gives us a lot of information that makes no sense or at least gives us a horrible goosebumps to chew on. It's cineplex trash of a sad order.
