There are many extremely beautiful people in this movie. It's probably the best thing about it. It may even be worth looking at. <br /> <br /> "Loaded" tells the story of Tristan Price (Jesse Metcalfe), a young man who is about to mark the world. He is the son of a wealthy family with a good reputation and is about to go to law school. But like so many settings, things are not as perfect as they appear. Expectations in this family far exceed love. With the exception of the school, Tristan's father rarely lets him leave the house. This seems to be the result of a past traumatic event that shook the family, which is partially revealed by flashbacks but is not spelled out until the end. Tristan's claustrophobic environment makes him give up at the first opportunity when his friends take him to a strip club to celebrate his graduation. The celebration soon follows some strippers back to an evening at the beach house, and from there, Tristan befriends Sebastian Cole (Corey Large), which drives him into an underground world of traffic. drug. The film suffers from a dull script and an uncomfortable scenario. This film also contains constant camera turns that seemed generally annoying and out of place, such as slow motion, fast motion, freeze frame and echoes. These are the types of effects that an administrator can normally use to show a character's point of view when he is drugged, except that in this case, they appear to have been thrown sporadically at random times, as part of an inexpensive style attempt. > Despite its relative unknowns, the performances were good, especially with regard to the main antagonist (Corey Large). I guess we will see at least some of these people in bigger and better projects in the future. <br /> <br /> Of course, when I mention the actors, I have to mention their appearance. This movie got a rating of 11. The women in this movie have an amazing look and almost distract you from the boring movie you are watching. I'm sure that male characters are also very attractive, but you will have to ask someone else to comment on it. <br /> <br /> All in all, I can not recommend this movie, not for buying, renting, or even seeing for free. Unfortunately, this is simply not worth the effort to sit still.
