Well, what are the chances! At a time when some Redneck amateur scientists are discovering cave paintings that indicate that a type of dinosaur monster would have inhabited the area thousands of years ago, a burning meteor crashes into the lake and spontaneously hatches from a monster egg that rests there ?? for over a thousand years, I guess! "The Crater Lake Monster" is a movie that must literally be seen, but you should do it with friends and a bunch of ganja to make it easier to digest. Yes, it's a dreadful movie, with a dreadful scenario and many irrelevant padding interludes that are downright embarrassing, but it's as irresistibly charming and so clumsily constructed that you simply have to cherish some kind of fondness for it. Half of the movie ?? at least ?? revolves around the crazy adventures of Arnie and Mitch. These two local yokels own and operate a boat rental shop near the lake, but spend most of their days picking their noses and quarreling over fascinating things like spelling the word "bait". It is mainly during their prototypical Laurel & Hardy situations that new pools of blood or decapitated heads are discovered in the lake. Steve Hanson, the heroic sheriff but not quite fiercely, only deals with the case, but only if he is not too busy chasing down thugs of big cities that cross the area. Halfway through the film, there is suddenly a steep scene in which a thug devours an alcohol store and kills two people. This "WTF" moment in textbooks seems to be spreading across the country, as in New York or elsewhere, and has absolutely nothing to do with the events taking place in Crater Lake. Only twenty minutes later, the thief reappears in Hicksville and there is an "exhilarating" chase through the woods, ending with the hungry muzzle of the Dino. The absurd little details in "The Crater Lake Monster" are too numerous to mention! For example, this is probably the only creature feature in which players discover the gigantic footprint required AFTER they have already spotted the monster. Gaffes in continuity should be legendary in my case. It's as if everyone forgot to pay attention. The night turns from dusk to day and comes back to dusk? all along the same diurnal journey! The monster is undeniably the best aspect of the film, especially as it is achieved through good stopping effects and adorable stop-motion effect. The pretty creature is a plesiosaur; meaning an aquatic dinosaur looking like a cross between Denver the last dinosaur and an alligator. "Crater Lake Monster" is a unique and unforgettable cinematic experience that I can only encourage you to search! The bad rating 1 out of 10 is just out of principle (and because basically it's a very bad movie) should be put in perspective because I could as well have given it 10 out of 10 for the only entertainment value .
