Well, maybe I just have a bad time with Hindi movies lately. I asked the guy from the video store for Apharan (Prakash Jha) but being a new version, was not available yet. So I had to settle for this one. It's the most stupid Hindi movie I've seen (and I've seen a lot of it). No wonder BOllywood is the laughing stock of the world! If IMDb had negative ratings, I would give Garam Masala a score of -10. <br /> <br /> I remember seeing a TV show on the premiere of their jazzy outing in Mumbai. All the usual stars and their sideys came. For some strange reason, people expect good things from Piyadarashan. I did not like Hulchul, Hungama or his other films. Hulchul, probably dubbed Tamil or Telugu, turned out to be a very strong ticket that did not make sense, except in a Bollywood movie. This last piece of complete CXXP proved that this guy has no brains. Who made him a director, even a Bollywood director? <br /> <br /> Anyway, to the movie now. What begins as a romantic getaway turns into a non-sensual women's hunt. Two fashion photographers working for a magazine share an apartment (is not it like in No Entry where the two guys work for a gossip magazine and share an office? Jezuz Christ, now they copy their own stories!) Some cooks or leaders who try to help one of the dodos in his quest for multi-lateral love (multi-tasking + multi-timing). What happened at the end, I have no idea. I turned off halfway. What a ridiculous junk. I can not believe they even published it. And what sadism to wallow in their own filth! For which audience did they succeed - the poor, illiterate Indian masses (700 million at the last count) or the rich NRIs living in Phoren? In any case, it does not matter. Neither group has the slightest idea what makes a good movie and probably deserves something so horrible. <br /> <br /> This is a short review because there is nothing to write about this, except for the usual bag of quality-F garbage. Bollywood should change its name and become Follywood. And yes, this review is much better than the movie itself.
