I have never understood why some people hate Bollywood movies: they have charismatic actors, excellent dance numbers and an exacerbated emotion. What does not love? What I did not realize was that I had only seen the upper crust of Bollywood. Then I watched "Garam Masala". I could tell from the first scene that it was not a movie I was going to like (the film begins with a montage of the two main characters driving into a city and seemingly happening randomly on a series of photo montages full of gyratory models), but I kept hoping things would get better. Unfortunately, they did not do it. The main problem is that the two protagonists, Mac & Sam, are completely unfriendly. They spend all the film lying to women - and lying brutally - to put them to bed, and the public is supposed to find that funny, and be charmed. The boys are unscrupulous and incompetent, and not in a kind way. Mac even goes so far as to get one of the women drugged to prevent her from discovering her cheating. The script is extremely poor, with repetitive scenes, configurations that never lead to anything, and illogical actions and statements on the part of the characters. In fact, the characters are never really developed. Males are sneaky and greedy and women are simply interchangeable. If you watch this film, you will think that the "stewardess" is quite easy to pass from man to man. In reality, treason is not so funny. <br /> <br /> The only positives I found in the film are a dance number composed of brilliant sets and some giggling moments featuring aspects of the French farce and the slamming door game . But Bollywood dance is best enjoyed in films choreographed by Farah Khan and, to break the beard, you can also go straight to the silent comedies of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd, who seem to have influenced the writer / director Priyadarshan. Priyadarshan also took a false credit for inventing the story: the basic premise of the plot is stolen from the 1960 piece entitled "Boeing Boeing". Marc Camoletti, the original author of this work, is credited nowhere. At least Priyadarshan changed the title for this remake, rather than shamelessly using the original without giving credit, as he did in his 1985 version of this same tale. (According to the IMDb credit list.)
