Based on horror writer Stephen King's new average of ancient and immortal cat-like creatures called "Sleepwalkers" that suck the lives of virgins for that energy to support them. They have supernatural abilities "That means they become invisible and can create subliminal mirages to deceive people.They have been fleeing humans for centuries, told us and were kidnapped one by one until they The film begins when a stepmother and her son arrive in a sleepy town, sleep the last of sleepwalkers, and watch for virgins to feed themselves. so that he can find a virgin, he does it (Madchen Amick) and tries to make her stay alone so that he can suck her.The reason why the mother can not look for the virgins herself is not This would make things easier because teens are much more likely to follow a beautiful older woman in an isolated area than a teenager who follows a teenager, but her plans are thwarted as the girl defends herself, thrusting a The police are called and the hunt is launched! The son is sick of his wounds and the mother is unleashed as she kills cops in search of the girl who has hurt her son and tells painfully insignificant stories in the middle of the gore. Finally, the girl kills the mother of the movie. This film is nil. The acting is variable, from Brian Krause means to the excellent Alice Krige. The special effects are average and highlight some of the first computer effects, which is slightly interesting because it shows how much these things have progressed in such a short time. The direction is confused and the film falls in places. The director seems not to know if we are supposed to fear the somnambulists or if we sympathize with them and, in case of doubt, to let the film become hysterical. Stephen King makes a rather amusing cameo like an annoying gardener, just like Mark Hamill, like a puzzled policeman. Alice Krige seems to support the film, her character is deepened and she gives an indication of what the film could have been with a better scenario and a better direction.
