So, on the Chills cable network, they're running "Vampire Month", I'm really silly, but I love vampires. So, after a few failures, they showed that I was rather disappointed, but then I noticed that Sleepwalkers had been written by Stephen King. So I decided to go for a ride, and to my surprise, this movie was really bad. Most of Stephen King's movies are entertaining and some are very scary. While Sleepwalkers was bad, it was a nice kind of bad thing. I had fun laughing at this movie and taking it as is. I have never read Sleepwalkers. From what I understand, this is King's only vampire story. So I can not really compare book to film. I do not know if it was just my TV, but Sleepwalkers seemed to be made for television. The special effects were tacky and the story was a little far-fetched, though it was fancy, it posed many problems. <br /> <br /> Charles Brady and his mother Mary are vampires who feed on the life force of virgin women. They are considerably more resilient than humans and have powers of telekinesis and illusion. Their only weakness is cats, who are not only able to see through their illusions, but whose claws are capable of inflicting serious or even fatal wounds. They also have an incestuous relationship. Charles and Mary live in a small town in Indiana. Charles attended local high school and met Tanya Robertson in his creative writing class. Tanya does not suspect the real reason why Charles wants her so much; take her life force for her hungry mother. At first, it seems that Charles fell in love with Tanya. On their first date, however, at a picnic at the nearby cemetery, Charles tries to drain Tanya's life force while kissing her. In this case, Deputy Sheriff Andy Simpson, who had already tried to fire Charles for speeding, goes to the cemetery and notices Charles' car. When Tanya runs to her rescue, Charles tracks down Andy and kills him. When Charles turns to resume his life with Tanya, Clovis's cat shows up and kills Charles by scratching his face and chest. Mortally wounded by Clovis, Charles goes home staggering. Mary then seeks revenge on Tanya's family. <br /> <br /> So to summarize this movie in bulk, you should expect the cheese to overflow. The scene where Charles attacks Tanya for the first time is very cliché and you almost vote for Charles to win, just because Tanya is one of the most stupid women in horror movies. Then you must love the scene where Mary has a rifle and shoots it on a police car and, somehow, everything explodes, God bless the explosions and exaggerations of Hollywood. I take the film for what it is, it's so deliciously bad that it turns into a black comedy for me that I could just enjoy. I'm not sure that's what Stephen King wanted to see in his story, but he has his typical cameo in the movie. So, my suggestion if you watch this movie, take it for what it is and stop thinking about it, it's a stupid entertainment with nerdy effects, a bad cast, a silly story and enough cats to do say to the mad lady of Simpson's cats "Wow, that's a lot of cats". <br /> <br /> 4/10
