I agree with some of the other comments and even go further. <br /> <br /> Nothing in this movie worked, absolutely nothing. Delmar, our central character, makes the decision to become a surrogate mother in order to earn enough money to buy a restaurant, but on the way, she falls in love with a wise ex-prisoner. At the same time, her friend Hortense tries to convince her boyfriend lawyer to finally marry her. It also happens that she sleeps with Marlon who is desperately in love with her. There is also Delmar's brother, Jethro, involved in a former coke addict, Missy, who reveals that she was sexually assaulted by her adoptive father. On the sidelines, we also have the eccentric mother who has an assortment of equally strange friends, one of whom dies on the couch at the beginning of the film. So far so good, but after presenting these characters and narrative lines about life, death, sorrow and love in the first half, the film simply loses its meaning. <br /> <br /> If the writer had only selected one or two characters and allowed us to follow their stories, maybe everything would have gone well, but a time equal to screen is granted to all, so no story or character is fully developed. For example, why does Delmar think she can give up her child in exchange for money, especially when the future parents are a monstrous and scary lawyer and his wife is half alcoholic and depressed? Why is Hortense so desperate to marry a man who is an idiot and who clearly does not like him? How is it that Missy manages to get rid of her coke habit overnight? Is Jethro regularly attracted to women with terrible problems or is Missy the exception? Delmar and Jethro's mother have they always been eccentric or is it a more recent development? Why does Jethro like Cadillacs so much that he has one in the middle of his living room? Why did Moses spend years in prison for stealing a car, a relatively minor crime? How does Delmar manage to give birth to Moses' baby when nothing suggests that they have ever had sex? <br /> <br /> These questions are asked in the scenario but unfortunately never receive an answer. I can only assume that their answer was given in the original novel and that is why the author felt the need to include everything in the script. Big mistake. Losing several secondary intrigues, notably the story of Hortense and Marlon, which adds nothing to the film in general, would have considerably tightened things up and left more time to develop the characters of Delmar, Jethro and Moses, who are clearly more central to the plot and the underlying themes than anyone else. <br /> <br /> Add to that the most pedestrian-style staging you can see outside of an average television drama and the result is a huge missed opportunity for everyone, including Jorja Fox, who does his best to exceed the content. I'm not surprised that this seems to have been the director's last film because this effort shows no evidence of visual style or ability to tell a moving and intelligent story.
