This film does not rock, as others have said. I found it really boring and silly. The story is about this high school student who idolizes this very bad heavy metal singer. The singer dies, but not before making a last album that will be broadcast on the radio, of course, at midnight for Halloween (which would make it actually November 1, date much less powerful). The child receives a copy of the disc and it contains secret messages hidden during the reading. It's also the key that opens the door for the bad metal singer to come back and bring chaos and death to the world. <br /> <br /> The first part of this film is not a horror film at all, but rather a special program after school. We see the metal kid (stranger) tormented again and again by popular kids. And he fails to learn the most important lesson of high school movies: when cool children who intimidate you suddenly invite you to a party, DO NOT GO! It's a trap. Especially if it's a party at the pool. Someone is surprised when he finds himself in the water ?? It was so special after school that I was still waiting for Melissa Sue Anderson to introduce herself and teach Jody Foster a lesson. <br /> <br /> Let's go back to the horror part of the movie. So, this metal kid gets powers and instead of using them to kill the intimidating boys (which would have been much more logical), he panics and tries to protect all the intimidating boys and girls. What? A sensitive hero? What pleasure is it in a horror movie? Thank God, Carrie White did not follow this lesson. He's actually trying to prevent the music from being played on Halloween Dance, the very music that could release the power to kill all the kids who'd been mean to him. If it was me, I would have put this music and pronto. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is about this metal kid walking around town trying to kill the horrible metal star he idolized. Why not collaborate with him and REALLY do damage. Why do you ask? He seems to be in love with one of the popular girls and does not want her to be hurt. It's more appropriate for a film by Molly Ringwald. Is it a horror movie or an episode of Beauty and the Beast? The film continues over and over, without fear, horror, or anything worth watching. If you went to high school in the late eighties like me, this movie is fun to have a little flashback on fashion and big hair, but that's it for this movie. Skip it and stay home and listen to a bit of KISS.
