Antonioni, in making this film, had donned the role of Papa Smurf to all the little Smurfs American students, radical and long-haired. He placed them under the protection of his European communist wings, showing their gratitude and support for their confused American manners. (These Smurfs are red and blue, not the other way around.) The Radical Smurfs were happy to receive the advice of a gray-haired, wise old man who regularly attacks the long-haired Smurfs' god Lenin the Communist. - another wise old man whose beard pushed the Smurfs to take him even more seriously, because he symbolized something wise, even if they did not know why they considered that the beard had such a profound effect on them . Castro, another wise and bearded man, often took advantage of this confusion and spread magic powers with his beard over his naive admirers overseas. (Not to mention Che Guevara: this beard has some I-do-not-know-what, makes you want to immediately kiss Marx and his charming pacifist teachings ??) The film begins with a confused meeting of drastically stupid radical students, who engage in dialogues that really redefine the word "confused". As confused as a blindfolded dog falling from a tall building in a bottomless pit. Suddenly, the "hero" of the film (well, Antonioni's hero) gets up and says something to his pathetic peers on the left, then leaves, hoping that this demonstration of "mega-coldness" will improve his image of James Dean and will greatly increase his chances. to be stung with the best "chicks" in the next mass hippie orgy. He ends up having trouble with cops (ie pigs) at a rally and passes the film under the American blue capitalist sky, in search of freedom ?? Or something like that. <br /> <br /> Antonioni's predictable assault on capitalism is not only intellectually hollow, but has (or has) nothing new to offer; they're just the same old one-dimensional cops who like the trigger, businessmen discussing business affairs (and what's the problem, is not that the way Antonioni's movies are shot? ), Decadent products for the abominable, selfish and greedy right-wing populace who thinks only of himself, his family, his work and his children. <br /> <br /> Papa Smurf Antonioni, like his long Smurfs and Smurfs of the late 60s, did not notice the most obvious and vital aspect of their stupid movement: they were allowed to hold their meetings laughable and freely express their opinions against the institution within this institution, while the students the countries whose systems they admired left did not (and still do not) . By far the biggest irony about hippies - and Antonioni, of course, did not understand this (his judgment is overshadowed by a snort of cocaine and excessive consumption of LSD) - is that hippies were (are) waste of capitalism. . It's an incredible irony. It is only in a successful capitalist system that you can find this species called "hippie"; a spoiled, ungrateful, selfish group of losers from the middle class and the upper middle class. <br /> <br /> The film itself seems to last forever. Antonioni takes his time with pleasure, while including long scenes of uselessness, with a high dullness factor. His attempts at symbolism are boring and banal. His statements are at best dubious. This film is Antonioni's way of saying that violent revolution is the solution. And that is what gives us an old saturated, wealthy, wealthy filmmaker who lives in villas and dines in the best French and Italian restaurants. <br /> <br /> I do not remember seeing a big Western movie about the massacre of thousands of students in Tiananmen, China. But when a Western student gets shot for brandishing Che Guevara's face, we get ten major films at once. I suppose that means that a Chinese life is worth a thousand times less than a western life ?? at least to the leftist hypocrites who infest the movies. <br /> <br /> If you are a neo-hippy Marxist and do not like this horrible comment, please click "NO" below.
