This film is definitely a product of its time and seen in another context, it is an incredibly stupid movie. Heck, even seen in context, it's bad enough !! This is mainly due to a stupid plot and a very self-indulgent leadership of the famous Italian director, Michelangelo Antonioni. In this case, he attempted to merge a very artistic-style film with an anti-establishment hippie film and only managed to produce a bomb with gigantic proportions. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a rap session where many of "with that" students sit down saying platitudes like "power to the people" and complaining about "man". Since most of these hippies have parents who send them to college, it seemed a little ridiculous that these privileged children would complain so loudly and shout revolutionary jargon. A little later, violence erupts between the students and the "pigs of the establishment" and a policeman is killed. Our "hero" Mark may or may not have done it, but he has to run to avoid prosecution. Instead of going to Mexico or Canada, he does what a fool would do: fly a plane and fly it in the Mojave Desert! There he meets a chick and they sit and philosophize for hours. Then they have sex in one of the strangest sex scenes in the history of cinema. As they whirl around in the dust, other couples suddenly appear from nowhere and a huge scene occurs. Although you see a little skin (guaranteeing an R index), it is not as explicit as it could have been. In fact, it lasts so long and it seems so choreographed that it bluffs the mind. And of course, when they finish, many, many other couples disappear in the air. <br /> <br /> Strangely, later, the couple painted the plane with help and it looks a lot like a Peter Max creation. Despite the improved appearance of the plane, the evil cops respond to his return from the plane by shooting the friendly revolutionary. When the girl discovers it, she enters a semi-catatonic state and the film ends with her imaginary that seems to be the destruction of her own fascist pig parents and all the harm they represent (such as the hard work and the responsibility). Instead of a simple explosion, you see the same huge house explode about 8 times. Then, inexplicably, you see televisions, refrigerators and other objects explode in slow motion. Although stupid, it's pretty cool to watch - a bit like when David Letterman explodes or breaks things on his show. <br /> <br /> Aside from a dopey conspiracy, the film suffers from a strong need for unique sympathetic character as well as complete editing. At least 15 minutes could easily be removed to speed things up a bit - especially since there is not much conspiracy or dialogue. The bottom line is that this is an incredibly stupid movie and I was not surprised to see it listed in Harry Medved's book "The Fifty Worst Films". It's a well deserved addition to this shitty pantheon. Such a director spending so much money to produce such an absurd film is a crime! <br /> <br /> Two last observations. If you like to laugh at silly hippie movies, try watching THE TRIAL OF BILLY JACK. In addition, in an art affair imitating life, Mark Frechette, the lead role, played his character in real life. He died at the age of 27 in prison, a few years after taking part in a "revolution" in which he and his friends robbed a bank and killed an innocent man. Dang Hippies !!
