The following sequence greatly astonishes his credibility while the devilish sociopath Stanley Kaldwell this time infiltrated into the film production of the novel he wrote for drowning gardens, assuming the identity of the second director of the unit. he murdered. <br /> <br /> makes fun of Hollywood, with an ironic scenario that features tyrannical directors sleeping with their actresses (... look for a way to climb the ladder) and who do not like that anyone challenges for a complete lighting. Brian Krause, whom I found appalling, exaggerated to the point where the satire felt incredibly forced, describes the noisy and temperate director who does not like the fact that his second unit director and screenwriter, Alison (.. played by Dahlia Salem ) seem to support production. Andrew Moxham is Paul Parsons, brother of a victim of the first film. The black humor of the film this time takes the idea of ​​a serial killer acting as a director of a movie set and exploits it thoroughly. Nelson finds his psychopathic role again without difficulty, with Stanley still smart, using his brain to order a movie, killing all those who have to keep full control of his work, leaving no one to stay up. way .. until Alison realizes who Stanley really is. Alison is the kind of ambitious writer who wants to capture the essence of his subject. What motivated Stanley to kill, why would he do such a thing, and what drove such a man on this dark path? Alison's humor that actually works with this man is also part of the satire at the heart of this black comedy thriller. Of course, you get the inevitable confrontation between Alison and Stanley, with a really ridiculous and unbelievable conclusion about the killer's fate (a pill that's pretty hard to swallow). The director Po-Chih Leong, unlike the first film photographed with a sophisticated polish, uses useless and useless techniques (like the shooting of all kinds of strange angles, the idle in sepia color and several cases captured on video) and rather annoy instead of impressing. This suite, for me, was just not as realistic as the original, with a lot of humor less effective and more obvious.
