Need a lesson in pure abject failure ?? Look no further than "The Wizards of the Lost Kingdom", a lamentable, poor film. As we all know, good moovies tend to have horrible and horrible offspring: "Halloween" has spawned many, many bad slasher movies of the 80s; "Mad Max" spawned many, many bad movies from "80s futuristic fantasy wasteland"; and "Conan the Barbarian" spawned a whole series of terrifying and witty movies of the '80s, terrible and incredibly bad. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" scrapes the bottom of this 80s barrel, in a really insulting way for the barrels. A young dog named Simon has taken over his "good kingdom" from an evil wizard with a mangy carpet, a garden gnome, a bimbo topless siren and a chubby Bo Svenson at home. look tired. Svenson ("North Dallas Forty", "Inglorious Bastards", "Delta Force"), a long-time b-moovie man, seems barely able to swing his sword out of foil. However, he manages to defeat the forces of evil, consisting of the evil wizard "Shurka" and his army of monsters, giants and mischievous dwarves. At one point, a paper mache bat attacks a string, but is eaten by a hidden half-puppet, pitifully portrayed as a kind of dragon. The beginning of the film consists of what can only be described politely as fragments of scenes taken from the floor of the cutting room of ugly bad moovies, assembled in the vain hope of staging the film and told in an exaggerated way by a guy who never appears again. Words can not really explain the breathtaking cheapness of this movie; the producers probably spent moore moolah feeding Svenson's expanding esophagus rather than the film's fx. And we are talking about Brie here, dear friends ...: = 8P director Hector Olivera ("the barbarian queen") presents this hodgepodge in a hopelessly confused, confused and clichéd way, destroying any possible hint of narration clear and linear. . The acting is awful, the production is below the level of the shoe and the plot is a tired cliche parade before our eyes tired. The fact that they actually made a sequel (!!!) turns the brain of MooCow. James Horner's movie ("Braveheart", "Titanic", "The Rock") from "Battle Beyond the Stars" was raised, screaming and kicking, and was grafted without mercy on this turkey - wager that it does not appear in his CV. People, you have to see this to believe it. The MooCow says like cheap rent when there is nothing else to watch, well, it's more fun than watching your mate. Barely. : = 8P
