What we have here is an absolutely awesome piece of incompetence from the early 80's that will make even the greatest movie geek trash totally dumb! "The Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a fantastic and very cheap and unrealistic Sword-and-Sorcery adventure that does not have a screenplay, but which eagerly and shamelessly borrows elements from other films. Writer Ed Naha and Hector Olivera (who?) Watched enough movies of the same type to know they needed a handful of essential characters, but probably thought everything else would follow automatically. To make a fantastic adventure: a super evil villain (preferably with a black cape), a young hero in training, a solitary warrior, a lovable furry pet, a wise sage living in the woods (optional). ) and a colorful collection of hideous demons, slave dwarves and winged gargoyles as a charge. The story is phenomenal and so original, Simon, the young son of a sorcerer, having had to flee his beloved kingdom after the evil wizard Shurka took power and killed the king. Simon wants to return and save the people, but he needs his powerful ring that he lost during his escape. Simon befriends the lonely warrior Kor (the cool-hearted dude Bo Svenson who clearly needed the pay check), who assists Simon during the long and devastating journey of trials, dangerous encounters and magical battles. Admittedly, that does not seem too serious so far, but it's simply because I've ruled out all the deliciously inept little details. Simon has a best friend named Gulfax, for example. Gulfax is an albino version of Chewbacca and evokes uncontrollable laughter every time he opens his poodle to scream something incomprehensible. The obstacles encountered on the return trip are not hilarious for the "plot" and simply serve as a filler to mask the lack of real content. Simon has nightmarish visions inside the tent of a nymph of the suspect forest, Kor settles an old score with the pig-faced nemesis of which he refused the marriage to the sister. But the most brilliantly unequal absolute sequence ?? not only this film alone but in the history of cinema ?? involves the resurrection of four zombie warriors. Simon awakens the legendary brave warriors, hoping that they will assist them in their fight, but the decaying corpses are only a few steps away, complain of their tiredness and return to their graves. That's all! So much for the zombie sub-plot! Best sequence of all time! I could go on enumerating hilarious little details for several more paragraphs, but you have the idea. "The Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a film "so bad, so good". Tip: do not look at this merry piece of scrap alone. Invite friends, preferably dope-headed guys with a diabolical sense of humor, and watch them as a group. It will be a night to remember ??
