From the beginning, you know it's a Sam Sherman movie more than an Al Adamson movie, because at the time of the credits, "A Sam Sherman Production" appears in letters as big as the title credit. Not only that, Mr. Sherman co-wrote the script and his idea was to use Bob Livingstone, a 69-year-old Western Hollywood star, to star in an image that Sherman thought he could capitalize on. on the recent success of "Swinging Stewardesses". <br /> <br /> Now, why would you want to have an old man pleated as a male lead in what is supposed to be a non-evolving exploiting feature? It defies the explanation, but it's Sam Sherman for you. His obsession with Old Hollywood influenced his films for Independent International Pictures a lot, and he and Al Adamson often tried to appeal to extravagant actors (eg, J. Carrol Naish, Russ Tamblyn, Lon Chaney Jr., etc.). . But Bob Livingstone? Tell me, the cab driver who knew who was the second appraiser of this 40 was; it's ridiculous! <br /> <br /> But, again, "Naughty Stewardesses" was a successful photo for them. So we can not just write this as a fiasco for Sherman. Yet, from all aesthetic points of view, it's an incoherent mess. Al Adamson wanted to get out of this picture, and it's easy to see why. First of all, he has no interest in the genre and evolves from a super soft core (breasts and ass / simulated sex only) to a kidnapping thriller (shades of Steckler's "Rat Pfink and Boo Boo"! ). painfully boring sequences of flight attendants walking through Vegas to the sound of Sparrow's tired music, or Richard Smedley and Connie Hoffmann in a photo shoot in San Francisco. Worst of all, we have Bob Livingstone as Jack LaLanne in a blue jumpsuit trying to be sexy ... gag! (Fortunately, his big sex scene with Connie Hoffmann has been removed, but you can catch him chatting to her breasts on the DVD in the Special Features section.) Creepy. <br /> <br /> It's a terrible movie, but I'm going to give it three stars for Gary Burn's photography and compassion for Connie Hoffmann for having to do it with "Wrinkles" Livingstone. "Naughty Stewardesses" is for Al Adamson Completists and / or Film Operators, as Sam Sherman's commentary provides essential information. All the others, beware.
