This is the dilemma (above) that Debbie faces at the end of this production of Sam Sherman, Naughty Stewardesses. Debbie just went to town, became a stewardess, slept with a rich old man (whom she describes herself in her 50s, but obviously she already broke that record a decade ago or two), shot nude scenes for the photographer she just met, and then central to a kidnapping / extortion plot. Through all this and in the midst of all this emotional upheaval and introspection, how will Debbie do in the name of heaven? Well, I can not give it completely but do not expect a real epiphany here. Let's face it. Naughty Stewardesses, that's exactly what she wants (at least two-thirds): a soft core porn movie with lots of topless women and a fun movie in the 70's style. There's no great art here. The film was designed to make money and exploit a growing trend at the time to integrate the nymphomaniac hostesses in the movies so that the public can vicariously live his voyeuristic tastes. According to current standards, the film is rather tamed. What the movie does not hurt is trying to be a kind of statement movie at the end. Come on, anyone here believing that Debbie's little diatribe is on the beach contemplating life. She would spend more time choosing the halter top she will wear that day. And what about the ridiculous plot to steal $ 50,000? It made no sense to me so how on earth did these characters "dig"? Does anyone buy Cal as a member of the PLO (something like that) or even as a director of hardcore pornography? He would be lucky to find work at Seven Eleven! As another reviewer has noted, it's more of a Sam Sherman play than Al Adamson's. You can tell when Al is in full charge. There is virtually no budget and the film does not look so polite. Adamson is doing decent work leading this period and I have to give credit to Sherman for a degree. Although this film is bad for what it was supposed to be, it has a certain style. I liked the opening credits with animation and photographs. I even liked Sparrow's music. "Silver Heels" was a catchy song. The movie does not really look cheap. Compare that to ALL Al horror movies. As for casting, yes, Bob Livingston is a little old-fashioned for the main role, but a thorough review was done on his character and the obvious thread between young women attracted to men with money also been explored. I had big problems with Robert Smedley, who was just awful in his role. The girls all have great sets, so what else do we ask them? Naughty Stewardesses is a relatively harmless 1970s movie that will serve as a living capsule for some aspects of life during this decade. By the way, did I already mention that it was a very bad image?
