It seems that Envy's managers have realized that recent comedies - especially those of Ben Stiller and, to a lesser extent, Jack Black - have been parodies of situation, which have constantly declined in originality and laugh in general. Starsky and Hutch were also nice. Dodgeball made many people laugh, even though I was a little tired of the crazy characters - especially when the screenplay was not so funny (maybe the comedy of a Dodgeball not really in Australia, where he is rarely played). So, in order to do something a little more original, Envy moves away from an absurd scenario and instead turns around the absurd creation of the character of Jack Black (I will not spoil what it is for those who intend to see the film). The problem is that the movie seems to be hanging out, I'm not a moviegoer powerful enough to think of the examples, but it seems that this installation has been done a thousand times before - and very rarely with success. So, instead of a beautiful, fresh, fun and cool comedy, you get a movie that seems to just get on with acting. Of course, the moves can be pretty fun, and they are centered on a weird enough idea to provide a few bursts of laughter - especially with Jack Black playing the excited and fun, though somewhat 2D, creator. Ben Stiller, on the other hand, seems a little lost, he has been asked to play a more complete role than the ridiculous characters of his Zoolander film race, but he fights as a father, whether it be his fault or his scenario, There is not enough depth for the character and the result is a film by Ben Stiller doing these typical mannerisms and generally becoming tedious. The performance leaves no impression on the viewer (it is only Ben Stiller, Jack Black succeeds in portraying a character - even if it is not a challenge). The last boring element of the film is Christopher Walken's role in "The J Man", which is about as typical and two-dimensional as the characters, and it naturally becomes monotonous and frustrating very quickly. <br /> <br /> It's really not as unbearable as some people would tell you, it's watchable, especially if you're in a good mood (it would be good to feel silly to see this movie). Rent it at a movie night with friends and watch it after watching a scary movie and feel like something light. I hope you will also be a little drunk at that time. In this scenario, I imagine that it would be very pleasant, but in general, the number of bursts of laughter is insufficient to be carried away by the user and most of the time drag in length.
