I admit to love the movies called "frat-pack". No matter how bad they are, I can find something to like about Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, Vince Vaughn, Will Ferrell or Jack Black. But "Envy" just left me about as cold as the white horse Ben got rid of. This time it's Ben and Jack Black, a couple of crazy neighbors, one of whom (Black) discovers an aerosol to remove the shit from the animals and get incredibly rich, while the other (Stiller) gets twists of envy. This is supposedly the plot, but then it changes in directions that do not really make sense. <br /> <br /> I guess the "Vapoorize" formula is pretty fun at first. The problem is that they try to keep the gag for the board as a whole (Black has a license plate that says "Caca King") and it gets pretty tedious. But even Ben and Jack are misused; the energy level of their performance seems greatly reduced. The two best performances by far are Rachel Weisz and Chris Walken. Walken's neo-hippie-dippie type is a performance so offbeat and so well modulated that she never suggests any of Walken's other strange characters. It's quite unique, but undeniably appears Walken. And Weisz is about the best actress in the industry that nobody knows. Even with a short time on the screen, she always dominates all the scenes in which she is. <br /> <br /> The whole knot of the so-called drama is that Ben, in a jealous drunken stupor, accidentally pulls on Jack's white stallion, makes ridiculous efforts to conceal it, fearing his best friend will find out and do not cut it. But the plot is not credible, because nothing in Jack's character indicates that he would do such a thing. He's playing such a nice guy that he makes the horse-hunting difficult. You discount it completely. It's all filling. And what is the interest of the uncontrollable carousel, except that Barry Levinson wants to let us know that he saw "Strangers on a Train"? The scenario is painfully bad and the game of the two actors is badly directed. Someone with Levinson's background should know better. Maybe someone will invent something to make this movie disappear. Oh, wait, they've done it already.
