Jack Frost, no children, this is not the warm family film about a father coming back from the dead in the form of a snowman. This is a sadistic killer called Jack Frost who is sprinkled with acidic fluid and turns into a killer snowman. I happened to take a copy of this movie so I could sit back and laugh. A killer snowman? Ha, it sounds like the comedy / horror movie perfect! Well, I was wrong, very badly. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost talks about a killer who is trucked to jail so he can fry in his chair at midnight. But it's dark and he collides with a government tanker carrying a new DNA fluid. Jack escapes only to be burned to death by the acid and turns into a killer snowman. He returns to the small town of Snowmonton where he is arrested by a small sheriff. Here he is ready to kill again, now as a snowman with colder powers. It can condense in water, turn ice cycles into spears and grow deadly fangs. The only question is who can stop Frost? This movie is below the typical line of B-Movie. The film begins in a nasty way, but as soon as Jack is burned by the acid, it falls quickly below the cheese line and stays flat. Acting for one is appalling! We have here a host of unknown actors who can not play, who can play but who have a useless character, or who are only there for a few dollars more. The only good actor is Scott MacDonald who plays Jack. He looks like a young Richard Kiel combined with Frankenstein. Unfortunately, his appearance is only reduced to three minutes and all we see of him is his new form of snowman and his wise and crisp voice. Moreover, his jokes are anything but funny. Whine, stupid and bad. <br /> <br /> The plot is horrible! Throughout history, there have been many murderers. A killer in a hockey mask, a killer with a razor glove, a chainsaw wielding a moron, a quick St. Bernard, but now we stoop down to a murderous snowman? Oh come on! And the way the characters are presented is terrible. For one person, I really wanted to kill the sheriff's son, I mean give his father oats with antifreeze so he does not freeze? All the characters are stupid and useless and the dead are cartoony. A woman strangled by Christmas lights had her head shattered in a decorative box and a girl died in the shower (where is the carrot in this scene, huh?). <br /> <br /> And above this horrible movie is the special effects. The first big special effect we have is that Jack's DNA mixes with the snow, and it's terrible. I mean it sounds like a 60s art design fashion, PU! Jack looks fake too. He looks like a person covered with rubber snowman skin. All the blood is bloody and the film never takes off with greatness, but goes down. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is one of the worst slasher movies ever made. I thought it would be a riot but no! He's not trying to be funny, but rather scary. Jack Frost had 4 out of 10, that made me laugh at least in horror. Do not even bother with this trash. Jack Frost = D +
