I did not see "Henry Fool", but after watching "Fay Grim", I'm not sure I want it. Maybe Hartley has the ambition to become the director "anti-thriller" - he really succeeded with this yawn. On the basis of the official description - the woman discovers that the manuscript of her deceased husband contains elements that may pose a threat to national security - I expected a tense geopolitical tragedy. Instead, I have a fragile structure, a wacky dialogue, flaccid characterizations, a complicated plot and a "tone" that changes so often, suggesting that Hartley has changed the scenario to suit his mood at any time . I can stay a long time with a frustrating and hard-to-follow plot (for example, "Duplicity") because I think both ends will finally meet. Even when they do not do it or do so but leave open questions (for example, "duplicity"), sharp writing and drama can hold their interests. But in the middle of "Fay Grim", I realized a deadly achievement: I did not know what was happening and I did not care. Too bad, because I really like Parker Posey, here reduced to working with an absurd role that has asked him to move from an indifferent and separated wife and an indifferent and distraught mother to a tough and clever international "player", able to maneuver psychologically with terrorists. There is also a bad casting. Jeff Goldblum can be very good, but he is not able to overcome a casting error as a CIA agent. He looks almost as uncomfortable in the role as I look at him. His sidekick of the CIA is worse; he looks like a refugee from the quarterfinals of "American Idol" (are there any very young CIA agents with big speckled hair on his forehead?). Then there is the thorny question of the age of the characters. Goldblum was 54 when he created "Fay Grim"; Thomas Jay Ryan, who plays "Henry Fool", was 44 years old. They have not been made to appear or appear older than their present age. However, a key point in the story is that they served as CIA agents in Nicaragua "in the 1970s". The character of Goldblum would have been in his 20 years then; Henry Fool would have been a teenager. Was Hartley "weird" or lazy? There are too many problems to list ...
