I say "I would understand" in this line because, frankly, I have not seen a Hal Hartley movie so far. It's not that I did not hear about him though, because he was perceived as one of those little New York filmmakers (when I say small, I mean even smaller than Jim Jarmusch), who realized ultra-personal projects with a limited budget. Ironically, a bit like Salo de Pasolini, but in a slightly different context, Fay Grim is interested in seeing some of Hartley's most acclaimed traits, as there seems to be at least some semblance of talent behind, as if Hartley * could * be a very good filmmaker who could be so good that he just made a big experimental mistake. Or, on the other hand, he could simply be too much impressed by his own idiosyncrasies and possible cinematographic collisions at the Godard. <br /> <br /> I can not quite explain the story, which I guess is not a problem, but it's not really because he did not see the movie who preceded Fay Grim, Henry Fool. I think that even if I had this experience, it would not make too much difference depending on the final results. There is a lot of international espionage, a double plot wrapped up in another that has fallen into the main character's fake pockets, played in a remote way by Parker Posey (I do not know if it's good or bad either) , perhaps both), and also involving a CIA agent (Jeff Goldblum, as usual, a solid presence in the midst of mania, conjuring even a few laughs), not to mention a picture box filled with orgies, and author Henry Fool. It's not that the script is totally impenetrable, no matter how it creates loopholes too wide just for listening, because there are some touches of spiritual dialogue or strangely strange. <br /> <br /> Simply, the direction I am bad. Harltey is in love with the Third Man, which is good, but he always imposes an inciting style to the head, which consists of tilting everything in a corner, the characters having to enter the frame in the same curious way. Not since Battlefield Earth, in fact, if a director has gone so bored while trying to make the useless choice of titled angles for a weird dramatic effect, only this time, Hartley is not in the middle of a cluster- f ***, he is mainly responsible. for that. This, along with the crazy Godard wacky title cards that pop up here and there, some a little fun and some quite stupid, and the whole montage segments in still shots, AND some moments involving an action that almost remind you to the Ed Wood spirit, undermines the full potential of the script, which is hard enough to decipher. In a sense, it's fascinating to see just how much of this is happening, but a kind of fascination to see the flip side of total creative control over a kind of small-scale story. <br /> <br /> But know it well: you probably will not encounter a more outrageously pretentious example of making American independent films this year.
