This film should be shown to film school students as an example of what NOT to do. The original gave a big shout to the tires, this horrible disaster breaks the fundamental rule of the films of Bruckheimer: we all know that they fear, but they have a lot of action. This film has no action. This film is boring. Where are the cars? Where are the lawsuits? Where is the tension? Where is the suspense? Where is the precipitation? Or!!?? It's not really a movie, it's bad publicity. 50 cars in 24 hours? It's wrong. They have 3 days to steal them, the advertisement is wrong. How is that? The acting is stiff, wooden and forced. The bad guy, the cop, the others ... we do not care. They state their useless lines, they serve the illogical plot. The video director says, "Do not worry, we'll do a lot of quick cuts and nobody will notice how bad the movie is" or "we'll fix it with a lot of noise." music "The" script "is not really a script, it is rather a list of shots whose end is a total scam of: ------- Warning - possible spoiler ------ 5 - ----- 4 ----- 3 ----- 2 ----- 1 ------ The Fugitive The biggest crime of all is the underutilization of Vinnie Jones, dude. ... it's the meanest, the coolest mofo since Jules in Pulp Fiction.And what are they doing !? They make him a mute who is hardly in the movie! Make Vinnie the main villain and he would have How could they be so stupid? How? How? Why? The original movie is very fun with a great trick at the end that keeps the driver away.The original has a great 40-minute pursuit that delivers Go find the original, or if you want a real car chase, go rent RONIN.The lawsuits brought to Ronin have raised the bar by which all other car chases will now be judged.Bruckheimer and Cage had all that money, all these resources, all that experience, and they could not even compete with a movie shot 25 years ago for $ 250,000? How can this be? You feel like you've been scammed after watching this movie. Where I was excited to see Coyote Ugly, Remember the Titans and Pearl Harbor, I say now: God help us all. <br /> <br />
