If the authors of Atlantis had something to say in this film, its theme was (literally) drowned by the emphasis on "special effects" rather than characterization. Almost like trying to "follow" the rest of the summer blockbusters, Disney has abandoned the character-driven movie-with-a-message approach in favor of a Star Wars "shoot-'em-up" . with stereotypical heroes and villains. <br /> <br /> Art is cardboard and producers think they can rely on computer-generated images (CGI) of fish gear and flying submarines to fill the void. They were wrong and the time of the beautiful and artisanal animation scrolls quickly to the benefit of the assembly line CGI. <br /> <br /> This film is a heartless show. Sometimes, the film is almost a good movie that is worth it, but often lacks frustration by ceasing to talk about something meaningful and choosing instead to leave with pomp. <br /> <br /> Another problem with the film is the rhythm. This starts to be confusing, then starts to skyrocket with a jerky story editing style that is not appreciated. The spectator rushes to the door with Milo Thatch (well expressed by Michael J. Fox) and is left saying to himself: "Good God, there must be a lot of things that will happen once we have Atlantis" . Unfortunately, there is not much going on. The secret of Atlantis remains a secret, storytellers not really knowing how to explain the legendary island / continent. They are afraid to commit to telling where Atlantis is, even in a fictional story. Is it in the Atlantic? Is it in the Mediterranean? Who knows? Nothing is supposed, even from a purely phantasmatic point of view. The viewer will leave the theater wondering "Now what was it, what was the point of the film, and why could not the surviving Atlanteans remember how to read when many of them lived the disaster until the present day? And why did Atlantis sink? "and then quickly start to forget what they saw. There is nothing left to think or settle ... except the loss of money in their portfolios. <br /> <br /> The characters and their motivations are also unfathomable. From the zillionaire eccentric who founded the expedition with apparently more money that existed all over the planet in 1914, to the collective conscience (spoiler) that enters Kida and voluntarily abandons his people!?! The crew is a collection of bizarre and two-dimensional anachronistic characters (for 1914), P.C. race and gender. The demolition expert speaks as if he was coming out of a Warner Brothers Bugs Bunny short film. Most jokes are large one-liners that are largely missing from the public for two reasons: they are delivered at lightning speed and are usually mumbled. It is hard to believe that these players bring a moral shift at the end of the film. <br /> <br /> We congratulate Disney for trying to create animated movies for adults - and this is the first time Disney has not done it. to have animals or cute and talking objects - the transition fails. The youngest children will be frightened by certain action scenes and will be left in the dark by the large amount of subtitles (when the characters speak atlante). In the first five minutes of the expedition, about 200 people are killed without thinking. Obviously, Disney thinks that if you did not know who these people were, why should you care? Again, the film has no feeling at any level. <br /> <br /> Mulan and Tarzan are the latest animated films produced by Disney that have been extremely well done. Unfortunately, Atlantis refers to these unsuccessful attempts of the past, such as the Black Cauldron and the Hunchback of Notre Dame. Disney must find its roots. A sequel to Peter Pan will soon appear, but you never know what the results will be until you see it for yourself. And now that Disney has discovered science fiction, we hope he will realize that this genre must have more than just a show. We also hope that the future "Treasure Planet", a sci-fi adaptation of "Treasure Island" by Robert L. Stevenson, will have more heart than the unfathomable "Atlantis: The Lost Empire".
