I thought "What's New Scooby-Doo" was pretty bad (yes, I'm sorry to say I did not like it), since Hanna-Barbera did not produce it and moved away radically from the old series. When I heard that "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo have a clue" was being prepared, I thought it could be better. But when I saw a picture of how Scooby and Shaggy were going to appear, I knew this show was going to be bad, if not worse. I watched some episodes, and believe me, it's another "Teen Titans" or "Loonatics Unleashed" - wannabe. Scooby and Shaggy no longer fight against people wearing masks of scary monsters stealing banks. Now they are attacking a typical super villain who wants to destroy the world. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo have also become more courageous. Also, since Shaggy is NOT vegetarian in this series, Casey Kasem (who is actually vegetarian), Shaggy's original voice, will not be announcing Shaggy. He will only say Shaggy if he does not eat meat, and it was just a stupid change developed by the companies to update the franchise, as if jokes on the Internet were not enough. Thus, Scott Menville (who has already expressed Red Herring in "A puppy named Scooby-Doo") expresses Shaggy here. Believe me, the voice is really bad! This gives Shaggy the sound of a crinkling 10-year-old, and I must admit that the voice perfectly matches his new ugly look. However, Kasem gives voice to Shaggy's uncle Albert, which is a kind of good thing. Scooby-Doo, on the other hand, does not look very good. It seems to have been designed to look more like CGI's Scooby-Doo shot live action movies. In addition, the voice of Scooby's Frank Welker (should I mention Brain the Dog again?) Still has not improved. Robi, the robotic butler, is practically worse than Scrappy-Doo! He tries to be funny, makes "comical" impressions and gives safety tips ("Remember children, do not stay under the trees during a storm!"), But that just does not fit a drawing Scooby-Doo. Again, Hanna-Barbera sound effects are rarely used here. However, in an episode, "Lightning Strikes Twice", they use the Thunder Castle Thunder during this one, almost to the bottom! (Although they still use the recently recorded sound effects.) Scooby-Doo does not use "Castle thunder" sound effects since 1991. But my question is why use "Thunder Castle" in "Shaggy and Scooby- Doo Get a Clue ", but do NOT use it in movies made in direct video or even in" What's New Scooby-Doo! "(Two episodes of WNSD used it, and it was not enough. ) If the WNSD and DTV movies used it, they could be better than this cartoon. The day of the first performance of this show, I watched the first episode, and it was so bad that I turned it off after just five minutes! To change my mind, I rented "Scooby-Doo, Pirates Ahoy!" which came out at about the same time. And you know what? The movie "Ahoy Pirates" was actually BETTER than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo, a hint" (and even better than "What's up, Scooby-Doo!") And it seems that the new designs that the characters have are not not permanent to the franchise. Fortunately, the live movies that come out during this show use the usual conceptions of the characters. But, whether you like or hate "What's new Scooby-Doo", I do not recommend it. But if you hate the old series, then you will love it! (Oh my god, I hope the old cartoon from Scooby-Doo stays better than this new $ # *%!) Anyway, like WNSD, a very bad addition to Scooby's cannon.
