Scooby Doo is without a doubt one of the simplest, most successful and most loved cartoon characters in the world. So what happens when you've been everywhere and you've done everything with the formula? You change the right? False. You stop production and let it sit for ten years, then relaunch it while maintaining the heart of its success. That is to say, stick mostly to the formula, but add your particular flavor. That's why "What's New Scooby Doo" worked, they want to go back to the classic Scooby Doo formula that had only surfaced a decade earlier in "A puppy named Scooby Doo" but that, for the most part, had not been exploited since the original version. "Scooby Doo Where are you". <br /> <br /> The first sign (for me) of a weak offer is the inclusion of superfluous characters; There may be some good memories of previous versions, but generally, if you think "Scooby Doo", you do not think of Film-Flam, Scrappy Doo or Scooby Dum. Worse still, the exclusion of other key members of "Mystery Inc" usually indicates a group of people working in production who do not understand at all the point of view of children as to the operation of the series. The basic premise has always been a group of diametrically opposed people who come together and by their own qualities, stereotypical qualities manage to overcome the tasks entrusted to them. <br /> <br /> This next paragraph is just my theory. if you want: I hope I can explain why I feel that manipulating the basic elements of the series hampers my interpretation of what the gang represents and how it contributes to the whole; Fred represents the pilot, I think that in general, Fred's goal is to give the direction, the organization and the sub-tasks of the group. Fred is not a playful teenager, he is your boss, your teacher, your father, your authority figure. Fred moves without hesitation and is guided by tasks (a problem that is always a solution for Fred). In many ways, Fred is the antithesis of Shaggy. Shaggy is your best friend, this guy who is just a little more afraid of things than you, he allows you to be brave, not to be at the bottom of the pack. Shaggy represents emotion and frequently displays emotional extremes ranging from exaltation to fear. Velma represents rational thought, she applies logic but, as we see many times in the series, she needs clues that, for the most part, are pieced together by the other members of the series. If she remained alone, would Velma solve a mystery? The group is often in situations where truths are not obvious and it is only through casual encounters that they get the information they need to carry out their task, chance being represented by Daphne. At one point (I think it's the first series of Scooby Doo), she was known to be "exposed to danger". Writers have used Daphne to link unrelated events by accident. It is often she who finds the door secret, a collection of objects or another detail that can help the gang to link clues. Finally, Scooby himself represents us, the participant. He is always at the center of events, capable of everything the rest of the gang is capable of, but handicapped because he is not human and the viewer is not like we can not really participate. Scooby Doo works because all these personified elements of problem solving are immediately identifiable and fun. <br /> <br /> Maybe I'm thinking too much, but in my life, I've seen Scooby Doo (30) a lot. an old self-proclaimed nerd, it rolls somehow on the territory). For me, there is a magic with the classic formula "Scooby Doo" that should never be disturbed. <br /> <br /> As many have pointed out; Scooby Doo is not a great work of art, nor a completely banal thing, but a class that can be watched by young eyes with a hearty bowl of cereals for breakfast. Playing with raw simplicity turns it into something else, something less.
