When I saw this movie cover, the first thing I thought was that it was made for video. The second thing that came to my mind was how it looked like another terrible movie "Darkness Falls," the story of this silly witch who killed people in the dark. Unfortunately, Darkness Falls was quite a masterpiece in relation to this waste pile, and this film should not have been done. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a short story for the witch, or rather useless introduction of two little children who will meet the tooth fairy in the hope that she gives them a new bike bright for their tooth . The opening is poorly filmed and, like the rest of the film, it is certainly not scary. In the present tense, the film is about Peter (Lochlyn Munroe). Peter rents his house and his ex-girlfriend Darcy (Chandra West) and his daughter Cole come to stay there. Cole meets a neighborhood kid and they talk about the Tooth Fairy and the fact that you should not lose your tooth, otherwise she will pick you up. Unfortunately, a few seconds later, it looks like the tooth fairy steals his bike and shakes his tooth (which irony). Will Cole survive the toothbrush's anger, and will his mother and Peter be able to save her and revive their love ... it's a bad movie, you could probably understand it. <br /> <br /> One of the main problems of this silly movie is the non-definition of the tooth fairy. They say it kills you if you lose your tooth, but no. She looks more like a serial killer who kills at random, and if you lose your tooth, you will definitely leave. She steals a bike, so apparently she is also a thief. I said earlier that the idea for this film was based on Darkness Falls, but where did they find inspiration for the appearance of the Tooth Fairy? Let's see. She looks like a burnt girl and she had already walked around the neighborhood slaughtering children. Hmmm ... it's almost like she's an exact scam of Freddy Krueger's "Nightmare on Elm Street" movies. And this is not the worst part of this horrible mess, it's the climax. This movie has perhaps the most laughable climax (not literally because I found it more disgusting than funny) that I've ever seen. Do not see it. <br /> <br /> Just a little detail. Lochlyn Munroe was in Scary Movie and Jianna Ballard in Scary Movie 3, and both were in the same scenario. The stars of Scary Movie are forced to end their career with bad horror movies. : 1/2 on ****. 80 minutes R for violence.
