Darcy and her young daughter Pamela travel to the country where Peter, his mother's boyfriend, left his doctor's job in the city to become a writer and build an inn. Although this inn has a terrible past and Pamela learns from one of the girls in the city that a deformed witch once lived in this house. They called her "the tooth fairy" because she would kill children after having their last tooth. This work on the hostel has awakened the "Tooth Fairy". She now turns to Pamela and her last baby tooth, but if she interferes in the same fate as Pamela. <br /> <br /> This old popular myth of the "Tooth Fairy" does not matter. Do not paint it very generously, as you would believe when you were a kid. Do not they just turn happy childhood memories into nightmares! "Darkness Falls (2003)" is another product from the same category. I can not compare their similarity in the premises, because I have not seen the latter, but I read especially that they share the same idea. For a little film on DVD, this digital TV effort is good and has some promising images surrounding the foolish and traditionally by book parcel device. Low expectations are needed because I would not say it's a success, but I found it too entertaining. <br /> <br /> The story of Cory Strode and Cookie Rae Brown for this "Tooth Fairy" character is completely nude with her leaning more towards a slasher vehicle than anything really supernatural. Silly is a good way to describe what's going on in this badly scripted story, but it never really looks like a fairy-tale horror. The dialogues may seem rather redundant and morally pursued. Although the acting is simply inferior to that of the bland characters, they have to work, but the director Chuck Bowman offers inventive splashes of blood and terribly nasty jolts. This somehow compensates for lack of suspense, zero fear and generic tone. His direction is reasonably serious and visually capable, where he gets atmospheric lighting that contrasts well with his smooth photography. The promising opening scene is frighteningly effective. Its rhythm may slow down at times and there is a strange and unnecessary idle scene, but it never gets too heavy with something active happening that makes sure I'm not bored. <br /> <br /> special makeup effects provided the goods because there is enough oatmeal repellent and the appearance of the tooth fairy is particularly gooey. The figure of the tooth may look menacing in its black dress, bubbling makeup and quick movements. Being on the spot helps to create a more natural feeling and can become rich in atmosphere in the sense of fear. The children actors can be incredibly boring, but Nicole Muñoz was decent in her part. Lochlyn Munro and Chandra West are a little solid, but can be a bit too causal in their performances as Peter and Darcey. The beautiful Carrie Anne Fleming is one of their tenants. PJ Soles appears in small part as a superstitious neighbor who tries to warn them of the evil that lurks at the inn. <br /> <br /> I thought it was a good waste of time that has a sound concept, which is not sufficiently fleshed out and the execution is a beautiful case of manual. Observable absurdity, but at the same time extremely forgettable.
