The Tooth Fairy is located in a small town in Northern California, where Peter Campbell (Lochlyn Munro) has brought a farm property that he is renovating and is planning to turn into a vacation hotel. He is joined by his girlfriend Darcy Wagner (Chandra West). and his 12-year-old daughter Pamela (Nicole Munoz) who arrives to help for the weekend. While exploring the property, Pamela meets another girl named Emma (Jianna Ballard) who warns her that the evil is hiding in her new home, she tells the story of an evil old witch known as the Fairy's teeth that takes a baby's teeth and then kills them. . Pamela is worried and becomes even more so when she falls off her bike and her last baby tooth falls, it's not long before the devilish ghost of the Tooth Fairy looks up at Pamela's tooth and decides to kill someone ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Chuck Bowman, I thought The Tooth Fairy was a low-budget, low-budget horror movie that shot straight to the video and did not stand out. not countless other films in the library. Fill in late dark night cable TV schedules, basically it's not very good. The scenario of producer Stephen J. Cannell, Corey Strode & Cookie, Rae Brown, is a complete rehearsal show for the first 40 minutes, nothing very interesting happens during this period and is basically a dull exhibition as if this stuff is happened to surprise someone. He introduces the character, establishes the legend of the tooth fairy and that's all. The second half of the film improves slightly, but even in this case, there is nothing spectacular, there are some gore scenes well stopped, but other than that, everything is very predictable and forgettable. The character is not great and most of them are there just to be killed, the story has inconsistencies like the story of the Tooth Fairy herself, she says she kills children after they gave her their baby teeth so why is she going blind killing that has nothing to do with teeth? What happened to him after the prologue of 1949? Why did she come back as a ghost? Although she is a kind of ghost, she seems very human, herself obliged to open doors herself and use weapons to kill people, she does not try to use the elements supernatural, with the exception of ghostly children playing the maximum of feeling. <br /> <br /> Director Bowman does not hurt, it's pretty well done and there are two or three decent scenes, but nothing so exciting. I would not call anything scary or atmospheric here and do not take into account the comparisons between this & Darkness Falls (2003), because in addition to teeth, they are very different. Blood is good, someone is pushed into a wood shredder, there is a decapitation, someone is cut off the penis and the best scene when someone is nailed to a door and his belly is open With an ax and his guts slide <br /> <br /> With a supposed budget of about $ 1,500,000, the Tooth Fairy is usually well done but there is nothing special to show here. The acting is nothing exceptional, but it is not too serious and, unusually, I did not find the children actors boring. So that's something I suppose. <br /> <br /> The Tooth Fairy is the habit right below the modern middle budget The direct horror tariff that seems to be everywhere these days, if you can find a cheap copy, it's likely to spend about 90 minutes if you are not too demanding, otherwise it is rather mediocre and unforgettable.
