I should have known when I looked at the box in the video store and saw Lisa Raye - for me it's Ernie Hudson A.K.A. "The Kiss of Death" for the movie * ANY *. It's almost * guaranteed * that the film will be bad (for example, in Congo) if Hudson is there (with the exception of Ghostbusters movies, intentionally campers and bad). Despite my instinct and the fact that I just saw Civil Brand, another cinematographic "showdown" featuring Lisa Raye, I still rented it. After all, I ignored my "Hudson instinct" on OZ and ended up watching a series of very high quality. So I thought I'd give this film a chance. <br /> <br /> If you like bad movies, then is a must see! This must be the most unintentionally funny movie I have ever seen in a long time. The plot is quite simple: Racheal's sister (Monica Calhoun) is killed by a band of bandits (led by Bobby Brown!) And, like many action movies, she ties her arms one last time and is dedicated to to avenge his dead sisters. To do this, she reassembles the titular Gang of Roses (supposedly based on a true story of a female gang) and they go out to take their revenge and, along the way, there's a subplot or something else about gold that could be buried in the city. One good thing I will say about this film is that, from what I could say, the stars have made their own riding and they look fantastic galloping. <br /> <br /> The funniest scenes (unintentionally funny albiet)? Look for them when they present the character of Stacy Dash or when the character of Calhoun cancels his vow not to tie his weapons (shouted tightly to the sky) or the character of Lil 'Kim joking with the character of Lisa Raye or that of Stacy Dash "Kim's character convinces Lisa Raye to join the gang or the Asian character or Macy Gray talking about" Debt is Paid "and so on. With the exception of Calhoun's Racheal and Bobby Brown's left eye, I do not even remember the names of the other characters because I laughed so loud when they were presented. <br /> <br /> If the director had opted for parody and broad comedy, it would have been a fantastic film. Unfortunately, he tries to take it seriously apparently without first taking an exhibition, a sound design (for his defense, hip-hop is notoriously difficult to integrate into a period piece), a scenography, a screenplay script or a historical research (was it me or were they the cleanest people with the whitest teeth of the old west?) seriously. Usually, when I see a film that is not so good, I wonder "could you have done better?" This is the first time in a long time that the answer is unequivocal: "YES!"
