The Italian mini-series of Quo Vadis, developed by Franco Rossi for six and a half hours in 1985, is a very curious beast. It creates an absolutely convincing Roman world, which is actually a fashion (very few long shots, no big cityscapes), but that plays so much drama in favor of allusions to classical literature and the history, the story is constantly lost in the background. <br /> <br /> The changing structure (much of episode 1 is played through voice-by-letters) and the lack of narrative urgency Full six-hour version at once demanding and undemanding , and certainly too often uninviting, but it has something to offer. The two main assets are the characterization of Petronius (fortunately nicknamed Frederic Forrest, whose own voice would almost certainly have the effect of crushing his dialogue) as a man who has spent so long looking for a clever angle to survive life. of court that he has become incapable of emotion, and Klaus Maria Brandauer has a unique vision of Nero as a full-fledged actor whose every act and action is calculated according to how his "audience" will receive him. Elsewhere, Max Von Sydow appears briefly in a few episodes. He is rewarded with the most impressive and moving scene in the series. There he meets a child while trying to leave Rome. These are the kinds of things that the series could do more and more, but it seems all too often that all potentially emotional, inspiring or exciting moments are flattened in this discreetly implacable direction. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Francesco Quinn makes an incredibly anonymous hero, blending into the walls and appearing less like a Roman officer than this quiet, slightly gormless but harmless guy who works in the same office as you and who never say much at office parties - you know, whoever you think is called Dave or something like that. The budget cuts are clearly visible once the time given to Lions for Christians and the battle of Ursus with the bull is so resolutely discreet that it overtakes you before the show loses interest and ends suddenly. <br /> <br /> I'm afraid this is not a trip that I particularly recommend, but if you go there, it's not quite without its small rewards.
