Why would anyone want to see that ?! If it was a movie posted on YouTube by a teenager, I might have applauded the teenager by doing so much with his mother's video camera. I might also have congratulated his family and friends for their great acting work. Unfortunately, it was directed by a very experienced director and it was apparently professional actors, which makes it a very, very sad film. Sad ... and very pathetic, actually. As I said, the result is directly related to the video. There is also a narrative and acting game that just shout "unprofessional" - how could that be ?! The film is filled with a lot of corpses and blood. Normally, it would make me completely run away, because I hate ultra-violent movies and do not like to see all this gore. However, since none of these elements is realistic, it is bearable. However, I must warn you that some scenes are still quite disturbing. For example, the scene with the child throwing a radio into a lady's bathtub and looking at her naked and frying is pretty bad. There are also scenes where you can hear the thought of psychos as they fantasize about the murder of women. With a level of misogyny quite terrible. the people who wrote this are pretty sick - as if killing women was supposed to be our entertainment. <br /> <br /> After a series of senseless murders, the film passes to a table in the dining room - around which are piles of balls wearing black hoods WITHOUT holes in the eyes! They speak with pride of all the murders they have committed and sung. It's very funny, although I'm not sure it's the purpose of the scene. <br /> <br /> Then, the film talks about various crimes and sexual murders, even vampirism and cannibalism. Why, I do not know - maybe because people made it happen that way. And, again, you see and hear the thoughts and actions of a German-looking man who gives goose bumps as he tracks people and kills them. <br /> <br /> By the way, considering the film used, I guess professional actors, I wondered why so many people were clearly chosen who were clearly German. While they were trying to behave like Americans and the film was to be in California, the accents are strong. Maybe the German public watched this and marveled at how realistic the game was, but for any American, it's obvious that they are not their American compatriots! Considering that there was really a zodiac killer (who has never been captured), I wonder why anyone would want to make a "movie fan" for the threat of the sick ?! I mean ... was this film considered a snuff for the perverts? I just do not see anyone else wanting to see that or enjoy it. In fact, I wonder what would motivate someone to make such a stupid and offensive film ?! Worthless and deserving to be in the list of the last 100 results of IMDb.
