As Goethe has already said, there is no point trying to make a negative judgment that aspires to be objective about "something that has had a considerable effect". "The mother and the whore" has surely gone down in history as an influence on much of what has been done in France and elsewhere over the last thirty years and no one interested in the history of the film should definitely be deterred from watching it. To express a purely subjective judgment, however, I feel compelled to disagree with almost all the other reviews published here and tell people, "Do not look at it, it's a waste of your time that will leave you angry. " And by that, I do not mean "sick and angry" about "the human condition" or something as general and profound as that, because that's exactly the line most critics have adopted in their praise of the film - "a test look in his ruthless dissection of our emotional cowardice and cruelty" and so forth - and if she really managed to get a message of this type universally or even widely, the director would have good reasons to be satisfied with himself, however pessimistic his conclusions may be. My tinkering with the movie is rather that I do not see this record of many hours of empty vanity and little betrayal, as being justified or excused by any GENERALLY relevant message. The three principal characters are deeply morally unattractive individuals: Alexander in the highest degree, of course, because we see him from afar, and because he seldom stays silent for more than thirty seconds; Marie perhaps to the slightest degree, because we see her the least. Alexander's affected and pretentious monologues are certainly fun, but the fun continues as we realize more and more clearly that Jean-Pierre Léaud is probably not even an actor and that, with absurd remarks such as "a handsome man like a film by Nicholas Ray", he was merely reproducing opinions expressed word for word, considered authentic and profound by the milieu in which he had lived with the director Eustache for ten or so years. about years of making the film. I suppose that if the tone of implacable superficiality and triviality had been maintained throughout the film, it might have worked as a long sardonic comedy about a particularly superficial, worthless and despicable post-68 milieu. However, what has at least caused the viewer to be angry at the director is the fact that he has given Alexander and Veronika at least one long stage in which we clearly expect from them that we communicated to them a moral universe. . If a man can live in the apartment and pretend to love a woman, sleep (especially in this apartment) with another and run in Paris proposing the wedding of a third, well, I guess I can wish him the good luck in the dog-eating-dog world that he chose to create for himself. What I can not, however, in all conscience, is to listen, even for a moment, to sonudlin's monologues in which he speaks of his "anxiety" and his "despair". The same goes for Veronika, even more despicable, who is shown drunk in the apartment and even in the bed shared between Mary and Alexander and behaved with an infantile inconsistency equivalent to the most cruel and cruel without heart. As I said, if "The mother and the whore" is supposed to be only a portrait of Alexander, Veronika and Marie, three people that a person, even half-honest, would never admit in their company, not to mention their house, I suppose there is a kind of legitimacy to congratulate the director for his "unwavering" (although the reason why one should even have the impression of "flinching" once one has consciously chosen to create characters as disgusting to observe in a filmic way that I can not imagine) The problem, however, is that the director is clearly convinced - and seems to have managed to convince generations of critics - that Alexander, Veronika and Marie are somehow representative of the human being in general and the limits of his emotional capacities. This last idea is however absurd and insane. There may indeed be inherent fallibility and a tendency to tragedy in human relationships in general and sexual relations in particular. But the nature and degree of this fallibility and tendency to tragedy can only be determined by people who make a sincere and serious effort to make these relationships work. Surely there is no need for film genius or author to convey to us the information that a man who behaves like Alexander will find himself hated, miserable and alone, or that women who insist on waiting for a man like Alexander will end up disappointed and bitter. Look at "Mom and Whore" if you are historically interested in what happened to culture and human interaction in a post-1968 Paris milieu, which was probably, unfortunately, not limited to a few particularly antisocial types like these. . But please, do not make the mistake of believing that what is recorded here has a general relevance for humanity, as would a film by Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese.
