Well, I'll start with the good points. The movie was only 86 minutes long, and some were so bad that it was funny. Now for the weak points. My first warning sign came with a real "warning" on the movie. At first, the following "warning" was displayed: "The film you are going to see contains graphic and disturbing images because, contrary to popular belief, being killed is neither fun, nor beautiful, nor romantic." I should have reserved the 86 minutes and then turned off. The first words of the film were: "I'm at the glue factory." He was a guy who was talking on the phone and he was talking about a retirement home as a glue factory. I do not know why. The film is based on a kid obsessed with the killer of the zodiac and begins to imitate him. The budget of this movie was at least $ 50 and they had to use the cheapest cameras they could find. The acting was worse than the one I read directly from a screenplay. That's what we seem to be doing. The script was awful, and the big "twist" was that this guy who wrote a biography about the zodiac killer was actually the zodiac killer. Of course, they tried to show that in a subtle way, but it became quite obvious in the first 10 minutes. Without more painful details of the plot, here are some awful highlights of the movie. They are trying to make the zodiac killer look like an "army of one" because the soldiers are actually murderers. Then they tried to attempt a "satanic cult" by showing guys in black hoods at a meeting. The great "hacker" was able to get the address of this child when someone gave him his name and phone number. For some reason, he had to hack the FBI to get a person's address. I do not know why he did not just look in the phone book or use whitepages.com. There was also a random allusion to September 11 for no reason. I also learned that no matter where you get shot, the blood will come out of your mouth in seconds. <br /> <br /> So if you like really bad play, mediocre scenarios, bad camera work and an obvious plot, you'll love Zodiac Killer!
