First of all, I would like to point out that the reason I gave this movie 1 out of 10 stars is that there was no option to NOT give stars! it's really so bad! I was never looking forward to seeing this movie after seeing the commercials, I finally saw the movie only by chance, because some of my friends had tickets and had one in reserve, so I logged in. Before I saw it, I had a pretty good idea that it would not be a genius - the principle seemed too ridiculous and stupid for anything to come out of it, but deep inside me, I thought "but there must be Something good for UMA THURMAN and Luke Wilson for the movie ... "I do not think either of them is particularly great, but it's a big star that would normally only make films that enhance their reputation. However, about 10 to 20 minutes after the beginning of the feature film, I realized that the movie was probably worse than expected. I was shocked to see how terrible the script was. This really gave the actors NOTHING to work, so much so that they really did not seem to know what they were doing (especially Luke Wilson). The story was completely predictable - if you saw the ad, you practically saw the movie! And there was nothing original about it. He borrows from all the stories of "superheroes" never accepted what would be acceptable if the film had been conceived as a satire of this kind, but it was unfortunately not the case. The direction seemed to be realistic. I had the feeling that the director wanted the film to be completely realistic and not at all satirical. Still, some of the film's moments were so incredibly unrealistic that it would have worked if it was a satire. At one point in the movie, two of the characters seem to die and one of the surviving characters carries a sentence like, "Oh, she's dead ... it's time to move on" and he says it in a voice so funny that it makes no sense. I found myself watching my watch after about 40 minutes to see how much time I would have left. And then it hit me ... I started to think "I wonder if the studio has made this photo a test to see if they can make the worst film possible, and always attract a large audience ...". Do not think of any other reason why this movie would be done. For filming nowadays, the scenario goes through a massive projection process and very few scenarios reach the stage of production ... I can not understand how it went beyond the first stage ... Last High point, stupid and stupid founder of Ly, I laughed with all my heart - but not what the filmmakers wanted me to laugh, but the ridiculous and stupid film. Thank goodness, I did not have to pay money to see it ... because it would have really bothered me !!! Oh, and could I just add that the two brothers Wilson, I always preferred Luke because I think he is a better actor, more versatile ... but if he wants to go even further in the shadow of OWEN, that's exactly the way to do it ... I doubt he'll get many more jobs after this 2-hour waste! And remember, he only had a generous 1/10 because I could not select 0!
