It's easy to see how this below average scenario behaved during the first Regency Films (and later Fox's) presentation meetings: cross the superhero genre with a comical interpretation of "Fatal Attraction". .. here! I do not know how a talented director like Ivan Reitman got involved, unless the salary is too tempting. Undated employee in an architectural design firm in N.Y.C. meet a girl on the subway and invite her out; Despite being distracted and uncomfortable, he eventually put her to bed - only to find out later that she is the resident superhero of the Big Apple, G-Girl. This Superman Cattail, whose powers have been conferred by a meteorite fallen to the ground, is not a fantastic heroine, however ... the writer Don Payne conceived it as a vindictive, possessive and vindictive bitch (he telegraphs us for miles Uma Thurman still plays the part of sassy laughter). This is the kind of worthless film that can not let an insult pass. Our introduction to the man of the brand Luke Wilson, talking with Rainn Wilson on the train, is accompanied by a terror among gays (it pushes us to make sure that these two friends are strictly men). After being approached by G-Girl's nemesis, who wants to zap her powers, Wilson is told that it will only make her a despised ordinary woman ... and is not that better after all? Thurman's early performances in films such as "Henry & June" and "Jennifer 8" featured an intelligent woman with angular grace and hypnotic balance; her films with Quentin Tarantino helped her expose her harshness and nerve intensity, but that came at a price (the actress apparently lost her graceful touch). The photo is extremely well produced and taken, with seemingly expensive special effects, but no one has bothered to find humor in this scenario. It is invasive, ogling, ugly and poorly built. A bloated and frozen-faced Wilson can not tell any of his colleagues that he is dating G-Girl because she made him swear he'd prefer a chainsaw stuck in his rectum. I wonder if the writer Payne really thought it was hilarious ... or, in fact, if one or the other did it? * from ****
