Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) thinks he has found the ideal woman in Jenny Johnson (Uma Thurman), who seems to be a calm but pretty woman, even though he soon learns that she is needy and possessive, oh, and that she is also the super-hero G-Girl, although you do not know what she did to Matt after panicking and broke up with her. <br /> <br /> A promising premise is ruined by mediocre execution. My super ex-girlfriend is always a nice comedy, but she relies too much on cheap sex jokes and ends up being a forgotten experience. What did not go well? The cast and the director could not overcome the weakness of the script and I did not like the way they played it. I was expecting the guy to be a fool and that could have been a fantastic revenge movie. However, they made the guy friendly and they made the superhero a psychopath. It was just not very cool and after about forty minutes the movie was worn out. Of course, there were some funny lines but the average weakness and the horrible end prevented him from really bursting. <br /> <br /> Director Ivan Reitman has lost his hand. After a successful run in the eighties and early nineties, he started making bullshit like Evolution and Father's Day. I would not say that My Super Ex-Girlfriend is a complete bust, but I do not congratulate him for the exceptional quality of the film, which is not exaggerated. Don Payne did a terrible job with the script. The majority of the jokes were lame and most of the secondary characters were just a note. He also continued to reuse a lot of jokes, making it really tedious at times. <br /> <br /> Some of the actors were kind enough to save the film. Uma Thurman was great as a G-Girl and she had a lot of fun lines. Luke Wilson was a little pale and not very interesting. I do not think he makes an attractive leader and is better at supporting roles like The Family Stone. Anna Faris was doing her "Scary Movie" routine and she is starting to age a bit. She needs a challenge or at least better scripts. Wanda Sykes is either blow or miss for me. She was excellent in Monster-In-Law and she was bad in Clerks 2. Here she is just annoying and brings nothing to the movie. Eddie Izzard was fine, nothing special. Rainn Wilson was just annoying and not funny. Overall, I was disappointed with the movie. It was not great but there was so much potential and the end result was so average. Rating 5/10
