SEVEN BOOKS: EMOTIONALLY FLAT, ILLOGICALLY, MORALLY DISTOURNANT <br /> <br /> The film was distributed in Italy under the name "Seven Souls". I was curious to know the original title and, after some research, I discovered that it was referring to Shakespeare's Venice merchant, where the usher Shylock was weaving a terrible bond with the merchant Antonio, who was supposed to give him a "book" of his flesh, in case he would not be able to repay his debt. While the Italian translation makes Ben's plan something profoundly human, characterized by human sympathy, the original plan, though sufficiently cultivated not to be perceived by anyone, renders it, just in reference to the flesh, whatever something cold, rational, deeply rooted in nature. physical side of the man. Unfortunately, I think the original title reveals the true quality of Ben's plan: it's a cold machination, which aims to "give" parts of his body, but in the absence of any genuine human empathy, at least the public is not informed. chance to see or perceive any pure relationship of souls in the entire movie. The only exception is the love affair with the girl, which seems to be a kind of unplanned incident, to which Ben gives in, but unable to convey a real emotional commitment. I really did not like the idea at the heart of the film: the idea that a person, despite the suffering caused by the pain caused by the death of his beloved and others she has caused, takes the decision to expiate one's sense of guilt by suicide: besides being improbable, it makes no sense. I would have liked, and I think it would have been more positive if, in the end, Ben had decided to give up the idea of ​​committing suicide and continue to live, thus helping these same people, and perhaps many more, standing right next to them and helping them by his presence. Of course, he would not have saved their lives miraculously: it would probably have caused more suffering, but I think it could have been more constructive from a human and moral point of view. There are many things that are illogical and disturbing: the initial reference to the creation of God in seven days (which, by the way, are six!): What does it mean? And what about a woman suffering from heart disease who prevents her from running and even singing without feeling bad, who can have normal sex with a man who, feeling as it should, destroyed by the death of his wife and having donated organs and pieces of his body, does not seem to feel so much tried, both emotionally and physically, of his altered condition? The film is saved by good acting, but everything else is pure nonsense, not only from a logical point of view, but also from a human and emotional point of view.
