If you rent a film called "The Exterminators of the Year 3000", you have a good chance of knowing what you are getting into. I have been sold by the promising descriptions of "nuclear mutants", "psychos motorcycles" and, of course, "exterminators" themselves, which, according to the back of the store, all turn around a sterile post-apocalyptic. Wasteland causing all kinds of chaos. Let the crazy hijinks and low-budget antics follow - at least, those were my hopes for this "movie". <br /> <br /> Now, I love the appalling and casual movie, and if you read the reviews on Exterminators of the year 3000, you probably do too. That being said, I rated this film as "1 (awful)" - not because I hated the film completely, but because it was one of the most daunting legitimate efforts I made. have never seen The dialogue, the acting, the cinematography, the sound editing, the editing in general, the plot, etc., etc., etc., are worthy of what must surely be a low expectation of the spectators given this title wonderful. <Br /> <br /> So what is really "good" in this bad movie? He has many of what my entourage affectionately calls "quality kills". A quality killing, for the few of you who do not know the sentence, is not a simple term, but generally refers to a person killed in a particularly horrible, creative or ridiculous way. <br /> <br /> Exterminators of the year 3000 also has a fair offer of "dialogues, therefore," funny dialogues, "provided largely by Crazy Bull, the aptly titled leader of the motorcycle gang. Unfortunate psycho - who of quality kills (if you're hoping for big things from nuclear mutants, think about it again, they play virtually no role in the movie ... shit!). Crazy Bull, however, is all you could ask for in a psycho-motor movie B-movie. Shakespearean paraphrasing and strangely PG-style insults are all he can say ... and that's great. <br /> <br /> Despite its quality kills and its mediocre dialogue, however, if you're looking for a really entertaining bad movie, Exterminators of the Year 3000 is somewhat disappointing in that its draw is limited to stupid special effects and obsolete, quality killing and poor dialogue. It's just not enough to justify a full length, mainly because of the forty minutes. This is how the public is forced to follow the characters in "car chases" long and boring and long sequences of hiking in the desert ... In short, it's a pretty good movie, but hey, this is not Death Race 2000.
