Jeffrey Combs is an insane scientist whose stem cell research has evolved into a diabolical scheme to create a hybrid humanoid-like form of hammerhead shark, hoping to breed a new species using Hunter Tylo's belly. It will not be easy because Tylo is tough and her boyfriend, William Forsythe, is not ready to let her down without a fight. <br /> <br /> You see that Tylo and Forsythe are two of Arthur's businessmen Roberts' employees, brilliant minds who meet Combs (... a scientist who once worked for Roberts and whose vacancy has entrusted to Tylo) in his fortress on the island where he conducts his research and experiments. This island offers him the opportunity to recruit new victims for his work and his "son". They think it's a professional affair with a breakthrough in stem cell research that could lead to the cure of various diseases. Combs's son was dying of kidney cancer when he decided to do his crazy science on him, creating this bloodthirsty, flesh-eating creature who can both swim and walk on dry land ( .. although, at first, the hammerhead could not stay out for short periods). Tylo went out with the son of Combs, hence the connection, apart from the fact that they were working for Roberts, who takes his trophy wife, Mariya Ignatova. Tylo and Forsythe, Roberts and Ignatova, accompanied by their colleagues, Elise Muller and GR Johnson. Combs catch them in a conference room, but they can escape on the island because he sends after them his well-paid mercenaries and his hammerhead shark son. <br /> <br /> Features similar to that of a sci-fi creature, Hammerhead: Shark Frenzy has rather unattractive computer-generated effects and attacks (where the shark tears the limbs) are shot in a fast-paced frenzied camera format, where you'll have a hard time seeing any of the bloody carnage that ensues. . You have this vague notion that a person is being eaten (torn to shreds), but the attacks themselves are drawn in a very erratic way that, to tell the truth, is rather infuriating. The monster itself is never seen in its entirety, just momentarily see an eye or a part of the body being eaten away when the victim howls in horror. One thing is certain, you see teeth. We get Cgi pictures of the hammerhead shark swimming towards the screen, all menacing, ready to feast on flesh. One constant is that (and after) the victims are attacked, we see a lot of blood and pieces of flesh boiling on the surface of the water (this is really the main message of the director Michael Oblowitz who informs the spectator that those who are torn <br /> <br /> The combs are not an innovation as a scientist, but he has always been able to convey a silent madness under this resolution of coolness. see Forsythe play a role of purified hero, very unnatural, like a genius of electronics (... to his credit, he gets away with it) who must assume a leading position when the group faces an unprecedented danger Tylo also plays a very different role, a scientist who can very well defend himself, Roberts can play the role of the millionaire businessman in his sleep, and it is rather nice to see him fire a machine gun at the soldiers of Combs (although his fate is not pleasant). Mentioning this, it was also very amusing to watch Forythe and Tylo killing Combs hired minions with confiscated machine guns. As expected, the scenario allows those who created the deadly demon to unnecessarily endanger themselves just to pay for their sins. I mean seriously if these people knowingly leave themselves vulnerable to an attack after seeing the damage. the human anatomy he could do? Beautiful exotic setting is quite a beautiful backdrop.
