Where on earth are all these unexplored islands where prehistoric monsters, evil doctors who carry out their experiments, fools holding the title of ultimate champion of karate and super rich chasing men for sport are hiding? I did not know there were still so many unexplored islands, but if you take into account the number of movies using one of these mysterious islands as a location, you'll have to assume that there are at least 50 suckers. over there. He always ends up feeling so practical and I immediately deduce the points of any film using this worn device. Hammerhead tells the story of a mad scientist who conducts experiments on one of these unexplored islands. So the movie had a lot to do to make up for it. <br /> <br /> The island of this movie used to belong to Dr. Moreau, but was recently bought by the resuscitator himself, Jeffrey Combs. Old Jeffrey conducts cutting-edge stem cell research, which led him to start working with sharks while seeking a cure for cancer. If it sounds familiar to you, it's basically the same basic setup as the Deep Blue Sea Smart Shark setup, not to mention a host of other Nu Image movies. So apparently, Jeffrey's son was dying of cancer, which caused our mad doctor to start experimenting with his offspring. He did some sort of fantasy splicing and so on, turning his son into a shark-man. <br /> <br /> William Forsythe leads a team of unknown actors on the island to examine the doctor's experiences. If someone had given him a sailor's hat, William would have sounded the death knell for the Gilligan's Island skipper. In the typical manner of Bond Villain, the doctor decides that all these intruders would be a nice boyfriend for his son. Not buddies, like buddies ... buddies, like shark food. Enter Sharkboy, who begins to hunt down the Skipper and his cohorts all over the island. Of course, they try to escape without conviction and are repeatedly upset as they are pursued by a guy in a rubber shark suit. <br /> <br /> The film does not solve any of the problems it has lost to having taken place on one of those despicable and deserted islands. It's funny that this movie is called Hammerhead, it made me think of an old joke. Why do you hit the head with a hammer? Because it feels good when we stop. That's about what this movie is. The only reason to look at it is that it's so good when it's over.
