The "delicate" misadventures of four au pairs arriving in London the same day in the early 1970s. There is a Swedish, a Danish, a German and a Chinese. The story succeeds in undressing them, associating them with Carry On humor and associating them with various misfits in the British film and television culture of the time, including Man Of The House star Richard O ' Sullivan, future Cornyation Street, a thug from Johnny Briggs, and the mainstay of the horror film Ferdy Mayne (playing a sheik). There is a fair amount of female nudity on display, for those who like this kind of thing (but obviously nothing hardcore). <br /> <br /> Most of the film is rather skinny and unimportant; girls are stereotypes and Anita, a German woman, suffers from a kind of infantile disorder: he is an idiot obsessed with color television who acts as a kind of child and disguised dresses to deliberately show his private parts; in another more serious film, she would be a psychiatric case. The most interesting part of the film is a Swedish girl taken to a London club where some shady guys are still trying to swing, seduced by a middle-aged rocker, losing her virginity and realizing that the scene is not for her. These sequences have energy and suggest a more intriguing film than the one we came up with, in which the promiscuity and the fund of the music trade and upper classes lead a soulless and shabby life (John Standing is a good helpless public school rode). The strangest of these stories was that the Chinese (the future veteran of the cannibal film Me Me Lay) sinks with her childish employer to the piano prodigy, falling in love with him and leaving in the middle of the night without any good reason, except some. Orientalist notion that "Chinese birds are impenetrable, are not they ?!" The film is humiliating enough for its female characters and there is a bit of homophobia in the dialogue and one of the characterizations. The end is striking, because Mayne's Sheik, without earthly reason (unless they have to end the movie one way or another), brings all the girls into her Arab realm for what looks like all the world to a future in the white slave trade. are all delighted. <br /> <br /> Stuff and nonsense for the most part, but directed with a great skill by the veteran Val Guest, which makes it a film that stands out from most movies Brit movies sexploitation of 70s.
