I caught this film at the Edinburgh Film Festival. I had not heard much about it. Only it was a tight-paced thriller, shot digitally with a very small budget. I was hoping to catch the next big Brit-Flick. But I must say that I was severely disappointed. "This is not a love song" follows two criminals who, after having accidentally shot and killed a farmer's daughter, find themselves involved in a deadly game of cat and mouse when the inhabitants decide to seize the case and continue it. <br /> <br /> The real problem is that this is another example of style versus substance in a British film. The angles of view and the editing are in total contradiction with the history, as well as the exceptional performances and the appalling use of the slow motion, which serves only to give to all the aspect of a video expensive household. There are repeated attempts to make the film look edgy and grainy, which is rather hilarious and disproportionate (like a pathetic and compulsive drug scene and countless useless camera zooms). No amount of clichés like this can hide the fact that it's a pretty bad story. <br /> <br /> We've seen this kind of thing many times and we've done a hundred times better, especially in John Boorman's masterful "rescue". But while in this last film, we were really interested in the characters, in this film, I found myself just wanting them to be hunted down and killed as quickly as possible. Even that would not have been so bad if their opponents had been frightening or valid, but rather a set of stereotypical peasants with a consanguineous appearance. Once again, another offensive and overused snapshot is put forward. Surely there are nice people in the country, filmmakers? <br /> <br /> For his defense, "This Is Not A Love Song" contains some good moments of suspense, but it is difficult to see this film come true other than to go directly to the video or to obtain a very limited output to the cinema. This is not a patch of last year's low budget film, hunted in the hills, "Dog Soldiers". Maybe British cinema could really be revived if good money stopped serving the wrong people.
