To understand where this version of A STAR IS BORN comes from 1976: Barbra Streisand sings his last issue in close-up seven minutes and forty seconds, followed by another freeze frame of two and a half minutes. Streisand - taking a pose similar to that of Christ - behind the closing credits. More than ten uninterrupted minutes of the center of Barbra's distinctive face, filling the big screen with an uncompromising ego. It may be a kind of cinematic record. <br /> <br /> Or think about it: The plot of this musical revolves around a love story between two music superstars while Streisand's songs are performed in their entirety - including the endless finale - his partner Kris Kristofferson is not allowed to complete a single song he plays. Although she allows him to contribute a little back to some of his songs, she actually sings as a duet. <br /> <br /> Or think about this: Streisand's name appears at least six times in the credits, including taking credits for "musical concepts" and her wardrobe (from her closet) - and she would have also wanted, but failed to get a co-leadership credit too. One of her credits was executive producer, a producer credit going back to her boyfriend and former hairdresser, Jon Peters. As such, Streisand controlled the final editing of the film, which is why he is so obsessed with film orientation in his direction. What does not explain is why, given all the opportunities to make the Great Diva look good, their efforts make Streisand look bad. Although this is one of Streisand's biggest box office hits, it's probably his worst film and worst performance ever. <br /> <br /> Anyway, moving Hollywood's melodrama to the world of sex-drug-and-rock Streisand plays Esther Hoffman, a pop singer on the road to fame, who shares the path fast for a moment with John Norman Howard of Kristofferson, a hard rocker heading for the ramp to Has-Beenville. In previous incarnations of history, "Norman Maine" sacrificed his career as men to help newcomer "Vicky Lester" achieve success. In the 1970s feminists, Streisand & Co. would like to point out that their heroine owes nothing to a man. The trajectory is therefore biased. she will succeed with or without him and he is almost at the bottom of the stage one; it is a burden she must bear in the name of love. As such, there is an obvious effort to make the main woman not only harder, but almost pitiless, while her mistress presents herself as an idiot. <br /> <br /> Kristofferson passes through the film with credible indifference to the film. Equipment; trying very little to give a great performance, and curiously, it serves his purposeful and apathetic character well. Streisand, on the other hand, does not show a single moment of honesty in all his time on the screen. Everything she does seems, if not repeated too much, at least too much control. Even his apparent ad libs seems awkwardly premeditated and his moments of hysteria supposedly coldly mechanical. Both have no chemistry, which makes the relationship absolutely amazing. You can assume that her character sees her as a symbol of her endangered youth and her innocence, although at 34, Streisand does not seem particularly young or naive. The only conceivable attraction he could offer him is that he can exploit it as a faster way to become a star. And, indeed, if the film had the courage to play the film in this way, to make the character of Streisand openly play a mean villain, the film might have a spark and maybe a reason to 'to exist. <br /> <br /> But I guess filmmakers actually see Esther as a compassionate victim; they do not seem to realize how cold and self-absorbed she is. But the sensitivity is not one of the highlights of the film: note the little joke that is to entrust Barbra two African-American singers to let the film engage in the racism lame to call the trio The Oreos. And the film insists that Esther retains his ethnic identity by using his first name Hoffman. However, the filmmakers have changed the name of the character of the previous films of "Esther Blodgett" not to overload Streisand. a name too Jewish or too unattractive. That's all for ethnic pride. <br /> <br /> The backstage of the throws and meditations that followed the release of the film is almost legendary, the fact that the film was so polite is remarkable. Nominal director Frank Pierson seems to have provided the raw material for a good film, with the considerable help of Ace filmmaker Robert Surtees. And the film served its purpose well, producing an album of soundtracks of decent pop songs (including "Evergreen", Oscar winner, Paul Williams and Streisand). But overall, the film turned out to be the only thing Streisand would have claimed did not want to be, a vanity project.
