I think that, deep in the darkest and thinnest part of their hearts, everyone likes Jerry Springer a little bit. While his show is undeniably offensive and stupid, it also gives us the opportunity to see that, relatively speaking, most of us have it really well. When you look at the trailer park, the dollar whiskey, the incessant love of the Springer show, even your worst day looks like a walk in the park. Jerry is doing a public service, and we should be grateful. He abandoned a political career to animate the show, just for us. <br /> <br /> What we should not be grateful for is the "Ringmaster" waste film. "Ringmaster" shows what life looks like for those who end up being guests of the series, or they would like us to think. The film follows the pre-requisite story of Springer: The triangles of love. A triangle includes Connie, her daughter Angel and her husband Rusty. The other concerns Starletta, Vonda and Demond. When the two unlucky groups meet in Los Angeles, their lives mingle and collide, all culminating in an explosive episode of the Springer series. It's like what would be "Short Cuts" if Robert Altman had a severe habit for crack. <br /> <br /> "Ringmaster" is faithful to the series, it's stupid and offensive from start to finish. It also makes me very happy not to live in the misery that the characters do. But the film has a problem. It's presented as a comedy, but it's not very funny. There are few laughs that please. Maybe some people are watching this and laughing all the time. If you think that blowjobs and rapes are funny, well, I guess you are one of those people. Personally, I laughed two or three times and I spent the rest of the film under the spell of the horrors of life in white. <br /> <br /> The Jerry Springer Show is not intended to make the leap TV on the big screen. What's funny in a one hour show (less, when you count the commercials) is not going to be funny in a one-and-a-half hour movie. The movies have to tell a story, and it's something other than "Ringmaster" has problems. The story is faded. There are so many holes in the plot and continuity errors that any coherent narrative attempt is quickly broken. And even if there were no such problems, how much pleasure can you derive from a story of stereotypes in a stereotypical story? Even the Hollywood formula could not improve the situation. "Ringmaster: it's so bad, it messes up even the best part of Springer's show: the final thought, and one way or another, even the smarter, simpler aspect of the show was blowing harder that the slutty women on which the movie is built. <br /> <br /> The worst offender in all of this is Springer himself - he's such a bad actor that he can not even play convincingly. Watching Springer play Springer is sad, it's like he's looking for a "And if Woody Allen played the vibrations of Jerry Springer, and he failed. Sadly. He has gone to the trouble of producing this disaster, the least he can do is try to improve it as much. <br /> <br /> Not that I 'I say everyone in this movie performs a performance worthy of a price. On the contrary, they are all nil. No wonder, no one in this movie has been up to it. The best of one of them was Molly Hagan, who got a job. a sitcom on Nickelodeon. Apparently, Nickelodeon has no problem hiring a woman who has starred in the vilest movie '9 0 to play in a children's program. You wonder what kind of things other adults in this chain have done in their past. <br /> <br /> Here are my last thoughts: What we have here is a group of people without self respect and a man with money to spend, who met and gathered their resources to produce a film that shows how much they hate each other and how much they think about the intelligence of their viewers. Should we accept the people who make movies that treat us as severely damaged pieces of goo by the brain? I say no. Somewhere in this crazy and mixed world, there is a perfect movie for each of us. We just have to keep looking for it. Until next time, take care of yourself and your loved ones. And never look at "Ringmaster".
