I can not really say that "Jerry Springer: Ringmaster" is the worst movie I have ever seen. The film would be better if it was, because at least the worst film I've ever seen, (Prom Night II) interested me enough for me to hate it. My only reaction after leaving the theater was when I looked up at the clock and found that only 90 minutes had passed. It had seemed much more like years. It's an endless repetition of the poor (or what Jerry Springer seems to believe are poor), bullshitting, hitting, insulting, then repeating the process with the same attention as others when shampooing. The intrigue, which deals with how a group of stupid people change their lives badly enough to provide water to Jerry Springer's mill, advances only because of the idiocy of the characters. This makes it impossible to worry about what's happening to them. It never mattered to me if they were in the series, what they said or who slept with whom. Maybe I'm not supposed to be interested in them. Maybe I'm supposed to think of them as some sort of comic genre - to see their outrageous behavior as intrinsically funny. Too bad that it is not. Humor is not outrageous. It's innocuous. It's predictable. Humor must have something behind, a kind of painful irony or life experience, to work. Sociology is not of the mind. An example. A mother catches her daughter and her husband in bed. In revenge, she crosses the trailer park and gives a blowjob to her daughter's boyfriend. After the shock of Jerry Springer's show a long time ago, I had the same reaction I had to obscene nursery rhymes by Andrew Dice Clay. no laughing, just yawn. Finally, I found Springer's posture as a populist boring and unconvincing. If he really were an advocate for the poor, he would invite a single mother from Bed-Sty to talk about trying to raise his kids in New York at $ 12,000 a year. Otherwise, he would give at least a share of his profits to the participants of his shows. Jerry Springer earns millions for his shows, his film, his book and his videos. His guests only get one round-trip airfare, hotel accommodation and a chance to humiliate themselves. If he loved the poor so much, he would give them at least some of the money they earn for him. It seems that Springer wanted to make this film a legitimate legitimacy. God, with all his great work, you would think he would have already earned our respect. Anyway, the movie is weak and boring. It does not even succeed in being offensive. If you want to have a better night, record a bug zapper for one night, then watch it.
