The vampire bat is located in the small German village of Klineschloss where Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) the Burgermeister holds a meeting with Inspector Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) of the local police on all recent murders. Six victims were found several weeks, all drained of blood and wearing the same two perforation wounds to the neck. Brettschneider has no idea, but the village's superstitious veterans believe that these deaths are the work of a vampire. Brettschneider is not convinced, but the frightened villagers continue to tell the story of the big bat. The last victim, Martha Mueller (Rita Carlyle), was found. Brettschneider is under increasing pressure to solve the murders, but can he really believe that a giant vampire bat is responsible and if so how will he stop it? <br /> <br /> Directed by Frank R. Strayer The vampire bat was Doctor X (1932) & it's more a mystery of murder than a horror that exploitation and seduction might have led to the success of its two stars Atwill & Wray and their success of previous years to believe & frankly it is rather boring. The Edward T. Lowe Jr. scenario takes itself quite seriously and sets the basic story that something kills local villagers and that something could be a vampire, and for most of its duration, the The film is dedicated to Brettschneider and his incompetent investigations which are, to not put a point too late, boring. The vampire bat also has a bit of an identity crisis because she does not really know what she wants to be, the title would suggest a horror movie while the majority could be easily described as a thriller with the last few minutes going down in silly science fiction. There are no vampire bats, attempts to deceive you are pathetic, all the characters are broad stereotypes and you can tell right away the villain of the play and as a whole, The Vampire Bat has nothing particularly exciting and entertaining. I know it's old, but it's not an excuse because the cinema has evolved a lot since 1933 and a bland, flat, boring, boring and misleading film like The Vampire Bat is not enough these days, Just look at the original King Kong (1933) released the same year and how brilliant it still is today. I did not like that and I doubt that many modern moviegoers do it either, it's as simple and straightforward as that. <br /> <br /> Director Strayer does not do anything special, but it's a typical case. I can reduce the shooting time of the film because of its age. All in all, it's about filming and hoping for the best things. There is not much atmosphere or fear, although some of the already existing sets from The Old Dark House (1932) and Universal's European decor on their backs are nice and add a certain ambiance to things. <br /> <br /> Technically, the vampire bat can not compare to anything, even in a modern way, for age, that's fine, I guess, but I'm bringing your attention back to the King Original Kong. Speaking of King Kong, his star Fay Wray plays a role, just like the horror icon Lionel Atwill, I'll be nice and say the acting is OK. <br /> <br /> The vampire bat will probably imagine a lot people think that this is a horror movie about vampire bats when this is not the case. Personally, I thought it was a little boring. It's short and it tells its story quite reasonably but I must admit that I'm not a fan.
