In making this film, director Mary Harron apparently aimed to document clearly the progress of Bettie Page's career, from the beginnings of models to her departure, after the Senate hearings on juvenile delinquency and her religious rediscovery in the 1950s. , and his intention is to get all these facts on the screen within the time limit; she seems to have missed the time needed to explain anything in depth. <br /> <br /> When you think of someone who had a career of Page I think there would be a lot to discuss, his reasons, his decisions, his life event, his personal traumas, but Harron avoids any personal exploration of the character. In the first 15 minutes or so of the film, there are brief references to child abuse, domestic violence and gang rape, but they are all hasty and never mentioned again. One has the impression that Harron and Guinevere Turner (co-author) wanted to hide anything that was neither glamorous nor flattering. You go into this movie hoping to get an idea of ​​who the person behind the posters is, but all you are given is a list of things she has done and recreations of some of her most famous photo shoots. <br /> <br /> All in all, the movie frustrates you a lot, you are desperately waiting for an extra layer to come out. How did she balance her religion with her work? What drove this Tennessee girl to go from modeling to bondage photography. The film just shows that she goes to another modeling agency and that she puts everything she tells him, but that would surely have caused a shock and deliberations, it was after all the 50s. > <br /> It seems to me that Harron is trying to make clear how all this is up to current standards (Page has never taken pictures of explicit sex acts) and the reaction that some people have given to that kind of thing that was really overzealous. And while this is true, it never makes it look sordid to others. Today, we look at a girl posing topless and do not think at all, but we should have had an idea that it would have been shocking for a contemporary audience. This woman played a central role in a Senate hearing on juvenile delinquency, but no one was ever really shocked. <br /> <br /> Basically, I left this film thinking about how it was tamed. Harron and Turner have managed to avoid anything that could be unpleasant for a spectator. They seem to be two long-time fans of Miss Page and are desperate to make sure nothing, absolutely nothing can really enlighten their heroine, and so have avoided looking in-depth who she really was. (Before and after his career, his violent nature and his mental problems were reported). There remains only the succession of events that have made his career, without any substance behind.
