On September 26, 1983, a 60-year-old woman, a dump, went on trial for the attempted murder of Léonie Haddad, a woman whose husband had recently died and who had agreed to receive a tenant through an agency. housing for the elderly. Haddad was not informed that her new tenant was in fact leaving the Patton State Mental Hospital, where she had been incarcerated for an inexplicable knife attack on a married couple three years earlier. Haddad soon realized that something was "rotten in Denmark" when the woman began to lock herself in the bathroom with a tape recorder reciting prophecies about "the seven gods". Haddad's fears were confirmed one night when she awoke to find her tenant astride his chest, holding a bread knife announcing that "God inspired me to kill you". Haddad managed to knock out his attacker with a phone, but not before he lost a finger and suffered deep lacerations in his face and chest. It was a miracle, she survived. The tenant was found innocent because of his insanity, but he was sent back to the academy laughing. Ten years later, she was released and discovered she was now a celebrity. but not for the brutal attacks on her innocent victims, but for her incarnation 25 years ago, when she was nicknamed the "Queen of Curves", the "Tennessee Tease" and the "Miss Pin Up Daughter of the World" - the notorious Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> Director Mary Harron, best known for "American Psycho", brings us back to the glory of a legendary cheesecake and bondage model (played fairly solidly by Gretchen Mol) who inadvertently writes the blue imprint of fetish iconography and whose influence can be detected in everything from comics to podiums. TNBP is a captivating day through an evocative depiction of the 1950s, where Page, with the help of family friends and well-meaning photographers, becomes the number one star in handheld glossies with titles such as Wink, Tab and Parade. His real dream of cinema fame escapes him and a friction with the authorities following accusations of obscenity in 1957 is the incident that leads him to withdraw from modeling and to give himself to God. The film's overall style is clear and sparkling and darkens only momentarily, alluding to his father's incestuous attentions and a sexual assault that inexplicably seems to have no noticeable effect on her. Mol plays the page as she looks on her photos, happy, carefree and fun - even the blows of bondage betray little more than incomprehensibility in a good mood. The film ends on a page hosted by Page, who happily distributes Bibles in a park, without any indication of real life, unhappy marriages, personal tragedy and dignity that stems from the murderous madness that expected; to avoid what I think is the essential core of the story of Page - rebirth and resurrection. <br /> <br /> After a decade of incarceration, Page discovered that her cult had been on the rise since the mid-1980s and that she had become a huge underground icon, during which many wondered "that did he come to Bettie Page ". His "mysterious" disappearance fueled the fires of many conspiracy theories that only added to the appeal of his legend. When the media around the world caught up with her, she gave no indication of her dark past. She quickly gave interviews to magazines, T.V and was photographed at Playboy nights with artists like Pamela Anderson and the tragic Anna Nicole Smith. She discovered that she was now more famous than she had ever been in her "glory years," but in the light of this "resurrection" it was only a matter of time before any the story is revealed. <br /> <br /> The only notorious thing about The Notorious Bettie Page is that they forgot the role when it became really notorious.
