"The 700 Club" must be the most cynical television program in the history of television. To make matters worse, it has been on the air since 1966, implying that thousands, if not millions, of people adhere to their hatred and lies. Led by Pat Robertson, unscrupulous founder and megalomaniac of the Christian Coalition, "The 700 Club" takes us from misinformation to misunderstanding by broadcasting "news" as they like to think about it and trying to convince its audience that problems of the world are to blame for homosexuals, wiccans, New Age spiritualists, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, non-fundamentalist Christians, Democrats, single mothers, foreigners, feminists, evolutionists, environmentalists, NASA scientists and anyone with fanatical religious views. This is actually the best false news since "The Daily Show" or the "Weekend Update" segment of "Saturday Night Live" or since "FOX News", by the way. Of course, it's always Pat who makes every decision, who says everything that goes through your head, regardless of who is offended or hurt. Meanwhile, he continues to take part in the struggle to turn the United States into a militarized police state by making sure that the religious group makes fun of everything they can and asks for one donation after another - no less than $ 100 to become a lean By the way, the member must fund Pat's African diamond mines and buy oil from companies reprimanded by the government in the past for abusing the environment. No, it does not matter if Pat is a good friend of the genocidal dictators of Zaire and Zimbabwe to help him acquire such wealth; it is for the greater glory of God, you do not know? And of course, the animators of "The 700 Club" are always willing to read letters "written by viewers" as they like to say, coinciding, each typed in the same format and all on the same color of paper by "viewers" supposedly cured of various afflictions by said hosts (they claim that "words of knowledge" are addressed to them) but which NEVER appear on the show to tell what happened to them. Honestly, how can you take a show seriously when using a recording of low applause? This should lead people to wonder why there is no studio audience. <br /> <br /> The sad thing that Pat's friends and TV viewers do not realize or simply do not want to realize is the horrible things he did and said. It's a guy who agreed with Jerry Falwell that the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks in the United States were the result of God's condemnation of our acceptance of homosexuality and feminism. Ironic, since Pat has twice publicly mentioned the introduction of a nuclear weapon in the State Department; I have little doubt that it was his property that prevented him from being arrested for such statements. His speeches against homosexuals, single mothers and many of the sexual practices he considers "sinful" are interesting, given that he was known to have frequented a number of brothels during the Korean War. As the Bible says, be fruitful and multiply. Congratulations, Pat. Thanks to you, many children are born to single Korean mothers. Then, of course, there was the moment when he called for the assassination of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez (not that he is a saint, but still). Oh, yes, and let's not forget the time when this "crusader for human life" has supported forced abortion in China. Very "Christian" about him, would not you say? <br /> <br /> And just in case Pat forgot, I did not forget his little speech that says that evangelical Christians today are "treated exactly like Jews" in Nazi Germany. "Honestly, comparing his" difficult fate "to the horrors of the Holocaust is almost unpardonable.In talking about this, should I mention how he blatantly lied that homosexuality reigned among the Nazi party in a pathetic attempt to discredit Of course, history shows us that the Nazis acted towards homosexuals in the same way that they acted towards the Jews. "Pat Robertson is one of the greatest liars in history. was Pinocchio, his nose would encircle the Earth. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, more and more people continue to believe it every day.This is your alarm clock, people; "The 700 Club" is one of The vilest programs in the history of television: evil is masquerading as good, it's a wolf's garment, it's a fanatical filth that tries to look clean, pretty and loving. living proof that obnoxious and dangerous religious ideas do not not limited to certain groups in the Middle East. Even those who are not Christian know that it goes against everything Jesus taught. If Jesus were to appear before this "club", he would not imitate them. Instead, he would chastise them as he did the Pharisees of his day and flip the money baskets of their telethons as he had done in front of the synagogue of his time. All I can say is thanks to God that Pat has no chance to become president. if he did, he would be the forerunner of Armageddon - not the gentile side.
