I do not believe that a more perverse or mean television program was broadcast in the United States under the name of The 700 Club. They are the equivalent today of the Ku Klux Klan of the 20th century. Their hatred of all that is good, sweet, human and pure is beyond comprehension. Their constant daily attacks on millions and millions of Americans, as well as billions of humans around the world, who do not share their fanatic, cruel, monstrous and completely crazy vision of humanity is beyond anything what television has ever seen. The lies they spit and the ridiculous lies they try to pass for truth, like the idea of ​​"life after death" or "god" or "sin" or "devil" are so absurd that they actually seem mentally ill. lost are they in their fantasy. Sane people know that religion is a drug and should not be caught in this type of fantasy. However, the 700 Club is a class apart. They are really a cult. Although I believe in freedom of expression, their way of spreading hatred, lies, misinformation and such fantastic ideas goes beyond all limits. I hope that one day the American Psychiatric Association will finally take care of the study of those who deceive themselves, those who let themselves be so deeply immersed in the imaginary country of religion, that they no longer have any notion reality of reality. . The treatment of these afflicted people is sorely lacking in this country, so many people have completely lost their reason in the face of the fantasy of religion. The 700 Club, however, is even more horrible because it fits the legal definition of the term "cult," but because of the great wealth of the 700 club (known daily to millions of Americans locked in their misleading hold), they are above the laws in force in this country. . For those of you who have seen the movie "The Matrix", you know that this film was a metaphor of religion on earth: the bad guys who are at the top of each of the religions that drain the ones they have trapped and abuse it cruelly. Its own selfish goals and the millions of people who sleep and slowly empty their life force represent these many people who belong to religions and have lost all ability to perceive what is really happening around them. <br /> <br /> In a less civil era, good citizens would have run monsters like those associated with the 700 club outside the city with torches and forks. But in today's world where people have lost all choice in the choice of television presented to them, we have no way of getting rid of the scourge of the 700 Club. <br /> <br /> The TV rating system and the TV chip "V" should also include a classification called "R" for religion, so that rational people and parents can easily switch to sifts such brutal, intellectual and emotional rape, as presented by The 700 Club every day throughout the country, of themselves and their children.
