Years have passed since Don Wilson used his martial arts know-how to neutralize a robot programmed to destroy it. He is also married to the blonde journalist (Stacie Foster) who led the rebellion in the first film. A new conspiracy is now open the works, one that involves similar droids that frame our two heroes, and a society that seeks to rule the world (there is no plot to support that) and Cyber ​​Tracker 2 becomes a virtual recovery of the first film. I admit to buying DVDs from the trash made by PM. PM was a company specializing in cheap action movies (like this one), which produced tons of explosions, a little story and, all in all, nothing less than action. Some of these titles have been (slightly) enjoyable (Last Man Standing and The Sweeper), but Cyber ​​Tracker 2 remains stuck in the casting of charisma Don Wilson. Jeff Wincott and C. Thomas Howell are both Academy Award nominees for Don Wilson. Another telling sign is that this film was directed by Richard Pepin, who has nothing of the talent that Joseph Merhi seems to have to create action sequences that feel much more expensive than their budgets. Again, although C. Thomas and Wincott are probably more expensive to obtain. Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is a scam with a Capitol R. There is so much theft of better movies (Robocop, Terminator, Universal Soldier or Halloween III!) It's almost like Richard Pepin was trying to instill a sense of Identity to the Pedestrian Hardware but without the clever ideas or at least the blind zip of great action, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 falls flat. There is literally no good idea that is not borrowed from a better movie and the main actors. The only exception comes from Tony Burton who is better than hardware. In addition, Stacie Foster seems to be better with a much better material. However, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is mainly noisy, bland and dull, but without real martial arts sequences, all there is is a lot of cars toppling over and nothing in itself replaces bankruptcy of ambition expressed here. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 on 4- (mediocre)
