When they killed the character of John Amos, they killed the show. He was the vital part of the information structure. You had the story of a family of inner-city neighborhoods trying to do it in the best way possible. They were poor, they were black and they were living proof that if you have Jesus and your family, nothing is too difficult. Of course, James would lose jobs and JJ would fail at school, but the family still managed to find a way. <br /> <br /> James was the strong male model who earned income and disciplined children. Florida was the strong woman that everyone, including James, would need when he needed a shoulder to cry or hug to do it. The children had personalities and ideas that made them important as a family unit. Their neighbor, Willona, ​​was also a key element because she represented not only a friend, but some were quite expensive to be part of the family. Things were brilliant, serious, fun and honest until they changed the course of the program. James dies and JJ resumes the show. <br /> <br /> Flo was still mom, Thelma was becoming a woman and Michael was still the militant dwarf, but JJ was the show. We were supposed to believe that the family without a father or a big bread winner could stay in the apartment. I guess James' salary did not help the family much. They were threatened with deportation only because they said they were moving out and not because no one in the house was working. I know that JJ, Flo, Thelma and even Michael have finally found a job, but come here for real. James worked so hard that you could feel it, but the others were not at all realistic and it's a shame. <br /> <br /> JJ was comic relief, but I felt the show needed substance. It's nice to be funny, but they had the opportunity to show a real family and what it took to survive in the real world. They ruined everything and laughed. Michael's character has almost disappeared while the rest of the cast has slipped into the shadow of JJ Evan's show. I mean really, there was a guy who was failing at school, he continued to get fired and he was painting for money in about two episodes. James had always been there to encourage his talent, but Flo and the rest of the family did not seem to care. <br /> <br /> Why had it taken him so long to understand that painting was what he was supposed to do? He could have sold paintings on the street or worked for billboard and billboard printers. (He did it but something went wrong.) Why did not he do it and why did others give up their dreams? I'm going to tell you why, it's because they did not have a father in their lives to care for and encourage them, and their mother stopped being theirs to support their dreams. The series stopped teaching us to grow, build and learn and started talking to us about gadgets and slogans. They should have kept James. If a show needed a father, it was that one.
