What we have here is a classic case of too much patriotism. This is what happens when you live in a small country with very little (almost never) film history. Whenever someone proposes a slightly more ambitious film project ?? other than the usual tragedies about struggling farm families or the awesome movies of local comedians ?? everyone feels obligated to love him and even responsible for spreading favorable reviews across country borders. This is particularly the case when the screenwriter / director of this particular film is already a love of the nation, as he is also the founder and singer of a popular rock band. "Anyway, the wind is blowing" is not a bad film, but it is certainly overestimated (even if it is possible within the confines of a small country) and has absolutely nothing new or even original to offer. This is essentially the Flemish version of classic films such as "Short Cuts" and "Magnolia". It illustrates a mosaic of characters whose daily life seems at first not to be related, but ultimately to be confused. The only thing that seems to unite the eight protagonists originally is the city of Antwerp, where they all live and work, but little by little, the deeper relationships between them become transparent and come closer to the climax where they congregate all for a party. The main problem of "No matter how the wind blows", at least according to you, lies in the characters. They are really random, uninteresting and honestly do not experience anything that could be considered out of the ordinary. The writer / director Tom Barman probably intended to describe the average and usual inhabitants of Antwerp, but then, seriously, what is it for? One of the characters is dismissed from his projectionist work, another is a failed novelist struggling with a marriage crisis, two brothers and sisters have recently lost their father and one of the most "mysterious" is followed by the wind wherever he goes. There are still some characters who scroll regularly on the screen, but they deserve even less to be mentioned. These people simply discuss very random topics (like life in the 80s, dates and intestinal movements of everyone) and philosophy about topics that are of no interest to anyone. Some dialogues evoke slight sneers, especially the interactions between the two young men of about twenty years from Ghent, but nothing extraordinary or even memorable. The film works best as a tourist video to promote the city of Antwerp and as an extended and versatile musical documentary. There are several elegant and clever tourist images of Antwerp and there is always a beautiful music, be it very loud or subtly in the background. Generally speaking, "Any Way The Wind Blows" is a neat and elegant effort, but too commonplace and a bit boring, and honestly, I really wonder why most of his fans would have even bothered to look at it. was not a Flemish production.
