This film was agitated, incoherent and artificial. It was also an extremely naughty portrait of women. I rented it because it was in the comedy category (it's a stretch) and because the cover said that Andie McDowell was acting like a storm. She was not. I'm a girl, I watched this movie with two guys and we spent an hour wondering how bad it was. <br /> <br /> WARNING: SUMMARY OF THE FIELD BELOW! RAMPANT SPOILERS! <br /> <br /> The film begins with a rather banal plot about an older woman talking to a younger man, to the stern disapproval of her two jealous single girlfriends. They want her to marry a boring guy her age who is a little in love with her. But she's so happy with her overused puppy that you're trying to keep them going, and of course, she decides to marry her. But his harpy girlfriend, aided by the cursed careless, prepares a plot to urge our heroine to believe that this guy is cheating on her. It works. She fights with him, he runs out of the house and is crushed by a truck (you remember the title of the film?). So now he's dead, two-thirds of the movie. And while our heroine is a school principal who spends her time monitoring girls, she has apparently forgotten to use contraception and is pregnant. <br /> <br /> She has already broken off her relationship with her friends because they did not give her any support. Alone and pitiful, she decides to marry the boring guy. Did I mention that the boring guy who loves him is a minister? She had asked him to marry her with the young man (nice, huh?), But now she tells him that she is going to marry him, and apparently he has no objection to being stung this way. But her friends save her at the altar and bring her home, where they do not confess that they were primarily responsible for the love of her life. She has the kid. In the final scene, they leave her in a cradle inside her house as they come out under the porch to drink, smoke and be smug. I'm careful, it's so bad. I left out the game about herring cancer and the ridiculous lesbian moment of the harpy.
