I was almost out, but I had paid my money and my almost disgusted friend wanted to hold on. After the endearing innocence of wide-eyed "A New Hope" and the thrilling sophistication of "The Empire Strikes Back", I remember waiting for the "Return of the Jedi" with an almost painful anticipation. But right from the opening scene of these insulting commercial sewage, I was bitterly disappointed and enraged at Lucas. He should have been ashamed of himself, but this abomination clearly proves that he has no subatomic particle of shame in his icy, gluttonous heart. Episode I would like to continue reinforcing this fact - your honor, I call Jarjar Binks (but please, first put backpacks to the jury members). <br /> <br /> Since the portal's first lift at Jabba this den, this "movie" was nothing more than an advertisement of more than two hours with so many licensed and goal-sized action figures lucrative that Lucas could get into it - guards in the shape of a pig, the skinny cuckoo in the flesh, that vile muppet-fart of Jabba's, the new and recycled cabaret figurines, the monsters, etc., etc., ad vomitum . Then there were the detestably cute and marketable Ewoks. Stack all the extraterrestrials of the rebel alliance. Fifteen seconds on screen (or less) and children from GOTTA have one for their collection. Flagrant financial baiting and exploiting children is nauseating. <br /> <br /> Lucas did not even bother to propose a new plot: he just exhumed the Black Star of "A New Hope" and got up in a cheap feeling boat. What a terrible slap in front of his fans. I can not help but think that Lucas was taking a perverse pleasure in inflicting on his fans this bug: "I have these lemmings so hooked that I can create the worst stink and putrid waste that I could imagine, Plus, all children will moan and torture their parents until they buy a complete collection of figurines of all the undeveloped cartoon and anecdotal caricatures that I stuffed, cut yourself off from everything. richer in an obscene way. "<br /> <br /> There may have been a derisory handful of redeeming moments in this wretched scam. I think I remember that Harrison Ford barely managed to keep his nose above the surface of this cesspool. But the few brilliant points that can exist are massively erased by the offensive commercialism that Lucas so blindly embraced in this total and absolute sale to profit.
