Freddy Dead: The Final Nightmare is a dream demon. Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) leaves a teenager (Shon Greenblatt) in the suburb of Springwood without remembering who he is or why he is there. The local police pick him up and take him to a youth center where Maggie Burroughs (Lisa Zane), a child psychologist, interviews him. She finds a newspaper cutting in her pocket that leads them to Elm Street in Springwood, where they discover that no child lives there. And so no casualties for Freddy kill anyone. It turns out to be Freddy's plan to reunite with his daughter and use it to escape Springwood. When Maggie realizes what Freddy is doing to her and some kids decide to kill him once and for all ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Rachel Talalay, this movie was made with the intention of becoming the final A Nightmare on The movie Elm Street, who had already reached the age of five, of course, as any horror movie fan knows, if there is still money to be made with a franchise or character, there is no chance that Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare is the last one that, of course, was not. The A Nightmare on Elm Street series was a franchise of diminishing returns as the films lost in quality as the series progressed until we arrived here and Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare, which for my money is probably the worst of them. The film is moving at a reasonable pace and is rarely boring, but it's so dumb, childish and looks like some kind of cartoon featuring horrific horror scenes that seem millions of miles from the original original and The sequence in which the Spencer stoner is trapped in a video game played by Freddy is terrible, but we are entitled to images of his body that are actually bouncing around the house. wall to wall and floor to ceiling, which is the most ridiculous thing I've seen in a while, or maybe the first scenes where little John Doe falls from a plane on the ground, all like the Coyote character in Road Runner cartoons or the absurd sight of Freddy threatening the deaf Carlos with pins that he intends to knock down to make a loud noise or when he ends up killing him scratching his knives on a painting. You can not take this seriously and I sit there not quite believing what I see. When they finally try to kill Freddy, the hero gets a special powerful and secret weapon, yeah, that's right, a pair of cardboard 3D glasses! The character is poor, the dialogue is poor and the plot confused, it does not really stick to the continuity of Elm Street and overall, the film is a little messy, the best thing I can say, it's that it has quite a bit of involuntary humor and you can certainly laugh about it. <br /> <br /> The film poses big problems of tone, it tries to be dark, scary and sinister, but it is so ridiculous and just ridiculous at times seriously falls flat. There is not a lot of gore in this one, there are cut fingers, stab wounds, someone falls on a bed of nails and that's about it. The number of bodies is extremely low here with only three deaths. The last twenty minutes of Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare have actually been shot in 3D, although the version I saw presented this part as normal. So I can not say whether it works or not, but you can certainly see plans that have to be seen in 3D that take advantage of the process. The special effects vary, some are pretty good while others are terrible and Freddy's burned makeup looks pretty mediocre this time around. <br /> <br /> He apparently had a budget of about $ 5 million (the box had been opened on weekends) office takes $ 12 000 000) and the film has some nice visual retouching and gags that give the thing even more charlatan than it already is. The acting is really mediocre, although there are some strange cameos, including Tom Arnold & Roseanne, Johnny Depp and rocker Alice Cooper. <br /> <br /> Freddy's death: The Final Nightmare is probably the worst of all. series and aside from a value of involuntary laughter, there is not much to recommend or appreciate here. The fans of the series will probably love him and defend him, but for me, it's as far removed from Wes Craven's original classic shock. Followed by New Nightmare (1994) who tried to train Freddy Krueger & the series in a new and different direction.
