In fact, this is not the case, but that's what they did when trying to think of a singular sentence that adequately summarizes the seriousness of this entry into the series. Some moments could have been good, but they are largely offset by their own conversion into missed opportunities, and do not throw me in the wrong direction. <br /> <br /> Missed opportunities are pretty obvious, but I'll recap them here in case anyone cares. Anyone who has not seen the film and really gives a draw would be wise to stop reading at this point. The first, and potentially the biggest, was the intrigue with Freddy's long lost child. Now, the extreme mental illness that Freddy seems to be suffering (and I'll hasten to add that less than 1% of mentally ill patients are a threat to others, leave her alone to this extent) is HEREDITARY, so why not not be a mysterious killer? in which the character of Lisa Zane dreams that Freddy kills the teenagers, only later we discover that it is she who does all the murder? Does this sound like a good idea for conspiracy? It was obviously above the heads of Talalay and De Luca. <br /> <br /> Then there is the trip to Springfield, where the entire teenage population has been wiped out and the remaining adults are experiencing some kind of mass psychosis. Curiously, this mass psychosis has been described in a realistic and convincing way, even if it has a lot to do with the fact that we are never too exposed. We have just given visual clues about the massive loss of connection with reality that would result from the grief of every young person in the city who dies for reasons beyond his understanding and control. The essential problem with this element of the plot, however, is that the city is abandoned too quickly and without any real answer. This series of scenes would have been much more frightening with ten minutes of speech ... a sensible citizen explaining to these visitors why the Springfield Fair looks like a horror show. <br /> <br /> Of course, horror movies are never seen for the development of their characters, unless it's the kind of horror movies John Carpenter did before, but how can do we really care when characters that we know almost no Murder? At least Wes Craven took the time to set up his characters in the original and used some inexpensive tips to attract the audience. In a nutshell, this is the main problem of Freddy's Dead: he just does not try Everybody stays alone pretty hard. <br /> <br /> On a related note, I'm a little sorry for Robert Englund, now that he's more or less inextricably linked to Freddy's character. He played much better characters in much better productions (the science fiction mini-series "V", for example), and he will always be remembered as "the man who played Freddy", that's a bit short. It seems he never breaks the mold of horror movies now. As for the rest of the cast, well, I think their performances here speak for themselves. They deserved to be permanently classified as category B horror props. Even Yaphet Kotto does not escape this one because his character is one of the most childish in the history of B movies. In total, Freddy's Dead gets a 1 from me. I would vote less, but the IMDb does not allow it. FD shows that the inability of a writer to make the most of a concept can ruin not only a film, but a whole franchise.
