* May contain spoilers * A few weeks after writing my review for Hood of the Living Dead, I realized that I may have been a bit too tough with this movie. That's why I decided to do something I had never done before. Review the same movie again. Do not get me wrong, I still do not like the movie, I still think it's screwed, and I still think the zombies do not look so zombie. The story of the film is still, in my opinion, weak and rather lame. The story is about a guy named Rick, who works as a scientist (it's all about working on a serum that heals sick cells, in animals) and his brother Germaine, the two are not exactly the best terms (my my, an original plot point) and discusses a lot. One day, Germaine is shot in a shootout and Rick calls his scientist to bring the serum to try to resuscitate Germaine (while most people would have called 911, but no matter), the serum naturally failed and Germaine is deceased "(If that had not happened, there would have been no film), after the police and the coroner (until the end of time, I'll always think the paramedics should have come) leave the scene shows the coroner's van (which I still believe was just someone's pickup truck with a "coroner" decal thrown to one side), and Germaine came back to life to attack and kill the paramedics. more intrigue, but I feel that if I reveal more about the story, you would not want to look at it (and we would not want that now, we would?), but just say that the story (in my opinion at least) snakes and moves rather slowly (unwanted wordplay) As I said in my review, zombies do not look much like zombies, I always think that They seem to have taken part in a fight in a bar, but that does not mean they should all be n decomposition and what, but still, there should at least be traces of bite on the victims. In addition, I still do not like the fact that the director or directors are constantly changing the pace of movement of zombies. They could not really decide if the zombies had to be executed or on the fly (like most zombie movies do), do not get me wrong, I'm all for the zombies, but decide. In one scene, the zombie moves towards the living and in the second, it scares them. And sometimes, they just do not seem credible (yes, I know their fictional creatures but still), I'm of course referring to the zombie who passes his hand on the wall as if he was crossing a dark room Do not like the zombie who is lying on the ground, gets shot, then masturbates as if he had just been shot. The sound in the film also bothered me, mainly the music, which, while it may have been just my copy of the film, seemed almost non-existent. The music in a movie is an important people. Especially when the editing sounds as if the director had just taken a camcorder to a friend and shoot a little zombie movie. The acting is always atrocious (in my opinion) and is on par with the American "actors" of the Japanese zombie movie Junk. The film is always bad, almost bad as House of the Dead, it's better, that's for sure, but again, it does not say much. It's not the worst movie ever, and it's better than a lot of live movies, but in the end it was not good. I also think that the film is really slow, despite the fact that there is only one hour and twenty minutes left (and yes, I still do not like the opening song). I think this is the type of movie that is best for the first on the Sci-Fi network. That's why I have to give this debacle a film one in ten. But think that way, at least that's not a bad thing.
