I happened to spot this film on the shelf under "new versions" and find the idea of ​​a movie of zombies hip-hop too interesting to let pass. Anyway, that's how it was billed on the box and I thought, "What a good idea!" In addition, there is also a sign "Welcome to Oakland" on the cover. How could I resist? Unfortunately, the hip-hop part lasted only the initial theme. Neither hip-hop music nor hip-hop culture had an important role in the film. Having lived in Oakland myself, I know there are many aspiring hip hop artists in this country. The small budget of this film was not an excuse for not having a soundtrack suitable. Any number of troubled artists would have jumped at the opportunity to contribute to this film. The reason why the Quiroz brothers have not benefited from it is beyond me. <br /> <br /> Once the film started, it was a completely zombie movie with a cast that was completely black and latino. You might think that would make the movie look unusual ... but it's not. In a way, the vision of Quiroz Brothers' "urban culture" can be summed up as shootings driving and dropping an F-bomb in every line of the film. The quick use of the word "fuck" is probably the most distinctive feature of this movie; there were simple lines that contained the word three or four times, and no line contained it at least once. I'm not at all reckless about swearing in a movie, but I get the impression that it was the result of a lack of ideas from writers (as well as Quiroz Brothers), and the scenario was generally very poor. <The film was generally a disappointment. It would have been interesting to see a zombie movie "to the urban culture" authentic, but "Hood of the Living Dead" does not lead to this result. The characters in the film could just as easily have been white, Eskimo or something else. There was no distinct flavor in the movie. It's just another ordinary low budget movie, with bad acting, ugly writing, amateur staging, bland cinematography, cheap soundtrack, and nothing to recommend it.
