In the film Vivah by director Sooraj Barjatya, Shahid Kapur, a young Delhi in his twenties, is struck by the wise and small girl his father chose for him to get married. Attracted by her innocence and simplicity, Shahid accepts the marriage just a few moments after meeting her at home in Madhupur, and the young woman in question, Amrita Rao, also seems to indulge her charming suitor. The marriage is fixed six months later and the couple is found in the first throes of a young emerging love, despite its geographical distance. But Amrita, who was raised by her uncle and aunt after the death of her parents, is struck by a horrible calamity just hours before the wedding. And then it's up to Shahid to play the honorable lover and kiss her unconditionally. In the same way as Hum Aapke Hain Koun and Hum Saath Saath Hain, Barjatya's new film, Vivah, is also on a level a family drama with an extremely idealistic. premise. But unfortunately, the plot of this new film looks too outdated, even more far-fetched than these regressive soaps of Ekta Kapoor. And the problem is clear ?? you simply can not relate to such clean characters who do not have a single bone in their body. Many things are in favor and against Hindi films, and timing is an important factor. Twenty-five years ago, Vivah's plot may not have seemed so difficult, but today it seems to be the product of a mind stuck in a time chain. Perhaps the only positive point of the film is the fact that it exudes sincerity from beginning to end, you can say right away that the intention of the filmmaker is not to deceive. Judging by Barjatya's previous films and by the careful review of this new film, you can safely say that Barjatya believes in a perfect world, he believes in his characters worthy of gold, he believes that big families can live together under the same roof without but alas, he is unable to translate his vision on the screen. It's hard to forget how unidimensional its protagonists are ?? Shahid and Amrita, virtuous and virgin? I mean, think about it, the first time they're holding hands after an hour and twenty minutes of filming. Barjatya may think back to his Maine Pyar Kiya roots with Vivah, but the truth is that if we adopted Salman and Bhagyashree in this film, or even Salman and Madhuri in Hum Aapke Hain Koun, it's because they had such a fantastic chemistry. Because although they were created from the same mold as Shahid and Amrita in Vivah, these couples were hurt and chewed. Shahid and Amrita are simply tasteless and boring. For a film that relies so much on music to tell its story, the filmmaker chose a series of 70s-inspired tracks that would further slow down the film's senseless rhythm. But if I had to pick a single reason why Vivah does not work for me, it's because I'm not sure I can identify with any of the characters that live in Barjatya's story. Vivah may give hope to some: a perfect world like this exists somewhere. But I'm a little cynical I suppose. So, give me the rascal Madhuri of Hum Aapke Hain Kaun, give me the unfortunate Salman of Maine Pyar Kiya, I will even take this playful Karisma Kapoor of Hum Saath Saath Hain. But save me from these idiots. You know, some marriages are not made in paradise. This one Vivah!
