If this documentary was not made by the famous French director Louis Malle, I probably would have turned it off after 15 minutes, because it was an incredibly boring look on a very ordinary Midwestern town in 1979. This My idea of ​​a fun topic is not exactly and the movie sequences looked a lot like a collection of movies at home. Considering that I did not know any of these people, it was even less interesting. <br /> <br /> Regarding a rather dull lifestyle documentary, I wondered what message they were trying to convey. ? It may be that the values ​​are not as conservative as you think - it was an underlying message across many vignettes (like the Republicans whose son was a resistant, as well as the man and the woman who thought to have sex outside of marriage was just fine). Or maybe it meant that there was a lot of sectarianism underlying the beautiful hometown - while some ugly ideas such as blaming the Jews for financial plots, anti-black sectarianism and homophobia have all were briefly explored. <br /> <br /> The small town of 1979 was explored in depth and an idyllic world was portrayed, but when the filmmakers came back six years later, the mood was depressed thanks to President Reagan. It seemed very dishonest for a number of reasons. First, the 1979 portion accounted for nearly 90% of the film and the remaining 10% consisted of a few interviews of people accusing the president of almost anything but acne. What about the rest of the people of this city? Did they all see Reagan as evil or had their lives become more negative? With only a few updates, it seemed suspicious. Secondly, while the national debt has doubled in the meantime, the gross national product has done the same. And although Malle presents 1979 as a very optimistic period, it was far from it, because the period 1974-1980 included many shortages (gasoline, sugar, etc.), strikes, high inflation and general malaise. Although I'm not a big fan of Reagan because the government's growth has NOT slowed down under his administration, the country, in general, was much more optimistic than in the Ford and Carter years. While many in the media demonized Reagan (a popular sport in the 80s), the economy has improved significantly and the documentary looks very one-sided and determined. If the documentary had given a more complete coverage of 1985 and did not seem too negative to be believed (after all, everyone did not see their life deteriorate - that defies common sense), then I might have to be thought otherwise. <BR/> <br /> All in all, it's not the wonderful documentary that some have proclaimed - ranging from a monotonous film in 1979 to an extremely tilted look at 1985. <br /> <br /> By the way, is it fair? me, or the film DROP DEAD GORGEOUS seems to have been inspired, at least in part, by this film? Both are located in similar communities, but the last movie was a hilarious fake documentary, without any serious nuances.
