When I started watching The Muppets Take Manhattan, the jerky presentation and dialogue had convinced me that I was looking at something new. So you can imagine my surprise when I arrived on IMDb and I read that it was made in 1984. Jim Henson may have ended Muppet Show when it was at its peak, but fallout like this This and Muppet Babies (which is apparently based on a very terrible sequence in this movie) are the absolute nadir of everything about Muppet. I wondered why the Muppets had caused such derision on the part of movie critics such as Mr. Cranky. So I'm happy that The Muppets Take Manhattan (now: TMTM) is clear. Of course, many series experienced a significant drop in quality during the third episode: Aliens, RoboCop, The Evil Dead, and even Night Of The Living Dead. So, although it is not surprising that TMTM is lower than The Muppet Movie or The Great Muppet Caper, the surprise lies entirely in the fact that it is much less than the first awesome movie or its slightly lower tracking, TMTM . Not only is the music much less satisfying, but the scenes that unite them are quite terrible. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are reducing and really fun moments, but they are rare. The Swedish chef is great in all the scenes where he lives. Thank the spirit of pity, because it appears in a sequence where its eccentricity is exploited to the maximum. The problem is that there is no scene that works. The story, as it stands, revolves around a Broadway musical that Kermit is trying to produce. He goes through many hardships and tribulations all along his journey, including the sneaky suspicion of the spectator that we've seen all this before. The biggest problem is that Kermit does not have a decent antagonist to work this time around. Charles Durning was the cinematographic gold as Doc Hopper, owner of a fast food chain that wants to operate Kermit for his company. Charles Grodin incarnated Nicky Holiday, a jewel thief that the Muppets must fight to save Miss Piggy from her life in jail. The saying says that a hero is only at the height of his antagonist and that these two are at least half responsible for the size of the two previous films. <br /> <br /> Charles Grodin also points out what's wrong with TMTM. Namely, the music is zero. The opening number of the Manhattan Melodies show, which is at the center of TMTM, suggests that the drivel that now dominates the airwaves seems to be coordinated. I can just let my particular sensitivity to the sound of words and phrases come to me, but songs like The Rainbow Connection have inspired tears of joy and not irritation. The great solo of Grodin during The Great Muppet Caper, without having the same resonance, raises the tone of the film. He is classy. And if there is one thing that TMTM could use, it's eight steps in addition to achieving a semblance of class. TMTM also feels badly compressed by time, the story jumping from stage to stage without any consideration to make sense or give cohesion to the story. Maddox himself pointed out that transition and cohesion give a film the feeling of being a coherent whole rather than a jumble of assembled pieces. See if you can find them in TMTM. <br /> <br /> While TMTM has its guests, they are either misused (Brooke Shields and John Landis), or totally out of their element (Liza Minelli, Dabney Coleman). Call it a waste of time for the puppeteer and the actor is a flattery. The lack of an end-of-credit program is particularly painful here, after Animal's "come home" postscript for The Muppet Movie. Which highlights another problem. The characters are at best poorly written, and none of their quirks can be seen or heard. Animal sometimes cries out singular words, but they have nothing to do with the intrigue or conversation that is unfolding around it. Say what you want about scenes designed to show characters, but think about when Animal ate the instant growth pills, or at his "sole" after the incident when he flipped the window over his fellow Muppets. Now, see if you can remember a memorable moment with a Muppet other than the Swedish leader's hilarious incomprehension about a three-dimensional movie involving popcorn. To abandon? Then you proved what I meant. <br /> <br /> Since Labyrinth, one of Henson's best timeless products, outside the Muppets, arrived about two years later, it makes TMTM even more intriguing. Perhaps this failure has convinced Jim Henson to rethink his strategy for developing and using the character. Or maybe the firefight can be attributed to Frank Oz, who at the time had just finished working with George Lucas on what many would agree to be the most childish episode of the original Star Wars saga . The screenwriters have also been involved in The Great Muppet Caper, so I'll leave them disconcerted for that though the screenplay is one of the most essential pieces of a movie. Production is also significantly improved, with the Muppets appearing to be able to move in a way that previously surpassed them. Had the story and scenario been better thought out, TMTM could have been at least comparable to The Great Muppet Caper. As things stand, this is an excellent answer to the question of whether Muppets write under influence or excrete. <br /> <br /> For this reason, I gave The Muppets Take Manhattan three out of ten. Two to indicate its real quality, and a bonus for the Swedish chef's moments. Without him, this film would be unassailable.
