I have not seen this movie for a while, so I'm afraid I'm not very specific about the details ... It had interesting points. Ralph Bakshi's attempt to make an animated adaptation of J.R.R Tolkien's masterpiece was a very ambitious project, so ambitious that it went bankrupt at some point during production. Therefore, not only does the film stop abruptly in the middle of the second book of the trilogy (with a kind of hint of a sequel that has never been made), but the film itself seems far from over . It seems that some characters were animated while others were filmed, but it is difficult to say if it is intentional. Everything seems badly done and defeated, especially the Orcs and the Nazgul. Another problem, of course, is the huge gaps in the plot. Bakshi was eager to complete the film and hoped to be able to cash a pound and a half in just over two hours (Peter Jackson's new trilogy will do it two times earlier.) There were too many important pieces out (and I do not just talk about Tom Bombadil, who, I think, was adorable in the book but that would look ridiculous in a movie.) And of course, the end, which is completely sudden and misplaced. I'm not even sure if Bakshi originally intended to finish the film there or if he even knew where he was going to finish it. <br /> <br /> The characters ... well, most of them agreed. . Hobbits do not look so bad (except Gay Sam Did you know that the producers of the new trilogy originally wanted to make Sam a woman so that there is a female main character?) you're a Tolkien fanatic (like me), watch this movie (though I'm not sure if I'd buy it, what are the special features of the DVD version, anyway?) But know in advance that you do not look at a real 'Lord Of The Rings' movie, but not much more than a historical curiosity, which probably does not look much better than what the Beatles had adopted in their 60's version (I even think that a psychedelic LOTR could have been pretty cool.) The idea was to launch George as Gandalf, Paul as Frodo, Ringo as Sam and John as Gollum.) If you have not read the book or if you do not like it a lot, if you do not like animated movies or if you do not want to see a half-finished film born ... stay away.
