The opening scene of this film set the tone for all of its 90 minutes. The shots are generic, conventional and TV-quality. The landscape soaked by the snow is beautiful, but the characters who are retained there have the same quality as to look at a picture of this kind of landscape, the impressive feeling being that of the distance. Some of the fixtures are of fairly good quality and come from the work of a seasoned professional. However, the dialogue is awkward and artificial and does not seem to affect "real" conversations. Any emotional intuition is replaced by swear, which is of course the way everyone shows their true feelings. The action is slow and disappointing, the general feeling being that of a person dripping with cold water on your head, but so slowly that you barely notice, but you end up feeling pathetic and slightly sorry for yourself. to be caught in such an incomprehensible situation. <Br /> <br /> The mix of genres that the Fessenden apparently tried to use; Psychological thriller, horror and family drama, although commendable, suffers from a serious lack of tension and an interesting dialogue. The way the husband, wife and child trio interact is particularly unrealistic. The themes of family relationships that play out in a haunting setting have been repeatedly tackled by high quality films, as evidenced by The Shining (1980). The family here is torn by trivial troubles that are difficult to understand or understand given the relative ambiguity of the scenario. <br /> <br /> The family is barely harassed throughout the film, with Fessenden downplaying the thriller possibilities of the narrative in favor of a slow family drama for most of the time. The figure of "stalker" Otis has few apparent reasons for his behavior, and although he may be the most interesting and well-played character, he remains very underdeveloped. The main characters are empty envelopes of people with whom it was extremely difficult to identify, their relationships with each other being particularly devoid of any feeling. Although his parents' ignorance of Erik per Sullivan is likely part of the story, any reasonable person would surely question their son if he would have spoken to someone who apparently does not exist. People can accept this film as intelligent because of its relative lack of conventional aspects regarding creature-based horror movies, but this film fails regardless of the genre in which you want to categorize it. You can read deep psychological meanings in every detail you should wish for, but I think people would be interested in analyzing their mat to find a deep emotional meaning, rather than those empty subhuman creations.
