Just in time to capitalize on the long-awaited film version of "Dreamgirls", it's the DVD release of this semi-forgotten 1976 musical melodrama that is also inspired by the rise of the Supremes. Released five years before the opening of "Dreamgirls" on Broadway and partially shot in the same period, it has a cast dominated black and a story that revolves around a group of girls in the making, and this is where finish the resemblance. Written by Joel Schumacher long before becoming a leading director in consumer studio products ("Batman Forever", "The Phantom of the Opera"), this film seems more grainy on the surface. As usual, Schumacher weakens the plot and development of the character by injecting an abundance of clichés and one-liners breathtaking. Not very interested in staging musical numbers, Sam O'Steen, a well-known filmmaker and neophyte director, directs the production as a low-budget television movie with a frustrating and episodic structure. <br /> <br /> The story that follows Three sisters Harlem - sexy sister, pious Delores and sweet Sparkle - as they sing in the church choir, meet sweet-spoken but well-meaning boys, Stix and Levi, then regain their first taste of success as a singing band - first as a quintet wearing sweatshirts called hearts and then as a glitzy trio known as sister and sisters. But of course there are problems beyond the idiotic name of the group - Sister mingles with the evil dealer Satin Struthers who beats her and turns her into a cocaine addict; Levi goes to jail for being caught in a drug pickup for Satin; Stix is ​​frustrated by his failures and unwisely turns to Jewish gangsters for financial help. Delores is just fed up; and poor little Sparkle must decide what kind of future she wants. A big plus is that Curtis Mayfield, brilliant R & B, wrote atmospheric songs, some catchy and one, "Look Into Your Heart", a real winner. <br /> <br /> Solid distribution does its best under artificial circumstances. Lonette McKee's valiant attempt to make Sister a tragic figure is thwarted by some of the turning points of the plot, including a sad microphone trick resembling Billie Holliday. Before they hit TV in prime time, Philip Michael Thomas and Dorian Harewood describe Stix and Levi with childish vitality, if not a lot of credibility. The best work comes from Mary Alice in a relatively silent lap as a patient mother of girls and a pre-"Fame" Irene Cara who effortlessly breathes sincerity into the lead role (though her costume designer and her hairdresser are taken for the hideous look she reaches in the final scene). The DVD comes with the original theatrical trailer with a smooth voiceover of DJ Casey Kasem and a bonus CD of five movie songs performed not by the original cast but by Aretha Franklin from the soundtrack recording This is not a terrible movie, it's just an interesting lack of curiosity that covers the same terrain as "Dreamgirls".
