Between 1937 and 1939, Twentieth Century-Fox made a ton of movies from Mr. Moto. However, towards the end of the series, it was obvious that the studio had "jumped the shark", so to speak. This sentence indicates that a television program has reached its peak and that those responsible have decided to reinvigorate the program by fundamentally changing the formula. For example, with "The Brady Bunch", they presented the boring "Cousin Oliver" and with "Family Ties", they introduced a monster baby who grew up six years in a single season! With the Moto movies, they had jumped the shark by introducing a comic relief, because they thought that these smart movies had to be re-tooled. In the previous film, Warren Hymer was playing an annoying wrestler. And, in this film, the character of Archibald Featherstone appears. Featherstone could be one of the most boring examples of comic relief, because you were hoping someone (preferably Moto) would kill him just to shut him up! Although he is supposed to work for the famous Scotland Yard, he shows all the intelligence and insight of a turnip damaged by a brain. Again and again, his scenes were rude and useless and Peter Lorre just looks pained as he stands there and watches this jester "act". It's so bad that it really destroys what could have been one of the best Moto movies because of its ingenious intrigue. <br /> <br /> As for the plot, the crown of the Queen of Sheba is discovered in the opening scene. Moto, who is now more an international policeman than the amoral character he was originally, is present to protect the precious object of the flight. In a big puzzle, many thieves are all trying to steal the crown independently of each other. <br /> <br /> Overall, the film is viewable but also amply testifies that the Moto series should have ended here. In any case, at the approach of the Second World War, the films would not have survived much longer, because it would simply not have been possible to have a friendly Japanese main character in the United States or in the United States. allied countries.
