Do you know the concept of children's art? Although it's not the biggest Picasso ever created by a three-year-old, you're encouraging them to do more. If painting is what makes them happy, there should be no reason for parents to hold on to their child. In general, if a child likes to paint or draw, you will immediately see the fundamentals of his future style. You will begin to see their true form in these very primitive doodles. Well, this concept of children's works is what I felt about Fuqua's depressing and not very creative film, Bait. Although, in every way, it was a horrible film, it was impressive to see Fuqua's style begin to emerge even in the most messy moments. If you've seen Training Day or King Arthur, you'll be impressed by the birth of this director in his second film Bait. While Foxx gives a horrible and wild performance, there are certain scenes that define Fuqua and demonstrate its brilliance behind the camera. Unfortunately, this only appeared in the last thirty minutes of the film, but if you focus only on these scenes, you will see why Fuqua's name appears on so many "Best Of"? lists of movies. <br /> <br /> I will never disapprove of the fact that Fuqua's eye behind the camera is refreshing and unique. His ability to place a camera in the strangest places to convey the simplest emotions is shocking. I'm surprised more Hollywood did not jump on this train. Even in the stupid Bait function, you witness the greatness of Fuqua. Two scenes that come directly to my mind are the scene of the explosion towards the middle of the film and that of the horse towards the end. In these two scenes, I saw director Fuqua at work. Alas, in the rest of this movie, all I saw was a combination of almost all the action movies created. The friendly hero who has lost his chance and suddenly finds his life transformed by an unknown force is a classic structure that just needs to die in Hollywood. We have often seen this twice and no matter who you are (unless you are Charlie Kaufmann), you can not recreate the wheel. It's just impossible with this genre, and it's proven with Bait. Fuqua had pissed me off doing nothing and allowing this to happen, which could explain why it took me three screenings to finish this movie. I was just tired of the structure, and although I was hoping that Fuqua would redefine it, he did not do it. <br /> <br /> Then there was the acting game. Although Jamie Foxx never impressed me as an actor, I was ready to try this bar. I wanted to see if he could play another dramatic role similar to Collateral. I thought it might be the film chosen to show the producers that Foxx could play the role of collateral. Once again, I was disappointed. Foxx was annoying. Not in the sense that his character should be, but in the sense that it seemed that neither Fuqua nor Foxx took the time to form Foxx well on what should be clarified and what should be used the plot. Instead, we are oppressed by Foxx's scene after scene just trying to make the audience laugh. Add a second long sentence and cultural statements just for his audience to understand that he was a comedian first, then an actor. Fuqua should have stopped that immediately. Foxx's jokes destroyed his character, which left me with nothing solid to grasp. Instead of developing his character, he would make a joke. Neither the style worked, no joke was funny. The rest of the distribution was average. I mean, I've seen them all in similar roles. They brought nothing new to the table, nothing solid to the story and nothing substantial to the general themes of the film. They were pawns filling the empty space. Fuqua has no control over this mess and the final verdict only reinforces this accusation. <br /> <br /> All in all, it's a sad movie. With no creativity in sight and undirected actors just trying to get on the scene, what started as a decent story eventually sank more quickly into the quicksand of film. Foxx was boring, with no lines of character and a full bag of cheese. In each scene, I saw no emotion and when this emotion was needed to convey a message, he chose to remove his shirt rather than tackle the problems. Are my words hard? I do not think so. When you watch a movie, you want to see creativity, edible characters and themes that seem to be hitting near you. Bait does not contain any. Although I give Fuqua credit for two of the scenes in this film, the remaining five cents have been disastrous. Apparently, I bit the bait by renting this movie, but I've seen it now and I hope I can stop others from taking that curious little piece. <br /> <br /> Note: ** on ***** (for its two fun scenes to watch)
