666: The child begins when a plane crashes, the only survivor of the 666 flight is a boy named Donald (Boo Boo Stewart) adopted by the press reporter Erika (Sarah Lieving) and her husband Scott cameraman Lawson (Adam Vincent) covered the incident for Channel 6 news. At first, Donald seems to be a normal child, but death seems to follow him after the warnings of a nun and a vicar. Scott begins to believe that Donald is the evil and the cause of all deaths ... <br /> <br /> This The straight-to-DVD horror movie was directed by Jake Perez under the pseudonym Jake Jackson . 666: The Child is really rather poor. Whenever I see that Asile is responsible for a movie, I worry, I'm very worried because their record is appalling. They seem to specialize in producing and / or distributing low-budget horror movies, which are usually the scams of a recently successful horror movie. In the case of 666: The Child, you do not need a degree in rocket science to realize that it's a real scam to cash in the recent The Omen (2006), released the same year. The scenario of Benjamin Henry & Austin Laurel is terrible and simply can not match the ambitions of the Hollywood equivalent. I mean exactly what Donald, the Antichrist, is hoping to get from a middle-class family in a small town? This is not a good starting point for causing the destruction of the world, is it? Each character of 666: The Child is a form of the main character of The Omen, the adoptive parents, the priest who tries to warn them and the guardian of the guards. There is really a lack of incident, there is almost no gore and the plot is poor. I mean, Donald kill a dentist because they were trying to heal their teeth is so random and useless, what are all those disgusting pictures that Donald has drawn, where does the babysitter come from and nothing that connects everything together and that it is only a confused mess that quickly becomes very boring. References to number 6 also become annoying and not very subtle. <br /> <br /> The director Perez is doing very well, I suppose, it's competent if nothing else. There is hardly any blood or blood, there are a few squirts of blood, a cut hand and a circular saw is stuck to the face, but it sounds much better than on the screen. It is certainly not scary, there is no atmosphere thanks to a contemporary decor completely bland in a suburban house and there is no tension because we never know what Donald is trying to do and so there is no threat from him. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is fine, it's pretty well done, but as the movie is so mediocre, it makes little difference. The acting is not terrible but at the same time, I saw worse. <br /> <br /> 666: The child is a poor man The scam of the omen, I would rather look at the original or do it again any day of the week. Not good and certainly not recommended. Followed by the sequel 666: The Beast (2007) which also went directly to DVD.
