THE WATERDANCE (1991) The main character of The Waterdance, played by Eric Stoltz, finds himself in a rehab center with other similar wounded. And there, he faces a new difficult life, confined to a wheelchair. This is an interesting and promising place, but unfortunately it fails to unfold. Instead, it is largely Hollywood Schmalz, with some interesting moments. Certainly, the actors (Eric Stoltz, William Forsythe, Wesley Snipes and others) are brilliant and behave well here as one would expect, but their talents are in vain. The characters are mostly stereotypes, of one kind or another, and most of them are quite implausible (the character of Snipes being the exception). I guess it's kind of an attempt to break people's ideas about the disabled being "crippled" or "weak," mostly describing them as bites, but it's a totally boring. . Certainly this will show you something that people with permanent disabilities are going through, in a way that is neither softened nor idealized, which is useful and useful, but while the process described can make it a difficult person to live in with. and it is worth dwelling on, it is not an integral part of what these characters must be despised to varying degrees. They would not have to be Disneyfied either; there is surely a middle ground somewhere. At the conclusion of the film, the character of Eric Stoltz has finally accepted his disability status, but as he is a narcissistic monster also inflamed from beginning to end of the film, we do not care. <br /> <br /> In addition to his character problems, the film suffers from this strange syndrome that suffers so many Hollywood films; the syndrome does not really have an official name, but you could call it "inexplicable forgiving syndrome". It looks like this: the characters abuse each other's bullshit, and then without excuses, everything is forgiven (a particularly odious example is the movie The Breakfast Club, in which a character spends filming verbally to intimidate everyone within reach. So, in one of the last examples, Spiderman 3, supervillain, The Sandman, ravaged a piece of Manhattan, then lamented on Spiderman for about 15 monotonous minutes before being greeted with which is equivalent to "goodbye, now"). The most egregious example of IFS in The Waterdance is a sequence in which, after being called the word-word by the racist biker of William Forsythe and his friends in the previous scene, the character of Wesley Snipes who has it followed with the same character of Forsythe in the next scene film, as if nothing had happened. Again, without even a "Oh yeah, sorry for this case where I called you, you know, the n-word". I wonder if these people really watch these movies before they go out, or film them with their eyes closed, slap them together in the editing room according to the number of the scene and call it a day's work ?
