Stifler, finished his nude run and now attends Beta House. There are crazy things going on, people run naked, we make fun of the nerds and this series is dead in the water. The Naked Mile was a crappy movie, but I found it much better than Band Camp. It seems that they have returned to what did not work for them and it shows that they do not care either. You can tell where the target audience is and they have nailed it perfectly. Young teens who love to see naked women, raw humor and beer will love Beta House, anyone can look away. <br /> <br /> Star Wars has become a huge success that has stunned the audience by its length ahead. special effects of time. The Lord of the Rings has created a whole world of mythical creatures and massive battles that have dazzled the eyes. The Matrix has changed the way action and sci-fi movies have been made, especially with advanced special effects. With all the advances in technology, we look forward to the next big step in which our jaws will fall to the ground. Next is American Pie: Beta House, which pushes the boundaries of what technology can do. When people created spaceships, landscapes and creatures using CGI, Beta House decided to use this technology to create sperm. Yes, the thing that creates life, the one you see so many times in pornographic movies is created and the time has slowed down to show us the white residues running across the room on a teddy bear. Is it funny? Repugnant? Or? Beta House shows more nudity than The Naked Mile, which is surprising considering the previous title. Does the film need it? Of course not, does it ever advance the plot? Does it make you laugh one day? Does it excite young boys? Yes, women are beautiful, but if I'm the one who thinks there is too much nudity, you might as well have made a porn. <br /> <br /> The woman who surprises the affections of our main character is pretty and does not irritate the viewer, like the previous girls in the series, but I never thought that this character would do what she did. I'm sure all the actions of the characters in this movie are far from realistic. The American Pie series has gone from a realm of reality to a fantasy world. None of the events in this movie would happen. If that happened, I would have to go to this school IMMEDIATELY. Is this movie supposed to give people the feeling of having a good time? Well no, we watch them having fun, at the end of the movie we hate them for the pleasure they have. <br /> <br /> There is a scene "Deer Deer" in the movie, but to make it "funny" for today's audience, they decided to replace the bullets with horse sperm . Are you laughing? Instead of shooting with sperm in the head or face, they place the gun in the mouth. Are you on the floor laughing? The first time we meet Stifler's roommate, he is sleeping with his girlfriend. Do you still clap at nudity? At first, the film seems to indicate that the boys will try to enter the house of the fraternity, but it will leave them the impression of being already in the house of the fraternity, but that it must carry out certain tasks. This then goes to a competition between nerds and boys. It's a little "revenge nerds" on us and it seems out of place. Honestly, I do not know what it is because this movie is omnipresent. <br /> <br /> Most of the comedy seems forced like a shock. Even at the beginning, when the father showed his son the list of people with whom he had sex. The joke is there somewhere, I think it could be the fact that his wife is not the last name on the list, or maybe the mother of one of his son's friends was on the list . It does not work either. <br /> <br /> I guess if you have not guessed it yet, this movie is not funny. It does not seem to be centered either, the story is pathetic and the so-called gross humor for which the series is known does not shock. Skip this lame installment and all futures. I do not know why I saw all the entries in the series, but for some unknown reason, they seem to have found the way to my eyes.
