... that Jamie Foxx would never deliver such a great performance, which won an Oscar. One of the reasons I was so impressed by Foxx's performance in "Ray" is that I never thought he would win the Oscar if he had starred in movies like "Bait" and "Booty Call" . If people told me five years ago that Jamie Foxx would one day win an Oscar, I would laugh at them. Who knows? It may be better to stick to the drama, because if you look "Bait", it is clearly obvious that comedy is not his forte. I swear that Jamie is so much in this movie that I'm surprised his face did not fall. And why should he make those stupid voices every opportunity he gets? Anyone who knows actors like Bob Newhart and Steven Wright knows that doing comedy does not have to be noisy and obnoxious. If a joke is funny, it's funny. If it's not funny, making a crazy accent will not make it any more fun. The problem I have with some comedians who decide to try to act is that they prefer to have bursts of laughter than to be in a character. In real life, normal people do not always have witches or jokes. As Albert Brooks said in an interview to talk about his character in "Taxi Driver", it's important to be funny as a character rather than being funny as a comedian. A typical example of Jamie's violation of this rule is the appalling nauseating scene where his snapshots are taken, and he begins to pose for photographs as a model. If an ordinary person were thrown in jail, would he really get nasty shot at? And would the police not try to scold him if he was? There are many scenes like this throughout the film. Another horrible sequence is where Jamie is unconsciously on the phone with the villain and begins to make a fake Caribbean accent. Not funny! Not to mention Jamie never seems to recognize the moment of a joke. Giving a comic performance requires patience, as it goes straight to the point, whether at the right time or not. I'm not even a big fan of Mike Epps, but even his performance is good compared to Jamie's. In fact, this is the first time I feel a little relieved when it appears on the screen. Epps has the same flaws in comedy, but at least he chooses a more discreet approach. David Morse is a very little known actor, known for his roles as villains. He seems to be the only actor of the film to found him in reality. However, Doug Hutchison, the star of "Green Mile", is disproportionate as a villain. A big surprise, given that he gave a great performance in "The Green Mile", also playing a heavy. Antoine Fuqua has proven himself in films like "The Replacement Killers" and "Training Day". Even in "Bait", he shows that he can lead a hellish action sequence. His only problem seemed to be disciplining Jamie Foxx, who had probably improvised half of the scenario with a bad joke after another. Unless you are a fan of Foxx, please do not bite on the hook.
