I can not believe we've looked at all this shit, but we did it and I feel compelled to warn others to avoid it at all costs. When one of the main characters announces that he or she is gay twice in the first five minutes, do not ignore it as a typical PC nonsense and feel it needs to improve because it will not. If his suspended boyfriend does not make him sick, then be thankful, the monster who wrote and / or directed this tumble tries to show some restraint. I mean, become real. It's one thing to make a gay character appear in a film as fucked up as this one, but it's another to have him constantly slapped on the screen and examine it closely and personally. when the director's notes clearly indicate that the film is supposed to be about a mother who is looking for a kind of "closure" on the sudden death of her daughter. What one thing has to do with the other, one might be tempted to ask? Apparently, both problems are inextricably linked. And if that was not enough, there is a beard at the ice cream parlor. I mean, seriously, has this poor woman ever heard of electrolysis? Why does she have to go around like this? At the very least, how about getting rid of the ugly thing and letting these horrible moles be removed too. Would you like to sip an ice cream she just served you? I do not think so. It must be a New Jersey thing. <br /> <br /> You could think that Diane Keaton could save this piece of drek, but think again. Was she really trying to put lipstick on a corpse? I do not even want to think about it. And if the body was supposed to be that of his own dead daughter? This grotesque excuse for cinema is bland of the word and that's it. We would like each of these characters to simply walk in the waves and continue. None of these flaky people wins our sympathy even for a moment. Trust me - skip this piece of shit. It's not a question of death, of a mother who has inadvertently choked on her daughter, or even of much more unpleasant problems that she keeps raising, even if you do not want to hear it. It is a pile of perverse garbage of a director lost and without talent.
