The plot of this awful movie is so complicated that I put the spoiler on guard because I'm not sure I can give anything. The public sees for the first time a Jack the Ripper man murdering an old man in an alley a hundred years ago. Then we are at the forefront of modernity and a young Australian couple is looking for a home. We take an incredibly long tour of this house and the husband sees a silhouette in an old mirror. A 105-year-old woman lived there. There are also large iron panels covering a wall in the den. An old razor falls during the renovation and the husband keeps it. I suppose he becomes possessed by the razor because he begins to have strange dreams. Oh yes, the couple is unable to have a baby because the husband is shooting blank. <br /> <br /> A certain mold seems to climb on the wall after the couple has removed the iron panels and the mold has the shape of a person. Towards the end of the story, there was a plot about a large cache of money and the husband murdered the bodyguard and a colleague and stole the money. His wife is suddenly pregnant. <br /> <br /> What's going on ?? Who knows?? NOTHING is explained. Was the 105-year-old woman the child of the serial killer? The little sister? WHY have iron panels been hung on the wall? How would this keep the serial killer contained in the cellar? Was he locked up there by his family and starving or was he just hidden? WHO is Mr. Hobbs and why is he so desperate to get the iron panels ?? He never saw again. WHY did the serial killer kill people? We only see the old man murdered. Was there a motive or motive or something? WHY does the woman suddenly become pregnant? Is it the demon offspring of the serial killer? Did he manage to infiltrate the sperm of the husband? And why, if the husband was able to control and murder a huge and sturdy security guard, is he unable to control his wife? And how powerful is the tension system in Australia to flip it into the room by simply cutting a wire? And why does the woman stay at home? Is she now possessed by the serial killer? Will the baby be the reincarnated killer? <br /> <br /> This film was such a frustrating experience that I wanted to call my PBS station and ask to get my money back! The only pleasant aspect of this story was to see the husband running in his underpants very often, but even that could not redeem this confused and incoherent mess.
