The German nut case, Jörg Buttgereit, apparently has fans, but I do not know why, and I'm certainly not one of them! The only Buttgereit movie I saw before was Nekromantik and I hated every minute, but, shocking, this movie is worse! Der Todesking is useless in the same way as Nekromantik, but it's a worse film, it's boring as few movies have ever done (it's not far from the Blair Witch project, seriously). Some people say that this movie is "sick" and "shocking", but that's really not the case. The director may have insisted on death, but he alone knows what it is. How can anyone watch this film without being bored completely beyond me? The film revolves around the theme of suicide and follows the deaths of seven different people over the course of a week. Yes, that means we have a useless and boring episode for Monday, a useless and boring episode for Tuesday, a useless and boring episode for Wednesday, etc. This film manages to be even more boring than my average week! <br /> <br /> Der Todesking is apparently an "art" film, although there seems to be a reference to how it makes little sense, rather than a reference to the film that presents some resemblance to "art". Each segment of the film is meant to tell a different story - but that's not the case! We just got a little glimpse of suicide and that makes us wonder what it's all about. The film has the feeling that it should be deep, but there is a big void where the intelligence should be and nothing there to fill it. Buttgereit uses some evocative images; but I'm unlikely to remember for more than a week, because this film is just not memorable. There is a plan involving the body of a decaying man that appears quite often, but it ages quite quickly and you only have the rest of the film, which is unfortunate. If I were fighting for good things to say about this shit, I could think only of this; the title sounds good. As I mentioned, Nekromantik is the only other film of this amateur director that I saw. I have copies of Schramm and Nekromantik 2, and now I'm really in no hurry to watch either. Der Todesking is a boring film that is useless and anyone who calls it "art" is very wrong. Leave it alone.
