To avoid confusion, let me clarify a few things: I am not a red neck. I am not even a moderator or a conservative. On the contrary, I am a radical: a libertarian. I am not a WASP either, I am not even born in the United States. <br /> <br /> Jorge Luis Borges said that there are people who do not feel poetry and that sad people make a living teaching poetry. This film was directed by and for people who do not feel poetry, by and for demonstrations; and I dare say, by and for people who have no sense of decency or, in this case, respect for the life or death of others (especially when we think that the victims are mainly "bloody imperialists" killed in the Yankees' soil.) find the original marketing idea of ​​the eleven eleven-minute, nine-second episodes and a particularly hideous and disgusting image. Simply horrible. Why did not they allocate a budget of as many dollars per episode as the individuals were brutally murdered during the attack? The whole idea lies somewhere between stupidity and reckless fascism. Anyone who is serious in making movies (and serious in life and death) should have angrily refused to participate in this memory of insinuations and non-sequencers. With two exceptions: the episode of Burkina Faso - almost amusing - and that of India - which traces the story of a man who was the subject of an unfair and erroneous investigation about the attack on the grounds that he did not return home and if he is an American Muslim (and, to tell the truth, when the facts are known, he is honored as a hero). The other nine episodes, essentially and extremely boring and emotionless, can be listed in two different categories: <br /> <br /> First: "I do not care about the thousands of victims: Americans, foreigners, children, youth, adults, old ... "and can be resumed in pure boredom and lack of emotion.Makhmalbaf's (Iran); Lelouch's (France) ?? I am afraid of committing a heresy since it is about Lelouch, but can -being that his episode could be considered as built on an idea that could be considered almost original Tanovic's (Bosnia and Herzegovina), Gonzalez Inarritu's (Mexico), Gitaï's (Israel), Penn's (United States) <br /> < Second question: "The Yankees deserve it" And can be taken back in frustration and hatred Chahine (Egypt) confirms the suicide bombers Loach (United Kingdom) believes that the attacks of September 11 recklessly constituted a kind of punishment for the alleged United States support for the Chilean dictatorship led by the serial killer Augusto Pinochet. In fact, someone should be informed that the victims of Pinochet not linked to Al-Qaida and that Chile is a country in South America that Mr. Bin Laden should have ignored, he should also be informed that the sanctions imposed by the American government on the Chilean dictatorship were harsher than those of other countries; and, Imamura (Japan) notes that World War II is linked to the WTC attack. Imamura has at least been coherent: the supposed cause link is totally absurd, which plays well with his episode, including that of a man who thinks he is a snake. He claims to be obscure. It's rather ridiculous. <br /> <br /> There is a kind of common mistake for many people, including Americans, and it consists in believing that this film was not projected commercially in the United States because of some of censorship. Nothing else of the truth: this film was not presented in the United States, because it is a complete fiasco. A fiasco of the most wacky kind. Even in Buenos Aires, where Peronism and other forms of fascism reach the hearts of a considerable number of inhabitants and where anti-Americanism is in vogue, the film was screened in hastily converted salons. theaters and has been applauded by a very select audience: the usual, rare and sad people who regularly cheer on other "quaint" shows. Like the sight of a fast food McDonald's or, perhaps, an elderly Jew, burned to ashes.
