Singleton has serious problems to solve. I think he thinks he's smart enough; However, this film is almost comically transparent and fair. In addition, there is a whole series of "maybe-just-right" messages, such as when our local Nazi ransackers get beat up. I mean, who in their mind will take root for a group of Nazi jerks? However, the way Singleton describes the "fight" is downright silly and seems to be designed to show us more than the superior fighting qualities of the black protagonists. There is another "villain" (actually a drunken frat boy) who rapes one of the protagonists of the movie. In this case, I think Singleton is doing a good job in describing what is probably a much too common situation when the woman involved asks the fraternal boy to use a condom when he does not or does not want to. use. In any case, he does not comply with his demands and demands that he cease sexual relations despite his requests. I think this type of rape is very common and many people in uniform refuse to accept the fact that it is even rape. Well, no means no, it's rape, which probably occurs often in the country's universities. <br /> <br /> After establishing rape, how does Singleton deal with it? When the comrade tries to call the woman, her roommate refuses to put the victim on the phone. At this moment, the comrade calls her a "black bitch". The injured roommate appears to be seeking advice from Ice Cube, et al, who then proceeds to physically humiliate the fraternal boy and mistreat him with repeated and prolonged "apologies" as a roommate for his racist remarks; however, the minor crime of rape (apparently in Singleton's mind) is not mentioned. Once again, no one should really have pity on the fraternal boy; However, Singleton seems to send a twofold message: a racist comment is a more serious offense than rape and, in any case, violence is justified against fools. <br /> <br /> What is ultimately so disappointing is that this film could have really been something important, but Singleton, who is undoubtedly a talented director, does not seem to have the maturity and depth wanted to pull something of this magnitude.
