Is there another period that has been covered as extensively by television (or the media in general) as the 1960s? And do we really need another trip through this hectic time? Not really. But if we must have one, should it be as superficial as "The Sixties"? <br /> <br /> I like to think that the co-authors Bill Couturie and Robert Greenfield had more in mind for this mini-series in two parts than what resulted, especially given the participation of Couturie to the great HBO movie "Dear America: Letters" Home From Vietnam "that uses little original music and no original footage, letting talk about the images and sounds of the time.This presentation intersects sequences of files with the dramatic production but it does not benefit anyone by trying to do too much in too little time, like so many others, it is seen from the point of view of a family, but the children of the family seem to be tangentially involved in almost all the major events of the 60's (it's amazing that one of them does not go to the Rolling Stones concert at Altamont), which makes it less like a period drama. of Cliff Notes of the decade. <br /> <br /> The creators rush to such a point that there is little time to give the characters a character, with the numbers representing the stick called our protagonists for centuries time - the father of the children is particularly cliché - and then when they are back on BLAMMO! This is another thing. Garry Trudeau could teach filmmakers to do these things properly. In all fairness, Jerry O'Connell, Jordana Brewster, Jeremy Sisto, Julia Stiles and Charles S. Dutton donate their material to the old university test, but they are lost (especially the last two); It is undeniably good to see David Alan Grier play a unique role as an activist, Fred Hampton. Rosanna Arquette (in an uncredited camaïeu from part 2) is always welcome. <br /> <br /> What is not welcome is how "The 60s" drowns the soundtrack of so many vintage songs that it finally reduces its already minimal effect (and it is perhaps the only time an American TV show about America 60s never mentions the British invasion - no Beatles, no Rolling Stones ... again, there are only too many pieces that you can insert into a soundtrack album, no?). Covering his skimming approach of both time and plot with a happy end almost irrelevant, "American Dreams" and "The Wonder Years" have done much, much better. Nothing to see here, you can not see elsewhere, people ... except Julia Stiles who makes the twist.
