The Blob begins with one of the most bizarre theme songs ever performed, sung by an uncredited Burt Bacharach! You really have to hear it to believe it, The Blob may be worth watching just for this song & my summary of user comments is just a taste of the classic lyrics ... After this The Blob's surprising opening credits include Steve Andrews (Steve McQueen as Steven McQueen) and his girlfriend Jane Martin (Aneta Corsaut) who are parked alone somewhere and witness what might be look like a meteorite falling on Earth in nearby woods. An old man (Olin Howland like Olin Howlin) who lives in a cabin also sees him and goes to investigate, he finds a crater and a strange rock about the size of a football that splits when he imprudently hits it with a stick . Put in the center of the meteorite a strange jelly like a substance sticking to the stick, if you know what I mean! He then slips the stick and clings to the old man's hand. Meanwhile, Steve and Jane drive quietly in their business when the old man slips away in front of Steve's car. Steve, a decent guy, decides to take the old man to Dr. T. Hallan (Alden 'Stephen' Chase in the role of Steven Chase) to the local surgery. Dr. Hallan says he does not know what is the stuff on the old man's hand but is getting bigger and bigger and asks Steve to go back to where he found it and see if he can find out that happened. Steve accepts but does not offer anything and on his return to Dr. Hallan's surgery, he sees the spot that devours him. The city police, Lieutenant Dave (Earl Rowe) and detestant teenage sergeant Jim Bert (John Benson) are no wonder he does not believe it and ends up suspecting Steve and his friends Al (Anthony Franke), Tony (Robert Fields) & Someone called 'Mooch' Miller (James Bonnet) for playing a complicated joke at the police department. However, as the blob continues to gnaw his way into the city, Steve tries to prove his existence and convince the police of the threat he represents not only to his city, but to the world! <br /> <br /> Conducted by Irvin S Yeaworth Jr. & Russell S. Doughton Jr., uncredited, I was deeply disappointed by this original version of The Blob dating back to 1958. The scenario of Kay Linaker in the Kate Phillips & Theodore Simonson's role is absolutely boring and extremely boring, as it does not take full advantage of its strongest aspects. The Blob focuses on the drama and boring conflicts between teenagers and the police. In fact, the majority of The Blob is dedicated to Steve trying to convince the police of his existence. For most of the film, the blob itself seems almost unimportant and somewhat forgotten. There are only two or three scenes for the first hour and a little until the climax unimportant when adults and teenagers have to work together to overcome the gout and appreciate then, yuck! Why could not the blob just eat it? No explanation is given about the nature or origin of the drop, if it came from space. How long did it take to get to that? Dialogue is also clumsy and silly, as are people's actions and decision-making. I like the role when a nurse named Kate (Lee Paton, Lee Payton, did someone use his real name in this case?) Faced with the task, she throws acid on it and proclaims calmly "Doctor, nothing will stop her!", how does she know that nothing will stop her exactly? There is no blood or violence, so do not worry, the special effects on the blob itself are not too painful, but the film has almost no screen and moves very slowly, a bit like the movie in general. The acting is terrible, McQueen is supposed to be a teenager when he was 28 years old and it shows, he looks old enough to be his own father! The same is true for most other members of the "teenagers" cast. All members of the group are wooden and unconvincing in their roles. Technically, The Blob is very basic, dark static photography, dull direction and forgotten production values. The Blob is one of those movies that probably sounds good on paper and is well known for being a "classic" but is actually a huge disappointment when it is finally seen. This is one of the cases where the remake The Blob (1988) is definitely better than the original. The original Blob is slow and boring and the remake is not, the original Blob contains no blood or blood and the remake does, the original Blob has incredibly mediocre game and casting decisions and the remake is not & the original Blob is very realistic. a short time in front of the screen eating only three or four people throughout the movie and the remake takes the blob all the way through and eats almost a whole city. The choice is easy, the remake every time because it is a better film in all respects. I will give two stars to the film and give this beautiful main song. Certainly not the classic that many seem to make out.
