It's nothing more than a strange coincidence that I decided to look at STARLIFT on the occasion of the 59th anniversary of the day in June 1950, when President Truman ordered US forces to take part in the Korean War. You see, STARLIFT takes place mainly at the Travis Air Force base in California in the years when it served as a relay for soldiers sent to fight in Korea. But you would need to do your own research to find out, because the name "Korea" is not mentioned once in the film. We see transport planes flying with new troops and coming back with wounded soldiers, but nothing says where these men will fight or hurt themselves. Which is a bit odd for a movie designed to greet American men in uniform. Released in December 1951 by Warner Brothers, STARLIFT is a very obvious effort to replicate the success of the Hollywood Canteen studio. In 1944, this audience reported that two soldiers were spending their last three nights of leave at the famed Armed Forces nightclub in Los Angeles in hopes of getting an appointment with Joan Leslie. But it was really an excuse for Warners to walk in all the stars under contract, from Joan Crawford, John Garfield and Barbara Stanwyck to Peter Lorre, Bette Davis, Sydney Greenstreet, etc. STARLIFT features two Air Force soldiers hoping to meet fictional star Nell Wayne (a mask-like ruler) and persuade a Warner Bros. star group to stage a show for the departing troops. But instead of Crawford, Garfield et al. The best that the Warner brothers could find in 1951 were Doris Day, Ruth Roman, Gordon MacRae, Virginia Mayo, Gene Nelson and Phil Harris. embarrassed to watch Gary Cooper. This worn model, whose combined star power would struggle to illuminate a standard lamp, goes perfectly with the poor production values. Probably in order to save money, several long scenes were shot with a very bad rear projection. Is it bad? You can see the join where the screen meets the floor of the sound stage! Describing STARLIFT as a sloppy, lazy, third-class movie is tantamount to harming films that are sloppy, lazy, and third-class. It's just terrible. Avoid it.
