Whoa boy. <br /> <br /> Have you ever wanted to watch a documentary about a megalomaniac idiot ruining his own life and alienating everyone around him? Well, they exist, in many forms. But have you ever dreamed of watching a documentary about a director who has finally managed to do nothing despite the praise of everyone for his artistic "genius"? Well, you could probably just take a camera and find someone like that on any local scene (I know they're everywhere and I'm not even the local scene), or you could save yourself some trouble spending money to watch these guts. <br /> <br /> The premise is good and, honestly, it's not as if the filmmakers knew exactly where they were heading, which is one of the difficulties of the documentary. We are followed by two bands, The Brian Jamestown Massacre, directed by Anton, and The Dandy Warhols, directed by Courtney. I heard about the Dandy Warhols before watching this movie ... not the Brian Jamestown massacre. Why? From the point of view of this documentary, because Brian Jamestown Massacre's intergroup dysfunction has denied them the ability to truly succeed in the music industry. However, instead of becoming an analysis of the two distinct groups and how one has succeeded, the focus is more on Anton and his madness. <br /> <br /> Because, you see, Anton is a "genius". "Because he plays rock music, he really understands the evolution of music" ... because he plays rock with a lot of different instruments, his music is considered "post-modern retro but the future "... because it's rock, it wants to bring out a" revolution "... through rock, so let's face it, Twenty minutes later, it's one of the stupid children about whom I would like to watch a documentary. <br /> <br /> The documentary itself does not really lend itself to Anton's talent, because we do not really have the time to focus on that, because we are writing 2000 hours of material in less than two and a half hours, so instead we look at Anton, "the genie", the socio-maniac loser, being a fool for two hours and he is told to understand that he has really done good music, whether he knows it or not, I will not know, because it's not as if the documentary had had time to prove it. What I do know is that then we have a story about an uncomfortable, egocentric twerp running across the country, calling himself a god of music and doing nothing to save it. Why even bother to watch this? People like Anton do not deserve the attention they seek, the hope and admiration of all these different people, and in particular the potential for loss of potential after failure. This film plays like a coarse two-hour VH1 special for a reason: it keeps talking about music, but it's all about image and attention. Look at the guy, see how he gets dressed, look at how he's acting, look at how he's trying to create controversy because he can not afford to do marketing. <br /> <br /> Honestly, the only interesting character in this movie is Joel, and it's because of anyone in this documentary, Joel is the only person who seems to be having fun. It may be because he is the man with the tambourine. The others are all "rock stars"! They deserve our attention, our admiration, our interest and our commitments! They are there to "save rock and roll". Do you remember when the White Stripes were supposed to "save rock and roll"? Yeah, it was because of Anton, and it's "selfish of them not to call me as inspiration (Anton)". What a burden. People like Anton are better left behind. This documentary explains why traditional music is so dull - because music makers have to make a living with people like Anton, and they can only end up as safe and passionate people. Thank you very much, Anton. Your antics have ruined the music for EVERYONE that you have touched, regardless of the opposite opinion. And if people "aware" of Anton do not agree and that it is really a genius, it shows again how disappointing this documentary is.
