I entered this film with high hopes. Normally, I'm not too picky about my movies and the creature movies are * always * fun to watch, at least I thought. I will list the good parts of this movie: -The effects of creature. All the creatures were well made, their movements were realistic and they fit well in the other pictures. To be honest, the creature effects were the ONLY reason why I gave this movie a 2 rather than a 1. Now, the negatives: - The acting game. God, I already played bad, but this movie takes the cake. Not one of the characters is even close to credible. It's as if the director had sent a casting call and chosen all the worst tests. I tried very hard not to laugh too hard, because I did not want to annoy anyone in the theater, but the acting was really THAT. -The storyline: The whole story is full of holes in the plot from start to finish. You can choose at least 5 holes from the plot among 30 minutes of movie. The holes in the plot, of course, are complementary to the cheese. It's probably one of the most cliché, stupidest and stupidest stories I've ever seen on the screen since I had the great misfortune of spending a night watching Parasite on SciFi. -The dialogue: This is a world where everyone says the most cheesy and cliché thing possible, at every possible opportunity. In this world, it seems that each line has already been spoken in at least 30 other low budget creature movies. It's the world of cheese and clichés. -Special effects. While the creature effects were downright awesome, the special effects fail miserably. Yes, they are better than those seen in other movies, but most of them are in the presentation. And this film has no presentation. To be honest, it looks a bit like the special effects used in the TV show Power Rangers. In short, Dragon Wars is worth neither your time nor your money. The concept is good, but it is trapped by the bad staging, role play, dialogue and cheesiness of the film. Wait until the next big monster movie is out. It must be better than that, because Dragon Wars is absolutely horrible.
