THE KING MAKER will undoubtedly be a success in Thailand where the similar (but superior) record of "The Legend of Suriyothai" was recorded at the box office. The film directed by Lek Kitaparaporn based on a storyline by Sean Casey based on historical facts in 1547, Siam contains incredibly beautiful visuals, but it is disarmed by one of the most secret and pedestrian scripts and by the development of the story on film. <br /> <br /> The event recounted the arrival of the Portuguese soldier of fortune, Fernando de Gamma (Gary Stretch), who was taking revenge on his father's murderer and leading him into a state of sinking, capture and slavery, then put on the block at Ayutthaya in the Kingdom of Siam where he is bought by the beautiful Maria (Cindy Burbridge) with the consent of his father, Phillipe (John Rhys-Davies), a man with a name and a past revealed throughout history. There is a plot to overthrow the king and Fernando and his new Siamese sidekick Tong (Dom Hetrakul), after some free nonsense of martial arts improved by CGI, are first rewarded by the king to become his bodyguards, to be imprisoned together once Queen Sudachan (Yoe Hassadeevichit) reveals his plot to kill the king and his son to allow his lover, Lord Chakkraphat (Oliver Pupart), to take control of Siam. Yet, of course, Fernando and Tong escape and are doomed to fight to save the lives of their families (the wife and children of Tong and the love relationship between Fernando and Maria), with the expected consequences. <br /> <br /> (with the exception of John Rhys-Davies) is so weak that the film sometimes seems to be supposed to be a camp. The predominantly Thai actors struggle against a poorly written dialogue, which makes us regret using their native Thai with subtitles. The musical score of Ian Livingstone sounds as if it had been exhumed from old soap operas. But if you aim for visual splendor, there are many and the film is worth seeing. It is a film that enjoys a clear financial backing for all the special effects and the masses of the cast and set and that shows its good intentions. These are just the basics that are missing. Grady Harp
