As with most reviews, I saw this on Starz! On demand. After previewing the preview with my girlfriend, she decided not to watch it, given the poor quality of the preview. For my part, I found it strange enough to warrant surveillance. I mean, Dr. Meso's design alone deserved at least a brief overview of this title. After viewing it, I can say that even if it has interesting aspects (including browsing the notebooks and trying to understand the story incomprehensible), it is better to let it pass. <br /> <br /> * Major Spoilers Ahead * After making their first video for their unfinished CD, the lead singer, Cassidy, kills herself trying to point out to her boyfriend Neil. 3 months later, the band tries to decide if it will finish the album or not. To try to see what Cassidy would have wanted, they go to see an old psychic friend, Dr. Meso, and try to contact her through him. In his card reading, Dr. Meso gives four consecutive death cards to the other four members of the group. The bad times are coming. (I just wanted to point out that later on in the film, they explain that the death card is really only a change, so congratulations to them for that.) Even without the approval of their deceased friend, they decide to 'go ahead and finish the album. But while she's in the bathroom, Cassidy's best friend, Dora, sees her dead friend. When another member of the group enters to watch her, Dora is in the dark and asks for her sunglasses. The massacre begins. <br /> <br /> My main problem with the film from the beginning is that it seems heavy, stylized. Too many warping effects, unnecessary zooms and a plethora of other cheap effects undermine this movie. An incoherent scenario is useless either. As the story comes together for the first part, once Cassidy is resurrected, everything falls apart. We have tight cuts between Cassidy and Dr. Meso (who mysteriously was able to enter a locked building), which shows that they are connected in one way or another. However, a few minutes after this revelation, we find that Cassidy is really a being independent of Meso. She then turns on the guy who was helping her for revenge and walks away in a way that reminds Jack Nicholson as a Joker. But not in a good way. <br /> <br /> From there, Cassidy is indicated, but the character moves strangely, the character moving from one place to another out of sequence. One scene shows Cassidy standing at a desk, when a character enters the next one, she can not be found. As he moves behind the desk, we see him at the end of a corridor. Then, in another room, grab the keys (which Neil already has), then come back. Not to mention that from one moment to another, Cassidy's mood seems to go up to a 180 without a catalyst. One moment, she wants to kill everyone (although she only hurt 90% of the characters). A moment later, she apologizes to everyone and leaves the door to die again. Sounds confusing to you? It's because it is. It's a confused mess that the writer does not even understand, I'm sure. <br /> <br /> As for shows, most are made of wood. Some are interesting, but overall, this is not a piece that would be known for its role. History is the driving force behind this piece.
