I hope that the viewer who considers 'Dream Machine' as one of the best and best movies of the century by Corey Haim pleased. An undetected sarcasm from me? I sincerely hope so. <br /> <br /> "The Dream Machine" marks the beginning of a long line of mediocre capers that would darken the rest of Corey Haim's career (with the exception of "Prayer of the Rollerboys" which was surprisingly decent). Here, Haim plays Bernie, a nonchalant college student, who assumes that a cool car will catch the attention of the girl of his dreams. Fortunately for Bernie, a rich woman seeking revenge for her unfaithful husband, hastily decides to reward her faithful piano tuner - Bernie - with a gift: an elegant Porsche Turbo. However, unbeknownst to the woman and unhappy for Bernie, her dead husband was murdered and her body hidden in the trunk. Now, since in this film, the bodies do not seem to break down or have a rather crude funk, Bernie is not aware of it. In fact, the unconscious boy has no idea that something suspicious is being prepared despite several strange circumstances. In particular, a grizzly man follows him everywhere, desperate to get his hands on this body without being detected. <br /> <br /> This is an action of lesser quality, as evidenced by many Haim films (see The Double O Kid). Although it is both an action and a romantic comedy, this film does not offer much interest to the viewer for at least the first forty-five minutes during which the filmmakers took enough time to show the immediate problem (that is, Bernie is in possession of a car and a corpse, and a hitman discovering that the Porsche will be difficult to find). After that, and thanks to Haim's bad action game (I also loved this kid, but it's not sacrosanct to admit the moments when he could not obviously act well) and the lack of real immediacy and urgency between Bernie and the villain who makes most of the events unconvincing and, therefore, inappreciable. To add an injury to the insult, the soundtrack was incredibly laughable and sounded more like obvious songs you'll hear in Team America (see the "date" montage). <br /> <br /> Loyal fans Corey Haim should however be not disappointed to see their boy in abundance. However, others understand that Haim's career probably reached its peak at the age of 14 or 15 and never recovered, could expect a mediocrity, just as viewers looking for fluff 90's b-comedy to pass the time.
