Michael Caine has always claimed that Ashanti was "the only film (he) did purely for the money" as well as "the worst film he ever played". Wait, Michael, were not you in The Swarm and Hurry Sundown? And were not these two movies worse than Ashanti? Perhaps Caine remembers too reluctantly the physically demanding demands of filming an action movie in temperatures of 130 degrees Fahrenheit (the director, Richard Fleischer, was hospitalized after a sunburn). What Ashanti is really emerging is not the low point of his Michael Caine career. Instead, it is a very average hunting thriller with a talented cast, exotic locales, boring scenes and a highly formal storyline. <br /> <br /> Dr. David Linderby (Caine) is a W.H.O doctor who is devastated when his black wife Anansa (Beverly Johnson) goes missing on a help trip to an African tribal village. Linderby gradually realizes that his wife was kidnapped by slave traders - led by Suleiman (Peter Ustinov) - and he pursues a continent-wide pursuit that eventually leads to the Middle East. <br /> <br />, the big stars present themselves for inefficient and superfluous guest roles. William Holden has a poor cameo as a helicopter pilot; Omar Sharif displays very little of his usual charm or grace as a pampered Arab millionaire; Rex Harrison seems legitimately bored during his brief role as a helpful contact who assists Caine in his quest. The film is based on a bestseller titled Ebano, by the little known author Alberto Vasquez-Figueroa, but the suspense that made the book so popular is largely absent from this adaptation. Ustinov is charismatic as a slave trader (he seems in all his films unable to perform badly), and Caine generates credible anguish as a man who thinks he will never see his wife again. There are occasional lightning bolts, but all in all, Ashanti is rather slow. All in all, it's a tough hokum action piece - not at all as dreadful as Caine has often suggested, but not a very inspiring movie and certainly a failure on the part of all the talents involved.
