I'm impressed! Wow, get ready to be blown away by the weird ways of the ninja. Watch them as they jump, crawl on the ground (on the back or belly) like a caterpillar, fly in the sky, climb buildings, hide and leave trees, throw ninja stars, play the role of blue welcome mat, disappear into smoky bombs, make a lot of swoosh noises with their blades and sneaking or trotting fast on their toes. What a view! Really, I could talk about the many traditional actions, but I'll be there all day. Oh, to not forget that we occasionally see the legendary Chuck Connors appear, and that we see him sending ninjas with his shotgun with little ease. Which class! What badass! Anyway, the ultra-cheap "Sakura Killers" are stupid, but fun as ninjas of action that only the fanatics of the genre could draw from this debacle of quality B. <br /> A laboratory of genetics in America has a very important video that has been stolen by two ninjas. Colonel sends (Chuck Connors) two Americans to Japan to recover him. <br /> <br /> Opening the function puts it in place. Get ready for the laughs! It then slows down, but soon after, the two protagonists learn more about the ninja and follow the training. They train hard as they disguise themselves in costumes and flee after the stolen beta cassette that contains a very important formula. That's when violent action and aerobic martial arts really come into play. It's not too bad either (like the stupid script and stupid performances). The final climatic confrontation is very well done. <br /> <br /> The two Americans (Mike Kelly and George Nicholas) are slowly leaning over the file, sharing brainless conversations and encountering minor problems. What made me laugh was how much the ninjas were put off by their courage and their intelligence. These were supposed to be professional killers? Director Dusty Nelson ('Effects (1989)') does a serious job with what he has and plays it for what he is. It centers the on-screen activities around the striking places of Taiwan. The score is a chintzy arrangement.
