So I praised this to Netflix because someone had given me Roger Ebert's book "I hated, hated, hated this movie" and he attributed to it a zero star rating in the book and said at the end of his original comment "Mad Dog Time should be cut to provide free ukulele choices to the poor". So, I thought to myself that Ebert said I would see if it was as bad as he said. I know most people in society say do not listen to criticism and judge for themselves, but I can not say how much I hated this piece of junk like Ebert did and never Ebert's criticism of Rob Reiner's "North" where he said he hated this film I had already heard such a brilliant film critic about hate. We have Richard Dreyfuss here as a gangster and I do not think it would be terrible to see Dreyfuss as a gangster if the script of this film was well written. But above all that was horrible about this "movie", I can certainly tell you that the script was not well written at all. As the film begins with Jeff Goldblum saying that he liked to watch Dreyfuss's girlfriend while Dreyfuss was in a criminal hospital, the film begins with a decent dialogue after the opening credits. But after these first 4 or 5 minutes, the remaining 85 minutes are only composed of stupid characters who talk for 30 seconds of waste unnecessary, then someone is shot. Then there is a whole series of jokes about Dreyfuss who is mentally ill. Haha. Not funny. Then we get an unpleasant and non-funny scene that parodies Frank Sinatra's "My Way" sung by Gabriel Byrne apparently to insult Dreyfuss. Of course, because the scenario was written at the level of a sixth grader, Dreyfuss shoots Byrne more than five times and Byrne just does not want to die. Are we, as an audience, supposed to care or find this slightly funny? I can certainly tell you that I did not care or that I find it funny. Not only am I disappointed with Dreyfuss (whom I admire very much as an actor) for producing and playing this film, but I am also extremely disappointed with Jeff Goldblum, because it was released the same year as "Independence Day "was the most profitable film of the year and finally one of the most successful films in history. Did Goldblum think that "Independence Day" would be a failure and that he would then take the next role offered to him to make money if "Independence Day" was a bomb? What is a winner of an Oscar and the star of two of the biggest film producers in history have found pleasant to do remotely? The opening sequence of "Mad Dog Time" says that the film takes place on another planet. I only wish now that I lost 93 minutes looking at this trash that would have stayed and opened in the theaters of the planet where it is supposed to unfold so that everyone on this planet is never here from this loss ridiculous 93 minutes of my life. life that I will never come back. Ebert says the film should have been cut is not good enough, I'm scared. Mad Dog Time petrol must be filled with petrol and lighted. I have not yet beaten the worst film I have ever seen because it has won its honor as the worst film of all time.
