What an insult to Olivia D'Abo, who embodies Robin, the heroine of the film, to make Keanu Reeves appear so big on the box of the film (and at least on the recent reissues, to reveal only Reeves), since she was the star. I realize that it's his name that will end up selling this special after school, long forgotten, but at least give the woman a little credit. <br /> <br /> Even so, this has to be one of the worst teen sports movies I've ever seen, and it's very hard to add not just all the clichés about teens and Sports movies of the class war between conflicting gymnasts at the teenage romance. And, striving to present itself as an alternative Flashdance amateur (the music in one of the dance scenes of the warehouse is even close enough to the remarkable "Maniac" Michael Sembello, made famous by Flashdance, or was is it the reverse?) This includes similar dance sequences and, even worse, even the dance of the 80s and the sporting tradition of the nerdy dance between the heroine and her antagonist (s), the one that doubts about his successes and abilities within the team. We saw this at Trashin '(vertical ramp joust) and Rad (BMX dancing at the prom, although it was not much for the competition, but for fun) for example. In fact, this film is filled with unrealistic corneas, such as the Army of Salvation's somewhat homoerotic winding with Robin and his team friend. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, the film is about a young girl who comes from a rather poor background. To top it off, she has to live with her sick mother, her odious sister, and her carefree (and slightly abusive) father-in-law. Needless to say, homelife is not so attractive. Add to that a talent for gymnastics, but several obstacles to join the team (including the embarrassment of his arrogant and snobbish teammates and a coach who also doubts his ability to compete). And, of course, we can not forget that she has eyes for one of the pretty little girls who goes out with one of her odious teammates, nor that she does not have a stable boyfriend (although Keanu appears later in the photo). Could this kid be more pathetic? And it seems that one mess after another comes to embarrass itself in its painfully long, redundant and clichéd quest, to prove its worth to everyone. <br /> <br /> But even the most important moments the film is hardly worth mentioning, since the greatest distraction in this film is the horrible play and dialogue. (I like the way the gym coach suddenly appears at the restaurant in the middle of the dance to reprimand his teammates). This makes the episodes of 'Amazing Stories' look like Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> I imagine that anyone who is able to locate this movie and watch it lately is probably attracted by the nostalgic factor. For that, you might be satisfied, but it's also an incredibly forced drama. So, empty the content.
