After watching this film, I found myself with two very serious troubles about this film: why did they make Chen's character "McGuyver's hit-man" and Lee's so stupid incompetent character? Chen's personality is that he was raised in an underground orphanage of bloodthirsty fighter in Cambodia where he learns to fight like a wild "dog". This detail is pushed early in a scene when he gets in a taxi and when he starts driving, he shows how unfamiliar with a seat belt. Shortly after this scene, he finds himself in a similar situation in a dim sum restaurant. Not only is he without education, he is starving. This is not a reference to Chen's lean physique, but to the first two scenes of the movie where he eats food, one of which is a rice porridge on the floor of an old man's lower deck. boat. If, in the first ten minutes of the film, it is established that Chen is suffering from malnutrition, that he has not been modernized and that he has only what is close to his heart, his dog fighting style "brawler". Despite this situation, Chen manages to surpass all the policemen (even ripping a bullet in a metal pipe to hit a guy who was holding Chen's girlfriend hostage) and has somehow reached a superhuman strength. concrete, glued to the end of a metal pipe, at the head of the police chief while he is shot in the chest, by the said chief). <br /> <br /> Now, Lee's character ... okay I understand, he's depressed, he has luggage, but wow, can he do anything, right? One moment, they try to make him cool, composed and ready to take care of business, and the next moment, he just got beaten again. First scene, he runs into Chen and he manages to miss him several times. Towards the end of the scene, Lee looks at Chen as his close friend and colleague stabs himself slowly in the neck with a long knife for a good 5 seconds while holding a gun on Chen's face at a distance of 10m. Even at the end of the movie, Lee manages to get stabbed to death and fails once again. <br /> <br /> And my biggest problem with this film is that it's presented in a way that filmmakers try to get it. the public to sympathize with Chen's character and that he "just kills to survive". It would be a lot easier if I did not watch Chen kill innocents all through this horrible film. Of the many people he killed, only two were planning to kill him, the chief of police and Lee. Others were just people eating, boat owners, taxi drivers and policemen trying to stop him, not killing him. All in all, Chen's character is a cold-blooded killer who kills for what he wants, even if it's just a free trick. (Did I mention that he was carrying a bundle of hundred dollar bills throughout the movie?) My 3 stars go to the interesting director / camera work that got some great photos. <br /> <br /> One designed for Chen fans who clings to nuts. For me, "Dog Bite This DVD"
