By my remark "the drinkers of Kool-Aid", I mean that they are so devoted fans of the Pavarotti man that they do not try to evaluate this film objectively. To give a 10 is equivalent to giving the prize to Mr. Universe of Wally Cox or to put a velvet painting of Elvis at the Louvre !!! When this film debuted, I remember fierce critics with titles such as "No, Giorgio" and some said it was one of the worst films ever made. It is overestimating too. Although it was bad and far from being a great work of art, there was a lot to love in the film and the biggest deficit of the film was not the actors' play nor its circumference. <br /> <br /> Believe it or not, the clash of blame rests solely on the shoulders of writers (who, I believe, were chimpanzees). It's rare to see a film with such a cliché dialogue or zany scenes as the fight for food, but even they are not at the heart of the problem. The problem is that screenwriters want the public to be interested in a "romance" of a married man and a middle-aged man and a seemingly hopeless lady. Perhaps the European public could be more lenient in this respect, but in the United States in 1982 or today, such a romance seems shady and selfish, especially when Pavarotti tells Harrold that he loves his wife and that he "simply amuses himself". Wow, talk about romantic dialogue !! Unfortunately, if they had just changed the screenplay a bit and made Pavarotti a widower or maybe his wife be like the wife of a couple of classic Hollywood movies, such as ALL THIS AND HEAVEN, TOO or THE SUSPECT so vile and unkind that you could forgive the husband for having an affair or even killing her). Instead, she is the beloved mother of two children who patiently wait at home while her selfish husband sorts right and left - as Pavarotti admits to having had many affairs before meeting Harrold. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, even the superb Pavarotti's music could not save this movie. Towards the end of the film, there are amazing scenes in New York where the scenery is incredible and the transcendent chant of Pavarotti. For this reason, I think the film deserves at least a 3. I really wanted to love the movie more, but it was really a bad movie - although not as rotten as you might have heard it. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, from what I've read, this film could be a case of art imitating life, because Pavarotti's life has had some parallels with this film, although it's not not exactly the forum to discuss it in detail.
