I had not heard of this movie until I read an article about it on the Unknown Films website, which made me curious. As a draftsman and illustrator, I am an admirer of the work of Richard Williams. I consider Ziggy's Gift as one of the best Christmas movies of all time, and even though Roger Rabbit's Who Framed ceased to be one of my favorite movies when I passed. at the age of sixteen, I always have the greatest respect for the amount of work, care, and attention to detail that has been devoted to the creation of the visual elements - but it seems that man has his flaws, including his tendency to overshoot the budget and stick to the schedule, and this film shows just how far a talented individual like Williams can go, even in the right circumstances. <br /> <br /> Raggedy Ann and Andy is a strange confection that tries to be strange and experimental and out of the wall within the limits of a children's cartoon. He is also trying to be a musical. He's trying to be a thousand other things too - is it a freakout? Is it a spirit-blower? Is it a paean to the innocence of the imagination of childhood? - until it finally collapses under the weight of its own ambitions and aspirations without limits. It's beautifully animated, for the most part, though faded backgrounds may have been able to use a little more attention, but even that does not matter much when you're faced with the hallucinogenic absurdity that's a big part of the action here. <br /> There are a number of problems with the movie, but let's start with Raggedy Ann and Andy themselves. They are the stars of the series, but they do not have personalities. In fact, we hear that Andy is a tough guy ("I'm not a girls' toy," he sings) and that Ann has a unique perspective on things because his owner, a little girl called Marcella, the door upside down, but that's all we have to discover about these dull characters like mud, because the strange strangeness of this film is manifested shortly after. I use the word "strangeness" wisely because some strange movies can be extremely entertaining, but it's just strange. The toys and dolls in the playroom are supposed to be cute and adorable, but they are actually weird and disturbing. The two puppets that make and say everything at the same time are a perfect example. But they are even relatively normal compared to the pirate captain who sneezes constantly, whose mustache becomes erect and whose groin swells visibly when he first sees a glamorous French doll. Yes, it's supposed to be a children's movie! Then there is music, none of which is memorable, and is sung by actors who can not sing. And to add insult to injury, there are many songs in this movie. When Ann and Andy finally manage to get out of the playroom, they start by singing a long number in the woods, telling how scared they are, how they will always be and ... yes, we get the message. . It seems to last forever, but at least it brings a semblance of normality to the film. Not for long, though, because the crumpled knee camel takes us into a strange world where everything seems to be made of worn, faded denim, and - pity he's clearly a paranoid schizophrenic - he's also starting to hallucinate. But it's nothing compared to the scenes that follow. The gourmand, a living, breathing. it's so exciting, scary and ultimately disturbing that you will not believe what you see - it's as close to a drug-free psychedelic experience that I've never seen in the movies. Then, after spending some time with Greedy, the psychotic Sir Leonard Looney and his master King KooKoo, whose throne looks like a urinal, come into being. I can not believe I'm writing here a description of the capsule of a real movie - it was enough for me to rub my eyes and remind myself that I was not blogging about my crushing nightmare. Part of the sequence in Looney Land looks like one of Winsor McCay / Little Nemo's old caricatures, for no good reason except that someone wanted to do it, probably. All that would be fine if there was some kind of rhyme or reason behind that, but there is none. These scenes are just strange and very very long. Surrealism only works when there is a strong idea behind or against a semblance of reality. But NOTHING in these scenes does not point to any kind of reality. Remove this element and you will end up with pure personal indulgence. <br /> <br /> As the final scenes unfold, even the animation begins to look less impressive (the pirate ship, ridiculously detailed, makes fun of the water to suggest that some of these have disappeared during production) and there is no end event that simply suggests that the money is exhausted. Even with 86 minutes long, the film looks like an endless ordeal, and one understands why it stumbled upon its original release. Animation fans will probably scratch their heads and wonder how Williams managed to handle it so dramatically, but he did it, and no one can handle it.
