SHALLOW GRAVE begins with a tribute or a scam of the shower scene in PSYCHO. (I lean towards the scam.) After that, the situation gets worse and, surprisingly, improves, almost to the point of being original. A bad story and a poorly known staging, but the film already exceeds much in the genre "Yankee goes down to the South to be killed by a group of rednecks" because it is shot in the South. <br /> A group of college girls goes to Fort. Lauderdale for the summer holidays and are stopped in Georgia by a flat tire after leaving the main road. (Note to the Yankees: Stay on the highway when you travel to Florida.) Sue Ellen (Lisa Stahl) must pee to the woods. When she finally finds a good place to do her business, she sees the local sheriff (Tony March) strangling his mistress (Merry Rozelle) to death. (Note to the Yankees: do not venture into the woods to the south, not because you may be witnessing a murder, but you can also cross a marijuana plantation.) That's when the story , and not the film, is close to being good. <br /> <br /> Tony March will never have to practice his Oscar speech, but his sheriff has become a terrifying facsimile of a normal guy, torn by what he did and what he must do. Tom Law is nice as a Scott MP and is a southern MP as authentic as the one I see from Walton Goggins (MP Steve Naish) in HOUSE OF 1000 CORPSES. <br /> <br /> Some scenes from the movie are worth mentioning. The girls stop at a barbecue in South Carolina and display their racism when a big black guy watches over them. Sue Ellen rushes into a barn to hide behind hay bales and in a shocking moment of realism, a large snake hides in the hay with her. <br /> <br /> And in the strangest scene, sheriff Dean pretends he's about to do it Patty (Carol Cadby) gets raped and tells him to undress. Dean turned on the radio to cover the sound of what he was about to do. The preacher on the radio must go back and read his Bible. His sermon tells how Jezebel is saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. I am sorry for this preacher's flock. Jezebel was in the Old Testament a few thousand years before the birth of Christ and is by no means one of the five people you will meet in Heaven.
