Once again, one of the most misunderstood goddesses in my country has been distorted by "Westerners" who can not understand the esoteric symbolism of the goddess mother in its dark forms. The Mother adopts the frightening form of Kali Mata to destroy our inner demons and terrify our ego. And although Kali and Durga are sacrificed in blood, the events described in this film are simply absurd. The Mother takes a wrathful form to be angry with our inner demons, our limits and our ego when no other form is enough. It is also in its wrathful form that it burns all your karmas in the "Smashan" lights that you cultivate in your heart so that it can dance if you love it and it will lead you to reality and truth. Reality and truth have a dark side as well as light, which serves a purpose. The mother is also the incarnation of the physical universe, she is nature. Nature can be cruel and destructive to maintain balance. You can not have growth and life without death and destruction. Kali represents the force of destruction for the purpose of new growth and a life both worldly and spiritual in the universe. It is very scandalous to me that people who know nothing about India or her divinity can only take one of our beloved goddesses and use it as a cheap prostitute to make a horror movie on a budget and without talent. How dare they take our beloved mother and represent it as a horror that causes people to cut their eyelids !? It is horrible only for those who are attached to their ego and live in illusion, greed, anger and other inner demons. It is very clear to me that the person who wrote this film must have a very serious selfish ego and serious inner demons to see Kali as so horrible and so terrible. When the ego disappears, it becomes an enchanting form, beautiful and young, a beauty so enchanting to contemplate that it enchants the whole universe. Kali Maa is an old mother with whom we must not play for entertainment, just hope that, in her infinite compassion and mercy, she does not take an angry form towards those involved in this film. <br /> <br /> The audacity of Westerners to use religions like mine, or religions of the Caribbean islands such as Santeria and Vodou, which are really very positive, and other religions of this type that twist and exaggerate incomprehensible elements that the Western mind can not understand, totally ridiculous. It is clear that there is no respect for what people live, breathe and believe in such films. <br /> <br /> Kali Maa is actually a caring and compassionate mother, to whom we shed tears in her eyes. beautiful feet in devotion and love for. And I'm happy that my mother sometimes takes an angry form to protect her followers from themselves and outside forces. <br /> <br /> Many praises to the TRUE Kali Maa, who showed MUCH the way to God and his realization.
