I looked at this immediately after seeing HILLSIDE CANNIBALS, so everything would have been an improvement. On top of that, it keeps me from comparing ZOMBI 3 to 28 DAYS LATER and its aftermath. Unfortunately, the more I watched him, the more I realized how well Danny Boyle's original was done and how much this film had influenced 28 WEEKS LATER <br /> <br /> One can not help but notice how point the franchise 28 is dated to this type of film. Italian horror film. I was totally convinced that ZOMBI 3 should have been manufactured in 1980 or 1981 at the latest - in this case, I would have called my summary 28 YEARS LATER (Geddit?) - but I had not found it before this page published in 1988. All the production values ​​say that it is a low-budget film splashed from the beginning of this decade. I might have enjoyed this film as a fifteen-year-old schoolboy in 1982, like my peers, but not now <br /> <br /> Much of the problem involves a lack of internal continuity. For example, some zombies move with the rhythm of a snail, while others run very fast and have a self-awareness that leads to a ridiculous end scene involving a DJ. Similarly, some can be kicked in the face while others stay alive, even if they cut their heads, wait to see the scene of refrigerators, you could die laughing. Even serious characters suffer from this kind of complicated script, in which a character suddenly reveals that he is a helicopter pilot, which leads me to ask why the army uses it to drive jeeps for a career. <br /> It's obvious that you 'I remembered the previous movie THE CRAZIES, which also reminded me of the last 28 films. A group of terrorists enters the scientific base, causing all kinds of disasters, the army being the bad guy trying to kill both the infected and the survivors. Well before the end, you will understand that everyone dies. The problem is that you will immediately remember how the British franchise has done so much better with a bigger budget. Not only that, but the 28 franchise will appeal to a thinking public who may have little interest in the average horror film. ZOMBI 3 will not please anyone except a hardcore audience
