In 1979, Lucio Fulci released his film Zombi. However, because of George Romero's previous import of Dawn of the Dead, which took the name for his Italian release, he was renamed Zombie 2. (Which also had the benefit of letting the public think that the was a sequel to the second film Romero). Continuing this theme, the second Zombi movie, which would have been called Zombi 2, was named Zombi 3. In the UK, the original Zombi movie (ie Zombi 2) was entitled " Zombie Flesh Eaters ". To continue on this theme, Zombie's second film (Zombie 3) was later titled "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2" for its release in the UK. (Are you following all this?) So, if Zombie Flesh Eaters was Fulci's dawn, is the day of his death then? Although this is a casual observation, this story of military complexes, helicopters and a recurring narrative bears a vague thematic resemblance. <br /> <br /> Part of Fulci's European direction is needed in a film like this one, but the dubbing and heavy screenplay in the exhibition is absolutely horrible. Its ecological message is so forced and overrated that it can no longer be considered a subtext, while there is a hilarious (unintentional) homage to birds. Combining this last element with the 80s rock of the MOR 80 is not a good idea. For some reason, I could not help but think of Time of the Apes (Q.V.) all the time I was watching this. This is obviously not a good thing. <br /> <br /> Although there is nothing here that can compete with topless scuba diving, zombies grappling with sharks and eyes on a burst, Fulci's misogynistic leanings hear well with the mouth of a hotel cleaner crushed in a mirror until he gushes out blood. His predilections of the gorse also see a hand parting. The two themes are combined when a woman's face is torn off, first by a zombie, then by a zombie fetus torn from the belly of a pregnant woman. <br /> <br /> As far as production is concerned, this is obviously a step ahead of Zombi. , coming five years later. (Nine years in terms of global release). But without the discreet charm of the original, he struggles, while the music of Stefano Mainetti is inappropriate and uninspired. Fabio Frizzi's score was one of the best things about the 1979 movie. Here, zombie attacks are playing what looks like Bonnie Tyler's "Hold Out for A Hero". In the midst of this carnage, we experience an immeasurable love interest, and Roger and Kenny, two bland macho guys who do everything with an acrobatic urgency and constantly assert what is obvious. ("We are short of ammo" for a calming pistol is a special case). But where it falls, too, are the zombies themselves. Weak or not, Fulci's original had really beautiful decaying zombies. Skull heads, worms in the orbits ... it was really something to see. On the other hand, this dull follow-up opts for the more traditional option "men with a little face paint". <br /> <br /> The apogee destroys too many Romero movies to be fun, while the use of the DJ is a crude and cheap narrative device. Not containing the same elements of indignation and gratuitous nudity as the first, it is unlikely to have the same cult appeal. <br /> <br /> It turns out that Fulci actually left the project after apparently making about fifteen minutes, the rest of the film being filmed by Bruno Mattei. I'm pretty sure that even Fulci would have hesitated in front of the ridiculous "flying zombie head" scene, and so deserves the director for having the good sense to leave. Unfortunately, however, its name is above the title of the film, so most people will feel it is a Fulci movie. On this scale, it is a major setback for him, because this film engages what you imagine Fulci would consider the worst crime of all: that of being boring.
