Zombie 3 begins when a group of heavily armed men steal an experimental chemical developed to revive the dead, while trying to escape, the man is shot and the metal container containing the chemical is punctured . The man takes a little green chemical on a hand wound that soon turns him into a flesh-eating cannibal zombie. A few hours later, Kenny (Deran Sarafian) and his fellow soldiers find themselves in a very delicate situation as they stop to help Patricia (Beatrice Ring) and her friend Lia (Deborah). Bergammi) who was stung by zombie birds (!). General Morton is responsible for the situation and must prevent the zombie plague from spreading around the world! But will he and his men succeed? <br /> <br /> This film produced in Italy was to be directed by Lucio Fulci, an Italian author in the field of zombie gore, but the story goes that he suffered a stroke and could not so not finish the movie. Franco Gaudenzi asked Bruno Mattei, director of the second unit, and Claudio Fragasso, writer, to intervene and complete the film. Apparently, Mattei & Fragasso did more than just finish, they actually neglected much of the footage filmed by Fulci and added a lot of their own videos, and Zombi 3 ended in a 50/50 split. The scenario of Fragasso is an absolute disorder, nothing is well thought out and is not as stupid as possible. The scenes of zombie birds attacking people are not only technically unfit, but the idea is simply absurd. The zombies themselves have no consistency, look at the scene where Patricia is on the bridge and the zombies are slow as they drag themselves, then look at the scene earlier where she was attacked by the zombie with the machete because it revolves around as if using steroids, so without a reasonable explanation about 10 minutes before the end of the movie, the zombies suddenly develop the ability to speak that also looks silly. There are so many things wrong with Zombi 3, scene after scene, with a terribly thoughtful and misguided action, a dialogue with a dreadful and really bored character, that makes no sense half the time. Then there is the embarrassing scene where the zombie head inside the refrigerator suddenly develops the ability to fly through the air and bite someone's neck, the scene where the guy in white clothes contaminated at the end is about to kill Kenny & Roger but instead of using their automatic rifles, they decide to try and kill them by hand, even when Kenny takes a weapon himself, they still refuse to use their rifles and when Kenny starts shooting them, they still refuse to use their rifles and it's one of the most mishandled scenes ever filmed and then there's the end where Kenny takes off in the helicopter but can not get it sit on the floor for literally a few seconds to recover his friend and then a load of zombies suddenly pops up under a few piles of grass, what? Since when do the zombies hide themselves alone under piles of grass? It may sound "fun", but believe me, it's not a really boring, repetitive film that just does not work as entertainment, except for some involuntary laughter. <br /> <It's hard to know who is responsible for what exactly, but none of the images are particularly well shot. This gives a stale impression of life and for some reason the manufacturers tried to bathe every fog scene, the problem is that they obviously only had a fog machine and you can see that at a corner of the screen, the mist is visibly thicker, it comes straight from the machine and disappears as it disperses through the scene. Since a large portion is set during the day, it does not add any kind of mood. When they succeed and the mist is evenly distributed on the screen, it looks like they shot the scene in foggy weather! The direction is mediocre, inconsistent and it just looks and feels at the bottom of the scabbard. Even blood and blood are not lacking, there is a bloody hand at first, a scene where something tears from the belly of a pregnant woman, a woman without legs (which really took her legs in the pool about and why did not he take off the legs to the guy who jumped to save her?) & some zombies looking OK are as bloody as possible. For anyone wishing to attend a gore festival like the one that Fulci regularly served in the late 70s and early 80s, he will be very disappointed. gore at all. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is mediocre, the special effects are cheap, cinematography is dull, the music is horrible, the places are bland and the production is at the lowest. This was actually pulled in the Philippines to keep costs down. All the film is obviously doubled, the acting always looks horrible and the English version seems to have been written by someone who does not understand the language. <br /> <br /> Zombie 3 is not a continuation of Fulci Zombi 2 (1979), it has nothing to do with it, except for the cash-in title. I'm sorry but Zombi 3 is an amateur movie, it's boring, it does not make sense, it's not funny enough to be entertaining and there's no shortage of decent gore. One to avoid.
