Where do I start? I wanted to enjoy this movie and I did it. I still wanted to enjoy it because it was another zombie movie that was worth my spoils, and it was not. It was another type of pleasure. It was unhealthy, a perverse joy that I shared by watching one of the most ridiculous movies I've ever seen. And I do not care about Fulci's excuses, there was no excuse for this movie to go like this. It was a bad film all around, but I still can not give it a score lower than 4, which I gave him, because well ... at least, I could laugh at this failure of the film. <I must have imagined these zombies, which were everywhere on the ceilings of these buildings ... I had to imagine that they were so bored that they crawled on beems and perched high stone erections, or they saw the band of jerky-fleshy motley jerks coming around, so they took on them to organize numerous air ambushes. God, what else to do when you're dead? <br /> <br /> I had to laugh at some zombies performing what appeared to be jumps, kicks and jumps in martial arts, as well as treasure like traditional meat lovers. I feasted on a floating head that was never explained. I saw with a pure horrifying feast the fact that their country, the Phillipenes, was completely engulfed by fog, by high doses of fog and that the ponds were as if they were boiling. I even had to step back when I saw that the design of a cure for this plague was sketched on a blackboard like an octagon with lines extending from every angle, with "Dead One" written in the middle . I had to wonder ... if the science of healing zombies is so simple, then I wonder if I could find a little something to trigger an epidemic of zombies here! <br /> <br /> All in all, all the effects were at sea, the dubbing horrible, I'm sure the original acting as poor, the story absurd, the incoherent zombies, even in a bad way , they could all be similar, and ugly women, but I ended up enjoying this thing. It was a fun watch. It turned out to be a very bad movie, and I would not recommend it unless I adopt bad exploitation movies, but I repeat, it was well worth the laugh. Anyway, I'm looking for zombie movies, but when Fulci's name is associated with it, it should be much better. Let me dare to say, the Zombie Holocaust was better.
