I am a big fan of Lucio Fulci, and yet I must say that "Zombi 3" (aka "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2") of 1988, which he directed with two other directors, Bruno Mattei and Claudi Fragasso, was a disappointment. . Especially compared to its predecessor, Gore's classic "Zombie 2" (aka "Zombie Felsh Eaters" / "Zombie") from Gore of 1979, is extremely disappointing. Admittedly, the low score of 4.5 already indicates that it is not a good movie, but these ratings are usually attributed to people who are not in Italian zombie movies and who are enthusiastic fans of the movies. Italian horror and low budget cinema, I love a lot of movies that have only been rewarded with much lower ratings. In addition, many of my Italian horror lovers seem to think that this film is underestimated, which I unfortunately can not accept. Not that the movie was a complete disaster. It has redeeming qualities, especially the nauseating gores of Fulci, which are always a pleasure to watch for an Italian horror / gore fan. The basic idea behind the film is not bad either (although far from original) and I liked the pitiless representation of the armed forces. Unfortunately, that's about it. While the great predecessor "Zombi 2" was extremely bloody, but beyond that, it's really scary, it's not scary or frightening for a minute, and the nauseating and often grotesque gore is the only real reason to watch "Zombie 3". The film is sometimes fun to watch, but only for the gore, and as an unintentional comedy. I guess it's mainly Fulci's gore and the disappointing rest of Mattei and Fragasso, whose first was involved in a series of cult movies (such as D'Amato's "Porno Holocaust"), and the latter is responsible from one of the worst movies of all time, the terrible "Troll 2". Overall, it's quite acceptable for the gore, but of all the Fulci films I've seen so far, it's definitely the worst, and I've seen the majority of the repertoire of this great filmmaker. I'm a fan of Fulci, and I'll always be, but it's certainly not his magic moment. It may be fun for the gore, but I recommend you watch any other Fulci movie before that!
