I can not remain indifferent to Lars van Trier's films. I consider "Breaking the Waves" as a masterpiece. I loved 'Dancer in the Night'. I admired the idea of ​​Dogville, but the exercise in general seemed too arid and theatrical, less cinema. "Europa", which I see only now, was a film famous in its time, has achieved the relative success of a European film in the United States and won the Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film, but has not survived at the time, in my opinion. It is also an exercise too explicit and extroverted in the art of cinema for my taste. <br /> <br /> The story has a level of ambiguity that can not escape the viewer. To treat the period immediately following the Second World War not in the black and white colors of the victors and the vanquished, the executioners and the victims, but as rather ambiguous times where peoples on both sides were fighting for their survival at the time. Following a catastrophic event The life of nations and individuals is always a source of conflict even today. It was even more innovative and courageous two decades ago. Yet it is the medium that seems to be unsuitable for the task. <br /> <br /> The film seems to contain many quotes directly from Hitchcock's films, especially his first films War Europe with brave British spies fighting devilish German spies in high-speed trains the continent in the dark. Trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all their intensity and drama. Here too, the train becomes the symbol of the first sparks of Germany's rebirth after the war, its power, its obsession with order and regulation, punctuality and civility. The characters that populate the train are far from being good or bad classic spy stories. The main character, a young American of German descent arriving in post-war Europe and eager to join a process of aid and reconciliation, finds himself in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption. liberators more like oppressive occupiers, the vanquished non-resigned. to their destiny, but eager to continue on the path of self-destruction, with a love mingling dubiously with betrayal. <br /> <br /> It is however this classic cinematographic treatment which betrays the director in this business. The actions of the characters, notably Leopold Kessler, played by Jean-Marc Barr, seem confused and lack credibility. General cinematography seems not to resemble Hitchcock, but rather a poor imitation of Hitchcock in the late 30s. The use of color compared to black and white film used mostly during intense emotions is also too demonstrative. It is not that Van Trier does not master his artistic means, but he is too demonstrative, he seems to want to show too much that he is a great filmmaker. He is really great, as he will show in some of his later films, but it will be up to the viewer to decide alone.
