... but I was expecting better from Caroline Munro. She made good films and I hoped it would be just as good. In fact, she and this other blonde girl character (the girl who was electrocuted, I think) were the only two actors on 8-11 to be able to play. this movie has the worst acting I've ever seen. almost as bad as "Psycho" (1998). The stupidest part was when the woman was in the shower and Marty prepared it to pour some battery acid. she starts screaming and her scream is probably the most annoying sound in the world. she tries to go out, but "accidentally" falls back into it. I have to admit that the violence and the story are good, as well as harry manfredini's music, but the acting could have been MUCH better. there were two other characters, Frank and Joe. I do not know about you, but they look strangely like dan akyroyd. moreover, when they find that woman's fried body in the bathtub, one would think they would scream and laugh. Caroline Munro and the blond woman are the only ones to react. Frank and Joe barely show signs of fear or disgust. I do not know about you, but I know that if I saw a fried skeleton of one of my best friends, I would throw up. moreover, when Joe starts saying things like, "What happened to Marty was an accident, it was not our fault." he says it as his nervous or frightened but hardly shows facial expressions. then the blonde girl starts crying and says "I'm scared frank!" and she catches Joe. I guess the actress really did not know what type it was. the end of the movie is the most confusing thing I've ever seen. more confusing than the climax of "jaws: revenge". all eight friends end up dead, marty kills them all, but then you see something that looks like it's being chased by their rotten corpses, and then just marty still to the accident hospital, and then when the film ends, marty disguises herself as a nurse trying to calm him, but then we see that marty donned her clothes or something like that kills a doctor, and the film ends with marty peeling off the skin of her face. which brings me to this next question. WHAT WERE THE WRITER WHEN HE COME WITH THAT?!?!?!?! Did he really expect people to understand what happened? the end left me so confused. Were the characters still alive? Does Marty still have a grudge? the events we have just seen have not yet occurred or not at all? I do not know. All in all, this movie was pretty stupid. the acting was nil, the music was ok, the story was pretty good (except for the end). Basically, this is just one of your average 80s teen slasher movies. Only see it for harry manfredini and caroline munro. 2/10 <br /> <br /> P.S. - Simon Scuddamore (Marty) committed suicide shortly after the film's release from intentional drug abuse. I guess he was the only person who knew that this movie was really what it was. A STACK OF SH **
