The film begins with a flashback on Doddsville County High School on April Fool's Day. A group of students plays a trick to Marty's class. When they are punished for playing the joke, they follow with a bigger joke that (as in the case of slasher films involving pranks on class nerds) goes ridiculously aside, leaving Marty both burned by the fire and disfigured by acid for safety reasons. . Five years later, we find members of the group of students gathered in high school, now abandoned, for their five-year class meeting. We discover that it is no coincidence that all the participants in the meeting belonged to the clique of the jokers of the flashback scene, because all the participants are hunted down and murdered by a mysterious assassin with a jester mask in an environment. more and more complicated and stultifying. ridiculous fashions. Sherlock Holmes does not need to solve the mystery of the killer's identity, as it turns out to be nothing but a marked Marty, who apparently used his nerd rage and his high intellect to circumvent the laws of physics and engineering in order to: rig the school for his revenge scenario. The film takes a strange turn as Marty ends up taking revenge on his former executioners, to be haunted by their ghosts. Marty is finally pushed to the limit and takes his own life. Finally, the film explodes in a crescendo of strange inconsistencies while the whole scenario of revenge turns out to be a dream, because Marty wakes up in a hospital bed, frees himself from his constraints, stabs a nurse and ends up disfiguring the his. face. <br /> <br /> The script is tired and suffers from a puzzle of horror movie logic. The only originality comes from the way the victims are sent in an agonizing way. The absurd end, that is, all-a-dream, feels hooked. It's almost as if someone had pointed out the disjunct nature of the film and the writer then decided it was a dream. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is atrocious. Some scenes were filmed so dark that I had to pause the movie and play with the colors on TV. The acting is mediocre, even for slasher movies. I can not help but think that casting was part of the problem, because all actors seem to be at least five years older than the characters they represent, which makes the flashback scene even more unintentionally laughable . Their lack of commitment to the film is obvious because half of them do not want to keep their focus throughout the film. <br /> <br /> All that being said, if you like bad horror movies, you could like this one too. It's not the worst movie of its kind, but it's far from the best.
