What do I hate about Domino about everything, and I talk about everything, if not? Perhaps it was the general glorification of being a bounty hunter; it was perhaps sexism posing as an exciting and interesting study of a hard-core female main character; perhaps it was the simple appearance of the film with its bizarre yellow glow and deformed blue tints or the way it takes an actress like Lucy Lui; who deserves much better than this junk; and makes her sit at a place in the room where the light can not hit directly with the same silly look on her face. Maybe it's writing; This horrible, fast shooting montage and the way the lines of dialogue resonate, as spoken by people like Kiera Knightly, who, if you're buying as a bounty hunter, you can probably fool yourself into believing the world will end in 2012. <br /> <br /> Nobody leaves Domino without any credibility, absolutely nobody. It's a painful and misguided experience, inspired by things like Natural Born Killers and letting ideas escape to an audience that is not even there for him. The main question is: "Was Domino supposed to be a kind of comedy?" With her hilarious track, she lays out phrases that desperately want us to believe she seems "tough", but in reality, she looks more like a fifteen-year-old arrogant girl on her first day at public school, trying to impress his peers. There are things you do not really know how to react, whether they're supposed to be funny or not. If it's supposed to be a comedy, it begs the question: "Is the life of a bounty hunter really the type to exploit to laugh?" I do not think so. <br /> <br /> The film starts with the title card "From a true story ... somehow". If this is supposed to be a kind of post-modernist technique allowing director Tony Scott to bend and manipulate Domino Harvey's story for his own purpose, then you are simply on another planet. The truth is that in this opening quote, the film identifies the subject and the original text before stopping completely and saying "somehow" what I suppose is supposed to allow them to age Domino more than she should be and appear in Jerry Springer. We then learn about Domino's relationship with her father, who died in the film when she was ten years old or something. Here is the first use of the "sort of" policeman, because in real life she was only four years old. But if the film had exceeded the dates of the reality, then all its energy would be born from the death of ........ its goldfish. <br /> <br /> We then move on with Ed Mosbey (Rourke); Domino (Knightley) herself and her future love interest, Choco (Ramírez). During the scene, an American mother is shot in her own caravan in the background of nowhere while pleading for her son's life to be spared. What an opening really lost! presenting his three tracks like wicked people who enter trailers, shoot weapons at innocent people we do not know anything about and are about to shoot their pet dogs. <br /> <br /> Immediate impression is a hatred against the three leads, a feeling of "No, why are you doing this? Why does this happen? The bad seeds are planted and, you would not know it, they stick. The film is painful to watch, even unsustainable; as these three people weave their way through the room with support performances of actors known to play characters in Beverly Hills 90210. Here is another daft post-modernist trend, people are playing themselves and this "so of "Joker card is played again. Christopher Walken even appears in a really stupid role reminiscent of Robert Downey Jr.'s Natural Born Killers. <br /> <br /> As the movie moves on and Domino is thrown into Ed and Choco's gang, only for its alluring appearance I would add that this appears in the middle of the plot about the registration numbers of false drivers or something that Choco and Domino may have feelings for each other. The problem is that each interpreter is doing such a bad job in his respective character; there is no chemistry and no feeling between the two; the film is not a love story, so why bother going that route? Does anyone care about these two characters among all the quick changes and things that explode? If there is a "feeling" between Choco and Domino, there is such a small, tiny and minimalist scale that one has to wonder why it is even included. <br /> <br /> The film feels the need to throw things up narratively. We discover the reason for fake IDs related to someone else and a guy is talking on the phone in a sound bubble. The soundproof bubble, I can believe it, but how does he get his phone under water and in the bubble without being flooded? He had to swim very fast ?? double the speed of mounting the film on an empty stomach, which means about 0.01 seconds. Yes of course. The story of the film becomes both too complicated and arbitrary before resorting to a really stupid climax in which more things explode. In addition, there is a really unpleasant scene to do with a wall painting full of new ethnicities and the movie comedy is so dry that the film must be "Jerry, Jerry!" sing while people participate in a popular American talk show. When did we last laugh about "Jerry! Jerry!" when we had, for example, seven years? I left sad and depressed by the existence of such a film.
