I do not know if these movie problems are more the fault of Direction or Script. As you will see in many magazines, the style of editing is much too much used. It's absolutely distracting and without substance, which could be considered a good thing if you look at some of the movie's quotes. I do not write a lot of reviews here, but I thought this movie was so horrible that it deserved to be commented. Movies like this are eroded by Movie Making as an art form. Films like this show more and more clearly that the current reality of cinema reveals the quality of the characters that compose them. People are perfecting their craft, their senses and business sense - by watching over their inner lives. However, I do not blame them, it's more and more the unfortunate condition of this age - qualified by movies like this. But by proxy, these manufacturers, I would not dare to call the artists to throw up there, lack of inner life or respect for the screen - spreading it to everyone. A story of bounty hunters, firearms and other guns, heavy images of sex - for the so popular actress (did they write the stage of the dance after signing it?) , Saturated, exaggerated, a lining, no linear plots. All different and yet all the same. Dumb boring music to push the emotion in your throat. A story? a character development? or simply hidden, missing information, revealed at the end to create the effect * of a story - as if it were happening. He misses everything that remotely resembles subtlety. It's a caricature of stereotypes and gender. Where are the movies with Awareness? What about the subtlety of sound and music that you are not even aware of? What about the depth of a look? What about publishing with a focus on the mind and the conscience? yes, even in action movies, it can happen. Of course, they perfected a trade; but what is the use without soul or wisdom? understanding of the human condition? Did the people who commented and say that this is a pinnacle of art, or compare it to Picasso and others - I say that alongside Gandhi or the Godfather, even the original Star Wars trilogy or the Lord of the Rings; then look at me in the face and repeat it. It's a good crew, but they need help with depth and history. I hope they get it because I like the previous work of the teams. more luck next time.
