It was another obscure title related to Christmas, a low-budget Mexican production of the film-maker Cardona (NIGHT OF THE BLOOD APES [1969], TINTORERA! [1977]), which ?? like a lot of gender effort of this country? was acquired for release in the United States by K. Gordon Murray. Judging by the two efforts already mentioned, Cardona was not a visionary ?? and, having already received his share of flak here, is certainly not better! The film, in fact, is rather evocative of the strange strangeness that characterized the Mexican horror releases of the time, but was added an extra dimension because of the garish color (which, given the importance of red, apart from Saint Nick himself, the devil plays a major role in the procedure - was essential). Be that as it may, the plot includes Satan's efforts to block Santa's Christmas Eve rendezvous with the children of the Earth; However, there is much more foolishness on the way: to begin with, our immobile man, with a white and chronic beard, always happy, lives in a heavenly palace which, apart from accompanying children toy makers from around the world his piano as they sing (laboriously for the first reel!) in their mother tongue, goes to Merlin ?? the famous magician of the court of King Arthur, here disconcerting but oddly inclined to stagger and mumble childish gibberish! ?? once a year to acquire potions that would bring drowsiness to the young and make themselves invisible (by the way, the anachronistic presence of the wizard here is no less unlikely than the fact that he is a cohort of Dr. Frankenstein in his OF Dracula [1974] !!); by the way, at that moment, he still seems to have taken a little too much weight, so Santa must train to be able to fit in every proverbial chimney! The devil's antics (rubbing your hand enthusiastically at every turn and blocking it usually) to block St. Nick's delivery schedule are therefore perfectly childish: indeed, their titanic schemes resemble an old Laurel & Hardy plus routine. that anything! To cover the race time, we focus on three sets of children: one, the lonely son of a rich couple who wants nothing more for Christmas than their company (project imagined as a fantasy fulfillment of wishes where the boy finds his parents packages extra-large!), a girl from a poor family who aspires to own a doll (the cornea first tries to steal one, then invades the dreams of the little girl?) and a trio of puppies who, pushed once more by Satan, think only of causing harm and quarreling with each other. There is certainly imagination at work here, but it is applied with little rhyme or reason, while the global juvenile approach keeps the entertainment (unless the film is considered a guilty pleasure) go well at bay!
