This Santa Claus movie starts strangely and I think Santa Claus could be a pedo. Instead of the usual elf toy makers, this Santa Claus apparently kidnapped children from all over the world and had them sing a bit like "It's a Small World" characters! I suppose there are no laws on child labor on the strange astral plane on which he lives (it is apparently not the North Pole and not on Earth) !! None of these children seemed very happy and I continued to want to see the commandos intervene and save the Tykes, although I suppose for some third world children, these working conditions were perhaps an improvement over the sweatshop local. I hope all they do is sing and make toys. <br /> <br /> Then the scene suddenly changes to hell where many demons dance like in a Busby Berkeley musical. This fun is stopped by Satan who orders one of them, Pitch, to go to Earth to ruin Christmas !! Personally, I thought this movie had already done that! The devil and his goblins are actually quite cute - like the Harvey Comics Hot Stuff but with the evil goats! Or, if you are Puerto Rican, like a vejigante mask with a goatee! <br /> <br /> Somewhere, a poor Mexican child, named Lupita, a group of jerky children who want to steal Santa and a rich child are essential battlegrounds for the devil and Santa Claus! So, if the Prince of Darkness (and not Donald Trump, the OTHER Prince of Darkness) can make it fly and be mean, he will "win". What, we do not really know! In fact, as they root, you have the impression that the filmmakers intend that Santa Claus be Jesus - since he has all these great powers AND fights the devil at the expense of the soul of children! Later, Santa Claus meets his friend Merlin. He asks her to make him a special powder that makes dreaming sweet dreams. Given the laughter of Santa Claus in the movie (like a striped chipmunk), I guess he has to use this drug a LOT! He immediately goes to a blacksmith who gives him a magic key that opens ALL doors. Considering that he keeps his children as personal "assistants", this magic key worries me a lot! During Santa's walk, you'll see that Lupita behaves like a little angel - one less problem. Santa then takes the time to take care of the rich kid whose parents are selfish idiots. It gives them a sort of crazy cocktail that magically solves their problems - two problems solved. This is a rare case where alcohol and drugs help children and solve problems! And as for the little aggressors, he gives them coal! Frustrated by his defeats against Santa, Pitch then tries to steal the sled (pulled by a terrifying animatronic deer). When that fails, it destroys Santa's "magic powder" store! As a result, Santa Claus can not become invisible to avoid dogs and is pampered. Uh, oh ... how can Santa make a detour to the Betty Ford clinic if he's stuck in a tree ?! Will St. Nick come down from the tree and pull the monkey from his back or will the devils win? If you care, tune in and see. However, know that the movie is crazy about bats! <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is yecchy. Although it's in color, it's really loud. The music is mostly composed of an organ - which, along with the bad singing of children, produces perhaps the worst soundtrack I've heard from recent memory. And the story is just incomprehensible and very, very, very scary. The demons and a Santa Claus kidnapping children are simply phantasmagorical. It's a movie you should NEVER show kids, but it's a good movie to watch with friends so you can laugh at it from start to finish!
