Whether you are looking at the normal version of this monstrosity or the MST3K version, you can only be impressed by the absolute GALL that came into this production. Filmmakers insult the viewer's intelligence from one end to the other and, of course, do not care. <br /> <br /> Everything is at its best. Even the car of the 1950s in the flashback sequence of that time seems to have come out of a dump. <br /> <br /> The "hobgoblins" are, as you probably know, "made" with hand puppets badly stuffed; when a person is supposed to be attacked by them, it is clear that the toy is held by the victim on his own body. When the creatures move away from the two security guards, this is indicated (or rather, not shown) by the camera aimed at the guards as they lower their eyes and turn their heads as if they were watching the hobgoblins spinning to any speed. This is reminiscent of the scene of the film "Tangents" where two people are standing in the ruins of a future world, scanning the wreckage, and we are shown none. Budget constraints combined with total incompetence usually mean that nothing is worth showing, so why try? The "sets" were completely laughable. "Club Scum" was an obvious dinner; the house seems to have been a vacant house - probably for rent or for sale - that the production company bought for an hour or two to do the filming. The "spaceship" is something I would have been ashamed to build when I was 10 years old, model. <br /> <br /> The motivations of the characters make no sense - Kevin is denigrated by his valueless ungrateful girlfriend because he has not made her "proud of him". I'm sure this was meant to make their reconciliation oh so touching in the end, but any self-respecting guy would have told him to go to hell and leave it. Nick is supposed to be back from 2 months of military training (yes, nice regulation haircut, Nick) and seems to want to prove that our country is defended by sadistic and stupid animals who are maniacs of sex. Kyle is a phone-sex maniac in red shorts who dreams of a night with a dominatrix in spandex, but he is so effeminate that he is more likely to be gay than not to be. One of the girls is a prude and the other is crazy. And the hobgoblins? In the end, they all return to the safe where they have lived for 30 years. Why? Who knows? We do not care? Watch this film and be surprised by the primitive twist of modern cinema, with a silly script, incompetent direction, actors so bad that they would be rejected by a high school theatrical production and decors worthy of Edward. D. Wood, Jr.
