"House Of Evil", aka "Dance Of Death" from 1968, is the first of four recent strange and strange films starring the great Boris Karloff and directed by Jack Hill and Juan Ibánez. Unlike "Snake People" (1971), "The Incredible Invasion" (also 1971) and "The Fear Chamber" (1972), all of which were released after Karloff's death in 1969, "House Of Evil" was released in 1968 still alive. "House of Evil" is considered by many to be the worst of these four films, which are undoubtedly pretty rotten, but definitely worth entertainment as unintentional comedies. Personally, I prefer "The Fear Chamber" and "House Of Evil" to the other two, simply because the absence of any logic is even more extreme and there is no suspense in the films, the lack of logic increases the involuntary pleasure factor. <br /> <br /> The strange story (I do not know if I can really call it "plot") takes place somewhere in Europe in the 19th century. After the murder of some girls and the discovery of their eyes, Mathias Morteval (Karloff), an enthusiastic organ player, invites his last parents to his strange mansion filled with strange toys. Lucy Durant (Julissa), a fiancée of one of the police inspectors who investigate the murders, is part of her entourage. <br /> <br /> I will not give more details of this story, but I can assure you that it is perfectly normal. weird throughout the movie. There are some very entertaining moments, especially the words of Karloff's character. Boris Karloff was undoubtedly one of the most brilliant and important icons of the Horror genre of all time and he manages to attribute to this strange film a little bit of his greatness, and although (or because) his role is (due to a mediocre scenario and a frightening staging, it looks like he plays it deliberately with a sense of humor.) As in the successors of the movie "Snake People" and "The Fear Chamber", the main female role is played by Julissa again. <br /> <br /> Most of her performances are hilarious, the cinematography is terrible and the sets are under the disdain.The scenario lacks the least logic and the dialogue It's often meaningless, it's the poor story and the dialogue, however, that make this movie so much fun to watch. "House Of Evil" may be an extremely annoying attempt at a movie, but it's certainly (too unintentional) funny than bad. His fans of Ed Wood's films should be very amused, I personally found that hilarious. It's boring but entertaining anyway, and to watch absolutely because Boris Karloff is there and because of his fun side. 3/10
