The Fallen Ones began with archaeologist Matt Fletcher (Casper Van Dien) in the desert, discovering the mummified remains of a giant over 42 feet. Now, there is something you do not see every day. Matt works for real estate developer Morton (Robert Wagner) who wants to build a resort on the land and calls on fellow archaeologist Angela (Kristen Miller) for reasons I'm not sure I know. Either way, they both try to figure out what they have in their hands when some of the team members disappear, Morton calls Security Manager Ammon (Navid Negahban) to handle the situation. Meanwhile, Rabbi Eli Schmidtt (Tom Bosley) translates an old text (as he would do) and is shocked to learn a perverse prophecy in which these giants will rise up and take control of the world for the fallen, or something like this. It's up to Matt to save the world and the entire planet ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Kevin VanHook, who also plays a small role in the film as a former warrior leader at the beginning, personally thought that The Fallen Ones was a terrible movie and it was as simple and straightforward as that. There are so many things that are not happening at The Fallen Ones, both technically and conceptually, the script does not make much sense and it really does not start until the last 20 minutes at that time . I had almost lost the desire to live. The character is awful and as clichéd as you like, the dialogue is bad as in a very, very bad and the whole movie is predictable, I mean it's not going to be a surprise that Casper Van Dien will save the day, that's it ? It's not a big surprise that the mummified giant comes back to life, so why wait more than an hour in the film when most of the audience will be in a comatose state? It's bad, very bad. You have been warned. <br /> <br /> The director VanHook does not impress, the fight scenes are absolutely awful and why dress your bad guys a horrible purple hue? They look naff. To give it a little credit, the special effects on the giant mummy itself are good, although there are not many because it does not appear before more than an hour. There are also normal sized mummies that seem to have come directly from The Mummy's set (1999), they are unfortunately not used for the best effect and are actually lost as comic relief. The mechanical mom was a pretty good idea, but looked stupid and there is no way on Earth that all the people inside could work in sync to make it work, in fact, the more I think about the the idea that it's ridiculous. Forget about fear, tension or the atmosphere, and do not even think about gore or violence, because there is none. <br /> <br /> Technically, the Fallen Ones are nothing special and apart from the impressive giant mummy effects there is little of it to be excited. The ghost effects of computer graphics and water are terrible, it is done for television and its emissions. The acting was mediocre, Wagner looks embarrassed and that's probably the only thing Dien & Bosley can have today. <br /> <br /> The Fallen Ones is a bad movie, there are not two ways to do it as far as I'm concerned. Not recommended at all levels and in all ways, to avoid.
