The tragedy of the doomed ship Titanic has inspired many books and films. The battle between nature and technology has always drawn the imagination of man. The latest film about this tragedy of the Atlantic Ocean was written and directed by famed action film director James Cameron. The story of "Titanic" features two fictional characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) from different backgrounds (one is a hobo-artist, the other an aristocrat) and explains how their love triumphs over social barriers and from the tragedy of a sinking ship they happen to be. <br /> <br /> First of all, although using a historical name, this film is of little importance to the story. The plot was built around two lovers of fiction, French diamonds and treasure hunters. The death of more than a thousand people aboard the largest luxury ship of his day was no more than a background. Many historical facts have simply been forgotten. Where was the radio operator who ignored the iceberg warnings? Why was there no mention of the ship that was only 5 miles from the Titanic but did not come to the rescue because her captain did not identify the distress signal? To omit these facts is an insult to tragedy. And what was the point of confusing this historic disaster with a fictional cheese romance when the story is already as sad as it is. <br /> <br /> The plot in general was rather superficial; rich equals greed and corruption, poverty equals compassion and heroism. It is very ironic to spend $ 200 million to make a movie about money corruption. There was absolutely no human side in the anti-hero. It seemed like Billy Zane was playing the role of the devil. The cast was also very poor. If DiCaprio was 2 inches shorter than Winslet, you could swear she was her babysitter. The duration of the film was unnecessarily stretched to more than 3 hours. The first hour and a half was lost in establishing relationships between well-known characters long before they went to the theater, and the dialogue that was held there further exacerbated the situation. Hearing provocative phrases such as "I see you" and "This is my side of the ship" has generated more pain than the cries of people drowning. In addition, the jokes were too abundant and rather lame. <br /> <br /> "Titanic" featured moving scenes such as the one where the musicians played during the sinking of the ship, but they had no original approach. The best thing about this movie was its special effects, and that's the only thing that really deserved a prize. <br /> <br /> Although this film lacks artistic value in its general sense, the audience could not resist a romance story starring Romeo (DiCaprio), and so the film became a hit. Now, it is safe to say that the industry will be less reluctant to invest large sums of money in a single film, so it seems that "Titanic" has finally managed to do something.
