ELEPHANT WALK was a completely boring movie and I was really happy when a herd of elephants finally stormed the mansion and ended this movie. Given the money and the distribution, you certainly expect the film to be much better, although I also question the strange casting of Dana Andrews as a man in love with Elizabeth Taylor. It's not just the age difference but I just can not see the pair as a couple. It may be partly because of this that Miss Taylor was substituted for Vivian Leigh at the last minute (due to the deterioration of Miss Leigh's mental state) - even though I also have trouble visualize Andrews and Leigh. In addition, for an English girl, Miss Taylor does not even seem to be trying to use an accent. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Peter Finch and Taylor who meet and marry in England. Their plan is to return to Finch's tea plantation in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) and at first it seems like a good life. However, there are no women to talk to and the household staff seems to blame him. On top of that, once back home, Finch behaves like a rude fool and Taylor is miserable. Neighbor Andrews can see him and he declares his eternal passion for her. However, Taylor is not yet ready to give up her marriage. But, throughout the movie, Finch treats Liz more and more like an object and she is finally ready to leave ... when she comes out of nowhere, cholera strikes the plantation. Andrews, Finch and Taylor have to work together to save the situation - although at this point I do not care, because there is absolutely no chemistry between the characters, the dialogue is rather boring and you can not not understand. why Taylor did not leave her hubby husband a few days after arriving in this inhospitable hell. <br /> <br /> The film is not particularly engaging or convincing and despite a decent Paramount budget, the film is a morose mess. I was particularly surprised by the fact that, although the film seems to have been shot on location, many scenes were clearly shot in the studio with a poorly integrated rear (and grainy) shot. In one scene, for example, Taylor, Finch and the group sit on the veranda and the grass is bright green. Then, when the image shows people dancing in front of them, the grass is brown! It is clear that they are really not in Ceylon in this scene or in the scene of the giant reclining Buddha. My advice is to skip this one or at least keep a coffee pot nearby to keep you awake. Despite its budget, it's just not a very good or inspired movie. <br /> <br /> By the way, could Miss Taylor have been pregnant during part of this movie? In some scenes (especially at the beginning), she wears swollen clothes, has a double chin and looks puffy. This is not a criticism - after all, women get pregnant! But if you look closely, you will see what I mean. <br /> <br /> Also, the basic plot in many ways resembles GIANT - a great Taylor movie indeed! It's amazing how much casting and decent leadership can do a lot.
