After apprehending the person responsible for the murder of his leader, Deputy Sheriff Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, III, is responsible for bringing the murderer back to Italy. On the way however, the plane is diverted to Malta. Shortly after landing, the killer escapes. Now, with a little help from the Maltese police, Deputy Sheriff Geronimo is looking for a new murderer. But will its brand "justice in Texas" work in a foreign country? <br /> <br /> Let me talk about it as soon as possible, I saw Final Justice with and without the Mystery Science Theater 3000 commentary. I saw the cut scenes that help to make the film more coherent . And I saw the cut-out TV version used for MST3K. That said, I must admit that I much prefer the MST3K version. Why? Because Final Justice is an ugly film. The MST3K commentary helps make everything more enjoyable. It's all by itself a real action movie based on nerdy dialogues (often delivered with Italian accents so thick that it is impossible to understand), a bad actor, a weak direction, gigantic ground holes and almost bad movie. And if Final Justice was not so bad, that's fine, it would be a terribly dull movie on top of everything else so, yes, I appreciate MST3K's often very amusing comment about the bad film. <br /> <br /> My main points of friction with the commentary of MST3K and with most of the criticisms I read in Final Justice, however, involve the criticisms of Joe Don Baker.The main weaknesses of the Baker's performance has nothing to do with his size, his character's wardrobe choices, or any of the other jokes launched at him, but I think that's largely due to his size. to the wrong decision to put it in mind right from the start Joe Don Baker always seemed like a pretty decent actor, but he's not the kind of guy I would call an "action hero" we believe the imagination He is more of a sidekick as he demonstrated with performances solid in some James Bond films. Or if you really want to blame someone for the problems of Final Justice, point your finger at the director, Greydon Clark. Clark's CV can not be compared to Baker's. So I say, "Let go of Joe Don Baker!"
