Spiritual. Shifted. True. Surrealist. Butterfly wings? One could ask what all these words best describe, and some (those who are in fusion with the international film community) can quickly say Happenstance, but others can jump aboard the more American train and scream immediately, The effect butterfly. Strangely, I would be one of those who shouted for this science fiction film Kutcher, mainly because none of these words I mentioned at the beginning of this paragraph accurately describes the particularity of Tautou which I have witnessed Of course, we all loved her at Amelie's and thought she was the daughter of Jesus in The Da Vinci Code, but in this movie, the first director (of a feature film at least), Laurent Firode does not give Tautou the opportunity to shine. Unfortunately, it does not give anyone the opportunity to really manifest because it is too gently caught in the moments of "chance" to bring this film to something other than a shimmer (never a real boil). Firode has ample, and I use the word "amply" as a little word, moments throughout this film where he could have built us a fantastic story, a truly fanciful fairy tale about love and coincidences, but he fell face to face in the mud. - a bucket of chaotic interlacing that has overwhelmed us with inconsistent characters and a story that has left us breathless. <br /> <br /> The beautiful face of Tautou adorns the cover of this box, but do not get caught immediately, as I did in assuming that it was going to be another monumental trip in the French cinema of Tautou. Tautou is in this movie, do not get me wrong, but we could say that she is not at the center of this story. The work of Firode is to create a series of random events that will eventually lead to a nice ending for the public (even if it is confusing), thus illustrating the meaning of the word "melodrama" refreshing. It fails completely. Firode fails by giving us, to the public, too many characters. With too many characters, he gives us too many random interventions, and in the end, you do not really care who's who, what, or how; your main objective is centered only on the end credits and the destination in the time of their arrival. Tautou could have saved this film from the disaster if only Firode had given it the center. Alas, he did not, but he apparently tried to force a group of 12 people to cross a penny-sized, theoretical movie hole. It simply did not work and we ended up with a jam in which we were completely stuck. <br /> <br /> Firode fails because he focuses so much on minor details that, for one of those rare film occurrences, he really forgets the center of attention. I can say that there was no central goal defined for Happenstance. At first, he tries to create one with our two main characters supposed, discovering that they share the same birthday and that their horoscope promises love in the moonlight, but we will never come back throughout the film . Instead, again, we are bombarded with new characters, muddy scenes, and meaningless activities that are obviously chosen to move us away from a real story and even more into a world filled with "if and but". I could not do it. I could not believe this movie. The writer Firode (yes, the same guy who runs this garbage) uses such a primitive technique in this film that I immediately wanted to finish it immediately. He had to assume that many of us were unable to follow the scenario (or scientific premise) because he was relying on the help of a homeless person to fill the gaps. I did not need that, nor do I think that Firode needs to downplay its audience in this matter. Although there were other items that just did not seem to work for me (again, it looked like a scrambled collage of Parisian shredded paper), it was the icing on the cake. I do not need my hand through the movies. <br /> <br /> I will give a star to this film for credit. It is a kind of difficult to master successfully. Time travel movies are particularly difficult because of countless unexplained possibilities, but with Happenstance, it works, because Firode explores the different avenues in half. Even though I will counter by saying that he does not do it well, it took at least five full minutes of pleasure. I liked where Firode was heading with this movie, it had a truly schematic story, but the final run simply destroyed that movie. Firode could have saved this film if he had reinforced his characters, while illuminating his places and his story. I think my general mood of this movie would have changed if only these two simple directions were taken. Oh, how I only wish I could go back in time to produce this film to show Firode his mistakes. <br /> <br /> Overall, for the first time (and probably the last), it was a Tautou. movie I must say totally disappointed me. From the jerky opening to the apathetic end, I just felt that Happenstance had failed because of Firode's leadership and horrific marketing. Marketing is something I did not mention before, but why buy this film thinking it's an Amelie 2 (according to the title released in Hong Kong) and why put Tautou on the cover, knowing very well that she was not wearing this film at all. I believe that from the first minute that passed on my DVD player, this film was in bad shape. Although I applaud about it, everything else was well below mediocrity. I can not offer this film to anyone. <br /> <br /> Note: * on *****
