I am a big fan of violent cinema, which would never attack a movie because of violence or disorder. I consider "Cannibal Holocaust" as a masterpiece and will always defend controversial films like "Day Of The Woman" or "Last House on the Left" as true classics. Anyone browsing the comments of my other users will notice that I am very pro-violence / gore in movies. However, I think there should be at least one point to the violence. This piece of shit has no interest. The first film of the famous series "Guinea Pig", "The Devil's Experiment" (1985), is widely controversial, but unlike many other controversial films, this stinker has nothing to recommend. I must say that before seeing any of Guniea-Pig's films, I already felt that I would hate this one, knowing what it was. Because of its status as one of the most controversial films, I decided to see it. I am very happy not to have wasted money on this pile of shit, and I hope I did not waste my time with it either. <br /> <br /> The story of this thing (I do not even want to call it a 'movie'): It does not have one. Three scumbags torture a woman to death for 40 excruciating minutes. That's all. There is no artistic value, no "shocking" story, no suspense; nothing. Simply the disbelief that a film that shows NOTHING unless a woman is tortured for no reason enjoys a huge cult. It's disturbing, I give it to him. Of course, it is disturbing to watch a torture video for 40 minutes. What is more disturbing, however, is the fact that many people seem to regard this garbage pile as a kind of masterpiece. I really can not understand why. The fact that gore effects look realistic may not be the reason, I hope. The girl who plays the victim is not a very good actor and reacts very calmly to all the tortures. This makes the film less realistic, which in this unique case is a good thing. It's a film that is disgusting. not for his coolness, but for his dismissal, his existence for the sole purpose of showing 40 minutes of torture. <br /> <br /> I strongly oppose any form of censorship. Since it's 100% wrong and no one was hurt during its production, it is legitimate to make such a film. However, I can not think of a single reason why anyone would like that, other than the morbid desire to watch the suffering and pleasure of torture. The sequel to this movie "Flowers of flesh and blood" gained notoriety when actor Charlie Sheen confused it with a snuff film and informed the FBI. Fortunately, the film turned out to be a fake. Overall, "The Devil's Experience" is a fake torture / snuff film that seems to have the sole purpose of resembling a snuff film as much as possible. <br /> <br /> The worst movies I have ever had the misfortune of sitting. Do not torture yourself by giving this shit a try for its controversial status. Do yourself a favor and avoid it. Zero stars out of 10, I would like there to be a negative scale to correctly evaluate this pile of shit.
