When I read the summary of the film, something like what happens when a man gets the powers of a god, and how he later learns that to have supernatural powers requires a giant responsibility and strength, I thought that was an intelligent and original concept. The cast was also promising, Carrey, Freeman, Aniston ... How can a movie with a good idea and good actors, not to mention filming costs, be bad? It can. The idea is good, but the script and the story are terrible. Let's be honest, Bruce Nolan is a pretty mediocre journalist, with not really great stories (like a giant cookie story, what a faux pas and the Niagara Report is a complete fiasco!), It's a man with a job MERIT ( he is not a good journalist, he is a comedian), given his potential, with a beautiful house, a sweet girlfriend and OH HORROR !!!! Dog who is not trained at home !!! Yes, as soon as Bruce, at the beginning of the film begins to address GOd in a "God, why do you hate me!" the average viewer must think, "Why, what's wrong with your life, Bruce?" Bruce is not, and certainly NOT the man with real problems in life. Most of the problems that happen to him are minor and not really worth everything he does, and some of them are really just the result of his stupidity. Most people have very big problems that are worth the attention, most people deserve more attention than Bruce, who does not seem too human after all, does not even seem realistic, too awkward and neurotic, but God's always address him. Why? Although Morgan Freeman looks nice like a god, I can not help but wonder what he's doing in this particularly bad movie. And what does Bruce do when God gives him his powers? God in this film could just as easily give his powers to a 5 year old kid and there would be little difference. No, wait, a smart child would probably use his divine powers better than Bruce. What does Bruce do? Bring the moon closer to the earth to create a romantic atmosphere, separate the red soup, lift the pretty dress of a woman in the street, answer the prayers by e-mail and realize them all !!! No more, Bruce, please! What Bruce did could actually end the world, but in the film, it does not happen, because it's "nice, family, little movie" and it does not make sense! Not a hint of sarcasm, real humor, wit, some dirty humor at least !!! Nothing. Just Carrey plays silly, who begins to look pathetic about the middle-aged actor. Aniston here is underestimated. She plays the pale and undeveloped character of Bruce's girlfriend, Grace, and remains totally forgettable in this film. No one in the right mind would believe that these two have chemistry at all between them. When Grace recites a prayer for Bruce, it sounds not only lame and pathetic, but completely wrong. These two are not supposed to be together. I would give three stars, but I doubt that the film deserves one. Bad scenario, lame dialogue, lack of real humor, wit and sophistication, as well as underdeveloped characters and sober roles of Freeman and Aniston, utter lack of daring and sarcasm, all of which makes the movie is really not worth ***. But hey, there have been some fun moments and Freeman is always nice to see in all the movies, so let three stars.
