I saw this film in its first week in 1975. I was 13 years old and at that time, I found it adequate and somewhat amusing. I then came to discover Doc Savage's WORLD through the Bantam novels of the former Pulp magazine. I had no idea of ​​Doc's domain before that, but I soon became one of the most avid Doc Savage fans you could meet. I read (and still have) all the bantam books, I started going to the comics against (with Star Trek and Doctor Who and all kinds of geeky fat kid events) and I had a moment wonderful with every adventure I've taken with Doc and Philip Jose Farmer's book - Doc Savage's apocalyptic life has become a Bible for me and, to this day, I have very great feelings for my Doc phase. In saying that, I must admit years later that this film really missed the mark. It's a film that did not know what he wanted to be when he grew up. The scenario was childish and did not look much like Pulp's story. These stories of the 30s were brief and if we looked at the outline of Lester Dent (AKA Kenneth Robeson) to write them, they broke down into dramatic PERFECT 3 act that demanded a screen treatment. One would have thought that with George Pal and Michael Anderson at the helm, it would have been better. The parodic elements miss the target and the most serious moments almost succeed, but they fail. It's interesting to see, however, that they hired second-tier players (guys who were really just players and extras before this movie) who all perform very well. Paul Gleason, of course, has become a good public service player in all areas of entertainment and Bill Lucking is a perennial TV plant. All the others have unfortunately fallen off the map. I want to own a copy of this movie because it is the only movie version of my hero, but I'm afraid I do not watch it too much because it's too painful. I would say 0 but I give it 2 out of 10 instead for some of the art direction of the time (Doc's answering machine at the end was nice) and the distribution of the 3rd stingers is done in the sun.
