I dug it out and watched it tonight. Honestly, I think it must have been 20 years since the last time I saw it. I remember it was a seriously flawed movie. I do not remember that it's bad !!!!! <br /> <br /> I am absolutely dismayed that a project with so much potential has had to be abused in such a reprehensible way. Who am I to blame for this? The 2 guys who wrote (and I use this word vaguely) the script? Casting directors who have badly mixed up at least 3 main characters in the story? (Only 2 of them are part of the "incredible 5".) The director, who clearly refused to take it seriously, continued to screw up a horrible music over bad writing and bad play everywhere? (I liked the theme song - but it should never have been used throughout the movie!) Don Black, who should be ASHAMED in some of the lyrics he wrote for this music? <br /> <br /> It is clear that I should withdraw this less than a week after re-reading the comic adaptation. The first 15 to 20 minutes of the movie are more or less (actually, LESS) parallel to the first issue of the comic. As I watched it tonight, I kept wondering - why did almost every detail change? Doc appeared, then used his watch's remote control to open the safe and missed the 5-inch sniper's bullet from the refraction glass, which was about the same. I mean, if you are going to make an "adaptation", WHY in the name of God changes ALL ??? <br /> <br /> Once they leave Doc's seat, hardly anything resembles what was in the comic strip (which, given Roy Thomas, I think that probably follows the book). I read somewhere that they combined elements from two different novels in one movie. Once again-- WHY? I heard it was changed because they could not get the kind of budget they wanted. I watch the movie and I think ... THE SILVER LOSS NO NOAY explains what I saw on the screen! <br /> <br /> You know, when people complain about Joel Schumacher, they should really take a look at this thing. The best thing I can say is that I think the 1966 BATMAN feature would have an interesting dual feature, and probably an excellent triple bill with this one and the 1980 FLASH GORDON. The 3 movies are "stupid" . Maybe we can "blame" the 1966 film (and the TV series) for that. Over the years Some fans have complained over the years that BATMAN from Adam West has ruined the image of the soundtrack in the minds of generations of comic book lovers. I think the same thing could be said for Hollywood. I remember how many really, really BAD movies based on "classic" characters have been made over the years, especially (it seems to me) in the late '70s and early' 80s. Charlie Chan, Fu Manchu , Tarzan, Buck Rogers, Gordon Flash, The Lone Ranger - all "murdered" by Hollywood guys who think, "Oh, comics, so you know it's supposed to be STUPID!" More like they are the "stupid". What a waste of potential. <br /> <br /> Let me tell you some good things ... Despite the script and staging, Ron Ely is GREAT. When I read a DOC SAVAGE story, I do not think about James Bama's paintings, I think about Ely. Bill Lucking (who was later a regular at THE A-TEAM) is great. Eldon Quick (which I've seen elsewhere, but I do not remember where) is fantastic. Paul Gleason - that I absolutely hated with passion and revenge in THE BREAKFAST CLUB ("teachers" like the one he played should be banned from teaching anywhere), is perhaps the best of the "incredible 5" of the film. Pamela Hensley - although her role is almost unrecognizable from the original story - is great. Before I dropped her hair, I also realized that she looked a lot like "Ardala Valmar" of those awful bands of John Calkins BUCK ROGERS that I had just read the other day. She has a big nose like Ardala-, but not quite so pronounced. The Ardala comic book actually looked more like the 1936 film, Princess Aura- or Cher. Or maybe Streisand. Make your choice. (Ardala actually underwent a plastic surgery operation in the bands of George Tuska - after, she was stunning!) <br /> <br /> Paul Wexler, quite funny, I saw last week in an episode of GET SMART. I wonder if he looked a lot like the character he was supposed to play? I do not know, because this character was certainly not in the film whose title gets its title.
