After Watergate, Vietnam and the dark days of the Nixon and Jimmy Carter eras, the world needed a good old-fashioned chapter theater hero taking the venomous snakes and villains of 1936 America or the jungle of South America in a series of fantastic cliff adventures. Unfortunately, what he got in 1975 is Doc Savage, The Bronze Man. The best film by the last legendary producer, George Pal, may have been that Kenneth Robeson's often beautifully crafted, yet sadly flat adaptation of dough novels probably led George Lucas and Phil Kaufman out of the theater and into say, "We can do better than that," and adding a mixture, a worn Fedora, and some essential character flaws. <br /> <br /> Much of the problem lies in the fact that Doc Savage is even more hard to write so that Superman's explorer, adventurer, philanthropist, a scientific and intellectual genius in the bleached blond bleach bleach bleached body of a Greek god (or rather the Tarzan form of television, Ron Ely, a rather dull clone Charlton Heston), there is simply nothing he can not do and, more importantly, nothing that can hurt him.Man is the virtual incarnation of the Hitlerite ubermensch (he is not so no surprising that the DVD is only available in Germany!), but with entirely American values. And just in case there is something he would have forgotten (not as he has ever been), he does not have one but five acolytes in his entourage, the (less) Fabulous Five. A chemist, an electrician and even an archaeologist, I can accept, and even go so far as to see the possible need for a construction engineer, but what kind of hero takes a criminal lawyer with him on his adventures? In fact, Doc's brain trust was probably added because with the hero so tediously invulnerable and virtually perfect in every respect ?? even Kryptonite would not bother him - there had to be someone at risk in the stories, though with the exception of Paul Gleason, they're all horribly misrepresented and overplayed (like most parts of the movie), you To kill them all happily in the first titles. The villains do not get any better, Paul Wexler exhaling all the threat of a geography teacher as Captain Seas, Scott Walker (no, different) delivering one of the worst accents of cinema (is it supposed to be Scottish, Irish, Welsh, Greek, Pakistani or a nationality that no one has ever heard of?), while Marilyn Monroe-ish, silly blonde blonde Robyn Hilton, gives Paris (no relation) a race for her money in bimbo stakes without talent. <br /> <br /> Even with these disadvantages, it should have been much better considering the various ingredients ?? lost tribes, a puddle of gold, an aerial combat with a biplane and a deadly poison that comes alive, all in a quest to find out why Doc's father was murdered. Unfortunately, it's a question of tone: in the '60s and' 70s, paper-pulp superheroes were not lavish characters subject to action scenes and special effects at the cutting edge of technology but were treated as somewhat comical characters of low-budget entertainment with action scenes Spilled off almost after the fact, the movies were aimed only at the morning market: you know, for the kids. Long ago rumors that the original cut was more straight ?? and certainly much of the value of the camp was added in post-production, whether it's the Colgate flickers in Doc's eye, the comic legends identifying various fighting styles in the final battle with Captain Seas or the gung lyrics -ho from Don Black to John Philip The patriotic marches of Sousa ?? but there were a lot of things in the movie to start with. After all, it's hard to see how one of the bad guys who phoned from a giant cradle was supposed to be anything other than a joke, while Doc's explanation to Pamela Hensley about why he never attended girls could be a scene written for Batman Adam West. Instead, the most entertaining moments are usually purely involuntary, as when Doc displays its sixth sense by moving its Adam's apple. <br /> <br /> Perhaps an even bigger problem is that, although promising on paper, the action is whether it's to hunt an aboriginal killer on the skyline of New York skyscrapers or to escape to a yacht filled with villains. Even the winning notion of animated glowing green snakes swirling through the air as they poison their victims does not arouse any enthusiasm on the part of director Michael Anderson: after showing their own invulnerability a few scenes earlier, Doc manages to send them with only a chair and an electric fan simply pulling on the curtains. <br /> <br /> However, apart from the different vehicles of Doc bearing all its logo and its more plastic appearance than the bronze, the design of the production is often rather beautiful, even if It is very obvious that LA replaces New York while Fred Koenekamp's cinematography ensures that the film often looks good despite the small budget. And it's good to see a superhero movie that does not spend most of its time on an original story, even though Doc is thought to have formed entirely from Zeus's kidneys. even. <br /> <br /> It's a movie that I really like to love more, but it's like losing 100 minutes. No wonder Doc Savage, The Arch Enemy of Evil, the promised sequel with so much optimism in the closing credits, has never arrived.
