"The Amazing Mr Williams" is nothing special. Part of the problem of this film is its main actor Melvyn Douglas. He was an ugly and lazy actor with her. For most of his career, he has left his beautiful appearance, his casual manner and (generally, but not in this film) to write a refined script to compensate for his lack of acting talent. I did not like Douglas as an actor until I knew anything about him as a person; I learned enough about him to know that I also despise his policy. I would like to congratulate Melvyn Douglas for one thing: her chromosomes have produced incredibly talented and sexy actress Illeana Douglas. <br /> <br /> Melvyn Douglas made this film right after the brilliant movie "Ninotchka" ... calm down! 'The Amazing Mr Williams' is supposedly a comedy, but I never laughed. Douglas plays the role of a plainclothes detective on the Homicide Team, Kenny Williams. I have never heard of a police detective named Kenny, but if they called him Kenneth Williams ... well, what a carry-on. The whole city is in panic because a serial killer is killing women. No motive is given for this; he just likes to kill women. The mayor (Jonathan Hale, better than usual) calls Williams on the carpet to explain his failure to the killer. <br /> <br /> THE APPROACH OF SPOILERS. Joan Blondell plays the role of Mayor's Secretary. (She does not look literate enough to sort a letter, let alone the first guy.) Blondell and Douglas quarrel like a cat and a dog. It is obvious that they will finish together. <br /> <br /> At the bottom of this film, Melvyn Douglas decides to attract the assassin by disguising herself as a woman. You do not want to see Melvyn Douglas slipping! He is well over six feet tall, and he does not even shave that annoying mustache. Similarly, William Powell was a very similar actor to Melvyn Douglas (but much more talented). When Powell disguised himself as a woman in "Love Crazy," he had the integrity to shave his mustache: a real sacrifice, as Powell needed to grow up for his next role. But Melvyn Douglas brings nothing to his role in this film, not even a razor. He plays his drag scenes with the same boring smile that he has used throughout his career. <br /> <br /> On the plus side, "The Amazing Mr Williams" has many of those beautiful players who made the Hollywood movies of the 30s so delicious. Edward Brophy is brilliant here, touching and funny as a criminal who gets an unlikely reprieve from his life sentence. Donald MacBride, dyspeptic, is like a cop who gets confused with the murderer and is almost lynched by a crowd. Ruth Donnelly is gorgeous: as usual for her, but here she has the chance to show her talents away from her usual orbit on the Warner Brothers backlot. Jimmy Conlin, Luis Alberni and smile Dave Willock all agree very well in small roles. Barbara Pepper (which I do not usually like) is good here too. Maude Eburne, very unpleasant, goes on screen; I always hate her and she gives the same performance in all the movies ... but some audiences really appreciate the performance of a note from Eburne, for reasons that I can not understand. <br /> <br /> If you're familiar with the 1930s Hollywood character actors and the roles they tend to play, a quick look at IMDb's list of actors will tell you who the murderer. That's the problem with 'The Amazing Mr Wiliams': everything is too obvious. I will give 2 points out of 10 to this film.
