Even if you're a big fan of Sandler, do not worry about this extremely disappointing comedy! I bought this movie for $ 7.99, assuming it was at least half decent since Sandler is there and I suppose some women would undress (judging by the R rating and the slightly dressed women in blanket). Well, there are a lot of lightly dressed women, but none of them are naked. I'm not sure how much it was in Sandler's career, but I guess it was already before his SNL years. I could be wrong. It's like watching one of his movies at home. He might be able to watch a movie like this and remember the good old days ... but we (the public) are left to dry. It's not really a "movie"! Sandler talks a lot about the camera and even admits at one point that it's a "budget-free" film (indeed, it's not a low-budget film, a non-budget film). Our job is to laugh at some weird characters. There is no constant plot, it's like a series of comic sketches - but a rude and poorly written film. The guy who played the villainous comedian was completely boring and it was unlikely that he would receive such an audience. And Sandler finds his comic inspiration by saying the classic line of Henny Youngman, "Take my wife, please" and the audience is on the floor? I will not even try to make sense here. Of course, Sandler's current and recent films are not known for their meaning (the penguin in "Billy Madison", the dwarf in "Happy Gilmore") but the comedy works. It's a strictly amateur job, and even if you're curious about Adam's debut in film, it's still not going to interest you. You'd better check out his debut on SNL or maybe his underrated role in "Mixed Nuts". Of course, the Sandman is not the only player lost in this ungrateful vehicle. Billy Bob Thornton also makes a brief appearance, Billy Zane ("Titanic") has a supporting role and the great Burt Young ("Rocky" films) has an important role. <br /> <br /> This horrible comedy will probably pick up dust on the 99-cent rental section of your local video store - and rightly so. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
