Hollywood has now officially gone too far and I really hope this parody of film creates a real reaction back against their crappy machines, despite the good box office returns. If you're an industry member who reads our comments and you're looking for advice on what to do next, STOP STOP making our TV shows such disgusting, stupid and wasteful movies of wasted time. In doing so, you prove one thing: Hollywood is short of ideas and going to see the films they produce is only perpetuating the cycle of disgust. What's next - you guys are going to go and ruin the bionic man ?? <br /> <br /> The film is simply wrong, and manages to get the most stupid and simple fact of the series totally incorrect by forgetting (or ignoring) that Tom Wopat's Bo & Luke Duke and John Schneider were fools * REFORMED *. They had been broken, had learned the lesson, had gone straight, and were there to help people and be good neighbors who had been shooting dynamite arrows from hunting bows and driving like Steve McQueen. Uncle Jessie of Denver Pyle was also the moral center of the family, always insisting that the boys do good, even at their own expense or embarrassment, while he was preparing sandwiches and coffee for the rest of the year. housework. They always did what was right and had a kind of sincere naivety that pleased them. We wanted to be more like them than we were, somehow. My favorite gimmick in the series was how they always buckled up their seatbelt before flying away, which was apparently too moral for this movie. <br /> <br /> By transforming the Duke family into a pack of thirsty, devious and criminal madmen, Redneck Baiting, Misogynistic Losers The film has no moral point of view, where the show spoke about the degree of Duke's Honesty or Uncorrectability - Are Duke's Boys in this movie supposed to be good? I wanted to hit them both in the nose. They seem to have plenty of free time to do household chores on the farm and end up with bad things if they do not behave like two 14-year-old boys who have not grown up. There should be no marijuana use, no stunned look, nubile female students and their breasts, no shenanigans involving da Hood's brothers. All of this looks like the job of a marketing consultant who has polled at the mall what 14-year-old boys like to see in movies. The problem is that 14-year-old boys can not remember the series, IMHO should not see this movie either, and parents who might feel nostalgia for the show will be disgusted by the fact that screenwriters, directors and producers have made our collective memory. just to separate us from our money, that's exactly how I feel. What were they thinking ??? <br /> <br /> And then, they * never * were wrong, Daisy. Jessica Simpson any doll like a Pamela Anderson Mall slut is perhaps the only reason why anyone see this shame, but you can meet your needs accurately by uploading some promotional pics of her, by printing them and pinning them to the wall in a toilet. She is barely in the film (which is the only grace that saves), and about ten minutes of her use was ALWAYS excessive. Catherine Bach's daisy may have had the same kind of panties and long legs that make people feel funny looking at her, but the daisy she played was a * PERSON *. The gestures she evoked by simply being what she was have an almost natural sound. She remains one of the most outrageously sexy icons of pop culture ever created, but there was someone at home. And more importantly, it was a gentle and caring person who could not help it if the guys would inflict Ga Ga on him. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Jessica Simpson appears as a fake person, invented, makeup, costume, posed, distant, bored, moved, and I do not even think she is as beautiful in this outfit. She does not look like a person, but a conspiracy invented during a transaction with a person representing his agent. Mrs. Simpson would be well advised to fire that person immediately and pretend that nothing had ever happened. Whatever the joke, she is not aware and is exploited scandalously for T & A. If that's all she wants from her career, the management will produce the result, if only to make sure that you have at least enough time on the screen, because this effort was only pathetic. <br /> <br /> The essential thing is SKIP IT. For the price of two tickets and a take-out Slurpee, you can pick up one of Warner Bros.'s excellent gift sets. containing the original DVD shows and the whole family can watch them together. That's why it worked. The only real objective I can see in the film might be its future use as an interrogation tool at Guantanamo Bay. Twenty minutes of that and they will sing a choir. <br /> <br /> 1/10, and I really think so. And stay away from the bionic man, you schnooks.
