In Hazzard County, Georgia, cousins ​​Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville) and their cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) direct Moonshine to their uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson) while avoiding local authority, Boss Hog (Burt Reynolds). Their problems with the boss are just beginning as they learn that he has plotted to strip the city for valuable minerals found underneath. <br /> <br /> I have never seen the TV show and after watching the movie, I'm not going to start anytime soon. I like stupid comedies but this one did not offer a lot of laughs. It was a pretty boring picture, the first hour being very difficult. The second part was a little better but this film was a missed opportunity. The film was too centered on Bo and Luke. The characters in general were not very interesting and the actors who described them did not do a very good job. <br /> <br /> The acting game was not very good. I did not expect it to be good in the first place, but none of the tracks were really fun. Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville perform below average. The latter was very good as Stifler but he is doing too much effort here. The latter just seems to be looking for a salary and nothing else. Jessica Simpson is not known for her role as an actress nor for her singing. She is famous for having her own reality show and for saying really stupid things. She is pretty but she is a weak actress. It does not matter, because it does not really appear in the movie and the character she plays is not complex or anything. Willie Nelson also has a minor role and does nothing special. <br /> <br /> The screenplay was written by John O'Brien and he directed two films before the Dukes of Hazzard. The first was Cradle to the Grave, which was normal. The second was Starsky and Hutch, which was pretty funny. It does not do a good job here because the story is messy. He also forgot to add jokes and a few other things that could have improved the way this movie works. The film is also long enough for a comedy. Okay, 106 minutes is not very long, but it's a lot longer because there is very little humor in the first hour. I think the comedies have to stay short, otherwise they have to find a lot of material to cover the entire duration of the film. The Dukes of Hazzard have barely enough fun gags to keep him for thirty minutes and even less 106 minutes. The car sequences were average and they do not save an already troubled film. In the end, Dukes of Hazzard may please a few people, but most people will probably find it boring and you better skip it. Note 4/10
