The cinematic metamorphosis of old television series seems to be the norm in Hollywood these days, but this foul disrespectful language, toilet humor, foul language, kisses-your-mother-with-this-mouth, is a flagrant finger. all fans of the Hazzard Dukes north and south of the Mason-Dixon line. From the opening sequence of Bo and Luke Duke making a ruthless run for Uncle Jesse (nothing would shine in the series because it would put boys in prison for violating parole) to the closing sequence of smoking Uncle Jesse of grass with the governor of Georgia (Uncle Jesse was the moral compass despite his mellow manners) this disappointing movie wasting is an open insult. I can not tell you how many parents I saw got up and took their children out of the theater in the first 15 minutes of the movie when they realized that they had been horribly deceived. The Original Dukes of Hazzard was a family show with fundamental moral values. The Original Dukes of Hazzard was a child safe from risk, led by Hemi, a fun demonstration that parents did not have to worry about teaching George Carlin's seven words, their children. I read reviews claiming that the series and the movie are only racist. These commits could be correct about the movie. These commits are ABSOLUTELY incorrect about the show. The show, if anything, was about how to get along and be friends with someone. Hollywood has finally publicly announced its disdain for those of us, Yankee, Rebel or other, who always believe in honor, loyalty, trust, family and good, even if it's not the thing the most popular. Hollywood has finally brought to light its belief that those of us who live in the heart of the country are stupid, uneducated, who drink beer, who make mouth, waste who will buy any waste they are willing to sell. Prove Hollywood elitists that they are wrong. Do not go see this movie. Boycott the sponsors. Fill in the email and mailboxes of Warner Bros. with complaints that we do not appreciate that they are destroying one of the greatest television shows of all time. Save your money and buy the DVDs of the original show, but whatever you do ?? DO NOT GO TO SEE THIS FILM
