When I heard that the dukes of Hazzard were going to be redone with current actors and a solid scenario, I said to myself: "Okay, I'm going to give a chance, it's not going to be better than the first, but we'll see what happens "Well, I saw what happened. I saw a great show from the late 70's / 80's, classic, humiliated by Hollywood. It's so sad to see that Hollywood screenwriters can not come up with something original these days. They seem to be taking a big show that has a terrific target audience and trying to "REMAKE" the classic series. HEADS UP Hollywood ... THAT DOES NOT WORK !!!! Anyway, more about the show. I think they could have had a better actor than Sean William Scott (Stiffler of American Pie) to play Bo. I'm sure John Schneider is definitely disappointed with the way his character has been portrayed and exploited. In addition, Get for real, Johnny Knoxville, as Luke Duke. How far can you go ?? An idiot shit actor to play lovable Luke. It makes me sick. Also, I'm going to give Jessica Simpson is a beautiful woman, but her acting is nil. Catherine Bach, who played the original Daisy, was smart, sexy, strong, insightful and a good girl from the southern United States. She was every little girl model growing up! (I owned the doll and the jeep - thank you very much !!!) Anyway, Jessica Simpson played a smart, slutty 2-bit bitch like Daisy Duke. Daisy has never been blonde. Why did they have to throw it? Jessica Alba would have played an excellent Daisy Duke. She can speak with a great southern accent, she is beautiful and would have done a great job. Anyway, I would like to say that this movie blew something fierce. I feel like I was scammed by paying $ 8.50 for tickets and they should pay me back. If you like the Dukes of Hazzard (the original series), do not see this movie. It'll just upset you. CMT (Country Music Television) broadcasts reruns of the Dukes later in the night. So set your TIVO and go for reality, not for imitation on the big screen in Hollywood.
