Some time back in 1998, Saban acquired the production rights for a new series of Ninja Turtles live action scenes. Naturally, being a fan of TMNT at the time obviously attracted my interest. So when I started watching the show ... saying I was disappointed with the end result, that's an understatement. Some time later (a bit like recently), I had the chance to come back on the series. <br /> <br /> First, let's talk about some of the positives. They managed to recreate the Tortoises hideout as it was last seen in the movies, given the limited budget allocated to this activity. There is usually a darker atmosphere when it comes to sets and so on. And the turtle's costumes, though not the most beautiful piece of puppets and everything else, were functional and seemed pretty robust for most of the actions that would follow in the series. <br /> <br /> People tend to complain about getting rid of Shred it quickly and replace it with those original villains that could easily have been used in a Power Ranger show. But you can only beat Shredder so many times before getting bored and undermining his worth as a villain ... and by the way, most fans do not realize or remember or simply ignore the fact that in the original comic, the shredder was launched in the very first issue! No matter how many resurrections would follow. Personally, I was so glad that they got rid of Shredder, because the anticipation would develop to the point where they would eventually bring it back in a later episode. I find that Shredder works better in small quantities, because its encounters with turtles are all the more memorable. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, they end up replacing it with those nasty originals that, as it was said, seemed more fit for a Power Ranger show than a Ninja Turtles show. And with these new magical generics, a new female turtle, the famous Venus De Milo. I will be honest; I have never been comfortable with her. I am not against the idea of ​​a female turtle; I'm just against the idea of ​​a person who uses magic and stands out as an uneasiness within a clan of ninja turtles that seems a bit out of his field. I almost get the impression that it could easily have been Venus De Milo's show about his fake enemies and that the TMNTs are only there to give power to the star (or whatever was left in view of the time of publication). Fortunately, they share all the spotlight together. <br /> <br /> Next Mutation was boxed after a broadcast season and the creators were more than happy to ignore it. With time and perhaps another season, I really believe that this live iteration of TMNT could have been something and could have had a chance to succeed. But while the idea was good, the execution was imperfect (although there are some good episodes in this series). In the current state of things, Next Mutation is one of those oddities of the turtle that is best left buried and forgotten.
