Dr. Hackenstein begins at the turn of the last century, in 1909 "The Dawn of Modern Medical Science." Dr. Eliot Hackenstein (David Muir) is about to rejuvenate his experiments on living tissue. Dr. Hackenstein manages to bring back to life a skinned rat, which confirms that he managed to bring back the dead to life ... It's now "Three years later" and Dean Slesinger (Micheal Ensign) surrenders at the Doc for dinner. While Dean Slesinger and Dr. Hackenstein eat, they talk about Hackenstien's experiences that Dean Slesinger has always opposed. Dr. Hackenstein shows his lab to Dean Slesinger in his attic where he keeps the cut-off head of his wife Sheila (Sylvia Lee Baker), deceased. in an unfortunate "accident" & can talk to her telepathically (Christy Botkin apparently provides Sheila's voice). Dr. Hackenstein also shows Dean Slesinger a chicken in his cage and explains that with the process he has developed, he will bring Sheila back to life. The dean makes a crisis and apparently dies. Meanwhile, sisters Wendy (Bambi Darro and Dyanne DiRossario) and Leslie Trilling (Catherine Davis Cox) as well as their brother Alex (John Alexis) and their cousin Melanie Victor (Stacey Travis) drive near Hackenstein's house when they arrive. collapse, they seek refuge and assistance. & arrive at the door of Hackenstein. Dr. Hackenstein invites the four stranded travelers to stay for the night. Later, Dr. Hackenstein is visited by two grave robbers, Xavier (Logan Ramsey) and Ruby Rhodes (Ann Ramsey), who deliver a male body while Hackenstein really needs feminine pieces for Sheila. Dr. Hackenstein is his genius and decides not to let three beautiful specimens pass. He begins to borrow the pieces he needs to complete Sheila ... <br /> <br /> Written and Directed by Richard Clark I was pleasantly surprised by Dr. Hackenstein. I will say right now that it's not great, but I liked what it was. It is moving at a reasonable pace, although it tends to go slightly down the middle of the phase, as things stabilize. The screenplay tries to mix the blinding humor as a scene where Dr. Hackenstein tries to contain Melanie and she tries to draw the attention of her deaf governess Yolanda Simpson (Catherine Cahn) by expelling & Hackenstein keeping Melanie behind the back of Yolanda who seems unconscious. with a touch of gore, but I would say that Dr. Hackenstein is more a comedy than horror in design and usability. There are also tasteless word games and sexual insinuations that always please, from Dr. Hackenstein to Wendy "Do you want to see my instruments" for example? I also thought that the scene where Mrs. Trilling (Phyllis Diller) reported her missing daughter to the perplexed inspector Olin (William Schreiner) was a pretty amusing sequence describing in a circle why he was not looking for them while 'said why the cell did not contain a prisoner and that if he did not find the cousin, he should not worry about it. None of this is flat, but I must admit that I found myself smiling occasionally and that the film as a whole was quite amusing. There are not many screens on the screen, a few cut members, Sheila's beheaded head, some medical seams and those animals with skin that are definitely fictional. I also liked Dr. Hackenstein's characters, which was a surprise in itself. The acting is not brilliant, but to congratulate everyone, they put a lot of effort, a lot of exaggerated facial movements and some serious over-exploited meaning that it's never boring. Dr. Hackenstein's three birds are in shape, if you know what I mean. Technically, the film is also correct. Once again, he will not win an Oscar, but I must give at least a credit to the filmmakers for attempting to make a turn of the century turn. It does not always work, clothes sometimes disagree, girls look like Victorian England, while boys look like Western ones. The house seems to act as if all the filmmakers did was remove a modern object from the room and put some candles on it! It seems a bit cheap, but it's really not a bad movie at all. Could have done without comedy music though. Overall, I ended up appreciating Dr. Hackenstein much more than I thought, although this is not a recommendation in itself. It's certainly not the best horror comedy ever produced and it's certainly not the worst either. A pretty fun piece of harmless fun.
