Apparently, there is a very good reason why I have never heard of "Dr. Hackenstein" before me and some friends stumbled upon it and stupidly decided to give it a shot. This reason is: it sucks! It is a comedy / parody of horror very useless, dull, imbecile and totally immemorable. In fact, to be honest, I'm not even sure it's a comedy, because sometimes the screenplay takes itself very seriously and does everything possible to be an original and ambitious horror film of the late 80's In 1909, at the dawn of a new era of medical science according to opening sequences, Dr. Elliot Hackenstein needs exactly three women ?? No more no less ?? to refurbish his beloved wife whom he accidentally killed. She is no more than a living head, but the stupid body thieves only provide male corpses. So, when Dr. Hackenstein shouts, "I need three female bodies to bring back my wife," her words are not even cold and three miracles miraculously appear (three young women (and one really boring kid) with problems At the doorstep, why does this never happen to me? "" I need a group of sexy and voluptuous women to fill my empty harem !!! " In any case, the good doctor sees his wish fulfilled, but unfortunately for the science it is he develops sympathy for one of the three girls. Dr. Hackenstein is a lame film that tries to shoot take advantage of the success of "Re-Animator" and even blatantly steal some of the comedic aspects of this classic, such as a cut head that speaks at once, it's easy to understand why this movie is never mentioned anywhere, because it does not please fans of comedy or horror genre. funny is undoubtedly the pilgrim aloud Ruby; Anne Ramsey, antichérubie. Horrors of the 80s will certainly remember her in "Deadly Friend" Wes Craven, where she played the bad old neighbor witch decapitated by a basketball. "Dr. Hackenstein" would have occurred in the early 1900s, but there is virtually no attempt to recreate the atmosphere of that era (except perhaps for some automobiles). Dr. Hackenstein's lab is a pretty cliché set of the '80s, with all kinds of smoked cauldrons and test tubes filled with fluorescent colors.
