The 1963 version of "The Haunting" is one of my favorite horror movies for years. So I anticipated the release of this 1999 remake with a lot of concern. It hardly seemed that any follow-up could exceed or even match the original masterpiece. Unfortunately, my concerns were well founded: this film stinks. <br /> <br /> I do not know what people involved in this movie thought. Jan De Bont, who seemed to have had a stroke of luck when he led the excellent "Speed", was just as bad (or maybe even worse) than he did with the runaway "Twister" and "Speed" 2: Cruise Control. "Hey Jan, stick to cinematography, do not you? Liam Neeson is playing his role as a psychologist claiming to be a doctor - I do not think he's capable of producing a really bad performance - but even he can not save a lame story and weak story. Catherine Zeta Jones proves once again (as she did in "Hinder") that she does not have the acting ability to rise above the material given to her. The female star, who played well in an episode of "The X-Files", seems lost here as Eleanor, an insomniac hovering at the edge of mental health. And that blond guy, whoever he is, is more wood than the ridiculously strange statuettes of children carved in the woodwork around the house. I do not think it changes expression once throughout the movie. <br /> <br /> The reason the first movie worked as well was that we never knew if house was really haunted or if the protests were the result of Eleanor's precarious mental state. In reality, we do not see any spirit in the original, which leaves much to the imagination - characteristic of other horror films such as "The Changeling" and "The Blair Witch Project". In this updated version, we have of course tons of CGI ghosts, which make the film completely indecable (facing a scenario / low scenario). The f / x are not even so great, considering that they were made by ILM. The icy breath looks particularly wrong. The effects in Peter Jackson's underrated film "The Frighteners", which I saw just before this one, were much better. The wooden sculptures of the children, who are supposed to look scary, just look ridiculous (especially when they scream), and the CGI monsters are not enough to miss at home. Rather than providing relief from bad acting, bad direction, and bad writing, the effects only add to this clutter of film. <br /> <br /> Some particularly stupid scenes: When the other three characters enter Eleanor's room, and none of them seem surprised at all to see a huge scowling demon hovering over the bed. The scene where Eleanor "sees" the old lady of the house hanging from the rafters ... the game here is particularly painful. And last but not least, the involuntarily hilarious piece where Wooden Blond Guy utters an uninspired scream of what is supposed to be anguish, jumps on a piece of furniture and begins to reduce the picture of the evil old man who built the house. A few seconds after his attack, Blond Guy is dragged to the fireplace by the ghost of the old man and is quickly cut his head by the fireplace. It was the only part of the film that I appreciated. <br /> <br /> In summary, stick to the 1963 original "The Haunting". 3/10 stars.
