The Haunting, if you've seen the original, you know a beautiful ghost story, it's perfection on film. It's a haunted story of 4 people entering a haunted house and with the simple trick of sound and movement, it terrifies people. It still remains effective so far if you enjoy the cinema. So, when The Haunting was redone in 1999, many people have pretty much the same reaction: "WHAT? WHY? WHAT?" But in my opinion, if a remake is respectful enough and just wants to reinvent the story for the new generation, I'm pretty cool with that. That's really not the case, it's just a disrespectful and boring disgrace that will waste your time and I guarantee you it will not scare you ?? pfft! PG-13, what were they thinking? Not many apparently. <br /> <br /> When her mother dies and her sister deports her, Nell receives a phone call announcing an advertisement for a study on insomnia led by Dr. David Marrow at Hill House, an isolated mansion. Upon arrival, Nell meets Mr. and Mrs. Dudley, a strange couple of guards who do not stay on property after dark. Shortly after, two other study participants arrive, Theo Wild and Luke Sanderson, "The Bad Sleeper", with Dr. Marrow. Unknown to the participants, Dr. Marrow's real goal is to study the psychological response to fear. Each night, the guards chained the door outside Hill House, preventing anyone from entering or exiting until the morning, when the guards opened the lock. There is no active phone inside Hill House and the nearest town is several miles away. Dr. Marrow reveals the story of Hill House. The house was built by Hugh Crain. Crain built the house for his wife, hoping to fill her with a large family of children. However, all of Crain's children died during the birth. Crain's wife committed suicide before the house was finished and Crain became a loner. The first night, Theo and Nell begin to experience a strange phenomenon in the house, including strange noises and inexplicable temperature changes. Nell is confronted after the main hallway has been vandalized with the words "Welcome Home, Eleanor", and becomes extremely distraught, seeking to prove that the house is haunted by the souls of those victims of Crain's cruelty. She learns that Crain built his fortune by exploiting abducted children for forced labor and murdering them when they were no longer useful to him. He then burned the bodies in the fireplace of the house to hide evidence. She also learns that Crain had a second wife, Carolyn, of which Nell is the descendant. Everyone thinks she's crazy while Nell is convinced that's where she belongs. <br /> <br /> Seriously, I suggest you stay away from this movie, it's really stupid and useless. Not to mention the actress Nell played, Lili Taylor bored me completely, her performance, her look, just everything about her, do not get me started in activities that I would simply not see her in the cinema. Catherine Zeta Jones was just not part of her role and Liam Neeson, a wonderful actor has lost her talent again. The effects are well above and too computerized, I just can not believe they would break a classic with this crud. Believe me, if you're going to be scared of something, do not be afraid to see how you can turn a beautiful ghost story into a boring idiot of exaggerated stupidity. Oh, this movie is already hurting me, but do not see it, it's bad. <br /> <br /> 1/10
