For all who have seen and fallen in love with the musical A CHORUS LINE, the film is a substandard substitute. Not only are the songs cut off, but useless twists are added, new dance sequences are choreographed and, let's face it, Richard Attenborough simply does not know how to film dancers. <br /> <br /> On stage, Michael Bennett's A CHORUS LINE was just that: Michael Bennett. His idea, his choreography, his direction, his gift to Broadway and the rest of the world. It's two hours of hard-hitting realism that really made you feel what you feel for these "boys" and "girls". However, the film lacks empathy and depth: the actors seem to audition for A CHORUS LINE rather than auditioning. Every movement, every line of dialogue seems so weighted and planned; Michael Douglas, in particular, because Zach is too in control for us to think that he is this extraordinarily bitchy choreographer. Even when he throws his tantrums, you never quite believe him, because every gesture, every accented word, every nuance is obviously repeated. And so he does not dance: Kevin Kline auditioned for Zach's role on Broadway. Michael Bennett loved reading, but Kline could not dance and ended up losing the role. How I wish they did the same for Douglas! A CHORUS LINE is supposed to be a show on nothing, and apart from a few recognizable faces (Vicki Frederick, who played NewsRadio's Cassie on Broadway, Sheila and Khandi Alexander, as one of the many dancers auditioned), you are not supposed to know any of these people. Because you know these people. Having a star in any of the roles is a terrible decision: when you focus on Michael Douglas and his speech, instead of focusing on online girls and boys and their stories, you lose something. <br /> <br /> a real shame that the best sequence of the series (Editing: Hello Twelve, Hello Thirteen, Hello Love) is drastically cut to make room for a new dread song called "Surprise, Surprise" which surprisingly received an Oscar nomination. Cassie's "dance in the mirror" has a new song and a tragically boring choreography - one wonders why they bothered to shoot a movie version if they were going to play with so much work. <br /> <br /> For the fans of the musical theater and those who liked the scenic version, this film is a sad mockery of everything they loved and loved. For those who have never seen the original production, either on Broadway or on tour, this film is the only reference they will face. And they will have to wonder how became the oldest musical in Broadway history - until a little show called CATS overtakes it in the late 1990s. But THAT is a different story, and not do not even throw me there.
