I am not a stage purist. We could have made a film of this piece, which would almost necessarily require changes ... like this, like that. But the modest conceptions of this material are lost or misunderstood by the creators of the film who are in "super-blockbuster" mode. It would be hard to imagine a worse director. Maybe only Josh Logan and Jack Warner could have spoiled it in the same way as Attenborough. <br /> <br /> On stage A chain of chorus was a triumph of the workshop as a method of production. The dancers who answered a casting call found themselves sitting around shit about their career experiences in the theater (very 70 years old!). Then Bennett and Hamlisch took a little time, gave them a song and introduced them as themselves. ... amazing! Incredibly modern. The "story" of ACL aims (in turn) to answer a casting call for a play that we never have a complete vision, because the play does not matter. It was a meta before the idea was invented, 25 years before adaptation, tied by a similar idea. ACL was also part of the reductivist trends still alive and characterize modern creativity: this technique is convincing in itself ... there is more drama in the life of an ordinary person that you could not synthesize with invented characters. What a benevolent idea. The room had a space of representation (an empty scene) and three different ways to modify the background, to relieve visual boredom, not to distract the spectator. The space recedes and the stories of actors are brought to light. It worked well. It was the goal. All these ideas are trampled or bastardized. Regarding the decor, there was none, and no suit either before the dancers come out for their ultimate salvation, in which the exhilarating "One" is finally, powerfully, interpreted in full (high) hats and tails, with movements we recognize because we watched them during workouts. The repressed anxiety of the play is loosened - and the audience went crazy. <br /> <br /> After Grampa has abused it, it's like a muscular, strangled bird. He clearly has in mind the soonest, respected, All That Jazz (and the Pit play, Dancin ') in his choices. Hamlisch's score was annoying and interesting for now, but the weather was not good. It's as schmaltzy as "jazz hands". And that's before Attenborough never touches him. He is remarkable in finding all that remains good and stirring it. <br /> <br /> A simple question might have helped Attenborough during the shoot: "Could I stand to spend a few minutes with people like this?" A major problem for any adaptation of the play is how the 4th wall of the theater (crucial for its absence from the theater) would be addressed in the format of the film. There has never been a more "frontal" game. The answer they found was, "I'm sorry .. what was the question?" The cast was augmented by a manageable number of unique stories to a crowd choking on each other and hitting the audience and merging with each other. I had passed my threshold of irritation when this boring little runner crossed the stage on a rope, clowns in front of the public (absent). The play made you understand the theater people. This film just makes you want to smother them. <br /> <br /> Perhaps Broadway tends to be boring and the characters walk directly to the center of the stage and sing their stories in front of the audience (The Miz, Miss Saigon) instead of telling characters right here. But the worst awakening imaginable in the room will make you feel more alive than this movie. <br /> <br /> A line of chorus is pure schlock.
