On Broadway, A Chorus Line was pure magic. From the second opening of the show with a spectacular explosion of energy to the grand finale, a joyous call from all the members of the choir we learned to love during the show, we were totally engaged - captivated by the stories extremely personal. , some funny, some intelligent, some touching of this line of refrain. The film is another matter. The focus is now on the director - and what an ogre he is! Every time the film goes to Michael Douglas, he is with a bitter and sour expression, barking questions and orders, screaming and screaming whenever he gets the chance. Yuck !! This changes the dynamics of the story. On Broadway, the director was certainly an imperative presence behind the scenes, but it was also a kind of theatrical way of telling the stories of these incredible members of the choir line strong / fragile / intriguing / hilarious with insight and clarity. There is a reason why this work won the Pulitzer Prize! And in fact, in one of the rare moments when the director appears, he is there to comfort the young Puerto Rican dancer after hearing the heartbreaking story of this dancer. He seems to finally express his true affection / concern for Cassie again. But in the film, from the Douglas' second director begins to bark bitterly orders, the stories of the choir line members become secondary. It's as if they're in a lousy job, where a jaded director instead of showing the joy of creating a new exciting theatrical show is jaded, exhausted, furious at having to audition these chorus members. On stage, there was ALWAYS the excitement of the show. From the beginning of the movie, you feel sorry for everyone. During the musical, we desperately wished good luck to each of these choir members, and how happy we would be if everyone had got the job! But of course, that could not happen. But in the finale, when they all came back in glorious costume with these incredible mirrors on the stage, sometimes reflecting us in the audience, in our hearts, and we know, also in the hearts of all those chorus members accepted and rejected, they were always on stage and dancing in a profession they loved so much, bringing magic to the theater. In the film, after all the misplaced stories and emphases, this magic is totally diluted. All we think (even with exactly the same call) is that some members have been hired by a mean manager. So they all come to the screen and dance again. Big deal.
