For those who have never seen A CHORUS LINE on stage and have only been exposed to the story, this film is acceptable as a musical, nothing special, just OK. I saw the show four times on Broadway and even auditioned once for a touring company and for someone who memorized the original production. The 1985 film version is so terrible on so many levels that I do not even know where to start. First of all, for those who have never auditioned for a theatrical production, let me assure you that when you audition an IRL play, the director, producer and choreographer never ask personal questions and do not do not make fun of why you wanted to become an artist. A real theatrical audition, whether for a play or a musical, rarely takes more than five minutes. If you are auditioning as a dancer, you are shown a 64-step dance jumpsuit once. You do it, then they decide immediately whether you are or not. The original concept of Michael Bennett's series was to give life to the dancers and introduce the uninitiated to the passion of the show and why so many sacrifices were made for so little. The play speaks of these dancers. First of all, director Richard Attenborough has so focused the attention of the dancers by reinforcing the relationship between Cassie and Zach and designating Michael Douglas as Zach. In the room, you NEVER see Zach ... it's just a voice in the back of the theater and his relationship with Cassie is barely mentioned. Cassie showed up in the taxi in traffic trying to get to the audition and talking to Larry (a character who is not even in the room) was added to the movie and diverted attention from the subject. The main music numbers have been cut or redesigned. The first issue of "I Hope I Get It" shows all the dancers doing a combination of jazz and ballet, then the people are eliminated. In the film, they put together three hundred dancers on stage and show them in close-up to hide the fact that they have in the film characters who do not know how to dance (can you say "Audrey Landers"). "Goodbye 12, Goodbye 13, Hello Love", a brilliant vocal exploration of the dull childhood memories of these dancers has been reworked as "Surprise, Surprise", mostly a vehicle of the late Gregg Burge in the role of Richie. The show's most famous song, "What I Did for Love", which in the series was a touching allegory sung by the entire cast about what they give up to dance, simply becomes another song of Standard love in the film, played wearily by Allyson. Reed like Cassie. Jeffrey Hornaday's choreography for the film is dull and unimaginative and does not fit in with Michael Bennett's original staging. When making a film about dancers, the choreography must be special. Gregg Burge (Richie), Michelle Johnston (Bebe) and Janet Jones (Judy) were mentioned in the film, but they barely have the opportunity to show what they can do. Audrey Landers, who can barely walk and chew gum at the same time, one of the best numbers in the series, "Dance 10, Looks 3." I'll admit that the final "One" is dazzling, but you have to wait almost two hours for that. I would say that if you've never seen CHORUS LINE on stage, this movie deserves to be watched, but if you're passionate about the original Broadway musical ... be afraid ... be very scared.
