*** THIS POSITION CONTAINS SPOILER (S) *** <br /> <br /> I'm not a big fan of Chuck Norris as an actor, but I venerate him in all other ways. He also has his own fan website with "Chuck Norris facts" which is really fun. But this film looks like someone who was joking with the audience putting all these "facts" in a movie. I really do not remember when I lost my time more than with this "action". I do not know what the film can offer you worse: a unique and a thousand times invented plot of terrorists trying to neutralize the United States by smuggling nuclear weapons on American soil or maybe these "big" dialogues and wise words from Chucks on life and all the rest. Someone may find it worse that terrorists actually speak English in everyday life. It's an endless list of shit. Not to mention the huge amount of archives used in the movies, it's a little annoying. The chief terrorist sends a message to his comrades in the media when he's captured and the only man smart enough to see what it's like is: Chuck Norris, of course. No one else in America is smart enough to see it! And all the action of capturing the leader is just ridiculous. A man is sent to cross a whole unarmed terrorist camp (he lies, he had a knife), escapes his stalker with JET PACK, then makes a paraglider of a few hundred or even several thousand kilometers of the coast (Afghan border). ). km from the nearest shore), where he is rescued by a submarine. I was hoping that at least the fight scenes would be good, but it's even funnier than the plot. If you did not know, 85% of the terrorists are masters of a martial art, but Chuck and the OC forbid it. Not only do they kill them easily, they can also hit and throw them in a single gesture and the bad guys steal a few meters like dolls. You can ask me if I watched this movie until the end? I did. Why? Because I just wanted to see who, among these two superheroes, would defuse the nuclear bomb a few hundred megatons and the size of a MICROWAVE. And then I realized that I'm crazy. Of course, it's Chuck's movie after all. And it not only turns off the nuclear charge with tweezers, but it does - TWICE !! I could write a book about all the nonsense of this movie, but I would spend my life appearing. <br /> <br /> The directors of this film have therefore added another fact to Chuck Norris on his website: Can Chuck Norris defuse a nuclear bomb? Yes, and he can do it twice!
