During the filming of a horror film of the 80s titled 'Hot Blooded', the director is brutally murdered and the main lady is scarred as she survives the attack and manages to kill the murderer. After all this, the production is abandoned and the stock reels are left to pick up the dust. Thus, a group of filmmakers decides to take back the film, even if they are warned by the public, because the last person interested in the film died at the cinema while watching the film. From this, it is labeled as a cursed production. Not taking these warnings seriously, the team continues production and makes the film star return from Hollywood to resume her role, but not as a girl but as a mother. But again, the killings begin, the actors and the film crew being massacred by an unknown character disguised as the movie's killer. <br /> <br /> Look at what 'Scream' has started! Hey, I like these movies, but most of all what followed is a boring and useless excuse. During this stage, the subgenre came back with vengeance, but it was not really a good thing, because it was mostly unsuccessful and not original attempts, where they followed the model derived from the Scream franchise. 'Cut', which is an Australian version independent of the genre of manual slasher, is a purely shonky junk that basically lacks everything and shamelessly eliminates all other slasher movies. But you know what, I found that a cheese delight. Yeah, it's horrible and very forgettable, but it's a little fun, cheap, as long as it lasted. Although I hate it when I met him, but the second time, I knew what I was getting into and it worked better for that. It was like helping to make a good cheesecake again, but this time it was not so good. <br /> <br /> The film came out at the same time as 'Scream 3' and 'Urban Legends: The Final Cut' did, all of which follow the same structure of using a movie in a movie. 'Scream 3' is obviously the strongest of the three, but I would rather watch this junk on Urban Legends: The Final Cut. Although, this seemed to be more a return to the slashers of the 80s than that of the offspring of Scream. The film is treated in most cases and it shows in the scenario and performance. The dialogue is really devoid of imagination and brings little surprises or suspense. While the performances are purely mocking and Molly Ringwald draws the crown. She plays the wash-up actress who comes back to finish the cursed movie and I had fun with her ridiculously ridiculous rendition. It provides the sting here and nails it perfectly. The others were mostly Australian TV stars (that is, if you're Australian), with a lovely Jessica Napier leading the cast, including Stephen Curry and Frank Roberts. The pop singer (and supposed actress) Kylie Minogue makes an appearance in the opening just to be hacked! Pleasant. These teenagers have for the most part followed the formula of corneens and stupid children who have nothing better to do than to be killed. Sometimes it seems like they are just waiting in the queue because they have no real substance. <br /> <br /> The plot begins in a rather interesting way, then goes to a mysterious phase where red herrings appear, but then makes a sudden U-turn where it becomes a kind of satire on the kind of 'horror. Quite simply, it's rather hectic and when it comes to explaining all this madness, I was a little thinking ?? Oh my. This is when he tries to turn himself on himself in an intelligent way, but unfortunately, he falls well. But do not you like an end of opening? In addition, he sports references to pop culture and an authoritarian and ironic approach. Predictability comes early enough and jokes can sometimes be overestimated, but she knows it by making a mockery of it. The atmosphere loses a little on its side because of the humor that removes it, but the grand old isolated manor in which they turn has a few small clean keys that add a little fright. The cinema scene is doing pretty well too. <br /> <br /> Now, we now know that we want gore and nudity when we watch this type of movie, but unfortunately, there is no nudity to find and the gore is pretty classic, if lack, but it is more than decent for this low budget movie. There are one or two creative deaths, but the others are systematic. The killer was not mean, but when he spoke it hurt him, I told myself that the smart-ass attitude did not occupy me well. Another note of the production that was very bad was the cut editing, the soundtrack moved and the management of Kimble Rendall lacking in execution and rather careless, but these contributing factors unite to add a kind of pure entertainment to all this. wickedness. <br /> <br /> The imagination is budget, that's for sure, but damn that ugly slasher did not try to be anything else. Pure schlock who is a little fun!
