I must admit that I laughed a few times during this insignificant holiday movie of 2004, but it is already coming out of my memory in the short term. In a career that slides quickly into the darkness of the tabloid, Ben Affleck, once a promising cartoon character actor who has interfered in the Hollywood advertising machine to recreate itself as a great romantic actor. Judging by this film, the transformation does not seem to work, because it still lacks the gravity that would make it credible in such areas. While his buddy Matt Damon assumes intelligent roles in films like "Syriana", Affleck appears in this type of commercial. At least the superficial character of Drew Latham, a successful but lonely successful advertising director, is more appropriate to Affleck than to most of the other roles he has attempted. <br /> <br /> Directed by Mike Mitchell (whose most famous film is 1999's "Deuce Bigelow: Male Gigolo") and scripted by no less than four writers (which is always a bad sign), the Fragile plot revolves around the need of his character to "rent" a family living in the home of his childhood to live his fantasy Christmas he never had. The concept is really intriguing because there is something to be said about the cathartic release of sentimentality that we are all supposed to feel in the midst of the frenetic commercialism of the holidays. The real problem, though, is that the film looks like a prolonged sketch devoid of logic or genuine emotional resonance. Affleck seems to be on the overdrive, desperately trying to be kind, but the end result is a tiring trick of an actor who is used to increasingly boring playing stupid characters in poorly designed movies. Fortunately, he has the likes of James Gandofini and Catherine O'Hara playing the Valcos, the couple who decides to accept the financial offer of Drew to pretend to be his parents. <br /> <br /> Gandolfini plays Tom like a gruff, no - A violent parent of Tony Soprano, but he does what he can in the role. From his classic SCTV Days to Christopher Guest's mockumentaries, O'Hara is still a comical gem, no matter what the vehicle, and unsurprisingly, it arouses the biggest laughs of Tom's wife, Christine, which she curatorily delivers one-liner or pose in an inch of for a domineering photo shoot. In what is becoming her usual screen role, Christina Applegate plays their daughter Alicia, who mistrusts any confidence, which of course becomes Drew's love interest. Despite some good times when she takes advantage of the trickery of playing Drew's sister in front of her girlfriend's family, her character seems to change at lightning speed, making it hard to see what Drew would see in her. The story runs completely out of control by the last third with an artificial situation stacked on another until the parcel elements are linked together very quickly. It is said that much of the film was improvised because there was no filming script completed. It shows, but I must also admit that I have stayed until the end.
