I feel that those who participated in "Survive Christmas" did not think much about the film. The characters are so inconsistent and the plot does not make much sense that the movie was played as a rough draft of a scenario thrown together with little but the concept at a line of a rich who pays a family to leave him spend Christmas with them. <Br/> <br /> Ben Affleck is Drew Latham, the typical Hollywood image of a wealthy selfish advertising director who buys his way in life. His girlfriend, Missy, leaves him shortly before Christmas, disgusted by the fact that Drew wanted to take him to Fiji for Christmas, which she calls "family vacations", and the fact that Drew never has presented to his family. We learn later that Drew's father left at the age of 4 and his mother died. So it's mysterious not to just say he does not have a family, rather than let his girlfriend think he does not have one. cares about his family. <br /> <br /> For fear of being alone at Christmas, Drew tracks down Missy's psychologist (why I have no idea), who proposes to do a ritual of forgiveness in his childhood home . When he meets the family who live in the home of his childhood, the Valcos, Drew offers them $ 250,000 to pretend to be his family, so he can relive his childhood memories. He gets angry when he later discovers that they have an adult daughter, Alicia (Christina Applegate), because he "does not have a sister" and even goes so far as to write a script for the family . act more like his "real" family. None of this makes sense once Drew reveals that he grew up with a family other than his mother. <br /> <br /> Also inexplicable, Alicia's character is upset that her family has accepted Drew's money and refuses to play. with his fantasy. But for no good reason, she suddenly begins to love Drew, and in a matter of minutes passes hating his guts to behave like his girlfriend. Drew is such a complete fool throughout the film that even his sad story about the solitary Christmas of his childhood does not arouse sympathy; I almost liked that he was done with it, "I'm kidding! The real reason I do not see my family is that they all have restrictive orders against me!" (2/10)
