Comedy Central has the habit of putting on some great programs sometimes - Chappelle Show, The Daily Show, Colbert Report, and there are those that some people like or hate - Stella, Dr. Katz. Then there are some shows that have their supporters but are just awful - Mencia and now Sarah Silverman. <br /> <br /> This show is based on the fact that Silverman is self-centered, which can be funny (Colbert Report) but can be horrible (Mind of Mencia). It should not shock anyone that this is the case in my opinion. This show is a parody of a sitcom and a society, a program so absurd that it is lost in its absurdity and it is just not funny. A foolish woman has often been used in comedy because it is not something that is common. We do not need 25 minutes. When a criminal is disarmed by a woman, he simply loses his appeal - we saw it in Jay and Silent Bob Strike, except that the women were warmer and the whole scene was more absurd, which made her better. . But the best comparison of this show is that of Stella, except that Stella was more subtle, which made comedy absurd fun. It's better to play, and I guess, a little more than a fantastically realistic point of view. <br /> <br /> Maybe the fact that some critics are so negative (I'm very skeptical about the criticism, but do not dispute the reaction of the fans) to this show is the amount of advertising on it, commercials very unpleasant through many programs far surpass the advertising for other programs. Many people wonder why Sarah Silverman has a career, and others are always bitter when better shows have been canceled. This show should never have passed the unprecedented pilot stage. Back to Norm was much more promising, but this show does it further. And as long as the criticisms are correct, many things have been swept universally and have seen their status increase enormously. In the latest news, Britney Spears also gets good reviews. Take this comparison as you want because someone will accuse me of being psychotic on IMDb for not having liked this show.
