I think this movie was a bit overrated here. There are certain things to admire in her; First of all, it must be recognized that this is a science fiction film (ish) based on its history rather than on special effects and action sequences. The distribution is good, the scenography and cinematography are good, and the ideas are quite interesting (although they start to look a little tired after the many poor clones of Dark City / Memento / Fight Club of recent years). But the film is defeated by mediocre characterization, wooden performances by the main actors and a ridiculously bad end. <br /> <br /> The main problem I had was that the protagonist was neither friendly nor implausible. I realize that part of the story dictates that it should be a bit ciphered (wait for it ...), but I was unable to create empathy for a character who seemed to me to be a boring man . The transformation of the character for this sad bag is artificially imposed by the plot. The main actor Jeremy Northam succeeds in making it clear that the protagonist is confused and unlucky, but does not inspire him any sympathy. In front of him, Lucy Liu does what she can with a character who has no real personality, unless it is the embodiment of a cliche of spy film that counts as a personality. <br /> <br /> One of the biggest disappointments of this film is the end. I will not give spoilers here, but I will say that a surprise surprise at the end was telegraphed quite clearly at least 45 minutes before that happened. In addition, after just being a quirky and idea-driven film for about an hour, the last scenes are suddenly and terribly devolving to the worst kind of Hollywood film, with big explosions and special effects. McGuffin's revelation at the end of the film is poorly made and, in the end, the characters seem even less sympathetic than they were before the resolution of some of the film's main topics. <br /> <br /> The film is not bad in itself. , although. It still manages to maintain a certain level of tension, despite the slow pace (although I think I have a tolerance above average for slow-motion movies). And there are times when the unstable, paranoid feeling that the director Vincenzo Natali was clearly trying to evoke surges to the surface. But in the end, these elements are not enough to overcome the defects of the game and the scenario of the film. There is probably a good film covering these same themes and ideas, but that's not it.
