Let me begin by saying that I generally prefer the staging style of Renny Harlin and that the filmmaker should be commended for certain shots. Unlike Harlin's "Elm Street 4" and "Die Hard 2", which I loved a lot, something is missing in this movie. That, my friends, is a script. The dialogue in movies like this is always pretty awful, but this one wins the gold medal for stupidity. There are so many horrible lines in this movie that I do not even want to remember it. Not only that, but the execution of the lines is pathetic and seems more suited to a bad porn movie than an adventure. It's almost as if Harlin thought that if they slow down the words, they could improve the script. Again wrong. <br /> <br /> The sad point is that some talented actors are thrown into bad roles with a worse dialogue. Stallone has never been my favorite, but when he acts around Lithgow, Turner and the worst of the Rooker band, there is something wrong with this picture. Lithgow has played one of the best villains of "Ricochet", but seems to be someone who can not act to save his life here. How is it possible? I've always been a big fan and he's introduced to acting by Stallone, who called himself his performance. Turner's share is so small and useless, but she still manages to seem lost on the screen. Michael Rooker CAN act. I know it because I saw it in "Days of Thunder", but it seems to READ its lines from memory cards. Did this happen? When Rooker and Lithgow have scenes together where they talk, I just wanted the movie to end there, or that both of them surprisingly find their acting abilities. Unfortunately, none of these things happened. <br /> <br /> Which brings me back to Harlin, who may be the only one to blame for this mess other than the writers. It's his fault that I was never trained in this film because he should have made people play. The scenario is not very good, but it is the performances of the actors who destroy this film and which are incumbent on the director. I do not care what the amount of special effects is, which for the most part is good, you still can not sacrifice the movie with a dreadful acting. <br /> <br /> Moreover, the rhythm of this film seems to be deactivated. The opening sequence was good and the airplane scene was very well done, but how are you supposed to worry about the outcome of the flight? I mean, I understand that they were trying to create tension with all the bells and whistles in the scene of the plane, but I did not care if they had the money or not in this scene. If the villain had won early, I might not have seen one of the worst movies of all time!
