After seeing "Driven" on a plane to America 3 years ago, I really thought I saw the worst film ever made and I could relax knowing that I would never have to suffer so much in front of a screen. Unfortunately, as I discovered last night, this was not the case. Revolver is so monstrously bad that I actually think of recommending to friends to go see him, just so as not to feel like I'm the only one stupid enough to have been threatened with watching this. It's really quite amazing how this film falls completely in front of the constant, and I mean constant voices of the main characters, with a nonsense totally absurd and pretentious! In fact, I got angry at the movies listening to Andre Benjamin drooling tirelessly for what appeared to be half the film, all the while thinking - what would the Turks have done to this gangster full joke? / rogue, whatever he is supposed to be when he made his "offer"? I will tell you what. He would have told her to free herself, to run out of breath, and to look with total disdain that her equally incompetent partner was wriggling as fast as her little plump legs would carry her. I mean, what are we supposed to believe that Jake is in the head when they offer him their "solution" to his problem? They are crooks, so they must obviously also have the skills to cure incurable blood diseases! I mean ffs. Does not he begin to wonder why his symptoms are not getting worse? The penny does not drop on the third day what happens instead of letting Richie subject the audience to a painfully condescending phone call from Avi to Jake to let him know he's been cheated. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I can add a little positive note to the film by switching to dry humor if one provides, fortunately, a standard similar to his previous movies ???? bulls ** t! This movie does not try anything smarter than to redeem itself with well-synchronized fun lines, oh no. It managed to be so disastrously disappointing that I really did not hear as much as a title of a fully packed cinema ?? and anyone who knows the UGC in Sheffield knows how much a main screen can be filled and not one person smiles. Maybe he never wanted the movie to be funny, and good enough, you can still make good gangster movies without comedy, but what was he planning on hanging on to, could I ask? The plot unnecessarily confusing! ?? I sincerely hope not! <br /> <br /> By far, the most satisfying moment I had last night was hearing the loud sigh coming from ALL directions of the audience as everyone prayed desperately for the movie ends. It was also very fun to see how fast the customers were fighting and rushing to the outputs once they realized it was over and they were free from their torment! <br /> <br /> I will conclude this (I 'll have to finish, write that makes me angry again) explaining the "end". I mean sh ** t! The end ?? .. no, sorry I can not, you'll have to go see her. It can not be written, it just can not, and after seeing it, you'll know why. Uhhhhhh ?? tremors ??
