The movie "52 Pick Up" simply does not work. Look at it if you are interested in Elmore Leonard or John Frankenheimer, or by any other notable actor, especially John Glover, who is brilliant. But the book - a fiery, fiery black thriller - should have been translated into an Oscar film instead of that failure that could not say whether or not it should faithfully represent the hard and fast crime story. from the book, or go for a Schwarzenegger shoot-em-up folly of the 1980s. Move the scene from the place of origin into the book, Detroit (a region where Leonard has resided for years and he knows very well), to Los Angeles is a major problem that Leonard tries to solve in his script, but ultimately can not. For example, it was a smart device that made Mitchell's wife a city councilor (she did not have a job in the book), if you think about it: it's the only way to blackmail plausibly in a city as crazy as sexual, like the 1980s. Angeles for adultery, or any kind of potential sex scandal. Even in this case, it is more plausible, in a more conservative eastern state like Michigan, to believe a) that its tiny "industry" of porn is a sordid hell and snatching money where three losers could desperately set up a not so stupid upper middle class. classmate going through a mid-life crisis, and b) adultery alone might be something you could blackmail with, if his eminent career and old-fashioned women could not stand the shock. As Ron Jeremy, a consultant, will say, 1980s Los Angeles was a colorful and elegant porn mecca, closer to the movie "Boogie Nights" than the dark and shady world of Leonard, where there were diverted tourist buses, sinister apartments and drug trafficking in desolate urban neighborhoods. Once again, Los Angeles could be the backdrop of such a story if the landscape was arranged more carefully - there are still many dark crests and psychopaths. Unfortunately, Roy Scheider's Harry Mitchell appears in the film as a beautiful and sexy Uebermensch dancing through his problems without even having to sweat. In the book, he repelled an officer of the union Jerk as he struggled with a company in bankruptcy. He also had a skeleton in the closet during the war involving a friendly fire he was responsible for, but which never seemed to have been mastered. Elmore Leonard's stories usually have a central image involving a strange civility between a criminal and a law-abiding citizen. Here, Harry Mitchell sitting in his office with his master singer, Alan Raimy, handing him his accounts and negotiating a more practical ransom, gives such a central image. Glover's master singer plays the stage with convincing intelligence, but Scheider describes the victim here as an arrogant "good guy", in charge of the situation as if he were more of a Rambo with an M-16 than a man which stays afloat while his world collapses. around him. "52 Pick Up" ends with one of the worst conclusions we have to date, considering all the thoughts that have shaped the original story and then the film. Stalking Raimy inside Mitchell's Jaguar and blowing it up with Mitchell's fanfare music accompanied by a sadistic soliloquy, plays in front of an audience wishing for the "sweet revenge" conclusion of a Chuck Norris film, and not the intelligent and balanced world of Leonard's book. Mitchell finally escaped and the conflict between good and evil could easily go both ways. I left the theater shaking my head and depressed. What a waste of talent.
