David Chase's "Sopranos" is perhaps the most popular television show of all these years. Not only is the series devoid of intelligence and passion, but it is devoid of soul. As everyone who reads it probably already know, James Gandolfini * IS * Tony Soprano, a big and big hole of a mafia boss with a spoiled woman, and two crazy kids who have the quick wit, you you guessed - the armpit of America (it's New Jersey, by the way). Not only is Tony an adulterer, but he is also an unrepentant murderous bastard, with a team of "Saturday Night Live" skits worthy of sketch for his subordinates.This is not the fact that Tony is a member of the gangster sh * t that offends me (and apparently only me) Permit the characters to be who and what they are, without judgment, is a thing barely allowed by American television.But Chase - and his entourage of writers gorged money, at the Emmy - did not just allow us to observe Tony and his crew as they behave, they did not even attempt to give a glimpse of the reality action / reaction of (even obviously) (Organized Crime) (to "The Godfather") Instead, Chase glorifies and endorses the gluttonous, violent and corrupt lifestyle of his characters in much the same way as Tony, his wife and even his hair psychologist crazies do it week after week (or should I say m month after month, or is it the year?) It seems that the meager seasons of the series, which count 13 episodes, come out with the same regularity as a lunar eclipse). Much has been made of the series's refusal to adhere to the "network" structure, with intrigues that lead nowhere, and characters that appear and disappear like vermin. But if the series is so brilliant in its lack of structure, why does it always feel like watching a soap opera? Clichés of the tired crowd, bored housewives, selfish, irreducible characters AND plots that lead nowhere. More than ever, I understand why so many Americans of Italian origin are invited to this show. It's enough to make you want to curl up with a good book (Dante's "Inferno" comes to mind). <br /> <br /> People on IMDb love to pretend there's nothing good on TV, so "Sopranos" is a breath of fresh air. Are these same people too busy paying their cable bills to watch "The Shield"? (It's included in Basic, you know). How about the (always good) "The West Wing"? Or the awesome acted (if erratically written) "Boston Legal"? What about the best comedy of the last decades, "Arrested Development"? And let's not forget that we live in the era of DVDs - nobody * has * to * watch * anything again. I would rather spend $ 40 for a priceless box, well, pretty much * everything *, rather than giving $ 10 a month to HBO (or $ 80 a DVD set!) To continue to prove just how much hack factory it can be. <br /> <br /> You want a good television? Look at "Homicide: Life on the street". Or "Murder One". Or "Palisades". Or even the previous issue of Chase, "Northern Exposure". If you're already part of the legion of fans and critics who have brainwashed "The Sopranos", it's too late for you. If not, leave Tony and his worthless parent to whom they belong - rotting with the fish. ("Sleeping" would be nice too)
