Seriously, I can easily absorb a lot of blood, blood and repulsion on the screen, but what makes this film disturbing and uncomfortable to watch is the way the doctor's character continues to wander about the physical damage caused to raped women. John Cassavetes, of Rosemary's Baby, talks about ruptures of the uterus, dry sex and massive loads of reddish sperm (?) As if they were the smallest diseases most common in the world of medicine. That being said, "Incubus" is an ultimately strange horror effort. It's not necessarily terrible ?? although it is not very good, either ?? but just weird. The confused and incoherent scenario initially turns on the hunt for a killer of flesh and blood for rapist (although the title clearly suggests the involvement of a supernatural creature) and he seems to never stop introducing new characters. None of these characters, especially not the main characters, seem to sympathize and, for some reason never explained, they all seem to keep dark secrets. The aforementioned doctor has a strange interpretation of the girl's love and behaves continually as a suspect himself. The sheriff of the city (John Ireland) seems to be in a state of constant drunkenness and does not even seem to care about who continues to rape and kill. the women of her neighborhood, the journalist is even too weird to speak and the Galens (an old witch and her grandson) are simply phantasmagorical. Together, they are desperately trying to solve the mystery of who or what is destroying the reproductive women of the cities. The sequences that are preparing for rape and murder are beautifully atmospheric and the ignoble acts themselves are bloody and disturbing. Basically, these are very positive factors in a horror movie, but the narrative structure is too incoherent and the characters are too unfriendly for Incubus to be a very good movie. In addition, there are a lot of tedious parts to fight (like sequences from a Bruce Dickinson concert!) And the generally reliable direction of John Hough is almost imperceptible. The last move is indeed nightmarish. For me personally, "Incubus" was a little disappointing, but there are still many reasons to recommend this strange piece of horror from the early 80s to open-minded genre fanatics.
