Mandy Pullman (Mitch Martin) and Roy Seeley (Matt Birman), a young couple, relax on a beach in the small town of Galen. They decide to start making fun of themselves. Mandy is hiding in an old hut in ruins. She is attacked and raped by an unknown assailant. Roy tries to help after hearing her scream but is killed. Sam Cordell (John Cassavetes) and his daughter Jenny (Erin Flannery) are both new in Galen after the death of Sam's wife. Sam is called to action by Police Chief Hank Walden (John Ireland) when Mandy and Roy are found. He performs the autopsy on Roy and treats Mandy for his terrible injuries. Shortly thereafter, a local museum curator, Carolyn Davis (Denise Furgusson), is also attacked and raped. Laura Kincaid (Kerrie Keane), a local journalist, recounts the events and suggests to Sam that a similar series of rapes and murders have occurred in the city 30 years earlier. More rapes and murders occur. Meanwhile, Jenny's boyfriend, Tim Galen (Duncan MacIntosh), has strange dreams and nightmares and is convinced that he has something to do with these horrific acts. Tim's story and his research into the past of cities convinced Sam of the existence of a creature called Incube, a demonic entity with a changing form that only exists to reproduce! Directed by John Hough, this horror movie is really dull. George Franklin's scenario based on Ray Russell's novel is slow, to say the least. Nothing interesting or exciting happens and it ends with one of the most boring events I know and, frustrating, it suddenly ends. As the story progresses by turtle, there are some rapes, but none appear on the screen. There is also only one scene gore in all the film. The monster itself is only shown at the very end and has three short scenes. All that concerns the production of this film is very static and flat, the film has neither energy nor rhythm. The acting game is dull and you do not feel or care about anyone Check out the scene in the autopsy room, where you can repeatedly see the boom microphone at the top of the screen. The type of scary horror movie you'll forget in a day. A real waste of time, do not worry.
