Stephen King is generally known for his morbid, and that's fine, but this story is too morbid. Some movies, at the end, we feel sad for the characters or the situations in which they found themselves ... Here, we just feel depressed. The film has a nice sense (at the beginning), with the family moving into the country, and the terrifying old Fred Gwyne greeting them and warning them of the cemetery of domestic animals, but this plot leads nowhere. It starts with so much potential, but in the end, it loses the potential to become a good horror movie and becomes cheesy, extremely stupid and ultimately depressing. <br /> <br /> Louis (Dale Midkoff), his wife Rachel (Denise Crosby), their children Ellie and Gage, and their cat move to a new home in Maine. Jud (Fred Gwyne), his zany farmer neighbor, warns them about the local pet cemetery and his cursed. Louis does not think about it and everything is fine until the family cat is killed. He buries her in the cursed graveyard and it comes back to life, whistling constantly in front of the family and wanting to be left alone. One day, the baby Gage runs down the road and is crushed and killed by a truck. Louis knows he has to bury him in the cemetery. When Gage comes to life, he is transformed and wants to murder. <br /> <br /> With many works by Stephen King that do not translate well into films, I blame directors and screenwriters. In this case, Mr. King was the scriptwriter, but I will blame him for his terrible story. In the end, it's so useless, and although not funny, the premise is laughable. A little boy comes back from the dead and manages to kill people with what looks like a tiny scalpel, and not just that, but he manages to lift their bodies and, in one case, to bring a body of the ground to attic! I know it's not in reality, but seriously, how stupid can it be? The scene where Louis injects his deceased, now reliving cat to kill him, is strangely sad, because the cat did not deserve it. All he did was turn around his own business and he killed him. The scene where he injects his own baby is almost unbearable. Not unbearably sad, but the situation as a whole is horrible to think about. After receiving an injection, Gage staggers a little drunk before falling dead ... why did they need to make a movie ending with the death of an infant? But ... even worse, the end of their film starring Louis burying someone else (not going to give that) in the graveyard after Gage killed him ... what was he expecting? ? Why did Mr. King write this horrible story and why was it turned into a movie? It's depressing and useless! <br /> <br /> My note: * on ****. 90 minutes R for violence.
