This film is a Pia Zadora special! While watching it, I remembered the classic drawing showing a Hollywood starlet; urgently needed another role, but afraid to become a casting actress for a "B" type movie or soft porn roles; who said during his casting session "Of course, I do not normally do roles requiring nudity, but if it is artistically necessary for the film ..............." . This memory evoked a very nasty picture of a similar caricature of Pia during such a session saying, "Of course, I normally do not take any role that requires real interpretation, but if it really gives me enough visibility to improve my status of sex symbol .................. ". This is probably very unfair, the rather sordid story is the fault of Harold Robbins' book; Given the nature of the story, Pia's shows are certainly not overly focused, and perhaps Pia (who has already won an actor's award in Butterfly) deliberately does her satire. rather than trying to play an almost unplayable role. Critics generally refer to actors as the problem when a film proves disappointing, but it is totally unfair; writers and directors are much more often the culprits. The real problem with "The Lonely Lady" is that the screenplay, like the original book, seeks sensation rather than substance, and nothing can fix it. <br /> <br /> The scenario of this film is abominable, but to know if the story could have been filmed more successfully with a better scenario, a more tense staging and a really competent game must remain a question personal judgment. At the time of publication, the rating given by viewers would depend on whether I evaluate my personal opinion or the extent to which the film is successful in providing what it aims to do. My personal note for this would be two out of ten; but to a certain extent, this film probably provides exactly what its sponsors wanted, and it would be reasonable to judge that a grade of four out of ten would be reasonable. Being in a charitable mood and eager to make clear that I do not blame Pia for my disappointment, I will award her the IMDb rating of four.
