The memory banks of most reviewers here must have bypassed trying to recall this cubic zircon from a gem, because virtually everyone managed to make a false statement of Lloyd Bochner's Walter Thornton, when he had a tantrum, he launched the phallic garden his new wife, Jerilee Randall-Thornton, (a Pia Zadora almost comatose) who had been sexually assaulted earlier in the film ... but I'm getting ahead. In any case, poor Lloyd could have scolded this phrase in front of the voiceless public, as much as he was his co-star. <br /> <br /> Hard to believe, for most of us, especially Nowadays, no one in Hollywood is determined to INTENTIONALLY make a bad movie. This is certainly not the most defensible argument to make because there seems to be so much. But again, there is this film race that we must imagine at the time of its creation, be it writing, casting or directing, had to be cursed with the cinematic equivalent to try to shoot during Ides of March. <Br /> <br /> THE LONELY LADY belongs to this category and represents herself very well, given the circumstances. Here we have all the ingredients of a recipe guaranteed to produce a shredded soufflé: Pia Zadora, a marginal singer / actress so determined to be taken seriously, that she would take practically anything that could differentiate her from her peers (this film has certainly done!); Harold Robbins (of THE CARPETBAGGERS and DREAMS DIE FIRST) is a well-publicized novel written by the Trashmaster himself; a cast that probably thought they had the chance to work, tried to play this dreck as if it were Clifford Odets or Ibsen; plus a manager who was more than likely a hired gun who kept the mess moving just to collect a paycheck (and was probably under contract not to require the use of the nickname "Alan Smithee" to protect what was left of reputation.) Like Lamont Johnson's lipstick, Meir Zarchi's I SPIT ON THE GRAVE, Roger Vadim's BARBARELLA, Paul Verhoeven's SHOWGIRLS or Really Bad Film Making's grandmother, MOMMY DAREST's film Frank Perry is often discussed, laugh horrified, or a unique combination of all three), but also challenges Hollyweird's dissection, description or even pretzel logic. Nobody really knows how it happened, how it has ever been broadcast, even in one theater, or why it's always impossible to get rid of it, but take it or leave it, it's here to stay. And I do not think that fans of very good BAD films would have it otherwise.
