Paul Armstrong is a Scottish-born liberal law professor born in Harvard, known for his passionate opposition to the death penalty. He is hired to take over the case of Bobby Earl, a young black man from Florida who was convicted of the rape and murder of eleven-year-old white girl Joanie Shriver. Earl claims that his confession was obtained under duress by a sadistic policeman and that the real murderer is Blair Sullivan, a serial killer already sentenced to death for several other murders. Armstrong visits Sullivan on his death row, hoping to convince him to confess Joanie's murder, saving Earl from the electric chair. <br /> <br /> In the beginning, everything is going well. Sullivan confesses and Earl is released when the appellate court quashes his conviction. Since this development occurs only after half of the film, it is at this stage that the alarm bells sound in the viewer's mind. "Watch out!" The major plot turns forward! And that proves. The expected turn is coming soon. It turns out that Earl is actually guilty of the crime of which he has just been acquitted, and probably of several others as well, but has developed a diabolical plan with Sullivan to secure his freedom; Sullivan will confess Joanie's murder if Earl kills his parents. (The reason Sullivan wanted the death of his parents is never explicitly explained). Armstrong now discovers that he is himself in danger in the face of the man whose life he has just saved; Earl has a grudge against Armstrong's wife, herself a lawyer, who acted as counsel for the prosecution in a previous case in which Earl was charged with rape. <br /> <br /> "Just Cause" is an example of self-cannibalism in which Hollywood sometimes likes to indulge, assembling a movie by recycling themes and intrigue devices from several others. The first half has an obvious debt to films like "Intruder in the Dust" and "To Kill a Mockingbird"; The only difference is that the sheriff who beats Bobby Earl's confession is himself black, whereas in previous films he would have been white. (Police brutality is now an equal opportunity activity). The central twist of the plot was borrowed from Costa-Gavras's "Music Box", although in this film, the revelation does not happen until the end. The finale, in which a lawyer, his wife and their young daughter are in danger of a former client, is an obvious plagiarism of the two versions of "Cape Fear", which also takes place in the swamps of the southern United States. Sullivan's characterization by Ed Harris as a religious maniac quoting the Bible is a direct imitation of Robert de Niro's character in the scorsese version of "Cape Fear", performed four years before "Just Cause". <br /> <br /> (There is a postscript.) Just like "Just Cause" borrowed enormously from several other films, seven years later, his central scenario was in turn blatantly plagiarized in the vehicle of Ashley Judd "Serious Crimes"). <br /> <br /> The problem with this film-by-number filmmaking style is that the resulting films are generally far less distinguished than the ones that inspired them. The whole thing is normally much smaller than the sum of the parts, and "Just Cause" is a film much less bulky than those which were cannibalized to manufacture it. Harris is normally a talented actor, but this is one of his weakest performances, largely because he plays less the role of a character than Niro's in Max Cady. Blair Underwood is acceptable as Bobby Earl, the (supposed) innocent young man of the early scenes, but unconvincing as Bobby Earl, the murderous psychopath of the latter. Sean Connery as Armstrong and Laurence Fishburne in the Black Sheriff are rather better, but none is enough to save the film. (Connery and Harris had to play together in another, best movie, "The Rock," the following year). <br /> <br /> There is another problem with "Just Cause". The first half of the film resembles a standard liberal film, "anti-capital punishment", anti-racist and critical of the police. The second half is more like a fierce reactionary job, preaching the message that all criminals are evil bastards, that the only way to deal with them is to fry them to the presidency, that liberal lawyers are the useful idiots of the criminal. and that police who beat suspects should be commended as heroes. The filmmakers seem to have been completely ignorant of the fact that the intrigue introduced in the middle of their film had the effect (probably undesirable) of reversing its political position, or if they were aware of the problem, they did not know it. A properly complicated plot was obviously considered more important than political coherence. 4/10
