Well, that's another disillusionment on my part. Two, actually! First of all, even though I like to think of myself as if I know a little something about the exploitation of the Euro by 70 and its most prolific contributors, I had never heard of Joseph W Sarno before. Here is a guy who made more than seventy stinging movies and laden with sects and I did not see one! How? Why? What happened here? Second, and even worse, just when you think you've found a new source of obscure cult movies, this director's most famous and supposed "masterpiece" turns out to be an irreparably dull and irritating film. Admittedly, lesbian vampire movies are a rather insignificant subgenre, but some of them are bathed in a menacing atmosphere and curious sensuality (like José Larraz '' Vampyres' 'or Harry Kümmel' s "Girls of Darkness"). The film of Joseph Sarno has nothing to offer, except huge amounts of free nudity and even that quickly becomes boring. The events take place in an isolated old castle, hidden in the depths of the German mountains, where lived five centuries ago a nasty and thirsty baroness (literally). Her faithful followers still hold nude dance parties in the castle's catacombs lit by candles in the shape of a penis - AUCH, and hope to resurrect the Baroness at any time. Suddenly (do not even ask how) the castle is filled with young and sexy female guests, so even more erotic rites ensue. It sounds pretty entertaining and entertaining, but "The Devil's Plaything" contains a lot of sequences where literally nothing happens and the ignorant facial expressions of cast members are simply unbearable! Sarno is not capable of creating suspense or creating a Gothic atmosphere (or maybe he does not care about it) and the actresses' abilities are limited to standing in front of the camera, topless, and shoot a really pathetic face. Please, do yourself a favor: no matter how desperate you are to see all the sordid lesbian-vampire movies of the 70s, this one is not worth a penny! Even the repertoires of Jess Franco and Jean Rollin are pure art compared to this failure.
