Sexo Cannibal, or Devil Hunter, more commonly known to the English-speaking public, begins with actress and model Laura Crawford (Ursula Buchfellner as Ursula Fellner) checking out the location of her new film with her assistant Jane (Gisela Hahn). After a long day of work, Laura relaxes in the bath of her room when two very doubtful characters, Chris (Werner Pochath) and Thomas (Antonio Mayans), burst and kidnaps her after having helped her with the treacherous Jane. Laura's agent is under the authority of Peter Weston (Al Cliver), a hero of the lease, informed of the situation, the kidnappers have Laura on an isolated island and claim a ransom of 6 million euros. Peter will learn that he will receive $ 200,000 to recover safely and an additional 10% to $ 6 million if he reports it, faster than a rat in a drain pipe. Peter and his helicopter pilot Jack and his veterinary companion in Vietnam are on the island and decide how to rescue Laura. So, the kidnappers have Laura and Peter has 6 million but do not want to give them as much. To further complicate matters, this isolated island is home to a primitive tribe (in hell, in all the generations they lived, they built only a hut of straw, it is now primitive) who adore a cannibal guy (Burt Altman) with bulging eyes like a god with human sacrifices & this cannibal likes young white flesh and intestines ... <br /> <br /> This Spanish, French and German coproduction was co-produced by Written directed by the prolific Jesus Franco who also gets the credit for music. Sexo Cannibal gained some notoriety here in the UK, as he was placed on the "Video Nasties" list in the early '80s under his alternative title Devil Hunter and so is officially classified as obscene and banned, but I do not do not know at all. why it's a bad movie and even Franco, who is not afraid of being associated with a turkey, decides to hide under the pseudonym Clifford Brown. I imagine that even the most ardent fan of Franco would have trouble defending this thing. Franco's scenario, sorry, I mean Clifford Brown and Julian Esteban in the role of Julius Valery, who was obviously another less impressed by the finished product and wanted his name removed, is awful. It's as simple and straightforward as that. For starters, the movie is so boring that it's wrong, the kidnapping plot is one of the most boring I've ever seen without the slightest tension or excitement and the horror side of things is getting better not as we get a big black guy with stupid oversize bloodshot eyes plus two tamed cannibal scenes. As a horror film, Sexo Cannibal fails and as an action adventure, it no longer has any success, it is to be avoided. <br /> <br /> The director Franco shows his habitual incompetence, a head decapitated is obtained by an actor lying down the ground with large leaves placed around the bottom of his neck to try and give the impression that he does not is attached to nothing! The cannibal scenes are mediocre, the action is lame and there are countless scenes of people walking randomly in the jungle that go from 'A' to 'B' and do not really do anything when they get there. It becomes incredibly boring and tedious to watch after about 10 minutes and remember that this story lasts 94 minutes without being cut. I must also mention the hilarious scene where Al Cliver is supposed to climb a cliff, this is done by Franco who turns his camera on the side and makes Cliver crawl on the ground! Just look at how his coat is hanging and the way he never tackles anything, he crawls! The gore is not so great and in terms of Euro Cannibal movies, it's very docile, there are some close-ups of the mouths of the cannibals who chew pieces of meat, a man is impaled on spikes, he There is blood and a handle. intestines. There is some nudity in Sexo Cannibal and an unpleasant scene of rape. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal had to have a small budget and I mean low. It is a poor quality film with special effects and incredible production values. The only decent thing about this is the jungle setting that at least looks authentic. The music is nil and the sound effects become annoying because there is a lot of heavy breathing when the cannibal is on the screen. The acting is nothing, the film is obviously dubbed, but no one in this film can play. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal is a terrible movie that commits the fatal mistake of being as boring as possible. The only good thing I can say is that it has a sordid atmosphere and these close-ups of cannibal chewing meat are rather disgusting. Anyone looking for a decent cinematic experience should give Sexo Cannibal a place as wide as possible, to avoid.
