In the days before the Toxic Avenger, the kings of the low camp at Troma Films tried to take the highest road (OK, a little lower) from the production of straight slasher photos. I would like to think that seeing the results here is what convinced them to abandon all pretense and engage in self-conscious parody. <br /> <br /> Splatter University is another movie for the masochists of the public. As he travels through two separate casts and innumerable unnecessary side-tricks, he becomes painful to watch. Let's see if I can summarize. <br /> <br /> After learning that a dangerous psychopath has escaped from a local hospital, the action goes to a Catholic university (I do not remember his name, but in honor of title, let's call it St. Splatter). The students are apathetic and sullen, and argue nicely, the slackers ahead of their time. Meanwhile, the new teacher, Julie Parker, turns out to be completely incompetent in her work. Children are dealing with relationships, unfaithfulness, unwanted pregnancies, lustful priests, and how to avoid classroom work. Julie takes care of a terrifying boyfriend, the inflexible administration of St. Splatter, advises single mothers, and blank, expressionless looks of her students. None of this signifies a sacred thing or resolves itself significantly. Oh, and from time to time, a POV shot comes in and stabs one of the girls to death, but do not hold your breath to wait for it. There is a killer of red herrings, then a sadly anti-climatic confrontation with the real killer, then we come back to the credits of asylum and credits. <br /> <br /> The slow pace and the many iniquitous subplots seem almost calculated to produce a feeling of increasing frustration in the viewer, aided by jerky editing, a sound quality of canned coffee and a dialogue that has not any sense. And the most agonizing thing about this film is the murderer's fixation on women - the men in this film are so deserving. I would have paid quite a bit of money to see someone with his pregnant girlfriend or the Lothario moron who would have fun with the roommate of his girlfriend or one of the scary priests. There is no justice.
