Colleges, high schools, fraternities, and sororities are the most popular haunts of manic madmen since the slasher cycle became a popular cinematographic culture in the late seventies. Even Backwoods' cottages and campsites have used the number of campus killings since Halloween, classifying the genre as a cult horror category. Since the first registrations like To all a Good Night until the big series of budgeted titles like Urban Legend or Schools Out, there has always been a slasher on campus that is hiding somewhere in the pipeline. Despite being supported by Troma - the titans of the wicked movie B ?? Splatter University was heavily criticized on its release and never really found an audience. Even notorious hack and slash sites such as HYSTERIA-LIVES have considered Richard Haines' splashed threads as one of the worst of the eighties boom. I always approach the critically criticized films because there is often a chance that some bad reviews may be unfairly contagious, such as a dose of flu, which hinders the judgment of some authors. <br /> <br /> It starts in a traditional way where every maniac worthy of its salts emerges. Yes you guessed it ?? a lunatic asylum! It appears that one of the detainees decided that he was dissatisfied with the level of service provided by the institution and that he was therefore seeking to entrust his business elsewhere. The invisible job pauses after stabbing an unfortunate prescription where the sun certainly does not shine. He obviously favors the sartorial sense of the murdered worker, so he takes the liberty to borrow his uniform, his pants stained with blood and everything! <br /> <br /> Three years later, we move to St Trinians College, an educational institution that is controlled by Catholic priests. A teacher is busy after working hours for her students when, suddenly, someone knocks on the door. Before she gets the chance to know what the unseen visitor wants, he stabs her in the chest with a kitchen knife and falls to the ground in a pile of blood. This of course means that there is a vacancy at the university. So we introduced Julie Parker (Francine Forbes), the lovely replacement for the recently-released speaker. It seems that his arrival inadvertently gave the resident maniac all the motivation he needed to go to a massacre without taboos. Before long, students and teachers fell like flies in front of the camera, a timid threat as they roamed the corridors and local areas armed with an exceptionally large blade. Suspicious suspects abound, but can Professor Parker solve the mystery of the campus murderer before it just becomes another statistic? <br /> <br /> I do not know exactly how many versions of this movie are available. The altered video in the UK was published under the pseudonym Campus Killings, but the US copy I have indicates that it is the unmodified complete edition, which could mean that a censored print floats part? I would be quite surprised if this is the case, since Splatter University is certainly not as delicious as the packaging of hyperbole would make you believe. One or two liters of corn syrup are certainly not resistant to the scrutiny of dogs compared to Blood Rage or Pieces. In this case, the film is a little too excited. One thing that many critics failed to mention is the charming main performance of Francine Forbes, who eventually carried the entire picture on her shoulders throughout the 79 minutes of racing. Despite Richard Haines' amateur guidance, she still reveals a magnificent potential that should have given another serious blow to serious action under a more accomplished ruler. Unfortunately, this event never happened, and bombs like Death Ring and Splitz certainly did not help to feed a talent that could have improved dramatically by taking advantage of the good purse. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast members darken the movie, especially the teens on the wooden board who, for some strange reason, acted as if they were auditioning for a remake of Grease or The Wanderers. The standard management of the bog could not help to build confidence in the project and the fact that the few signs of potential were undermined by the writer's awkward handling that left the function unusable. Perhaps the only claim of originality found in the Haines slasher is the brave attempt at the opposite conclusion. Let's just say it's not a final I expected in a film that was so typical of the cycle. <br /> <br /> At one point in the execution phase, one of the teens says, "Man that Parker bores me to tears". The same can be said of the Splatter University, which never raises the pace above idle. That said, Francine Forbes has created a delicious screaming queen and without a doubt the one I would have paid to watch her in a similar role. So, that pretty much sums up this course without troma-tising. Slow pace, poor quality but still strangely seductive; he should be particularly indulgent to give him a chance ??
