I bought the DVD BLOOD CASTLE on eBay for a few dollars without knowing what it was and all I can say is that this purchase did not disappoint me. BLOOD CASTLE is one of those trash European horror films that has almost no redemptive quality, apart from its distraction, for all the wrong reasons. Opening alone was worth the price of the DVD: our heroine, Dr. Ivanna, arrives at the castle where she is supposed to help a scientist, Baron Dalmar, who is doing experiments on dead tissue. On the way to the castle 1), a man tries to rape Ivanna. 2) the housekeeper of the castle fights with her. 3) The maid wants her death. 4) and finally, Baron Dalmar almost spits it out and claims it the next day. Hmm ... something tells me she's not welcome. With such a miserable arrival, you'd think that Ivanna would leave the place in a minute in New York, but no, like so many other great trash movies, our "stubborn" hero decides to stay and even enjoys a dinner at candles with the grumpy baron same hectic day. The intro is so scathing (it's even bigger than the memorable first minutes of this Canadian movie, JUNIOR) that I knew I was going to enjoy it. <br /> <br /> But it's not fun. do not finish there. Ivanna is regularly drugged every time she goes to bed at night, only to wake up after a loss of consciousness, naked, tied up and tortured during soft S & M sessions by an invisible man. Even after experiencing these nocturnal S & M sessions, Ivanna stays at the castle, convinced by the angry baron that what she's living are just dreams. Predictably, even after being treated so badly from the beginning, Ivanna falls in love with the Baron. Ivanna completely ignores anything negative about him, including the obvious fact that the doubter Baron is popular with young girls. All the women of the castle (it seems that only women work there) are in love with the unfortunate idiot, who is not afraid to take advantage of pretty young things. Things get even more ridiculous when someone hides around the property and kills (and kills) women. Basically, the physically disfigured brother of the baron, Igor is responsible for everything. In a very long scene, the brother warns the baron that he should not be too involved with Ivanna, otherwise he would suffer the consequences. So what are the Baron and Ivanna doing about it? Well, they are getting married of course! During the very brief wedding ceremony, the baron is shot by one of the angry residents (father of one of the deceased girls). But all this does not deter Ivanna who, in the midst of all the young girls who died and under the torture that surrounds them, happily comforts the wounded baron by saying that "it's just a wound to the flesh" and that both can go enjoy their honeymoon at the castle, where is the brother killer / rapist / executioner. All of this quickly turns into a nightmarish love triangle, between Ivana, the baron and Igor. Blame everything on love! <br /> <br /> Anyway, you have the idea: subtle, it's not. Almost everything is ridiculous in this movie and when it's not OTT, like the predictable climax, things get a little boring. But for most of the film, the director or writer delights one moment illogically trash after another. I really like this kind of film, just as subtle as being hit in the head with a hammer and populated by characters behaving illogically. Even those who made the DVD Retromedia realize this and when you access the scene selection section, you hear one of the funniest dialogues of the looped movie. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​are beautifully laughable. Generic opening and closing, with these candles and red curtains ... ah, a hint of class. The music sometimes looks like something from a Tim Burton movie, which only adds to the strangeness. And usually with this kind of movies, when the girls undress, they just ask to be killed. <br /> <br /> As a standard movie, I rate this as a 2, but as "it's so bad it's good" movie, I rate it as a solid 8-star. If you like trashy movies, watch this one. It is to see absolutely. It only remains for me to meditate: what would it take this woman to get out of this creepy castle?
