(various spoilers follow) <br /> <br /> Gene Kelly. Not Georges Guetary, who is sometimes criticized for being too young and not French. Not Leslie Caron, who is sometimes criticized for his very green performance. Not even Oscar Levant, who annoys me most often. <br /> <br /> No, it would definitely be Gene Kelly. His character on the screen is too ambitious and centered to be convincing as a penniless artist in Paris, happy to postpone criticism indefinitely, to frolic with children and old ladies and paint in the streets . That's what made him so effective in SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN and in other films where he played ambitious and focused characters. Jerry Mulligan is a sort of Tommy Albright's cousin in BRIGADOON, another story of Lerner with Kelly Miscast as an outsized American woman who falls in love with a picturesque European place and an innocent woman who embodies her virtues. <br /> <br /> Except that Jerry is not as friendly as poor Tommy, dazed. It's another irritating thing about this movie. Jerry is sometimes stupid for Milo and even worse for Lise. When he sees him in a club for the first time, he takes a dirty trick to make her dance with him. When she sits down again, he pulls an even dirtier ride to get his phone number. When he calls her the next day, she hangs up, which makes her think of going to her place of work. And all along, it's obvious that she does not want to have anything to do with him. When she starts laughing at her jokes in the perfume shop, it's about as credible as Milo's interest in his paintings. Of course, he's handsome and playful, but why should he annoy her when she's got Henri, who seems to be a gentleman? <br /> <br /> It is true that it is so uncomfortable partly because of the actress. If Judy Garland played a role like Lise, she would be covered with insults and indignant glare. If it were played by Cyd Charisse, we would admire his guts. But when she is portrayed by Leslie Caron for the first time, she looks like a shy and vulnerable teenager and, as a result, Jerry just looks like a fright. And why did they choose these other actors (although personally, I would prefer they solved the problem by changing the main role) while the whole story is based on the romance of these two young poor lovers disentangling their commitments without love towards the older and richer people? Gene Kelly is not only a few years older than Guetary and Foch, but he is old enough to be Caron's father. <br /> <br /> In short, I think everything would have been improved by playing a comic-relief young dancer like Jerry. , the genre that usually featured in musical support roles ... eg Ray MacDonald in GOOD NEWS or Bobby Van in SMALL TOWN GIRL. Maybe not necessarily but someone like them. Someone who could have chased Lise and made her look innocent; someone who would have seemed really happy to live in this chaplinesque hole; someone whose humor and naivety could have contrasted better with Oscar Levant's sarcastic grincheux. It would probably have made ballet less heavy. And that might have provided a voice that could better sing Gershwin. <br /> <br /> All this can give the impression that I do not like Gene Kelly. I like it. He has been great in most of his films, but not this one (and a few others). I do not despise AAIP itself either; he has good points, like the art direction. And Leslie Caron, who despite his inexperience is rather charming and really seems to come out of a picture. Georges Guetary is doing a good job and his "Stairway to Paradise" is my favorite number in the movie. Nina Foch is beautiful and touching and should have ended up with SOMEONE. But not Jerry Mulligan. I would not wish it for her.
