It must be assumed that those who rented this film ("the greatest filmed opera of all time", did not I read somewhere?) Do not care about opera, do not care about Wagner or do not care about their desire to appear cultured. Whether as a representation of Wagner's swan song or as a film, it seems to me a complete disaster, with a leaded reading of the score that corresponded to a delicate and dismal realization of the text. <br /> <br /> It is questionable whether people who have an idea of ​​what an opera (or, in fact, a play, especially a Shakespeare one) should be allowed anywhere near a theater or movie studio; Syberberg, very fashionable, but without the slightest justification from Wagner's text, decided that Parsifal spoke of "bisexual integration," so that the main character, in the final stages, transmutes into a kind of beatnik babe. , although the one who continues to sing high tenor - few actors of the film are singers, and we receive a double dose of Armin Jordan, the conductor, who is perceived as the face (but not like the voice ) of Amfortas, which also appears monstrously. in double exposure as a kind of Batonzilla or conductor who ate Monsalvat during the Good Friday music - in which, by the way, the transcendent beauty of nature is represented by a scattering of worn and flaccid crocuses stuck in turf, an expedient that disconcerts me. In the theater, we sometimes have to correct these imperfections with our thoughts, but I do not see why Syberberg could not have joined Parsifal and Gurnemanz, a mountain pasture as lush as that provided to Julie Andrews in Sound of Music. . <br /> <br /> The sound is hard to bear, the high-pitched voices and trumpets in particular possessing an auditory brilliance that adds extra fatigue to our impatience with the conduct and paralytic unfolding of the uninspired ritual. Someone in another review mentioned the recording of Bayreuth of 1951 and Knappertsbusch, although his tempi are often very slow, had what Jordan lacks, a feeling of pulse, a sense of ebb and flow of the music - and, after half a century, the orchestral sound of this ensemble, with modern pressings, is always superior to this film.
