NB: Spoilers inside. Assigning an artistic director to a lyric production naturally and inevitably means that you will have a glimpse of that director's mind. But directing a Wagner opera is a particularly delicate task because he was perhaps the most explicit opera composer in terms of what things should look like and how they should unfold. Hans-Jurgen Syberberg loads this film from "Parsifal", Wagner's last masterpiece, with enough foreign ideas to make it almost burst into the spotlight. You get more than a piece of the director: you get the whole fat pork and more. Syberberg must be admired for his penchant for tearing blankets over the ugliest aspects of German history. But does it work to associate this desire with a Wagner opera already brimming with its own concepts? <br /> <br /> The scenes with the Knights of the Holy Grail in Acts I and III are particularly charged with visual allegory and symbolism. These are taken from Wagner's time long before, and go far beyond. If you know what it means, they can enrich Syberberg's vision for you (without improving Wagner's vision); if you do not know what they mean, they are simply confusing, even boring. I will not bother to unfold the intrigue of the opera here. Let us say that it is a typical Wagnerian synthesis of various elements, in this case a mixture of the legend of the Holy Grail with the principles, the practices and the apparatus of Christianity. The theme of redemption plays the main role here, as in almost every Wagner opera. <br /> <br /> Personally, I had to sweat to complete Syberberg's first act (in the midst of my discordant acclimation, the music saved the day). But Act II accelerates the pace. Here we meet Klingsor, the evil wizard, to trap the "innocent fool" wandering Parsifal. The greatest seducer of all, Kundry, will be used to seduce him on the dark side. After an initial disagreement with more symbols, these are removed and the gorgeous and transforming long duo between the young idiot and the temptress really takes off. Finally, the film begins to work like magic, and this is mainly due to Syberberg's choice to put things in place naturally and simply. Suddenly, the acting game begins to work (the expressive actress Edith Clever and the sumptuous soprano Yvonne Minton to create a wonderful Kundry); all of a sudden, the music seems to come alive and bring to life the inner turmoil of the two characters. The work of the camera remains simple and fluid. In other words, Wagner is allowed to tell his story on his own terms. And it works perfectly. For me, it was the most captivating part of the movie. <br /> <br /> With the reintegration of knights in Part 2 of Act III, weird strange symbols unfortunately reappear. Syberberg's other idiotic ideas: using a huge Wagnerian death mask as the centerpiece (which gives the protruding horn of the composer a comic length); dress the Knights of Act III with all sorts of costumes, wigs and makeups (what does the director say that knights are a bunch of jesters?) that they express layers of multiple or timeless significance beyond their surface functions - nobody guesses it); inserting ?? just after the incredibly moving baptism of Kundry by Parsifal ?? rear-projection images of the conductor who repeats, in modern realism, his orchestra in the studio (that's what completely broke my dramatic thread, requiring a few minutes of regrouping); completely avoid wasting time between Acts II and III (when we meet again the narrator and the "narrator" Gurnemanz, he should be an elderly old man, and Parsifal should reappear as a tired but wiser older man); but the strangest blow is certainly to split the Parsifal character into male / female components. Some find this the most brilliant shot. I can probably attribute to Karin Krick, who plays "Parsifal 2", a game of strength and dignity (she also happens to be the best synchro-lip of the whole cast). But please ... Wagner's conception of Parsifal is already so complex. His growth from a completely innocent boy who knows nothing of his past, to his breakthrough in Act II of what the eternal wound of Amfortas means and how it became his, on his return as the great Redeemer of act III? it is the path of a masterfully constructed character. The bi-sexual accent is simply fanciful and absurd. (And what about these nonsense about a homo-erotic Gurnemanz and Parsifal? Can not we accept a mentor / apprentice relationship, which is wonderfully reversed in Act III?) Plays with passion and beauty (even if the chorus is disappointing). But after watching this film, I only wanted to extract my recording directed by Solti (STRONGLY recommended) and straighten out my Wagnerian positions. The cinematic experience has varied from strange to entertaining and maddening. On Syberberg's merit, he has created a striking work and undoubtedly offers a unique interpretation of an important opera. But instead of sticking to "Parsifal", he seems to have wanted to import everything that is Wagnerian: man, life, his enormous influence ... all in a raw symbolic code. "Parsifal", the opera is already full of symbols: the Grail, the Lance, the Holy Sacraments, the baptism, the bloody wound of Amfortas, the self-castration of Klingsor, the Kiss, the Curse of Kundry, etc. . Not to mention the * musical * symbolism that constantly resonates in the score, in the form of Wagner's leitmotiv system. "Parsifal" itself is a huge symbol! To come back to my question in the first paragraph, all of Syberberg's pork is too much for me. But if this project seems to tickle your desires, go ahead. I will not recommend staying away from this; you can find yourself wholeheartedly satisfied. Or if you need something to break your Wagner barrier, try it ... but please, please, do not stop there. "Parsifal" is in a late and very ripe league.
