I am fully aware that there is no statistical data that can easily correlate the correlation between video games and violence in real life. The film is fake and phony because it is in total contradiction with itself, that's what I tried to emphasize in my original review. The film fails, not necessarily because I really think that these children were influenced by video games, but because the film defines it as "random" and does not follow it. Let me clarify. In Aileen: The Life and Death of a Serial Killer, you can see that her claims about the police and the control of radio waves is ridiculous, but she is so upset that she really believes them to be so. The viewer can, however, distinguish. In Zero Day, the 2 children do not stop to say that they are not influenced by any environmental element, which is obviously false since everything they do contradicts it. Neo-Nazism talks about going to CNN with Wolf Blitzer (which is laughable not only because we know his name, but it is a shameless attempt of the filmmaker to cover his bad movie). . This film does not depict the "reality", it only shows the phonicity to prove a point. Unfortunately, you fell under the trap and you did not see it, and you did not notice it either. The whole film just takes Michael Moore's hypothesis and applies it to something "real life" in the hope of validating it and that fails, not necessarily because the assumption is wrong, but because the film is wrong and does not support it. Of course, I do not think children who play video games are more likely to kill people, but if I'm not mistaken, is there no videotape showing children of video games? Columbine (or teenage killers) shooting with guns in the forest what did they look like or did they act like weapons in Doom? Hmmmmmmm, the distinction is that children are very likely aware of the media, influenced, but obviously balanced or intelligent enough that it is not even a problem. Zero Day is a bad movie, not because I really believe there is a correlation, but because the filmmaker does not know what he's trying to say and the film does more to refute his argument and then support it. It's almost as if the new ratings attributed to video games were bothering someone, who offered "Zero Day" in retaliation. If you want to see the 'stupid' theory of the well-understood teen killer, go see Bully.
