This review applies to the film cut generally available in "Fury of the Wolfman". I understand there is a full version with other footage, and I hope it contains at least eight or nine crucial scenes that do not seem to be in the sequence "Fury of the Wolfman". In short, the film makes absolutely no sense. It is total nonsense, and incomprehensible nonsense. <br /> <br /> Waldemar Daninsky, this venerable lycanthropic antihero described by Paul Naschy in a seemingly endless series of films, is apparently a normal type who has just returned to Tibet, where he was attacked by a yeti. In a way, it turned him into a werewolf. Daninsky is a doctor, a scientist and an instructor in what appears to be a college. One of her female colleagues, Ilona Elmann, is involved in a form of vague hypnosis ... "Chematodes", an idiotic word used to refer to a group of threads attached to a victim's head. Ellman thinks it will allow him to "change the direction of the human brain", naturally allowing him to rule the world, as long as it can tie us all to these threads without any problem. <br /> <br /> Elmann is also in the werewolves because she takes Daninsky away and takes him to his hidden lab. She has also trapped many other people. Some resemble gypsies and are chained in varying states of lucidity. Others are clearly hippies. Elmann thinks that one day she may be able to "help them become human again" (?), But in the meantime she controls them with her chematodes. Waldemar becomes his hairy poet, wandering like a werewolf zombie - until the filmmakers decide to use spliced ​​footage from another Naschy film, "Frankenstein's Bloody Terror" (do not ask), then Naschy's werewolf makeup changes dramatically and he hangs out like an animal. <br /> <br /> Does this make sense? No? Well. It is the saving grace of the film. He does not try to engage you at any intellectual level, he just goes at full speed with any insane dialogue or cheap horror film he can muster. "Fury of the Wolfman" is perhaps the best movie of the Halloween party. You absolutely do not need to pay attention to that, and in fact, if you do, you will be completely confused.
