I first saw this little magnum for the very first time, on one of those dollar DVDs that seem to be everywhere nowadays, and I was so moved by the movie that I can not contain myself. For those who have never seen this hypnotizing and miserable Mexican import, and wish to see it without being harmed by someone else's drunken comment, there is undoubtedly significant damage as a result. So, if you're one of those foolhardy individuals, stop reading right now and go watch it yourself. If you get drunk enough in advance, you may have the chance to faint before the end. <br /> <br /> Start with the principle that a man can become a werewolf after being bitten by a yeti. No one in the film explains how this kind of interspecific implementation could happen, and the rest of the movie is even more insane. But pour yourself another glass of wine (or what you drink) and pursue. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy (our werewolf) looks like a man fighting a toothache, in a town where only the dentist has traded his Novocaine reserves for a case of cheap whiskey and has since been drunk. (Is not he the lucky one?) Naschy's facial expression never changes, whether she's wearing makeup or not, and no one has apparently explained to her how to behave like a werewolf. From time to time, he tries to mimic Lon Chaney Jr.'s squatting position, but most of the time he simply walks around in his black mafia shirt, like another cool guy with a little too much hair on his face. . To be fair, makeup is actually better than the actor on the inside, but continuity is infinitely worse. Naschy's werewolf is the only one I can think of that changes shirt twice in the middle of an alley. He goes from the black shirt to the red shirt, then goes back to black, then to red, then to black, all in one frenetic night. Interestingly enough, he always squats while wearing the red shirt and the cool guy walks around in a black shirt. And it is only while wearing the red t-shirt that we see much of the fury evoked in the title. Presumably, there is something in this red shirt that brings out the animal in him. <br /> <br /> After all, after being bitten by the yeti cross pollinator, the poor imbecile comes back from Tibet to learn that his wife has been with one of his students. The two illicit lovers try to kill him by adjusting the brakes of his car. He survives the wreck and returns home just in time for the full moon. Then, after gnawing at his wife and lover, he walks away again and manages to get electrocuted. But is it enough? Can they let this wretched man rest in peace? No chance. He is resurrected by a supposed female scientist with a hardcore S / M fetish, also known as "The Doctor" (and certainly not a new incarnation of Doctor Who). She unearths him and takes him to his frizzy moron, leads him to the dungeon, attaches to the wall and gives him a sacred good flogging. Presumably, such a series of indignities should be enough to put a little fury in any werewolf. <br /> <br /> After ransacking two t-shirts, our werewolf spends most of the rest of the movie wandering around the castle, trying to find a way out. (And who can blame him?) During his wandering, he encounters an assortment of surprisingly incoherent clichés, including a man dressed in medieval armor, a ghost of the whimsical imitator of opera (supposedly the father of the Doctor ) and a strong man. -parting the cadre of slaves of servitude. <br /> <br /> So, what is it, we can reasonably ask? We have the vague impression that it has something to do with the control of the mind and involves something that the Doctor calls "chemotrodes". (Best guess, I really do not know how it is written, if there is such a thing already.) Fortunately, the experiment ends in failure and, more importantly, it ends ... before you have time to bite your leg. <br /> <br /> Of course, we do not really expect a film like this to make sense, but at least it should be good for laughter. This one is not. Forget it, buddy. This film presents a kind of creeping anarchy, ranging from its patched tequila-like atmosphere to its atrocious cinematography and its atrocious musical score, which defies even the most urgent attempts to make all types of MST3K laugh. If it's not good for that, what's good? If Montezuma's revenge could have been digitally remastered and burned on a DVD, it would have looked like this movie.
