"The Furia del Hombre Lobo" forms a totally independent scenario that does not seem to correspond at all to Waldemar Daninsky's previous films. Some have commented that this movie is supposed to unfold before the events of "Werewolf Shadow", although it came out after ... maybe they're right, I'm not sure. Anyway, in this film, Waldemar Daninsky is bitten by a creature resembling a yeti in Tibet (excellent dialogue here - "It was a yeti, but it's impossible, I'm a scientist and these things are It's a Hallucination That's all. ") And although he wears the pentagram sign, he can prevent the passage to a werewolf until he discovers that his wife is cheated. Becoming the beast one night, he kills her and her lover, before rushing into a storm and being electrocuted. It is not long before he is resurrected by a domineering university professor who leads unfathomable experiments with control of the mind. He is taken to the underground cellar of a castle where the subjects of these experiences live like chained animals. <br /> <br /> First of all, Jacinto Molina, Paul Naschy, no matter what you call it, that's fine. actor and cared passionately about his work. No matter the flaws of these films, you can always count on him for a decent performance. The rest of the cast seems pretty good, but it's hard to tell when they have a double doubled voice on all their lines. And that was really the main problem for me ... most of the voice-over artists they used were just horrible, terrible. Whenever I laughed during the movie, it was in their inept way that they delivered their replicas (they always seemed to refer to the hero as "Waldeman"). Unfortunately, it is almost impossible to find subtitled copies of Naschy films, although they are sometimes available in the original language without subtitles. <br /> <br /> The realization of Jose Maria Zabalza seems rather random. . There are good visual ideas in some scenes, while others are poorly constructed and poorly edited, especially in the final scenes when it really matters. The reason is that Zabalza was apparently drunk most of the time during filming. He allowed his 14-year-old nephew to rewrite Molina's dialogue, used supplements without his permission and spliced ​​several shots of Molina's previous films. All this has almost ruined any chance of this movie being one of Molina's best works, and it's no surprise that they never work together again. <br /> <br /> But that's not all bad news because there are some good ideas here. Some aspects of the plot are an interesting psychological drama with the werewolf as a metaphor for jealousy and rage. The idea of ​​the werewolf as yeti was echoed in Molina's later works. Tremendous and surrealistic stuff is happening in the cellar, and there's also a memorable sequence in the middle of the film where Daninsky runs from house to house through a village, slaughtering or attacking innocent people as they go - a scene is particularly intense, but it actually comes directly from Molina's first film, "La Marca del Hombre-lobo", as well as some other shots. Overall, I found the movie a lot of fun, although there are some problems with the Front Row Entertainment version, such as some pretty obvious cuts (although it may be simply due to the lack of continuity of the director). God knows what omissions there are - I will probably try to get my hands on the full version sometime in the future. <br /> <br /> This is a decent set of vintage Naschy that experienced hobbyists could have fun, but it could have been a lot better and probably not a great introduction.
