Honestly, I did not know that the Notorious B.I.G. (Bert I. Gordon the director, not the murdered rapper) was still active in the 80s! I've always assumed that "The Empire of the Ants," deliciously inept, was his last masterful accomplishment in the horror genre, but that was before my dirty little hands came across an old, dusty VHS copy of "The Coming", a totally obscure and unprecedented film. Witchcraft movie that turned out to be a more or less pleasant surprise! What begins as an apparently atmospheric story of the end of the dark age soon turns silly when a villager of the year 1692 is inexplicably transferred to Salum, Massachusetts, and quickly attacks a girl in the museum. history. To see you, this girl in particular is the reincarnation of Ann Putman who was a good faith evil daughter in 1692 and falsely accused more than twenty people of practicing witchcraft that had led them to be executed before the state. The man who attacked Loreen lost his wife and daughter, and wants revenge for too long. But Loreen, poor and three centuries old, is only an innocent schoolgirl, ?? Where is she? "Burned at the Stake" is a mix between "The Exorcist" and "Witchfinder General" with a bit of "The Time Machine" added for good measure. Bravo, Bert! The plot becomes more stupid and insane with each new twist, but at least it never transcends complete boredom, as is often the case in other contemporary witchcraft movies like "The Dunwich Horror" and "The Devonsville" Terror ". The film goes back and forth between today's events and the flashbacks of 1692; which keeps it rather amusing and fast. The girl Ann Putman is a fascinating character, reminiscent of the character of Abigail Williams in the best-known play "The Crucible" (also portrayed by Winona Ryder in the 1996 film). There are a few sequences of cool deaths, like that of the professor at the cemetery or that of the journalist of the library, which are committed by the ghost of the evil reverend who made a pact with Ann Putman and perhaps even the Devil himself . The film becomes quite spastic and completely absurd towards the end, but on the whole, there is something to have fun. Moreover, the least that can be said about Bert I. Gordon is that he has definitely acquired management skills over the years.
