I have seen thousands of films and have never written a review, but the Red Eye I witnessed is so much at odds with the commendable homage published here that I am obliged to offer my two cents in sign protest and vote the lowest score possible just bring the average to reality. <br /> <br /> It's a boring and boring film that is memorable only for its apologetic portrayals of the terrorist target (a tyrannical diplomat of John Bolton-esquire who's really a great guy, you do not know not) and the very beautiful and popular Dr. Phil (whose successful book, we learn, is read by many travelers around the world). The only real red eye I experienced was rubbing my eyes with disbelief. <br /> <br /> Before you spend about $ 10 for this B-movie, read the quotes selected above and ask yourself if you really like a movie in which it's the smartest lines to find. Unfortunately, nothing else in this film is better. The basic principle is crazy like hell; the acting is bland and uninspired, completely devoid of pro / antagonist chemistry; the potential for suspense is thwarted at every turn - except in the last five minutes - with mediocre staging and early editing; the scenario is riddled with incongruities such as: Heroin's first revelations as a college lacrosse star are challenged when she faces the antagonist with a field hockey stick; and the holes in the plot are wider than First Class (while character development is strictly Coach). <br /> <br /> And then there are moments of extreme ridicule, such as when the daughter of a senior official does not go straight for the security of the airport, at his first opportunity, to warn them assassination plot against the Homeland Security Chief and his father. Or when the same woman runs the leather smoothly along the slippery linoleum of an airport, arms outstretched and veins in her bulging neck, while wearing stiletto heels. Or when his pursuer also pursues with a sucking wound in his trachea. Or, when terrorists use a fishing rod to get their weapon out of the harbor. I am always willing to suspend disbelief, but I will not jump to 30 feet without a parachute. <br /> <br /> The only good thing I can say about this film is that it describes women are able (even in bimbo form) to handle the most extreme emergencies - the type of imagery genre that is sorely lacking in American films. Apart from that, this film never really takes off and is no more exciting than the red-eye stealing from Boston to New York. Do you remember the last time you were tricked by misleading trailers and glowing tributes - in this forum or elsewhere? This is one of those times. Wait for the Red Eye video and do not look at it either.
