Wes Craven, you make fun of our fees. The Red Eye plot is absurd ... We are confronted by a guy who apparently spent 8 weeks looking at a girl, who then comes to an airport, flirts and chats, banging a seat next to her . a two-seater space, not trapped in the middle of a row of five seats (contacts when recording?) and is of a disconcerting beauty in a painful accumulation. Then, once in the air, in a confined space, surrounded by strangers, he immediately begins to threaten Rachel McAdams, a person so effective and so super efficient, and telling him to say, "We have your dad, do what I say, or pappa understood it. Well, forgive me, but was not their father already ready for slaughter, so better wait a long time before she gets on the plane, and so would not it have been so so much easier to snatch the girl? in the street and terrorize her in a room somewhere, forgetting the complicated and insecure plot, pulling her nails or anything until she has passed the very important "call" required? Or even - because it's the cinema and we need some unreal twists - keep Daddy's mute stuff in distress if you want, but dress it up best to keep it safe until you reach the conclusion complicated plot a sense, without the airplane buzz? Otherwise, without wanting to look like a terrorist / murderer thinking - the huge bazooka-thanile missiles used would have been much easier to use, for example, on a car driving on a highway, with the politician inside, rather than the 50th story of a beachfront hotel in Miami, from a fishing boat (note that, as we already know, security in Miami is lax, so they will run away)? I know, I know, much more fun watching a pretty girl for 8 weeks, robbing her father's house to steal her wallet (this star trek style is instantly transported from Miami to Texas) in order to - maybe - ask him to make the necessary arrangements for a politician to change hotel rooms and, and, and ... Well, a thousand problems could be wrong here, each one completely destroying the Great Plan, so why not reduce the elements to a reasonable handle, such as - 1. bazooka. 2. car. 3. boom! I was going home a 50-minute drive from the cinema highlighting the abundance of faults and stupid twists between the cod and Hitchcockian, which was unfortunately the best fun of all this sad experience. And when it comes to Miami airport security ... we have a seemingly crazy, violent girl off a plane, chased by cops who sit down to have coffee during the chase, go elsewhere to reading a magazine in a bar, then running like crazy all over the terminal ... now also pursued by the crazy Cillian Murphy (no CCTV then?) - I shot at me to park in the wrong place 10 seconds at the Miami airport a few years ago). So, instead of talking to the cops - his allies - or hurting his mouth, his father tells him that his life is in danger, McAdams prefers rather to steal a People Carrier from a family in the airport yard (Calls the accursed security ...) and goes home to daddy, knocks the assassin with the vehicle in the garden of the house, in a neighborhood rich in neighborhood watch, crushes the porch at the same time - a gesture that has wake up dad in the afternoon, after about a minute, but can not register with neighbors who are not even a little curious, thus ensuring 15 minutes more hide-and-seek the duo walks through the large Hollodeck house. .. Dohhh, it really hurts to keep thinking about all this - Cillian (surely renamed Silly to do this one?) Now go from an ice assassin to a comical (and inept) whimsical assassin at the end , this messenger of human life n Allow the father to live so that he can see his daughter cook his goose. I'd better stop, because the stream of drivel that I write here must seem as uncoordinated as the Red Eye script. If Ms. McAdams had not been allowed to board the plane in the first place, the title could have been changed from "Red Eye" to "No Eye, Dear". RR
