There are moments in this unique caricature of pure beauty but overall, it's not very good. Limited animation and a sub-standard background character and design will limit its appeal to the mass market. The character design looks like a cross between the original Star Wars Clone Wars and Disney's Kim Possible (Brendan, the main character of this film also presents a disturbing similarity to Ron Stoppable in Kim Possible). The background design goes as far as being bland and depressing, stylish and brutal, yet by today's standards, it remains globally poor and cheap. Many environments resemble the East-European or Nordic animation of the mid-80s, in their own way, but intended for the modern childish audience, accustomed to slug events in computer graphics and talking dogs, each piece of fur swaying in the wind. sure to disappoint. The story is not too engaging and many actors are not very impressive, including Brendan Gleeson, usually brilliant, who seems to call on his side. There are also some secondary characters who appear slightly clichés and racist stereotypes. However, some characters are good, the ugly Vikings, although underused, are well made and are particularly disturbing, both visually and audibly. There is a moment when the main character and his mentor are saved by the Wolves from a very well organized Viking attack. The look and feel also seemed inspired by the movie Watership Down, including a flagrant scam / homage to the Ghost Rabbit of Inlay. The look is also clearly and clearly inspired by Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo-Saxon art, so if you're interested in these topics, you may be attracted by its look. The film also contains moments of shooting very well structured, with a nice match and a large scale Viking attack, very dark and impressive. Best of all is music, much of the background music is melodic and moving, especially the song of the girl of the mind that is really beautiful and haunting and works very well with the pictures she covers. If the whole film was as poetic as this moment ((and it tries)), then it would be a very beautiful and poetic film that, unfortunately, would still not reach a large audience, but it is not too bad that it does not happen. not produce. because most of them have a medium, low-cost appearance and do not stand up to modern standards of animation. Overall, this film has clearly divided my opinion in many ways, but overall, it's not great, but it's worth watching for music, song and occasional moments, pretty or scary. Oh yes, and the cat seemed to live a long time, not knowing how it was possible.
