Chris Rock deserves better than he gives himself in "Down To Earth". Directed by the Chris and Paul Weitz brothers of the famous "American Pie", this uninspired remake of Warren Beatty's "Heaven Can Wait" fantasy, from 1978, is a reissue of "Here Comes Mr. Jordan" from 1941, devoid from the humor to the profane character that earned Chris Rock an Emmy for his first HBO special. Predictably, he swears words from A to Z, but he consciously avoids the word-F. Anyone who has seen this talented African-American comic in "Lethal Weapon 4", "Dogma" or "Nurse Betty" knows that it can cause more laughs with the word F than Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy put together. Unfortunately, despite some witty liners, "Down to Earth" strikes the rock bottom, both as an artificial comedy and an unlikely interracial novel. <br /> <br /> "Down to Earth" totally destroys any goodwill that the Weitz Brothers generated with their iconic raw face "American Pie". This disposable joke is considered an artificial and confusing comedy with a questionable interracial love story in color. Unfortunately, a more than competent cast - Mark Addy, "The Full Monty's", Chazz Palminteri of "Analyze This", "Eugene Levy" of "SCTV" and newcomer Brian Rhodes in the role of Charles Wellington, Jr. are lost flat. feet, summary roles. Hardcore Rock fans will undoubtedly accuse their favorite comedian of trying to fix something that has never been broken. Loudly written by Lance Crouther, Ali King, Louis CK and Rock, "Down To Earth" presents Chris as a messenger who rides his bike in the Big Apple and gets booed on the famous Apollo Theater in Harlem. Poor Lance Barton (Chris Rock) suffers from a great fright. Nevertheless, its charitable leader, Whitney Daniels (Frankie Faison of "Hannibal") follows him closely. After Lance learns that the Apollo Theater will host one last extravagant amateur night, he begs Whitney to put him in the training. Excuse me, but if Lance is a foolish comic, why does the Apollo continue to invite him back? Meanwhile, fate has something else in store for Lance. Back home, our protagonist sees a pretty lady, Sontee (Regina King of "Jerry Maguire") crossing the street, but he does not see the bus that hits him and kills him. Pan! Lance Barton levitates to the sky with a halo around his head. In Heaven, which looks like a nightclub for a cruise ship, Lance learns that an overzealous angel, Mr. Keyes (Eugene Levy of "Stay Tuned"), planned his death with 40 years ahead of time. schedule. <br /> <br /> Heavenly Honcho Mr King (Chazz Palminteri of "Analyze This"), God's right hand, apologizes and escorts Spear on Earth. The problem is that Lance can not get his body back, so he has to live in another body. The best Mr. Keyes can find is the unscrupulous, 60-year-old white mogul Charles Wellington. The adulterous wife of Wellington, Amber (Jennifer Coolidge of "American Pie") and her unscrupulous personal assistant, Winston (Greg Germann of "Sweet November") have just tried to poison him. Reluctantly, before Wellington's body disappears, Lance conditionally accepts him as a lender until Keyes can locate a more suitable body. Meanwhile, Lance-as-Wellington meets Sontee again. She is a militant nurse who protested her decision to privatize a Brooklyn community hospital serving the poor. While Regina King brings more charisma to her role as a crusader health worker, she embodies a character who bypasses the credible motivation in her business with Wellington. Although no longer black, Lance not only tries to seduce Sontee, but also to win a concert at the Apollo. <br /> <br /> "Down To Earth" presents Rock in his least funny role. The actor's reason for making this film seems debatable. Apparently, he had lunch with Warren Beatty and told Beatty that he liked the screenplay written by screenwriter Elaine May for Beatty. At first, Beatty himself tried the race reversal gimmick in his own version trying to play Muhammad Ali in the lead role of "Heaven Can Wait". The contract failed and Beatty himself featured the film. According to Rock, his longtime co-authors and he thought he could "annihilate" this classic. In addition, he justified his choice of "Heaven Can Wait" based on his philosophy: "Do something you can only do when you're sexy". A little earlier, Rock had rejected a scenario on a bus full of rappers on tour, as he saw very few opportunities to expand his image in such an outlet. As a lifeless comedian in "Down to Earth", Rock does not dismiss his image so much that he invades it for the worse! This half-cooked concert movie with an annoying plot is as much about cremating its comic reputation as the Weitz brothers! You know that a movie about a comedian is in a desperate situation when a scene from the nightclub is played so that you can not hear the jokes, only the laughs. Similarly, Mark Addy's cast as Wellington's butler, who speaks English from the Queen but is actually a commoner in Michigan, also defies logic. Addy is a real Englishman and he does not have to simulate an accent. his accent is authentic. The major dilemma with "Down to Earth" is the switcheroo on-like-like-like-like that the characters make so that Chris Rock does not completely disappear from view for more than a few seconds. Although Chris spends half of the film as White, the audience sees him largely under the pseudonym Lance, thus minimizing the comic irony of seeing his bald white, white and Caucasian alter-ego, interpreting the humor and sing uncomfortable hip-hop lyrics. Incredibly, Rock played the dual role of executive producer of the film and one of his four scribes. The mystery is how such a wealth of talent could create such confusion in such a comedy. Jamshied Sharifi's superb orchestral score is the only reductive feature of "Down to Earth".
