I think "The Best of Times" was a lost cause from the start. The initial premise (the guy drops the winning touchdown against a rival high school team, never seems to get over it and then tries to get the two teams together to play again) is one of the stupidest I've ever had. never heard. Since Ron Shelton wrote better sports movies, I wonder if there was anything else. I hope this movie was not lit in green by Shelton telling the story as I wrote above. <br /> <br /> We have the premise. Starting from there, one might think, or hope, that there might be some twists along the way to keep things alive. No chance. This script follows all the predictable clichés you can think of. There is not a moment in this movie that you will not see coming one kilometer before the movie reveals it and the end ... well, if you can not understand the end at the end of the first reel, then you have not paid attention or seen any other movie about the sport in your life. <br /> <br /> Robin Williams and Kurt Russell play the leading roles. Williams is the poor schmo who dropped the big pass and Russell is the quarterback who launched the fateful pass. Well, do you think Russell will go once more to the locker room to see if he and Williams can right a wrong that the city has never forgotten? It's such a lame duck comedy with a lame duck scenario that you can only shake your head wondering what could have been. Of course, there are some laughs and, to be honest, there is a really fun scene. Williams and Russell have marital problems and the wives invite them to dinner to solve problems. Neither of them realize that they were invited on a Monday and, yes, Monday Night Football is running. Bearing in mind that the two teams that play win a combined victory, the men (Williams in particular) try to resist the temptation to know how the game unfolds. The scene dissolves into hilarious pieces as Williams checks the score using a toilet visit as a trick. When he comes back, he coughs Russell down. Later, as Russell begins to move his wife, Williams watches television in another room. <br /> <br /> It's an inspired and fun scene in a movie that's mostly stupid and stupid.
