The blank check is one of those children's movies that could have been a thriller thriller for kids, but instead it's a tired scam at home that's not worth a penny. Quigley is a criminal who escaped from prison and fired a million dollars from his hiding place. We then met Preston, a frustrated kid whose brothers took the room to start a business. Obviously, Dad treats his brothers better because they make money. the same day, he goes to a child's birthday party and, as his father is cheap, he makes small children's walks while the other children are roller-coasters, he receives a card of birthday and a check for $ 11. Is this family cheap? So he goes to the bank to open an account and meets the beautiful Shea Stanley, his parents were they fans? he discovers that it takes 200 to open an account while Quigley gives his million to his banker friend and discovers that the bills are marked. He will send a lackey name to pick up unmarked tickets when Preston leaves his motorcycle to be crushed by Quigley. on the verge of writing a check when he sees the cops and goes home, his parents scold him about his broken bike and get knocked down what? their child was almost crushed and they worried about a bike? So, Preston forges a million dollar check via his computer and only comes back to be escorted to the banker, thinking he's giving him the money he gives Preston, but the real juice has come and realized that they had been fooled by a child! So, Preston buys a mansion under the Macintosh name and gets a limousine driver who says ruthless jokes and makes an epic shopping spree, then he sees Shea and tells him to open his account, you're charged and you talk about opening an account? We soon realized that Shea was in fact an FBI agent who was hounding Quigley and his two other accomplices, and then told his cheap father that he was working for Mr. Macintosh and spent the day rolling around playing at go-karting and hanging out with his limo driver's boyfriend. he goes out with Shea to a fancy restaurant, what does a 10-year-old eat and dine with a 20-year-old FBI agent? Then he takes her to a geyser in the street and has fun in the water to screw up Shea's $ 300 dress, but she takes it well if it was a bit realistic, she would slap him for messing up his dress so expensive. Quigley and the other crazy people are questioning a man. little boy and quickly spills the beans and Preston is pursued by quigley in a scene taken from the original script and, subsequently, he organizes Mr. Macintosh's birthday which is really his birthday when he discovers that he could not pay for the party he sits in his The president and father talk to MacIntosh which he does not know is his son to whom he talks and who talks about Preston should be a real kid. All his childhood is in front of him and he wants Preston to come home early what? An hour ago, you discussed his finances! so Preston asks everyone to leave and is left alone to meditate when Quigley and the others enter the house to charge Preston and then he faces a ripping final at home Quigley begins to spin into a ball that Preston leads to the go kart juice is hit in the groin and more antics ensue until the trio gets Preston cornered and when it seems all hope is lost Shea and a group of SWAT come to save the day and so quigley and his crew are sent to jail but is there any hope for Preston and Shea? there is and she kisses him in the lips what? what? what? An adult woman kissed a kid in the lips. Are you mentally disabled? I mean an FBI agent who knows that the laws of the country would risk his career to kiss a child? she could be arrested on the spot! and the scariest is that it's not a goodbye and she'll see it in 6 or 7 years! oh dear and then he goes home to celebrate his birthday, so the moral of the story is that love and respect can be bought? What are they smoking? In the end, it's a waste of time that morality is agitated, it's flat like a tortilla, the kid is annoying, the bad guys are lame, the comic relief is not funny, the brothers are unimaginable, the father is even worse, the romantic subplot is terrifying. shallow and the only thing that saves is the cinematography of Bill Pope, who turned the trilogy of the dice and two of the Spider-Man movies so that people do not waste your money and no longer look at the house at the House. <br /> <br /> This is a criticism of Samuel Franco.
