Two years ago, during the Berlin Film Festival, we watched Amos Kollek's "Sue" in the Panorama program, with the wonderful Anna Thomson in the lead role. It's a film about loneliness and sex, and how one of the things is compensated by the other. In the same section of the Festival, we now have to complain about Sue's superfluous antithesis, "Extension of the field of struggle," which is now trying to convince us that loneliness and the absence of sex are one and the same problem. . But unfortunately, we can not sympathize with "our hero" (how he is called by the storyteller) because he is needlessly and incomprehensibly tired of his company and himself. Own fault, I'm sorry. I can not understand it. Not enough, the writer / director / actor wants us to admit it, that it is not his destroyed self-consciousness or the passivity of his personality, which has brought him so far, but society is rotten and his image of sexuality. Yes, there are deeper ideas about gender relations, but we will not follow it until now ... And the fact is that there is rather a sign of reflection on its part in destiny, without sex. Who has not noticed yet, it's a pretty depressing movie ... <br /> <br /> In the beginning, some had started to be more precise in the description of the situation. At the bedding store, the "hero" talks about obstacles to buying a new bed. Maybe it's too wide to climb the stairs, you have to stay at home for half a day ... THIS is a satire about a character who does not know how to take life and the heart between his hands , DO something ... The movie does not follow this path, but manages its characters with helplessness. Nobody believes that "our hero" is able to incite Tisserand to commit murder. Too boring, too kind too - passive (not to mention the Tisserand complex, he has an inhibition, but he could not, of course, be a murderer of women!). To finish: There are women and the world, it is not the device of a modern sexualized society. Help yourself as you can, but do not follow the messages and the "wisdom" of this film, which announces the bankruptcy of a human relationship, without grasping the real conflicts that oppose it.
