For all those who love predictable movies with a dreadful soundtrack, a lack of dialogue, wazoo clichés and stereotypes that are typical of an American movie, look no further. DreamWorks wanted to save money on the acquisition of vocal talent or to create an animated episode of National Geographic; In any case, they managed to produce a rather bland and boring film. Spirit: The stallion of Cimarron is a boring party that sends conflicting signals to children and adults and also fails to entertain despite the theme so cudois animal triumphing over the man. After looking beyond the wonderful animations, you only have a huge mess left. <br /> <br /> Spirit speaks of a stallion who looks like a handful since the beginning of the movie, because it is a horse that can not be tamed, calmed, or controlled. Because of this, he gets up and becomes the leader of his group of playful horses, which includes his mother. But his life of freedom and running stops abruptly as he is captured by a group of Americans connecting the Wild West to the rest of the country. During this adventure, Spirit (who never really mentioned the fact that throughout the film has almost been) befriends a brave Native American and a fellow countryman, and also encounters many quarrels with cynical people and cruel ones of the Army who apparently do not believe it. to abandon. <br /> <br /> Why do movies have to mix computer animation with traditional animations? It seems rather mesh, something Spirited Away has also suffered. The best example is when a train runs after the mind; you see the hand drawn spirit running from a computer-animated train. It would look a lot better if it was one or the other, but not both; unless you can really achieve beautiful effects. The famous dance sequence of Beauty and The Beast uses computer animation, but it is not nearly as obvious as the train or the snow in this film. The opening sequence was the most beautiful part of the film, a little sad to see the rest of the film slide a little lower in terms of quality. A small scene has several; I mean several similar snapshots of a general's face, quite repetitive and boring in my opinion. <br /> <br /> Children may appreciate this film, but with a lack of dialogue, singing and motivation, this could be a perfect technique for lulling hyperactive children to sleep. While Disney is criticized for its animated musicals, they end up getting a lot more fun than a more realistic approach to narrating a story like this. Bryan Adams has no place in this film, and why does Hans Zimmer refrain from using a Western theme in this film when it is a story set in the Old West? Soundtrack sounds a little if you ask me. At least they use realistic horse sounds, two points for that. However, if you refrain from making horses talk, why even a narrator interrupt him from time to time, which turns out to be the main character himself? <br /> <br /> The Native Americans are nice and the West people are evil monsters, killing the natives, torturing the horses, turbulent and psychopaths that must be destroyed. More or less, this is what the Spirit shows us. It gets to a point where they are trying so hard that viewers hate the Wild West travelers; they had even seen a scene of several horses pulling a huge train up a hill, and another scene of them destroying a whole village of natives. Now, the person with whom Spirit had befriended had betrayed him on more than one occasion, but it is forgivable, apparently because he is not a soldier; or because he has the impertinent woman. <br /> <br /> The mind is not really a victim for which we should feel sorry; the spectator is supposed to sympathize with Spirit even if he puts all his group of horses in danger, wreak havoc and perhaps even cause deaths off the screen that are quickly dismissed because oh no, Spirit is in danger! This film is quite rhythmic, as we can see several times. Spirit escapes chains, kicks people, destroys property, releases horses, and is captured again, all in the same order. Writers also seem to be obsessed with cliffs because they are prevalent in the film. for an Old West movie, they certainly have very little room to walk around. <br /> <br /> Final Outcome: It's definitely not a Disney movie, in fact it's a bad thing, even if it was they were aiming for. So, instead of typical music, we get a boring movie that becomes predictable, dull and slow over and over. Even decent animation becomes inconsistent when the computer work is inserted. Everything in this movie was just wrong. from the ideal that Americans who were not Aboriginal at the time were evil jesters, to the soundtrack and musical score that seemed so far away. Kill Bill Vol. 2, which has almost nothing to do with the old west, has more Western spirit than this movie. Do yourself a favor and totally skip this by any means necessary. Thank you.
