It's nice to see artists like Oliver Stone, Brian DePalma, Al Pacino and even Michelle Pfiefer create a huge film bin. It's nice to see so rich and "successful" people waste time in one of the most forgettable, banal and pathetic films of all time. This film represents the worst of Hollywood. <br /> <br /> What is it? Is based on a true story. Well, they start with some basic information and facts that they read today about USA. But then, the film leaves in a fantastic world and a "Cuban" refugee will succeed in the sub-culture of the American drug. a lot like Rocky on cocaine. Is it a movie about Cuba or about Cubans? For my life, I do not think there is one Cuban in this film. The accents are totally false, and the scene with Antonio's mother looks like a poster for the values ​​of the American Midwest. The whole scene looks like something from the Dick Van Dyke show. Does this movie talk about Miami? This is more like L.A. transposed to Florida. After all, a palm tree is a palm tree. Is it a romance novel? The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is so obvious from the getgo, and there is not the slightest chance that these two characters will be a little worried. Is it a drug movie? Well, no problem of obsession or dependence is even mentioned. The behavior of the actors after a line of coca is no different from what they drank water. Certainly, the acting is terrible. <br /> <br /> Let's move on to the rest. The music is disgusting and sounds like Latin lift music or an excerpt from a Lawrence Welk show. I think I heard a polka? The work of the camera is of poor quality, with too much movement and many more cranes than ever before. Obviously, the photography budget was excessive. The sound is bleached in several places and the dialogue seems to take place in a warehouse. The writing is appalling. This is one of those movies in which the script is written. You are dragged from one banal dialogue to another, each pushing the plot like a bag of bricks. <br /> <br /> I will ask: Is it even a movie? It could be a dramatic series assembled for two and a half hours. But at least one dramatic series has a certain concentration. Maybe it's just a bunch of misinterpreted scenes recorded together. Anything, movie or not, it's a shit.
