THIS CONTAINS SPOILERS. <br /> <br /> I have rarely seen a film as incredible as this one. And being French, he looks for depth by being enigmatic ?? nothing really makes sense. <br /> <br /> Leo is gay and has just announced at breakfast to his family his HIV status. The youngest of the brothers, Marcel, has not come down for breakfast yet and the first thing the family has to do is decide that at the age of 12, he is too young to be tell him. Maybe if he was four or five, but twelve? The first thing is that the family does not even ask where or how they contracted the virus, how long has it been known? nothing is asked. They are only worried about Marcel's discovery. It is a very united provincial family, but although they decide not to inform Marcel of Léo's HIV status or his homosexuality, the rest of the family accepts all this news without any question or reaction. How many families do you know where parents / brothers would not have at least a reaction to one of the members announcing their homosexuality? Here, nothing. <br /> <br /> Leo decides to go to Paris to see his ex-lover. And he decides to make the trip with, Marcel, everyone. Do you know someone who would like to bring his little brother with him to see a lover? Once again, totally unbelievable, especially since Marcel is supposed to know neither his health problems nor his homosexuality. If that's how the family decided to let him know, it's pretty brutal and incredible again. <br /> <br /> Leo will find his lover, Aymeric, in his work in a bar in Paris. The owner says that Aymeric will not be here before the start of the evening. But why would Leo want to see him at work? Why not call and make arrangements to see him in a more private place where they can really talk? Why not go see him at home? But no, Leo comes later in the day (with Marcel in tow) and is surprised when Aymeric does not let go of everything to walk with him for 5 minutes. Aymeric tells him that he is no longer available, that it was Leo who left him and that Leo had not answered any of his letters. Leo says "But I love you" and then goes astray. But if he really liked Aymeric, would not he have at least not talked to him about his HIV status, to invite him to get tested and maybe take some medicine? That would be the least he could do ?? but not a peep. He leaves and does not even warn Aymeric that he may have contracted the AIDS virus. It's totally irresponsible on his part ?? and filmmakers; this film was apparently made for a French television series for young people ?? it's the perfect way to show kids to be responsible. Well, not here ?? I guess "Every man for himself" is still the French way of doing things ?? Another aspect of the movie that was totally incredible was the "delicate" aspect. Everyone is always leaning against someone, caressing or kissing him. In the family and outside the family. I have never seen anyone in France being physical, no matter the whole family. Sitting at the breakfast table, a 17-year-old brother has his leg resting on his older brother's lap, and the older brother strokes his leg while everyone sits to discuss something. How many brothers do you know who are physically HIDDEN? In another scene, the same 17 year old boy arrives in Marcel's room and asks him "What's wrong, you do not sleep?" Then undresses and, completely naked, goes to bed with his brother and snuggles against him as if they were in love. This and another similar scene between Leo and Marcel gave a somewhat incestuous impression to the film. Sorry, again, I do not think it's a regular behavior between teenage brothers. <br /> <br /> The only good thing I can say about the movie is that the actors are all very good ?? especially Marcel in the lead role. But that was not enough ?? HIV and AIDS are far too serious to be presented in such a vague and irresponsible light. At the end of the movie, the family went to the cemetery to bury Leo, but again, Marcel was excluded ?? he was entrusted to a cousin (I think). Nevertheless, he sneaks out and observes the burial from afar. Is that what a family so close together would have done? It is totally inconceivable that they did not include him in his brother's funeral. It was the last scene of the film, and it was the last straw for this viewer.
