The recent boom in dating on US TV screens has grown tremendously since the first episode of "The Bachelor". Unsuspecting audiences have since been subject to countless clones and variations, including "The Bachelorette", "Joe Millionaire", "For Love Or Money" and the execrable "Married By America". Hoping to take advantage of this trend, exploit and simultaneously exploit a new demographic, Bravo launched the disastrous "Boy Meets Boy" on the world. And may they have mercy on us all. <br /> <br /> The principle is simple and is designed to be lightweight: an eligible gay man is courted by a number of contenders, eliminated by show until there is one, but there is has a twist. Half of the men are actually straight. This is not very serious, but the veneration inherent in the scenario is triggered after hearing the fallout: if, at the end of the series, the gay man chooses a man in disguise, the straight man wins a cash prize. The homosexual man gets nothing, or at least nothing but a few gifts, a pat on the back, and a good sentence from "Are not you embarrassed?" Well, thank you for playing! <br /> <br /> Just like the equally painful "Queer Eye For The Straight Guy" (another Bravo program), this show is another example of escaping stereotypes. But what further aggravates the problem is the fact that heterosexuals play these stereotypes against money. The producers of this show believe that it is enough to put enough hair gel in the hair of a man, to dress in Abercrombie & Fitch with a pair of branded sandals, to rid of all the hair, to the fat and the whole ride! It's the gay equivalent of putting a black-faced, white, and equally shocking interpreter for those of us - like me - who are really gay and who do not dress or play like that. This implies that homosexuals have no variance or chance for individuality, that they can not behave like real people, but simply as stereotypes. It does not matter that the bank of suitors is sorely lacking in diversity. All are gym-style, most are white and look much too clean and cleaned. <br /> <br /> This is another example of how Hollywood, instead of encouraging acceptance of homosexuals as dynamic individuals has once again taken a stereotype and ran with all the way to the bank . I feel really dirty looking at this show, as shown by every gay man who sees in this seamless parade of pornography pretending to be a legitimate television. 1 out of 10
