I watched full house when I was younger and I can not understand why I did it. I do not remember really enjoying the show. I think that myself and the majority of Americans watching this movie were hypnotized by his wickedness. This will put you in a trance and you will not be able to go back. I'm still healed but I'm trying to move on. I know it's a family show, but that does not mean it must be SO bad. The series is so cliché that each episode ends with a "discussion" of the father to remove the problems of each. The characters in the series are all disgusting. There's an all-knowing, obsessed cleaning, nerdy father that you want to hit in the face every time he comes to the screen. We then have a so-called "rocker" uncle who is just there to look pretty for moms who have to watch this shit. We have another uncle who is completely insane and who makes lame impressions of Bullwinkle (should I say more about him). There is the eldest daughter who can not act and always complains of something. Then a middle girl who always says, "HOW RUD!" just about everything someone says. Finally, there is the youngest daughter Michelle. Do not get me started on Michelle played but the awful actors known as The Olsen Twins. If you believe in Christianity, I suppose you associate it with the antichrist. She is always demanding, trying too hard to be "cute", she constantly says "DUH!" and rolling her eyes which makes you want to hit her. I am not a big fan of using a lot of physical violence as a punishment for children. But in his case, I would make an acceptance. She needed it daily. She is the most selfish character ever to be featured on traditional television. An example of this is when his uncle rocker is busy doing his work in the attic. The brat decides to annoy him constantly and to demand his attention. He shouts at her and she gets angry. POOR BABY! The rest of the episode meets his emotional needs and the uncle apologizes to him. Ugghh! The show will lower your IQ and slowly destroy your will to live. I'm surprised we did not hear in the news that the full house is played in the background when the police find people who committed suicide. Do yourself a favor and do not watch the show's reruns. You'll thank me later.
