For most young viewers, they probably have no idea who Buster Keaton was. So, because of that, they will probably not feel as sad as me when I watch this movie. I am a silent comedy maniac - having seen just about every existing Keaton movie. My big fan made this movie very painful from start to finish. Indeed, during his days of silence, Keaton was a very dynamic and creative humorist. He was amazing in his physique and his films were almost never boring. However, in a move that still baffles film historians, at the end of the silent era, Keaton renounced his independence and became an actor in the MGM series. Instead of being a great creative force, MGM now considered Keaton only as an actor - and they wrote scripts for him that did not respect what made him great. At first, these movies with MGM were not so bad (like THE CAMERAMAN), but with walkie-talkies, the studio really failed by putting it in several movies with Jimmy Durante. Durante's humor was based on his gift for Gab and was abrasive. Keaton, on the other hand, was calm and action-based. It would have been difficult to find two other incompatible and incompatible actors. As a result of this deadly combination, Keaton made some truly awesome movies. <br /> <br /> That does not mean that SPEAK EASILY is a terrible movie. No, instead, it's more of a time-keeper and an incredibly funny at that. In fact, if you go into the movie assuming it's a comedy, it will probably make the movie more difficult to appreciate. Instead, it's a bit like a drama with some comic elements. It's NOT a belly-up movie - especially for Keaton fans. <br /> <br /> The film begins in a strange setting. Keaton is a university professor whose whole life is teaching. He knows nothing of the world and his nose is stuck in his books. Strangely, Keaton's servant makes him believe that Keaton received $ 750,000 from a deceased parent, in the hope that it would make Keaton go out and enjoy life. It's surprisingly artificial, but one way or another, it works. Not very good, but it works. <br /> <br /> Keaton immediately leaves school and goes to New York for fun. On the way he meets an incredibly talented theater troupe. Because he knows nothing of the world, he does not seem to realize that they stink. And because he thinks himself rich, Keaton decides to take them all to New York to perform on Broadway. However, just before the show starts, his friends discover that Keaton is NOT rich. So, they decide not to talk to Keaton and try to keep him away from the process servers that want to close the show. They assume that if the show is successful, then they can pay their debts and everyone will be happy. However, they forget that the show itself stinks. What should they do? And will Keaton have a nice girl, a gold digger (Thelma Todd) or will he be broke and alone? If you care, watch the movie. <br /> <br /> As for Keaton, he has few stunts in the film, although there are some dandies in the end. Instead, Keaton is content to kind of go through the game in a very moderate way. There is really little to love about this movie or to hate it. It's just blah ... when it should have been much better.
