This one came out at the last breath of the western genre; Unfortunately, it turns out to be a very minor effort and quite unsatisfactory - even if it is done by and with veterans on the ground! For starters, the plot offers nothing new: James Coburn escapes a gang of chains to kill the man (now retired) who put him there - Charlton Heston. While the latter gives him a trap, Coburn prevails over Heston by abducting his daughter (Barbara Hershey). Naturally, the former lawyer - along with Hershey's fiancé (Chris Mitchum) - pursues Coburn and his supporters, all of whom have served time in jail with him. <br /> <br /> Rather than handling the procedure in his In the usual sub-Ford style, McLaglen opts for an approach of Sam Peckinpah, with which he is never completely at ease: disgusting characters, many of violence and sexual tension generated by the presence of Hershey among the vigorous group of Coburn. Incidentally, Heston and Coburn had already played together in a Western Sam Peckinpah - MAJOR DUNDEE (1965); I really need to take the restored edition of it on DVD, although I recently recorded the theatrical version in pan-and-scan format off TCM UK). Anyway, the film is too generic to give the elegiac atmosphere to which it aspires (also suggested by the title): the two stars had already valued this kind of the most American music - WILL PENNY (1968) for Heston and Coburn with PAT GARRETT & BILLY THE KID (1973)! <br /> <br /> At least, however, Heston maintains a minimum of dignity here - his aging character trying to stay ahead of his half-blooded Coburn anticipating what his next move will be; The latter, however, addresses an unusually brutal role and does not really make sense until it reaches its peak (savoring his moment of revenge by sadly forcing Heston to witness the Hershey gang rape by his associates). In addition to this last sequence, Heston tries to deceive Coburn with a trick borrowed from his own EL CID (1961). The vicious gang is then trapped in a bush fire lit by practitioner Heston and the violent death of the two obsolete. protagonists (as usual, the disappearance of Heston takes the form of a free sacrifice!). <br /> <br /> The secondary cast includes Michael Parks as the inefficient sheriff of the city, Jorge Rivero as Coburn's Mexican lieutenant and Larry Wilcox. - from the television series CHiPs! - as the youngest member of the Coburn band who has been assigned the task of watching over Hershey (while doing his best to keep his fluffy comrades out!). Jerry Goldsmith contributes to both a tasty but equally remarkable score.
