First of all my most sincere thanks to anyone who bought a movie ticket in the hope of seeing a film in the same mold as the fantastic Gregory's Girl and Local Hero, but ended up leaving the theater disappointed and vaguely deceived. It is true that the suites are generally, with a few notable exceptions, an error and they exist simply to give studio managers the opportunity to take advantage of the success of a previous film by offering us a retreat barely disguised of the original story, a movie. A plot so far from the intentions of the original that the resulting film has no meaning. In the case of Gregory's Two Daughters, Bill Forsyth has the dubious honor of being able to commit both sins - on the one hand revisiting Gregory's Girl's plot, while presenting a frankly unbelievable and stupid scenario that includes traffickers of Scottish weapons. Schoolboy Gregory is now a teacher in the same school where, at the age of sixteen, he harbored a hopeless passion for footballer Dorothy. Although now thirty-five years old, Gregory still has a hopeless passion, but now for the footballer, Frances, also sixteen, although a music teacher, Bel has made it clear that she is attracted to him. . Her passion for Frances and her desire to impress her has resulted in her being involved in a project to unmask a local arms dealer who is also an old school friend. There is no point in going further because the rest of the story is forgotten and the end makes no sense. The main problem lies in the character of Gregory himself, as there is no sign of the endearing and charming 16-year-old Gregory, who actively and comically pursues Dorothy's conviction that he would end up win it. At thirty-five, Gregory is presented to us as a creature rather sad and without friends, whose life is neither active nor comical. Outside of work, he spends his time watching videos of Noam Chomsky and reading magazines about international injustices. While his friends and family from the previous film have apparently disappeared, except for two useless scenes with his younger sister, who no longer gives him any advice or seems more interested in his life, we do not know what Gregory really wants. he is and why he is as he is. Why for example is it without friends? Why does he never see his father, who is clearly still alive? Why did he come back to teach in the school he attended? Why is he so interested in Noam Chomsky and injustice? Why did he become so apathetic? Why is he attracted to Frances? Why is not he attracted to Bel before the last twenty minutes of the film? In the name of heaven, what does Bel or Frances see in him since he is neither magnificent nor even interesting? Why does he continue to try to impress Frances even after he and Bel have become objects and their association threatens to completely disrupt his life? Should we really believe that a Scottish arms dealer openly selling torture weapons to oppressive regimes might be able to escape the scrutiny of the media, but fall foul of some schoolchildren? Does Gregory really think that throwing a handful of computers into the sea will change something? To make matters worse, actor John Gordon Sinclair tries to revisit his performance as teenager Gregory, up to facial expressions and awkward body language. Unfortunately for a thirty-five-year-old, it just seems strange and vaguely scary. In addition to this, it is difficult to feel sympathy or empathy with a teacher who has erotic dreams involving sex with one of his uniforms carrying students while they are both lying on a pile gymnastics mats. Rather than being fun, it just smacks of pedophilia. It's hard to know what was going on in Bill Forsyth's mind when he wrote this script or why he thought fans of the original movie would embrace a story that was so lacking in charm, wit and warmth that turned the first film into a classic. I can only assume that the plan was to create a film about a man who refused to grow up and engage in adult life and who was perhaps the one who best remembered being sixteen years old and having pursued the most beautiful girl of the school, but who was obliged gradually to accept that a life lived in the past is not a life at all. It could have been at least the basis of a thematically interesting and intelligent film. As it is about Gregory's Two Girls, totals 116 minutes lost and vain, which say nothing and which mean even less. Gregory's daughter was responsible for launching Bill Forsyth's career. Hoping that Gregory's two daughters will not be responsible for making it flow.
