In the days leading up to gore and sex, real horror movies were made. Castle of Blood is, in my opinion, one of the best, although other reviews have given him mixed odds. This is strangely reminiscent of the more recent movie The Others, which was in theaters a few years ago. <br /> <br /> The director Antonio Margheriti re-made his own image in 1970 by titling this time Web of the Spider (AKA Nella Stretta Morsa del Ragno). Why he did that, I do not understand, even though the remake featured Anthony Franciosa and Klaus Kinski and he was very good in himself. Perhaps he saw a good story and wanted to adapt it more to the American public. I do not really know. It is interesting to have made the original in black and white and the remake in color. <br /> <br /> Castle of Blood is an excellent Italian Gothic. The Danza Macabra would be an unpublished work by Edgar Allen Poe, who "appears" in this film. Poe and Lord Blackwood, owner of a haunted castle, are betting on American writer Alan Foster (George Riviere) that he can not spend the night at this castle and survive. Foster eagerly accepts the bet but quickly regrets it as he witnesses a series of murders committed by ghosts. It seems that ghosts come back to life every few years, but they are doomed to reproduce the crimes they committed in life. Lord Blackwood has conveniently forgotten to tell Foster that his blood is necessary for them to be resurrected at the next Night of Souls! <br /> <br /> It does not take long for Foster and the beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (incarnated by the incomparable Barbara Steele) to fall in love, even if their story is doomed, because Elizabeth is one of the ghosts. I will not give the end, but I will just say that Castle of Blood is a romantic tragedy just like a horror story. <br /> <br /> Comments. This film is very atmospheric, even by the excellent standards of the Italians. My personal opinion is that they are doing real horror better than anyone else, and black and white filming, somewhat dark, only enhances that. In all fairness, Web of the Spider suited perfectly, even with higher colors and brightness. I loved the persistent shots, which most modern filmmakers do not have the patience to do. Indeed, when Alan enters for the first time in the cursed castle, we have the pleasure of giving him several minutes to do nothing, but wander from room to room, fear and malaise developing in his face and manners. By the time the first ghost appears, the audience is fully prepared and ready. There is a wonderful dialogue between Alan and the ghosts, something else that is not often done in classic ghost stories. There are also memorable scenes, very visual for this type of film. The "murder" of Elizabeth and the dance scene (which is reminiscent of the similar dance of the 1962 Carnival of Souls ghouls) were particularly successful. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, few viewers of general interest will hear, let alone this film. It's a shame, because it far exceeds the rest. I got my copy of Sinister Cinema and I'm not sure it can be bought elsewhere. For people interested in this genre, it's a must.
