This is the second time I have seen this movie for about 12 years. These remarks come from someone who thinks that Kane and Ambersons are incredible and worthy movies. But the rest of Welles' career is unfortunately wasted in a material unworthy of his talent and too fragile to support his cinematographic embroidery. And when he makes a boiler like that of Shanghai, the lack of significant obstacles to hang his film turns is a bit sad. I could not tell you what he was exploring here. It is as well mannered as the fucking Irish Irish rogue; which takes a lot of effort, but absolutely adds zero to the film. Several Welles projects have become this overdeveloped and baroque. Mr. Arkadin (choose a version, any version) is a similar project. The material is of no consequence. He just can not bear the weight of all these noodles. For a director who deals with reality-based drama (as here), he never feels tempted to tie his vanity pack to reality; or a coherent story. The ploy of murder for rent is ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Congratulations to Welles for haircutting Hayworth and giving him this performance. The camera likes it. She is the most chic, the most chic, the most sensual and the most beautiful femme fatale ever put on film. But his betrayal comes so late in the film that it sounds like a desperate decision. The film will have a genre that suits. The movie can not be saved by a black convention deployed in the last 60 seconds. <br /> <br /> When everything is said and done in L.F.S., the convolutions are all made for what? to convince you that you saw something thoughtful? to give more to Welles? to roll your eyes? Welles has no sensitivity for the breadth of a story or to tell a story directly. One wonders what Shanghai has to say to anyone who is not a paralyzed billionaire, organizing a ploy of murders on behalf of the quadruple cross, or a fanboy in love with cinematic vanity devoid of meaning and substance. <br /> <br /> Overworked, absurd, without commitment.
