Jochen Hick wrote and directed this little suspense thriller based on the concept that the AIDS virus was a mutated virus mutated by the government to rid the world of homosexuals and that it had apparently been tested on convicts in the years leading up to the onset of the ugly disease. . Without the poignant character of the concept of the film, it would fall into the category of many films on the ruin of the world by a non-detrimental and endemic infectious organism. <br /> <br /> Stefan (Tom Wlaschiha) travels from Berlin to San Francisco to investigate his father's scientific assumptions about the induced virus of the ewe and its effects on the convicts into whom it has been infused. He meets with some disdain and some resistance to a dead theory, but also meets people who know the theory and support his investigation. Simultaneously with his visit, a series of serial murders are taking place, each victim being killed in the same manner and each murder apparently accompanied by pieces of music from Puccini's opera 'Turandot', which is just in the beginning to San Francisco Opera. Police investigators Louise Tolliver (Irit Levi) and her police mate (Kalene Parker) follow the murders while Stefan goes around the sex clubs and bars in San Francisco to try to locate men who could have to be guinea pigs for his father's theory. He meets a strange boy, Jeffrey (Jim Thalman), with whom he has an attraction for the cat and the mouse, and a prominent Dr. Burroughs (Richard Conti) who seems strangely involved in the distribution of the suspects. This is how the film is played, a story about Stefan's and Jeffery's search for self-identity as well as an investigation into murders. <br /> <br /> While Tom Wlaschiha, Jim Thalman and Richard Conti are doing well with their roles (they are the only three to have an acting experience in the film!), The quality of the film deteriorates considerably by the less than acceptable Irit Levy and Kaylene Parker, gifted with minimal talent: controlling the credibility of the story falls below zero. There are a few small cameos of some actors that illuminate the screen for the times they live, but throughout the film is drowned by the incessant repetition of 'Nessun dorma' sung by Mario del Monaco from a recording of the opera - and that seems to be the reason for making the movie! Good idea for a film and good characterizations by the actors, but there is no resolution of the initial principle that triggered everything. Grady Harp, February 06
