The plot of "Astronuat returns to Earth as a mutating monster" went extinct in the 1950s, mainly because of the scientific fact that traveling out of Earth's orbit does not mean that humans are turn to mutating monsters, and that the first movie to use this plot THE QUATERMASS EXPERIMENT was the only decent sci-fi movie to use this idea. So, the idea of ​​a redundant plot return seems doomed to failure. Alas, looking at the MAN OF THE INCREDIBLE FUSION, it seems that the plot is the least of his problems. <br /> <br /> First of all, this is an incredibly bad movie. The budget is single digits and I'm talking about reading, not dollars. There is no cinematography per se and countless editing mistakes. For example, a photographer uses his (hardly legal) model for a photo shoot. Cut on a plane where the sun is directly behind the model, then on a shot of the photographer where the sun is directly behind him, then on the model where the sun is ... <br /> <br /> The absence of The budget drags the film in other aspects too. According to the trivia page, the budget was so low that producers could not get any footage from Saturn's archives. When astronaut Steve West mentions how beautiful Saturn is, we get images of the sun. In fact, the sun gives the most impressive performance in the film since human actors would not be employed by a porn studio. If I appeared in this film, I would not be scared by the eponymous monster - I would be terrified by the bursts of the rest of the cast. Perhaps we should be a bit indulgent, however, since the obvious lack of budget is manifested by things like the fact that actors have to wear their own clothes. A general, for example, does not wear his beautiful fancy uniform with medals - he wears a denim jacket and a baseball cap <br /> <br /> There must be a suspension of disbelief for a movie like this one works, but it fails on all levels. The tone is given early in the film where Mr. Melty murders a nurse and escapes from the hospital. Instead of the police receiving a call saying there is a murder, Dr. Nelson simply decides to find his patient alone, while searching for a missing cat. It's also strange that a homicide monster in full decomposition can walk on the road without anyone noticing, but it's typical of a movie where 70-year-old sluts stop their cars on dark roads for a quickie and where people nonchalantly mention that their wife is pregnant while forgetting to say it. the police said there was a monster on the loose. <br /> <br /> INCREDIBLE MAN IN FUSION is a junk of quality Z. I can certainly understand why people appreciate this film because it reaches the top of "It's so bad that it's good "But apart from the sometimes impressive makeup effects of Rick Baker, it's nothing more than a very guilty pleasure
