Emma is my favorite novel by Jane Austen - Emma is well-intentioned despite her flaws, so readers can forgive and love her, and her relationship with Mr. Knightley, a warm, familiar, respectful but cheerful relationship which generates this romantic excitement heat. Mr. Knightley is the ideal man, and Emma is as close as possible to an independent, intelligent and confident woman - remember that she is only 21 years old and she was sure to have matured and developed its weaknesses. Who does not want to be Emma? Who does not want to be ridiculed by Mr. Knightley? This version of Emma does not give you any sense of things that I like about Emma. I could not even finish looking at it, I thought it was so horrible. I could not see that warm and generous side of Emma, ​​which urged the reader to love her: the patience and warmth she shows her father; the closeness between her and Mrs. Weston, which testifies to her willingness to place her friend's happiness above hers (while she sacrifices the only equal companion in her household by passing on the Miss Taylors wedding). The character of Mr. Woodhouse in this adaptation seems simply bizarre, rather than simply picturesque, old and a little tempting. <br /> <br /> This adaptation especially fails to give life to the relationship between Mr. Knightley and Emma. Their relationship is built on mutual respect and affection: Mr. Knightley is indulgent to Emma's minor faults, persuaded that her intelligence and sincere concern for others will never allow her to go astray terribly; and Emma looks up at him, though hiding that amusingly and continuing to use his own judgment. The bandage he gives her from the beginning of the series completely overestimates the argument between them and ruins any possibility of portraying the nature of their relationship, as I described above. Mr. Knightley is also not sufficiently attractive to bring sexual tension between the main actors (or to inspire the admiration of viewers). <br /> <br /> Really horrible. I do not understand why those who really love Emma's novel might like it, unless it miraculously redeems itself after the moment I turned it off.
