With the exception of about 10 minutes sublime with HB Warner on the Heavenly Train, it was a breathtaking 94 minutes of horror! The acting was atrocious, but the story is what I really found dreadful. The acting was wooden and on stilts, even by early standards of talkies (the exceptions being Lee Tracy and HB Warner, none of them can be wrong). Rose Hobart was absolutely horrible and lifeless like Julie (as she was also in 1932 with Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, an otherwise great movie). And the rest of the cast was worse, there were no words to describe their horror. <br /> <br /> Worse than the actor, however, was the story. For an unknown reason, Julie loves Liliom, a doc woman and user of women without any quality who redeems them. He marries Julie but does not support her. He stays in bed all day or with his criminal friend (Lee Tracy). And, oh yes, he never has a kind word to say to Julie and he beats her regularly. Julie nevertheless likes it and constantly looks for excuses, which seems to make it even more violent. What is even more sick is that this film presents this story as a love story. In one way or another, we are supposed to see Julie as a noble character whose pure love redeems Liliom. WTF? <br /> <br /> The last third of this film takes place after the assassination of Liliom (a plot of robbery goes wrong and Liliom plunges a knife in his skin rather than being taken away by the police). While he was lying dying, he said to Julie: "I beat you all the time, but I do not apologize." When he finally dies, she finally tells him that she loves him. (None of the two characters ever said "I love you" to each other when they were alive.) After his death, God's Chief Magistrate gives Liliom another day on earth so that he can "do good" to his unborn child. The price for this is 10 years in hell. After 10 years, Liliom is allowed one day on earth to see her now 10 year old daughter. He approaches her in the garden of her house and tries to persuade her to let him "do something good" for her. he tries to make her play cards, he tries to give him Gabriel's horn, but she is not interested and pushes him away. So he slaps her. He. Slaps. Sa. And then he disappears into life after death. Looking, we see her daughter talking to Julie. The girl said the slap did not hurt, it was like a kiss. It's supposed to be the magic moment of the movie. The girl asks her mother if such a thing is possible and Julie answers that "someone can beat you and beat you and beat you and not hurt you at all". Then the music grows and Liliom ascends to heaven in the celestial train. BLECH! <br /> <br /> The film had a salvific merit: the interview between the chief magistrate (HB Warner was really beautiful here) and Liliom in the heavenly train. The magistrate had very deep things to say to Liliom about life, second chances and death. This scene alone made me pass this note from 1 to 2 stars. Considering Liliom's suicide as a way to escape his problems, the magistrate said: "People assume that when they die, their hardships are solved for them.You thought that by killing you, you would cancel all your It's not as simple as that on Earth, your name is still pronounced, your face is always present, and as long as you are remembered, so much will be the endless question. not completely forgotten, you will not be done with Earth, even if you are dead. " Some sublime transcendental stuff among the most horrible garbage I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> By the way, this story has apparently been shot several times both as "Liliom" and as a musical "Carousel".
