Universal's answer to "The Exorcist" is not very good. Unfortunately, the film offers a bland and unimaginative direction of Michael Winner, which wastes an exceptional cast with a scenario in the shape of a crater-sized plot. Not to mention that it's incredibly stupid to never explain some key elements of the story. <br /> <br /> The model Cristina Raines settles in a building of the Catholic Church with the blind and scary priest John Carradine, still there at the window. She begins to suffer from discomfort and nausea. The worst is the tenants she meets in the building, like Burgess Meredith (with a cat and a canary!) And a young Beverly D'Angelo embodying a lesbian. Ava Gardner (who looks great at 55) is the real estate agent who showed the place to Raines. Cristina's lover is Chris Sarandon, whose wife "committed suicide" after discovering they had an affair. José Ferrer has a small role as "priest of the brotherhood" which informs Bishop Arthur Kennedy to pay attention when he goes to the very tall building housing Carradine but also Raines. Sarandon sends a salaried hand into the skyscraper one night to check a room above Cristina's apartment where she hears metal noises and other sounds of slapping. He ends up being killed the very night Cristina "kills" his DEAD father in a nightmare. Cristina does have blood on her, forcing police detective Eli Wallach and her partner Christopher Walken to investigate with absolute certainty that all this brings back to Sarandon, a lawyer who beat the police. court concerning the suicide of the entire woman. This case is really a motivator, it's Wallach's stubborn approach to knowing who really has blood on Cristina and if Sarandon has anything to do with it. You also have Martin Balsam as a teacher who understands this type of Latin. Cristina mysteriously understands unbanked actors, such as Jeff Goldblum as a fashion photographer and Tom Berenger as a man interested in this particular piece that has become available in the same room (now renovated). ) that Cristina has already lived! What bothers me more than anything is the lack of explanation. Towards the end of the film, Wallach and Walken are forgotten and we wonder why they just decided to stop their research. Their characters are simply left in the background. How do priests know that "the time has come", when a certain man will die and will have to be replaced to protect a certain door of this skyscraper and why Cristina suffers from the trauma she suffers is not explained correctly. How some ghosts appear to Cristina and disappear when she tries to show Gardner the pieces they occupied on the birthday of a cat (see for yourself), is not explained correctly. Not to mention Gardner's role in the grand scheme of things ... she brings people into this skyscraper, but what are her real reasons in the movie? It seems that this film should have been longer and clearer, leaving a hasty conclusion that is just ludicrous when it should be scary.
