The prison is located in Wyoming, where the work of a new prison is problematic. The Council of State has decided to reopen a former state penitentiary closed for 20 years. Director Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) is in charge. Some 200 prisoners are sent and repaired, including Burke (Viggo Mortensen) who is ordered to enter the former execution chamber. He is obliged to, but when he enters the brick door, an intense beam of light pulls all the electricity, gas and fire around the prison goes crazy for a few minutes. Burke unleashed a deadly evil force that would want to kill and no one is safe ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Renny Harlin I thought prison was a poor horror movie of the late 80s seemed to forget the small point of having a story. The script was written by Courtney Joyner, a regular at Empire Pictures, who wrote "classics" such as Class of 1999 (1990), Puppet Master III: The revenge of Toulon (1991) and Puppet Master Vs. Demonic Toys (2004), among other budget horror poop that even I have not heard of and seems to take themselves very seriously. The biggest problem I have with Prison is that it's way too slow. More than 30 minutes after the beginning of the film, even before the "evil force" was released, even if the pace accelerated towards the end, but it was too late. as far as I am concerned, then there is the fact that there is no discernible scenario here. First of all, he never tries to explain why a "perverse force" is hidden in the former executing chamber, this never explains why this force decides to kill random detainees while it is supposed to participate in a revenge mission or why she does not do it. immediately kill guard Sharpe, no explanation is given about Burke's interest, although he looks exactly like the prisoner electrocuted and returned, there is no real explanation as to how the guardian is connected to everything It happens apart from two nightmare sequences in which he seems to remember something although he never revealed what it was or why. To be honest, I could not give you a summary of the plot, because the film has no hard story, which it follows closely. The characters are sad and forgettable, the murders are rare and distant, the rhythm is far away, the whole movie is messy and even the ghosts can not turn right when it comes to trying to film the hero. A less than satisfactory way to spend 100 minutes, there are really better things to do. <br /> <br /> Harlin director's first American film does a good job and the atmosphere is decent, but after more than an hour of prison cells and dull, dull, dark corridors, I started to 'bother. I just think the look of the movie is way too repetitive, bland and really lifeless. I did not think it was scary and the gore is tame, except for the best moment of the whole movie when a policeman is killed when a load of barbed wire wraps around his body and his face with a nice close-up of his throat. to be torn. Other than that, there is a burnt corpse and a mutilated body falling from the ceiling and very little else. There is a scene where the guard burns all the prisoners' mattresses in front of them, then forces them to stay up all night in underwear in the yard. I was looking at this scene and I thought you would never get out of it. Here, the prisoners have rights and if the director did something like that, all those humanitarians would be scandalized and every prisoner would sue the director, the prison service and the government for everything they had and they would win! <Br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of about $ 4,000,000, the prisons had a pretty healthy budget, although it does not really look like the screen. Of course, there is a decent cast and the few special effects included are good, but overall everything is set. in the same place with limited ambition. The prison was actually shot in a real Wyoming state prison. The role is correct, Prison proves that sometimes Hollywood stars have not only a skeleton of horror film in their closet, but also in the case of Mortensen, he has two with this terrible movie about the chainsaw massacre (1994) I'm sure he'd like to forget about it ... <br /> <br /> Prison is a 100-minute loss, dull, lifeless, colorless and humorless, despite a good gore scene I actually do not like it at all In fact, I prefer that my films have a story rather than seemingly random events and incidents paved without any narrative sense.
