Me too, but this movie is unfortunately one of those movies that are too bad to be good and too good to be bad, which makes it totally useless and a total waste of time. There is nothing more uninteresting than a mediocre film and My Name is Modesty: whatever the subtitle, mediocrity takes a new step. It's full of B actors, but it's not fun at all, because it's taken seriously. It is defined as a thriller but then turns into a kind of growth drama, flashback style. Beautiful Alexandra Staden, stifled by makeup, looks more like a Top Model actor than Modesty Blaise. I'm not one of those crazy comics who want every adaptation of his precious "graphic novels" to be perfect - in fact, I've never even read Modesty Blaise - all I wanted was a decent film to watch. . But it was not that. The film seems half finished, with a weak and unenthusiastic conclusion for a rather weak plot. He also takes his audience for idiots, explaining us every detail of the plot and showing us flashbacks of things that happened there are three scenes (I think they think we all have Alzheimer's ). <br /> <br /> good B-movie - What's better than just turning off your brain and swallowing the cinematic equivalent of a Calzone? - and "Modesty" is directed by none other than Scott Spiegel, who brought us the wonderful splashy shit movie From Dusk Till Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money! I loved From Dusk Till Dawn 2 because it brought everything a bad B movie should bring to the table - nudity, bloody, firearms, etc. "Modesty" is just boring. The flashback about the life of Modesty is not interesting. The acting is not serious enough to make you laugh. In fact, I liked Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau's performance a bit (hey buddy, your nicknames are your friends!) As a villain. <br /> <br /> All in all, it's just nil. Low. Without inspiration. Call it what you want. Do not look at anything because Tarantino presents it, people. This is just a very forgettable thriller, heartless, and it never tries to be more than that. Let me conclude this review with a very lame word game (seriously, even though I'm backing away): My Name Is Modesty: A loss of modesty time - 4/10
