I grew up reading Modesty Blaise, comics and books, and she really is a heroine to me. Although not a big fan of Quentin Tarantino, I was still interested to learn a few years ago that he was planning to make a film of her: could he finally give Modesty a nice treatment on the big screen which she is worthy? I heard about 'My Name Is Modesty' a few months ago and checked the stars assigned to it here. I was not too surprised to learn that the score was not too high, as beloved characters often have a hard time melting the fans' heart if not done exactly right. So I decided not to read any reviews and see the movie instead, well, I just finished watching it, and I'm stunned, sad and yes, rather angry too. Sad and furious to spend more than an hour of my time seeing something as fabulous as the character of Modesty Blaise becoming a movie that has nothing to give to a spectator or a fan. <br /> It seems that almost everything about this movie is mediocre and unprofessional, although I must admit to having seen actors in other movies earlier where they were doing well, so I can not blame them. But the scenario and the staging ... my God, why even make this kind of bullshit with production values ​​slightly higher than those of your average tele-film, but which are much worse? I do not know the background of this film and, in fact, I really do not want to know, but I can not help but wonder how on earth could Tarantino say, with an impassive face, that he likes Modesty, then what is his name? He just lost a huge amount of respect to me. The director was not the right candidate for this job and I can thank him sincerely for ruining my night. <br /> <br /> I give this film 3 stars and these stars are for the actors and the technical quality that could have been worse. The other seven missing stars are why this movie was not good Well, I hope that at some point, there will be a serious production of The Modesty Blaise Movie that has other goals than that of steal money from Modesty fans. Although if people like Tarantino make the decisions, I can not hold my breath.
