Ulli Lommel's movie 'The Boogey Man' (1980) is not a classic, but it's a cool budget chiller above average that is worth a visit. The sequel, "Boogey Man II" of the years 1983, is finally a waste of time, but at least, it is entertaining if not taken seriously. Now, I left the door open for another suite and I would not have wanted to see at least one more. One day while browsing the videos in a mall store, I came across a movie called "The Return of the Boogey Man". When I discovered that it was a sequel to the previous movies, I was happy to pay a few dollars for that ... I should have known better. Although the opening title is "Boogey Man 3", it is not a follow-up to these two much superior films that I named above. Well, not quite anyway. <br /> <br /> Benefits: Ha! It's a laugh. Is there anything good about this piece of cow dung? Let's see ... he has pictures of "The Boogey Man" and, uh ... it's thankfully short. Yes, that's about it. <br /> <br /> Disadvantages: where to start? Oh, make decisions. First of all, this movie is a total boredom. It goes from scene to scene without anything interesting or scary. The acting game is at best stiff. The "actors" are probably friends of the director who had no experience as a comedian, and probably none since. The plot is non-existent and the script is poorly written. The management is just awful. The director tries to give the film a very artistic look by moving the camera, flashing the lights and using filters, but it does not add anything. The music is dull and difficult to hear in parts. The links with the original are sloppy. Suzanna Love's character was Lacey, not Natalie! And the events described at the beginning of the original did not take place in 1978. Moreover, if Title 3 is indicated, why is there no mention of what happened in II? Finally, it does not add anything new or interesting to the series or the genre. <br /> <br /> Final thoughts: The people behind this loss of time and money should be ashamed of themselves. It's one thing if it had been an original film that was the director's first and that was nil. But instead, this movie is supposed to be a sequel to the movie that is not a masterpiece, but is much more interesting and entertaining than that. If there is another one, which I doubt, she must forget about it and be treated by Lommel himself or someone who has at least some idea of ​​how to make a decent horror movie. <br /> My rating: 1/5
