Let me just say that I loved the original Boogeyman. Of course, it's a horror movie of the 80s, but these guys are fun to watch! And what's more, it gave us something a little different. So, I bought it with pleasure and, to my great surprise, this film came with it (only copy they actually had), so I thought "Hey, what's the hell" and I bought it. Mistake # 1. So that night, I felt like watching a movie (I actually bought tons that day) and I thought it was the shortest of all those I bought, so I'm just going to look at that and put myself in the shelter. Mistake # 2. Yes, I heard how bad it was, but I was ready to try my luck. <br /> <br /> So, a few minutes after the beginning of the film and the first flashback. I do not think about it at first. Then, the new pictures with the prediction of the girl in the bathtub and I like a little direction in which she is heading. Then the next flashback is a bit longer and I sit and think "Yes, I saw the first Boogeyman I know what's going on, so go ahead! Next, the next comes and I think I screw it And then the last one (maybe I went quickly in the explanation but why was she lying naked on the mirror?) At least she could show it to them! decided to advance through, then the climax and the movie was over! WTF? What happened to the prediction? What happened to the long-haired guy (did he type that or what And more importantly, what kind of weed did the writer and the director smoke during the making of this awful PLV ?? !!! And what was the purpose? Did Annie come to have flashbacks about what happened in the first movie? Or did the content of the first movie happen just at the same time? I mean, because Pantyhose Face's stabbing took place in 1978 according to the characters of this film and it was 15 years later. Wait a minute, no it would not! Because Lacey (whose movie has been renamed Nancy!) Is Uli too stupid to remember the names of her movie characters?) Would have been 20 years since she was 5 years old and not only is she married to someone one who looks to be 30 but who has kid looking around 7 and 10! Did she move to college? And also why Pantyhose would be after Annie? What relationship does it have with the characters in the original film? And a huge huge movie mistake I've found in this movie is that when the doctor writes in his notebook does anyone notice that he's just scribbling? Wow, it's professional, Doc! So, what is the explanation of all the questions I asked above? THIS IS A FILM WITHOUT POINT WITHOUT THOUGH REGISTER IT! I will try to find a copy of the original movie provided with this movie and voila (maybe some extra features, a special edition of it?). Then I will return this DVD and I hope that this criticism and all the others will prevent those who have not seen it to see it, which will force the cinemas to get rid of it and this film may no longer exist! Please, let it be so! Sorry, this review is so long. I'm just mad at this movie, I had to free myself
