A mourning couple moves into a mountain hut after the loss of their daughter, discovering that there may be ghosts haunting the place, worried minds of former occupants who have committed suicide. Julie Pyke (Cheri Christian) blames her husband Allen (Greg Thompson) for the horrible death of their daughter who left the door open and the marriage deteriorated because of it. Julie remains in a state of zombie, not arousing emotion, distant and numb, only photographing a nearby abandoned prison, finding a striking image of a ghoul girl hanging on the bars of a cell. Although Allen sees nothing extraordinary, Julie continues to take pictures and we can recognize that something is wrong. A local handyman, Jim Payne (Scott Hodges), a distant comrade with a secret, becomes a dangerous threat when it is revealed that his dead mother might have something to do with the events that took place. place in the Pykes. Meanwhile, the neighbors who sold the cabin to the Pykes are also victims, Mr. Booth's alcoholism to his wife returning to haunt him. Allen will investigate the history of his cabin, trying to unravel the mystery of the place. <br /> <br /> Many ghosts move in the background in this dark supernatural story with virtually all the miserable characters. Cheri Christian remains so empty and lost that it is incredibly difficult to communicate with her despite the fact that you understand her predicament. As is often said, the acting is frustrating because none of the characters are easy to master. I suppose that's supposed to be the case, in their circumstances, but the problem I had was never to be able to correctly kiss the Pykes because of their constant state of alertness. Cheri is cold and detached, as I think a mother would tend to be when you lose a child this way, but the icy nature made me crave to kiss her, which I was never able to . I think that the good performers, even if the characters go through an emotional turmoil, can seize the hearts of their spectators, if a humanity reaches out to us ... in the case of this film, the main actors are unable to do so, for some reason . It could have been me, I do not know. I wanted to take care of them, but nothing in the characters was pulling at the strings of my heart. Anyway, as the film continues, Allen slowly discovers some truths and has to defend himself against his wife who has convinced herself that their daughter is among them and that she will not lose her daughter anymore. Jim, the unstable neighbor who believes that to put an end to the obsession that rages in the region, it is necessary to kill the Pykes, becomes a vital threat. The ghosts remain a central part of the film, their presence, especially Jim's mother, established everywhere in the distance. The finale reveals that Allen must find help for his wife while trying to thwart Jim's mission. I had trouble getting into this one because of my discomfort with the main roles and their characters.
