Well, now what is it supposed to be? Is it a spooky family movie to take advantage of the huge success of Spielberg's "Encounters of the Third Kind"? Or a return to glorious days of prehistoric epics such as "When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth" and "The Lost World"? Perhaps it is an intellectual and philosophical masterpiece that we do not all understand? Yes, it must be that! Anyway, the creators of "The Day Time Ended" (the good old John 'Bud' Cardos of "Kingdom of the Spiders" and the writer David Schmoeller of "Tourist Trap") had to take a lot of glue when they collapsed the ideas for this crazy mishmash of genre. The story does not make sense and the narrative structure is incoherent but hey, we do not care as long as there are papier mâché dinosaurs, miniature spaceships, light and laser shows and supernovas who burn spontaneously! The introduction of the voiceover is virtually inaudible, but do not worry, it's gibberish! Did you know that the definition of "time" is not what we all think? Time does not necessarily go in chronological order, it's a giant paradox! Words that have been spoken thousands of years ago are still floating around, and even things that will happen in the future are already surrounding us. I have absolutely no idea what all this means, but apparently, it provides an easy excuse for gathering dwarven extraterrestrials dancing tap dinosaurs and well-behaved dinosaurs. I voluntarily say dinosaurs are high, because at one point, one of the prehistoric monsters knocked politely at the door before threatening his targets. The crazy plot is about a family of crazy people living in their solar house in the middle of nowhere. Grandfather is extremely annoying, his granddaughter even more, his grandmother is a billboard for plastic surgery, the youngest son strangely resembles Prince Valiant and the young mother is ?? incredibly hot! Chris Mitchum, for some reason, also walks around the set as a husband of the hot mom on a business trip. The special effects are really tacky and absolutely laughable (I sincerely hope that the other reviewer who spoke about excellent special effects was sarcastic), but the most awesome aspect here is the dialogues! Just read this marvelous example of extraordinary writing: <br /> <br /> Grandpa: "You know what it is, is not it? It's a distortion of space- time! <br /> <br /> Stevie: "I'm not sure what that means, daddy" <br /> <br /> Grandpa: "Well, I guess nobody knows really "<br /> <br /> Decide yourself, gramps! And stop talking about" The Vortex "as if you were an expert in the field!" The Day Time Ended "is an incredibly childish fantasy that is not worth the It's hard to be bothered by the movie, although I fully understand that some of its fans cherish this film because they saw it at a very young age and were fascinated by the flamboyant effects. they had suddenly run out of money or the effects of the mushrooms they ate unexpectedly wear out.
