I must say that I was disappointed by this movie. I have never been a big fan of BNL, I find their songs quite childish and nostalgic (it's me in 9th grade, if I had a million dollars, a box of shoes of life, etc.). However, I have seen excerpts from their show and I really like the improvisation and the awkwardness of the show. I was hoping that this film would highlight what is unfortunately the most interesting part of the show because their music is well played, but bland and not so convincing (there is a stand-up solo in the center, completely useless and boring, despite the work of Jim Creegan). The film does not show it and only shows a few minutes (and you know they had better moments, like in the Afgahnistan concert "Koffee Anan, he's the man in charge, my name is Steve Paige and I am really tall "). <br /> <br /> BNL, it's a bit like when I went to Europe a few years ago and I heard the song "blue" Godawfull by Effeil 99 or every 2 minutes, I came back to Canada then a month later. this song was everywhere * still *, I almost gnawed at my arm. BNL, it's like that, years ago, I remember a lot of memories of sitting around a campfire in Canada listening to people playing "If I had a million dollars" BNL was a cult phenomenon in Canada, and its humor is typically Canadian (Kraft Dinner is a staple for many students and the name "Gordon" is essentially Canadian), but they slipped a few years later. in the dark and I was a little grateful. Then all of a sudden, they get huge in the US, and everyone down there thinks it's a whole new band (yeah, they're new, but they're all in their thirties!) While the rest of Canada says, "Oh Really, I thought these guys had fallen back many years ago, should I listen to 'million dollars' again?" <br /> <br /> The sequence of concert is not bad, but I would have liked to see more of their scene The routine, the filming is not so good, and things like clips of their huge free show in Boston are too quickly enamelled. The interviews are surprisingly boring for such a funny group, I think they are all old and they have families, houses and stuff and they have calmed down a bit. There are times when they go to Spinal Tap, where they deliver a satire without issue, then they burst out laughing and laugh, that kind of ruin. The interviews with Moses Znaimer (a Canadian media mogul) and Terry David Mulligan (music guy) are extremely pretentious and unintentionally heading for the Tap territory. <br /> <br /> This movie does not document a lot either, I mean, it's actually a show and at the beginning of the movie, they're already huge and have a huge touring entourage, that's not as if we saw them coming out of the darkness and "surprising", they are popular, it is a methodically planned event, so the end is rather lifeless, kind of half live concert, half documentary, and not much of the two . <br /> <br />
