Dude, I really can not believe that the wonderful Alan Ball has nothing to do with this mess. Having seen the first two episodes so far, I think I can say safely that this show will not be on my list of must-sees. There are so many things that work against it. <br /> <br /> None of the actors is particularly good. Anna Paquin, as Sookie's main character, is just awful. I remember it was better in many other things I had seen it so maybe it's just writing. It's not very fun to watch either, there are times when, frankly, it looks really ugly. The actor who plays Bill is slightly better, if only because his character is supposed to be wooden and distant. The other actors do their best but, with clichés with accents difficult to interpret, they are given a difficult job. Tara is an absolute misery to watch, Rutina Wesley absolutely kills the accent. It's like nails on the board. Nelsan Ellis is almost as horrible, it's hard to understand what he's saying even sometimes. Her character as well as Tara's also seem a bit racist to me. I do not know, asking a character to say "why come" on an HBO show that is not The Wire seems a little strange. Sookie's grandmother, her sex-addicted brother and the only awesome casting talent I've ever seen in the sheriff role I saw in William Sanderson round out the cast. <br /> <br /> destination at this point, without any real concern to keep the viewer interested. The romance is very dark Shadow-sy. Although this shows the camp factor of something like these old episodes of Dark Shadows about ten times. Sometimes it seemed so campy that I just had to assume it was planned. But unlike a show such as Buffy, who fired brilliantly, this is not the case. The extreme sex of the show is moved. I am not opposed to any of these things when they are well done, as has been the case in many other HBO shows, but here at least, they extend the scenes of violent sex involving Jason Stackhouse seem a little excessive and irrelevant. /> The only interesting thing I can really think about about this mess is that I liked the sequence of the opening title. HBO has had a lot of bad luck with its shows lately. I hope they cancel it after the first season and they try to get something better on the air.
