This show had a lot of hype but I only knew it until the middle of the season (season 1). Someone even recommended the show. But I decided that if I went to watch it, I would wait until the end of the season to watch it en masse. Because of the format of the show, I'm happy to have waited. I guess it would have been pretty annoying to let almost every episode end in the middle of a cliff hanger, then wait a week longer to find out what's going on in the second story. <br /> One way or another, this show has managed to throw too much sex. Jason will make love with just about anything that moves. Just after discovering that a woman with whom he had sex was killed, he is in bed with another woman the next night! Then Tara and Sam understand, although everyone knows that Sam is in love with Sookie. And for some reason, Sookie gets angry when she finds out later - even if she's sleeping with a vampire. One of the problems of the series is that it does not allow you to be interested in the characters. I did not really care about Jason at all. Along with his endless research in the story, he was rude to people who were really worried about him. After a few episodes, it would not bother me if he was killed. It was for this reason that the murders were of little interest to me until Sookie's grandmother became a victim (the first two being more closely related to Jason). <br /> <br /> Then, once Sookie and Bill have had sex, the story gets some extra side-tricks. Tara's mother wants an exorcism, and the exorcist woman tries to convince Tara that she should have one to eliminate her own demon. All the exorcism did not bother me as long as I knew some people really believed in it. However, they lose little time showing that it is a joke just after Tara spent about $ 1,300 in exorcism for her and her mother. At other times, some developments happen too quickly. Jason continues to be a fool, trying to sell his grandmother's stuff to buy vampire blood, which is apparently the new crack or something. In his research, he finds this girl who will make V (vampire blood) with him. They break down and, within three days, fall in love with each other and kidnap a vampire in search of a constant source of V. Another example is when Bill has to appear in a vampire court. He left only two days before Sookie began to feel abandoned and began to wonder if he thought the "vampire politics" was more important than her. <br /> <br /> The subtlety is not the highlight of the show. It does not take a genius to understand that something is going on with the local dog. Although my hypothesis was not perfect, it was not really a surprise. But the last two episodes of the final were really annoying, as they pushed all the evolutions on your face, as if you could not get away with it. When Tara is involved in the car accident, the face of the naked woman with the pig is clearly visible and is easily recognizable when she comes to the prison for her rescue. As if that were not enough, they show again the lady with the pig at her house. Then it's time to finish the story of the murder. At the end of the penultimate episode, it is revealed that Renee is not what he says he is and that he is most likely the killer. In the final episode, they pushed Renee to kill you. Sookie remarks that it is strange that Renee's thoughts have no accent. I thought it was good because it adds to Renee's fraud. But the next scene is full of evidence against Renee. They show that Renee has Maudette's cassette with the vampire and that her fiancee finds a cassette in one of Renee's boxes on how to simulate a Cajun accent. At this point, it was just ridiculous. I mean we get it !!! So, blah blah blah it happens. Bill almost kills himself by not saving Sookie, who still manages to kill Renee. They begin to set up Season 2 leaving unfinished numbers. The naked pig lady and Sam have a story, Lafayette is gone and could have been killed. Jason is brainwashed and becomes a religious idol for an anti-vampire church - which makes me even less caring for him. <br /> <br /> It's almost surprising how many people love this show. . I think I was just expecting this show to be better. I'm interested to see what happens in Season 2, but if I look at it, I'll probably wait until the end of the season.
