There are two types of characters in THE SHIELD: the people who try to do their best and do the right thing, and the people who are relentlessly pursuing their own self-interest and committing all the possible mortal sins while saying to themselves same and to all the others they are. hero, and the only hope of all. THE SHIELD is more than any other show dedicated to hypocrisy and self-deception. Unfortunately, hypocrites and self-destructors are the heroes of television series. As such, they have the unlikely typical immunity to be defeated or caught and they impose themselves again and again, making fools of all their peers. . <br /> <br /> The show has an excellent camera work. The inputs and outputs are always superb. It's really a work of art to see. Unfortunately, the story tells a dreadful scenario of gratuitous violence, rape and lies. The hero, who trains everyone with him in a failed ploy, has been wiley like a warrior. cartoon character, escaping and still mocking all of Elmer's fudds (anyone who does not support him in his lies and his crimes), automatically attracting any attractive woman supporting the character to come into the series, still surviving to any attempt to bring him to justice and ALWAYS scratching your ears with his self-atrocious justifications. If another officer detects something that is wrong with something he is doing, and someone gets hurt because of his actions, he always blames the suspect policeman, regardless of the fact that his ploys, his elaborate lies, and his condemned plans are still the cause. Everytime. <br /> <br /> Like 24 years old, this show is based on artifices and innumerable delays to drag its history from season to season. Each season, boring and incredible long-term stories are injected into the storyline to provide a skeleton on which to hang the bloody and wicked pieces of meat that constitute the corrupted acts and inevitable concealment of the characters. <br /> <br /> The most disappointing however is the pride of the writers who try to change the sympathy of the viewers, to go far and from the characters on caprices. Sometimes they want us to consider Shane as the enemy. Sometimes they want us to see him as a poor misunderstood soul. Sometimes, they want us to consider Vic a dangerous sexual dynamo. Sometimes they want us to see him as a poor guy with a heart of gold. Sometimes they want us to see Mara as an ugly Jezebel. They then think that if they show her sitting and talk about her dreams with Shane, we'll find her compassionate and tragic. <br /> <br /> None of these manipulations is enough to get the type of sympathy they want. . Once they have shown these characters that they ruin the lives of others for their own ends, that's all. It is absurd to keep trying to turn around. But then, it is also foolish to produce seven seasons of these annoying clowns, drawing all the existing supermodels to their beds and directing a crime syndicate directly from the police station, just under the noses of everyone.
