Located in South Africa, a young black man tries to get a role in a film "gangsta". But without any knowledge of street life, he is asked to discover what this life really looks like, otherwise he will not get the role. He manages to make his way into a gang led by an old friend of his school and his chances of appearing in the film diminish as he commits crimes to be accepted. But for the gang leader, the nascent disaster of his new friend's life suggests a golden opportunity to do something better with his. <br /> <br /> Although it may seem relatively interesting, it's all but that. The first half is incredibly sinuous and tedious, while the "hijacking" only comes late with low-speed car chases very poorly executed. In these "prosecutions", only two police cars are used, both of which are Nissan Sunny in the early 90s. These would not only be inexpensive (and I find it hard to believe they would use cars as commonplace in South Africa in 2000), but as far as I can remember, there are only 2 people involved and none of them are scratching themselves once. The car chases are poorly filmed, with distant and poorly synchronized camera angles and minimal traffic on the roads. They are completed in about 2 minutes maximum, because you are supposed to believe that a very small child is in fact a qualified driver who can easily escape the police despite the fact that his driving is pedestrian and totally harmless. That brings me now to characters and acting, which are just as bad. The aforementioned child driving the car appears to be about 13 years old and is said to be extremely adept at losing the incredible inept police. All the others are equally unconvincing, to such an extent that they sometimes even look bored. <br /> <br /> On the last scene of the movie, the gang leader asks our main character ("Sox Moraka") to steal a car from a parking lot. While he has trouble opening it, the police arrive and ask him what he is doing. He answers by saying that it's their car. After a brief argument, they try to stop him. He then holds the police under the threat of a revolver and jumps into their car. Once inside, the police respond and in turn, he is injured. After another pathetic pursuit sequence, they decide to abandon the car and turn it on to destroy any evidence. The following is one of the most frankly laughable and terribly awful special effects I have ever seen. When the car "explodes", superimposed flames suddenly appear from all the windows with terrible sound effects that are not even in time. It's so badly done and so phony that it's hard to express it with words, and you really have to see it to believe it. If you look at it in slow motion, it looks even more funny. I have seen better effects than that in documentaries on rebuilding a murder. The car is a Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi. Something that would not be worth much, and that they could not seriously afford to destroy it with a real explosion? I would like to know what is the budget of this film. It's so cheap that I'm surprised to have it out of South Africa, and even more to have it out on DVD. <br /> <br /> I know it's not a big-budget Hollywood production. I know this is meant to represent poor suburban gangs from South Africa who steal cars from the middle class and sell the coins on the black market, but with derisory effects, poorly executed car chases, horrible and ridiculous characters, the reality is completely lost. <br /> <br /> Overall, I will certainly NOT advise you to look at this. If you want to laugh and see one of the most poorly designed and low-budget treats ever created, then I would recommend it for that, and only for that. <br /> <br /> It's a miserable, poorly done, poorly edited, badly paced and tedious piece of low budget that fails on all counts. I have seen many South African films, including many cheap NuImage / Nu-World action movies, and despite their unhealthy appearance, they are much better in every respect.
