I just saw "Si ??" I remember the commercials for the 1968 film, so I finally wanted to see it. This may be the point of view of an American who has never attended a British public school and lacks some social references, but I found the film horrible. On the one hand, as others have pointed out, it takes almost the entire film to trigger the much-maligned revolt of the moment. On the other hand, whether the last scene is real or imaginary, what happens is not a revolt, but an unleashing of fire. There is a difference. <br /> <br /> I know that judging a film about later events may be a bad form, but it can not be avoided here. One person wrote on a bulletin board asking us not to compare the end of the film to the incidents at Columbine High School and Virginia Tech. But if there is a difference between Klebold, Harris and Cho on one side and Travis (Malcom McDowell) on the other, I just do not see it. All four were convinced that their shots would purify an imaginary world from which they took no arrogance. <br /> <br /> Which brings me to: why the hell are Travis and his comrades even in a school they despise so much? They are adults or relatives. They are not in a military prison, like the detainees of "The Hill", a much better British film of the same era. Nobody forces them to go to school and to be beaten by whips, except perhaps for ambitious parents who need an awareness of the nature of their sons. In college, I had the opportunity to join a fraternity, except that I could not stand to receive stupid and cruel orders from offenders claiming to be my future "brothers". I took the consequences of not having the "in" with the establishment provided by the frats, and I can not say that I regretted it. <br /> <br /> If Travis gets an idea of ​​Lenin's second coming in his room), he is free to go out and organize an adjustment union or work for Michael Foot at the next election. If he wants to be Jack Kerouac, then hit the road and start writing. What benefit can he give to the world by riding a motorbike and getting drunk in his room? <br /> <br /> Sometimes, the critics must look like the person who responded to the scene in "Last Tango In Paris", where Brando is moping to have had an appointment with cow dung on his shoes . In the real world, said the person, an auditor would say "Why not take it off? Change shoes?" - Do not allow fictitious characters to make a pityed journey because you do not dare to tell them another way to make good sense. So it's here.
