if .... is the kinematic equivalent of Sgt. Pepper's: Revered by baby boomers as the pinnacle of creation, and considered a bit ridiculous by previous and subsequent generations. Now that middle-class kids around the world are seemingly superhuman because of the Internet, and view the prospect of a boarding school as a wonderful opportunity through Harry Potter books / movies, the relevance of if ... could not be to be further from modern concern. In fact, many scenes seem so strange and exaggerated that they suggest an inspiration for Pink Floyd's The Wall. <br /> <br /> We should never oppose personal bias to a film during replay, not to mention the sealed date of this film. there are some flaws that others have neglected. Lindsay Anderson was known to be a fan of Luis Buñuel, besides being too smart for his own good. And despite a direct narration through the first and second acts, the last part of the play was taken hostage by Buñuel, a surrealist cod and attempts at symbolism. Anderson was not capable of this feat because of his over-cynical cynicism, not seeing that Buñuel was jovial in his work. I have not found any criticism that supports "the chaplain in a drawer" and I am almost certain that the looks of those who love this film attract him. The end is not so much a concise punch in the established class / value system as the wet slap on a moving target. <br /> <br /> The British public school system was firmly aimed at the middle classes (home-educated by private tutors). And if ... 's modus operandi was to tick boxes of public school life that, according to Lindsay, had not been explored in the film, thus saving the pretext of the middle class. Homosexuality, generation cutlery, cold showers et al. In fact, these issues had already been addressed in many other great British films, if ... simply put them in the foreground. The Browning version was a more oblique crest of such a pump, to name but one. <br /> <br /> if .... is strangely picturesque and simply can not be seen with modern eyes (especially American ones). Congratulations to Anderson for avoiding Mick and Kieth in favor of African singing, and some brownie points for latent homoerotic nuances. Points deducted for purported purposes, establishing characters that disappear and prompting a simple revolution that ends
