Ah, the spirit of '68. The streets of Paris were revolting with rebellion, the hippies were full of love. How did Britain mark this age of radicalism and revolution? Well, dear old Blighty, apparently looking to make movies about boys in residential schools. If ... contains the evil establishment. It contains the rising of the oppressed. What is lacking in contrast to the Parisian passion and the hippie tete-a-tete is all excitement, except in the ammunition and artillery fire that is coming to an end. Lindsay Anderson's If If stars - Malcolm McDowell is one of three students from a private school to decorate their dormitory with pictures of Lenin and other radicals on the left. It is clearly an anti-establishment film in its representation of the diabolical oiks of the upper class that make the law and obsolete autocratic practices of the standard of public schools. What makes Si ... so unusual is that despite all his radical sympathies, this does not explicitly give us the feeling of a great tension between human decency and the despotic school system, but rather a sort of floating system : missing intrigue and missing personality. <br /> <br /> Surrealist passages weaken from time to time and the film goes back to black and white to become color again (is it due to the low budget or is it an artistic expression?), but there is little interest as such. All we get is the poignant denouement where the rebellious youths take their rifles and shoot down the dark lords of the establishment. Hurray! A revolution! Finally something that requires a second thought unlike the rest of this boring dream boarding school exercise. <br /> <br /> If ... could have been a powerful political statement, but as it derives and brings together only sense of direct interest in the end. Instead of testifying to the dissident zeitgeist of the late 1960s, he only managed to become a dazed document of British upper-class education. Anarchy? Apathy rather, the only man that many viewers will want to paste after watching Si ... will be Lindsay Anderson.
