The system of British public schools has not evolved with the very idea of ​​educating the upper classes despite this widespread misconception. It was designed to train administrators and governors, officials and soldiers to lead the British colonies. These people have been almost fully recruited. When public schools began to show their worth, the descendants of the aristocracy were sent to them rather than being educated at home by guardians and governesses as had been the case before. They tended to favor the nearest schools. Eton and Harrow became particularly popular with this class of parents.The vast majority of public schools welcomed their students in the lower social classes, Tom Brown, perhaps the most famous public school pupil of all time, was the son of a country priest, not a belted count, so in the late 1960s, England was plagued by postcolonial guilt and the loss of her last commitments to her former charge as fast as Harold Wilson could escape his mac "Gannex." Lindsay Anderson's "If" was cathartically greeted - joy by talkative classes and slight perplexity by all the others - it must be remembered that the so-called "summer of love" was followed by the "October Revolution", an event that left some policemen in London with headaches and the US Embassy with one or two windows So, when Mr. Anderson's film arrived in theaters, the disgruntled former revolutionaries worshiped by proxy what they saw as Mr. Malcolm McDowell's glorious victory over an amorphous "their" despite the fact that he was shot without mercy in the end, a fate that would undoubtedly have been canceled. they had succeeded in their attempts to enter the embassy. The film did not tell us anything new about public schools, homosexuality, intimidating cold showers, sarcastic patrician teachers, silly traditions. A too familiar list. It has been declared as an allegory comparing Britain to the corrupt and ruined society represented by the school. Well, almost forty years in the same schools are still flourishing, the British social system has not changed, the "October Revolution" has long been forgotten except by those involved on one side or the other and Mr. Anderson has completed his "State of Play". Country trilogy without any effect If, by chance, you want to read a book about schoolchildren who managed to bypass the system more successfully than Mr. McDowell and his friends and who also lived to tell the story, find out a copy of "Stalky & Co." written by the man whose poem "If" has been widely criticized for the film of Mr. Anderson, a man born in colonial India, a man whose work is in to pass quietly through the airbrush of our literary history, and do it before the talkative classes reach the person.Maybe someone should start a revolution about it.
