There is a very good scene in Faat Kine. The main character argues with another woman and after being threatened, Faat Kine sprays her in the face. The scene works because the act is so unexpected, bizarre and rather funny at the same time. In this example, screenwriter / director Ousmane Sembene gives the audience an easy-to-locate character, an interesting movie character who might be worth watching for two hours. In the scene, he presents a brave woman who is bold. For the rest of the film, the only other thing he seems to be presenting is a contradictory tone. <br /> <br /> The tone is everywhere. It's true that not every film has to fit clearly into a specific genre, but I do not think Faat Kine fits into any genre. Supposedly, it's a drama, although there are times of such a broad comedy (the aforementioned spraying on the face) that it can not be taken seriously. On the other hand, the film is certainly not a comedy with plenty of serious topics that Sembene has crammed into the picture. There is a way to successfully mix comedy and drama. Unfortunately, Semebene does not find that balance. Instead, one scene after another unfolds without rhyme or reason, leaving two different tones in the wind. <br /> <br /> Faat Kine also has the problem of running two hours with an extremely long finish. The movie ends with a big party where all character conflicts are resolved, except they are not resolved quickly. The scene lasts longer than any other scene and lasts probably twenty minutes. Until then, the rest of the scene has been winding, the final is particularly difficult to bear. The rehearsals begin early in the scene, making it a frustrating visual experience. <br /> <br /> Maybe I'm too hard on Faat Kine. I am not the right audience for this. I did not feel anything towards the characters and had no connection with any part of the story. There are people who will probably find something meaningful in the story and see strong characters. However, I could not do it so I can not recommend it.
