The lock merchant, Leo Fulci, changes pace by making a trashy, barely coherent, horror film, and witchcraft instead of his usual, trash, barely coherent horror. <br /> <br /> An Orlando Bloom guy called Ilias, from a society that vaguely resembles ancient Greece, crosses the ocean to a caveman's territory as part of a a vaguely defined quest to fight evil, where he associates himself with a hunter who loves animals. the wolf-man and the mutant henchmen of a diabolical witch with naked vampiric breasts. Madness ensues. The witch, oppresses the local cavemen and wants the magic bow for herself. She sends various servants, all stranger than the others, after our heroes who have finally won, striking everywhere oppressed cavemen. This film contains a constant stream of WTF? elements and moments. <br /> <br /> For some reason, the whole movie is shot with soft focus and the picture is even more blurred by the constant presence of fog on the screen. It may be an attempt to create an atmosphere or hide what everything looks like. In any case, it failed. There is no atmosphere, unless it is a feeling of confusion and a slight perplexity and there is no hiding how bad everything looks. The henchmen of the wolf-man resemble the wookie of a poor man. For some reason, the director fell in love with pictures of them jumping in the air in slow motion, like Six Million Dollar Man, towards our heroes when they attack. There are probably about a dozen of these shots throughout the movie and it gets more and more awkward each time. The other henchmen of the bare-breasted witch, other than the leather-clad humans, are lumpy white mutants that appear to be covered with spiderwebs. Needless to say they are slow and safe and when they talk, they look like Hispanic gays, Daleks. The fighting is stellar and unconvincing and the special effects are deplorable. Oh yes, music is a cheap synthesizer that the creators of Doctor Who would have been embarrassed to have used. <br /> <br /> Ilias, our nominal hero is bland and unforgettable. He also looks completely seductive, especially with his belly revealing a leather outfit and big hair, and is clearly a moron. Of course, he is a dynamite shot with his magic bow, but he carries with him only three or four arrows in his mission to fight the entire continent of evil. Needless to say he lacks arrows in minutes and must be saved by the more traditional hero of saber and sorcery, Mace. When he meets Ilias, he asserts himself as a taciturn solitary type, claiming he has no friends, but you can not say earlier that it's a latent homoerotic subtext, it's a friend intimate, which roams the misty hills together. Mace promises to take Ilias with him in exchange for favors related to the bow. Ilias asks where he is going. "Wherever my legs take me," is his answer. Pretty good for Ilias. Mace is also an animal lover and a scandalous hypocrite. He proclaims his great love for animals and his great affinity for animals, citing the usual stuff about how he prefers them to humans because humans can be so mean. He said he would never hunt or kill an animal for food, but he would steal meat from other people who tracked animals. Nor is he above randomly killing innocent bystanders without good reason. Shortly after they meet, he tests Ilias' bow and the film shows a random caveman, overseeing his own affairs, walking and Mace slaughtering him. There is no indication that this poor soul has done anything to deserve this, and even Ilias, who is from a more moral and civilized society, does not even raise an eyebrow. <br /> <br /> The wickedness of the movies is quite unusual. For the whole film, she is completely naked, with the exception of a string and a gold mask that surrounds her entire head. It's as if Fulci had included it to make the T & A quotient of the obligatory movie but had decided that it was a bit far-fetched at the last minute. She apparently spends a lot of time with her domestic snakes and dreams of being shot by a man without a face wearing a man dressed like Ilias. Wow, such symbolism! Later in the film, she can not beat Ilias and Mace and promises to be the sex slave of a former warrior, if he kills him for her. Barely the scariest villain in the world and not really a step forward for women's rights. I think he represents the creatures of the spider web of our heroes and personifies Mace in a situation where there is no one but Mace to fool. Was he really worthy to exchange your respect for yourself, Ocron? <br /> <br /> There are many more WTF? moments. Most of them arrive at the end of the film. Ilias resigns, I forget why, maybe his permanent hairstyle is scrambled, but realizes the mistake of his behavior and comes back to help Mace fight the forces of evil. Suddenly, for no reason, his bow can suddenly launch several targets in search of energy. Bolts can also pull through a solid stone if necessary. Needless to say, it does little hordes of bad guys who captured Mace. <br /> <br /> The climax is also rather absurd. Mace decimates the remaining forces of Ocron using the laser attack capability targeted by the arcs. He is then able to shoot Ocron one kilometer away using his shooting ability through stones. She begins to die. His mask is torn to reveal a hideous Muppet's head. She staggers and turns into a dog and gets lost with another dog. Mace smiles. Keep some credits. <br /> <br /> Strangely, when it comes to these sneaky, low-budget sword and witchcraft movies, this one is reasonably lucid and focused. Anyone who has seen The Wizards of the Lost Kingdom can tell you how absurd and sinuous these films can be.
