Although released on DVD by Blue Underground about five years ago, I never met this Italian article on "sword and witchcraft" on Italian television late at night and, now that I've seen it by myself, I know exactly why. Not because of the typical predilection of its director for extreme gore (which there are some examples to be sure) or the fact that the handful of women who compose it scrolls all the time, topless (it is after all in the dark age) ?? is just very poor. In fact, I would go so far as to say that this is perhaps the worst of the kind I've ever seen and, believe me, I've seen a lot of it (especially in recent years, it's to say after my excursion in the region of 2004). Venice Film Festival)! By reading about how the film's failure at the time of the initial release would have led to his director's (and unfortunate) career of sinking into stupid, low-budget stupor, I can understand his argument: I might prefer the earlier "giallo" period of Fulci (1968-77) to his more popular work horror (1979-82) but, even in the latter case, his commitment was indisputable. On the other hand, CONQUEST does not seem to have inspired Fulci in the least ?? seeing how he decided to drape the debate with a perpetually boring fog, sprinkle it with incongruous characters (cannibals against werewolves, whoever?), gore without interest (we are entitled to a free and nasty cannibal dinner just before attending the carnivorous party-goers literally having the brains beaten by their hairy antagonists!) and even an extremely unappetizing intimacy between the nasty masked and brain-nosed (do not ask) and her sticky, reptilian pet !! For what it's worth, we have two heroes for the price of one: a young boy wearing a magic bow in an odyssey claiming manhood (Andrea Occhipinti) and his raging companion (Jorge Rivero or Frenchy Howard Hawks). RIO LOBO [1970]!) Who, despite the name of Mace (or Maciste, perhaps?), Seems to be there to pass from time to time on his caveman and put his young protégé away from trouble (especially unpleasant attack of 'boils'). Unfortunately, even the usual saving grace of this type of lowwow content is unfounded, as the electronic score of ex-Goblin Claudio Simonetti seems terribly inappropriate at times. Fulci even managed to give the film a ridiculously squeezed coda with the sturdy surviving hero going aimlessly into the desert (after defeating both with the help of the primordial magic bow - both for his so-called physical force!) on his next ?? and fortunately not filmed ?? adventure!
