"Nobody Knows Anyone" is a thriller about the conspiracy theory about a Satanist bomber targeting religious holidays in Seville during Holy Week. He also happens to be the best friend of the film's hero. The plot is designed by the bomber as a computer game, with himself and the hero as players, and Seville as a virtual environment. The streets and very real streets of the city begin to acquire the labyrinthine qualities of these old games of the Pacman type. From this point of view, the scene where the hero and his female acolyte are pursued by black hooded penitents with ray guns may seem less stupid than she plays. <br /> <br /> From the beginning, we are aware that the story is built like a game. The work of the hero is to create crosswords for a popular newspaper. At one point, the crossword puzzle on his screen becomes the checkerboard on which he later plays against his girlfriend's father. The clues are widely dispersed, while the camera closes mysteriously on images that are only later revealed to be significant (for example, advertising in the bar). The detective / pursuit elements in paper are part of an ongoing game rather than an after-the-fact investigation. The film borrows heavily from Se7en's narrative model, and anyone with a Catholic education is likely to understand the importance of certain events that occur days before EAster's arrival. <br /> <br /> In this reading, the game is at the level of narration, the hero fighting against an enemy (in this case, the computer) to win and save the day. But there is a second game, the movie itself, which subverts the first. There is another series of clues that indicate not the intentions of the killer, but those of the filmmaker and his hero. In the first ten minutes, there are references to chess, a writer called Navokov and a cult leader called Sarin. If we remember that the pseudonym of Nabokov, a chess follower of the 1930s, was Sirin, we see another match in play, a game in which we suspect not the villain, but the hero himself. <br /> <br /> In a Nabokov novel such as "Pale Fire", a figure-writer creates a text intended to mask his own motives, causing a game between the writer and the reader to discover the actual text. Throughout the film, there are scenes that are visually distorted (for example, the contraction of the image), or that are ambiguously defined as dreams and hallucinations that make us suspect the hero's point of view. . The first references to games are all related to him. In the early footage, there is much talk of the character's sexual and creative impotence, so the film could be his attempt to control his life, to be a winner, in a way that he can not really. No sooner has he won than the block of his author disappears; the words he types are the title of the film, suggesting he is the lead author. Moreover, this Spanish title reflects negatively on itself, a very Nabokovian involution that suggests a hero, like Kinbote, trapped in his own solecism. <br /> <br /> This clutter of post-modern literature (Borges, Eco, Pynchon et al also refer to), Fincher, 'X-Files', 'Run Lola Run', Chris Marker (the idea of the city and its history as a map and text, and as a cultural history haunting the present), Büllell's antichristism and "shock" films by Alex de la Iglesia give a film that is just a clutter , each clever allusive element canceling the last dissipating interest. The lack of clarity on the rules of the game makes it incomprehensible, and possibly useless. <br /> <br /> Ironically, in a work of such indeterminate art, the main interest of the film lies in its documentary quality, as a narrative of a story taking place in a real city with its own events. unrolled independently. Such an ambiguous blend of facts and fiction can create a masterpiece such as "No Sun" or "London", but you must ultimately have a light touch to match your intelligence.
