Vampires Vs. Zombies begin with the latest news that the unidentified disease spreading across America leaves the patient homicidal and cannibalistic ... Travis Fontaine (CS Munro) and teenage daughter Jenna (Bonny Giroux) listen to the radio as they drive Isolated backcountry roads to escape the disease when Travis crushes a guy who, I suppose, is supposed to be a zombie. A little further down the road, he stops to help Julia (Brinke Stevens) and her teenage daughter Carmilla (Maratama Carlson) waving their hands by the side of the road. There is also a third teenage girl named Tessa (Melanie Crystal) sitting there. in the back of Julia's car tied and gagged. For me, this situation might seem strange, but Travis, like the soldier he is, takes it all lightly and agrees to "take" Carmilla out of Julia's hands and, well, I do not really know. So, with a complete stranger, Travis leaves leaving Julia and Tessa. Carmilla seems to be a nice girl but she turns out to be a vampire and she likes to bite people and turn them into vampires, oh & she also has a penchant for lesbianism. Travis, Carmilla and Jenna continue to travel while the guy (Peter Ruginis), who seems to be a vampire killer, probably has something to do with all this, but the movie is such a mess that he does not really do it . I do not really know how to continue on this plot because my head hurts me just thinking about it ... <br /> <br /> Co-edited, co-executive produced, written and directed by the talented Supreme Vince D'Amato Vampires Vs. Zombies is one of the worst horror movies of all time and therefore one of the worst movies of all time. D'Amato's screenplay was apparently based on a classic story titled "Carmilla" by Sheridan Le Fanu (he should sue). It's a mess, holes in the plot and logic are so big that you could drive a tank! What is the disease that turns people into zombies? Why is Carmilla a vampire? Who is Julia for her? Who the hell is the general? What does he want? Where are Travis and Jenna going? How can Travis crush a man without feeling the slightest human emotion? What's with the psychiatric department at the end? There are also confusing and useless sequences of dreams, just to annoy the viewer even more. There are so many things that do not fit in this film, the narration does not make sense, the concept is terrible and never really explained correctly, besides, it's incredibly boring. I have nothing positive to say about Vampire vs. Zombies, not one. Forget the vampires who fight the zombies because that does not happen, tell me again why this movie is called Vampires Vs. Zombies? <br /> <br /> Director D'Amato has offered one of the most incompetent, empty, poorly made, badly thought out and extremely painful viewing experiences ever. Vampires Vs. Zombies really have no redeeming qualities, there is not one aspect that I can praise. The gore is really wrong, there are a few drops of blood that look like red water, really cheap picket effects and a semi-decent culmination where the zombies feast on Carmilla and Jenna's intestines, this scene rather Bloody is probably the best part of the miserable movie set, but it only lasts a few minutes and does not make up for the other turgid 85. <br /> <br /> The Vampires Vs. The zombies had to be small. In fact, they even had a budget because most of them are placed on a road in a few cars. This is one of the worst horror movies, it's my misfortune to watch it, it's all bad. The acting is predictable, and I mean awful. <br /> <br /> There is not much left to say, vampires vs. Zombies is easily one of the worst movies ever made. The (V) next to the title on the main page of IMDb for Vampires Vs. Zoimbies indicates that the movie has gone straight to the video, well, that's all too good for this shit pile because it deserves to go straight to the nearest fire.
