First, I must emphasize how rare it is for me to take the time to comment on a film I have seen. This is a very special case for me to take the time and write what I felt about a movie. That said, hundreds of movies I've watched, I've seen some of the brightest, Shawshank, the scariest, The Woman in Black, the funniest, Shark Attack III: Megaladon, and now the worst: Vampires vs. Zombies. </ b> The first thing to say is that this movie is not funny! For those looking for a light film, fun or at least so funny and funny, look elsewhere. It's true that a film like this one does not try to be subtle and brilliant, but with a title like this, you need to know what you're going for. That said, there is no excuse for a film to abandon any rule governing the film world. This is not an argument between the process of making a traditional film and the more recent and more "artistic" methods of creating a film. This is an argument between bad filmmakers and companies held responsible for making terrible movies. <br /> <br /> This The film suffers from the overused saying: "I do not know where to start". Really everything in this movie is broken. Whether for acting or editing, there is no reason for a film to fail to deliver a series of consistent events such as Vampires vs. Zombies. Some of the following problems are: 1. The misfires of the scene - It is clear that the director, the film crew and the actors were not on the same page. In one scene in particular, the scene begins with the camera resting on the ground, looking at the door on the passenger side of a car. You expect the person inside to come out, but there is no exaggeration and this is NOT exaggerated. At least 10 seconds later, the time elapses between the moment the camera starts and the director says "action" until everything is on the screen. The viewer stays all the time looking at the door of the car, without sound or movement, just the stereotype "dead air" that the commentators of radio or television dread. Where was the montage? 2. Act - A forgivable offense in most cases, you can not expect a movie like this to have Oscar winners, but vampires vs. Zombies take the wrong role on a whole new level. These "actors" were barely able to read their scripts, obviously, because anyone with a reading and speaking ability would have been able to pronounce the lines better than these fools. My only comparison as an actor should be the opening scene of Resident Evil on Playstation. But this game was even better. <br /> <br /> 3- History - Wait, what? Story? Again, you can not expect this to be the biggest story ever told, but is it too much to ask that we have a semblance of narrative? Why vampires? Who are the characters? Who are the bad guys? Are there any good guys? Why all lesbians? But above all, what is the problem with zombies? If you've seen this movie, then you'll understand what I mean, but for those who have not done it yet, I'll be clear, there are no zombies in this movie except maybe five minutes. It was almost as if the director had forgotten the name of the movie and was forced to throw zombies without explanation at the very end. <br /> <br /> There is so much more, but I hope I have done enough to prevent anyone from seeing this film.
