Although it's not really such a terrible movie (especially considering it was made directly for TV distribution), it will be very difficult to highlight a truly original or refreshing aspect of "Bloodsuckers". Space vampires are not really a new formula, and even after so many movies about these monsters in this particular context, no one seems to always realize that this is an incredibly stupid premise that can not lead to Horror movie to half decent. "Bloodsuckers" goes even further and shamelessly imitates every imaginable film that revolves around vampires and intergalactic warfare. The plot and characters are mostly stolen directly from John Carpenter's "Ghosts of Mars" and James Cameron's "Aliens" as a crew of futuristic vampire hunters cross space and regularly seek to eliminate a species. mutated which is named after notorious horror icons. , like the Voorhees and the Leatherfaces. Good guys are a group of pathetic stereotypes, constantly dealing with clichés and arguing endlessly over terribly unimportant topics. Captain Damian is the unpopular rookie, who will really have to prove his leadership abilities now after being more or less responsible for the death of the previous (and much loved) Captain Churchill. Other annoying characters include a cowboy and macho-like macho rider, a tough warrior with more bullets than any other man on board (she is of Asian descent, as the daughter of "Aliens" was latino) and most soldiers precious secret weapon: a girl-blade! Quintana is a beautiful and deadly vampire who has chosen the human side. She can spot enemies while they are still light-years away, and she can also do incredibly sexy things with someone's wet dreams. They all end up learning how to work as a team when they are forced to face the ultimate villainous vampire: Michael Ironside (in another degrading role). "Bloodsuckers" is an irreparably stupid film, but it manages to entertain as long as it includes bloody murders, infantile dialogues and makeup effects by OTT. It becomes intolerably boring only when the frustrated soldiers accuse the captain for the umpteenth time and blah blah blah. This film is a non-stop series of lame clichés and non-creative ideas, but at least it is watchable.
