The man has traveled to the most remote parts of the earth and is now traveling to new worlds. But with the new worlds come the ancient evils ... the vampires of space. And not just a handful, but entire tribes. In this film (which I saw as "Bloodsuckers" but also "Vampires Wars"), we see what happens when the imperialist earthlings meet the imperialist vampires. <br /> <br /> I will do this article very briefly. because it does not deserve a good criticism. The best I can say for this film is that it has a good distribution of b-list and stars to come. Natassia Malthe was Quintana and was much more attractive here than in "Bloodrayne 2". Michael Ironside is Muco, and is still a fan favorite (as I say, he's the poor man's Jack Nicholson). And we even have Carrie-Ann Fleming in "Damian's Wife", which horror fans will now recognize as the eponymous Jenifer of "Jenifer" by Dario Argento. So, this film, as bad as it may be, is not without some names attached ... but the same can be said of Uwe Boll's work. <br /> <br /> The concept of the military hunt and the murder of vampires in space This is not necessarily a bad idea, but it easily falls into the realm of "cheese" and this film is difficult to capture. The game of actors, especially the vampires, is excessive and I have not found the explanation of their existence very convincing. Worst of all, the vampire tribes have the names "Voorhess" and "Leatherfaces". I understand that this was supposed to be a smart reference for horror fans, but it was not smart at all. It just seemed stupid and misplaced (unlike the much more subtle references in James Gunn's "Slither", such as naming shops from lesser-known horror directors). <br /> <br /> That's all I want to say. If you can bear a lot of cheese (that day, I could not and I'm from Wisconsin) and you want to see ordinary actors with mediocre costumes fighting vampires in space (though "the space "looks a lot like any other forest on earth) check this one, if you can find it. Personally, I do not recommend it when you can watch other movies about vampires (the "vampires" of Jon Carpenter) or other movies on space. Or maybe even good ones. But, hey, do your thing.
