I saw it a few nights back, without much expectation and without surprise, it did not give anything very exciting. The plot of a crew of vampire hunters (V-San, for the sanitation of vampires) circulating in his spaceship periodically killing vampires from space and saving people, is quite healthy and if the movie had been better treated, it might have been something quite ace. Unfortunately, after a fairly decent opening, the sense of real quality begins to move away from the film, leaving something behind that, though unassailable, is ridiculously bad. I do not expect anything special from these movies that appear on the Sci Fi channel and at least it was not one of their creature features with a dreadful cgi beast that dragged on, but it was still pretty bad, mainly because of the writing and playing, but with a remarkable contribution to the general malice of the horrible music. When the film opted only for a typical science-fiction approach with strange sounds, it worked well, but too often, a sweet and hilarious rock invaded the scene and plunged scenes into stupidity. I would have better tolerated acting and cheese writing without the choice of music, which was a serious miscalculation, making cheese things ridiculous. Dominic Zamprogna played the role of nominal hero, while Leanne Adachi was rather irritating than the tough girl of the vamp-busting team and Aaron Pearl played the role of another member who was not enough written or interesting enough to to make a good impression. Although she does not seem very good at acting, Natassia Malta has performed well because of its less irritating nature than others and the fact that it is seriously enjoyable to watch. The only serious name in the cast is Michael Ironside and he is underused although he does it nicely, quite a lot of fun in a way that is suspected to be intentional. He seems to have fun and earn his salary and his role is fun. The effects are OK overall, they at least match the standards of the science fiction television series, and there are also some blood splatter scenes and some fun gore. Things are going well and I feel almost severe in the notation of this film, but then I remember laughing at regular intervals and realized that if the film was not an intentional comedy, what I do not think , so he just does not do it. can not succeed. Too much, it's lame, stupid, unconvincing, it's an acceptable effort I guess but it did not appeal to me. Only try if you really dig Sci Fi garbage or unwanted laughter, I would say.
