Bloodsuckers has the potential to be a somewhat decent movie, the concept of military types tracking down and fighting vampires in space is a concept that has potential in the realm of things. Even the idea that the universe is filled with different races of vampires, with different attributes, many of whose characters have not yet discovered the existence, is pretty cool. As for how much of life in the galaxy outside the Earth is a vampire, I do not know how the manufacturers wanted it to work, given the nature of the vampires. Who the hell are they supposed to eat if almost everyone is a vampire, I do not know. The film meets a low-budget mix of Firefly / Serenity movies and vampires with a touch of aliens. <br /> <br /> The action scenes of the film are rather average and derived (especially from Serenity) but passable. - they are reasonably well executed and there is enough gore for a vampire movie, including some of the comical guys who shed blood. There are a lot of things about the characters, most of them tedious, coming from conflicts between characters that mostly look like dark, immature throat holes, mostly cowboy guys and Asian women. There are some scenes of characters that work pretty well and the actors do not play it too badly but it slows things more often. A nice try to illustrate the characters, but people do not watch a movie called Bloodsuckers for character development and drama. The role play is actually good. Michael Ironside stands out and is as fun to watch as ever and at least one or two women are exciting. SFX space is not too bad for what is clearly a low budget job. The story is still pretty average and derived, but as I said, the created world has a little potential. The way things are organized Bloodsuckers really seems to be the pilot of a TV series: dynamic characters introduced, world introduced but not explored, etc. <br /> <br /> The film has some strong moments and moments of scratching in the head - the kind of things that actually make these productions shady observable. -The scene where our heroes interrogate a creature of the thoracic type. Hilarious. - The "sex scene". WTF indeed. -The credit "And Michael Ironside as Muco." The most boring aspect of all this is the really awful and generally inappropriate pop music that they play very hard on half of the scenes of the movie. It is painful to listen and to harm what is at best only average. <br /> <br /> Basically, an acceptable watch is that you want something old-fashioned, even if it's just for the "hamburger" scene.
