Although the actors were good, especially Fritzi Haberland in the role of Lilly, the film's script is obsessively pretentious and totally arbitrary. A famous theater director (Hilmir Snær Guðnason), blind after a car accident, is on the run for himself and his fate. Lilly, who has been blind since birth, teaches the blind and wants to "see" him again. (The blind see with the fingers, the nose and the ears.) Here, this film is becoming a road movie. and the longer the road becomes, the more their relationship develops, which was predictable from the beginning of the film. The director is on the road to his mother (Jenny Gröllmann). Her mother lives somewhere in Russia on the sea and makes art installations - of course, what else should she do? - and she still lives, because she is waiting for her son to die. My God! These are destinies! <br /> <br /> Finally the son has arrived! Mom is having a big party! To the beach. The wind blows and a pianist plays on a real piano in the middle of a dune. Yes, they celebrate her goodbye. The son arrives just in time. The mother can finally swallow the pills administered by a pretty nurse. Now, a great artist can die in the arms of his great artist, recounting sad contemplations of life in perfect German, while the son responds with a rough accent. Because the son is unable to see, he is not in love with the nurse, the scenario of the film would have become too complicated! - but look for Lilly on the way back. <br /> <br /> Parallel to this film, Lilly's sister, staying at home, asks a lugubrious classmate to deflower her, who must first drink. The opportunity is favorable. Because Mom (Tina Engel) is traveling with Lilly's lover, Paul (Harald Schrott). They are after Lilly, to bring her back. Paul and Lilly's mother are not falling in love because the film's screenplay would have become too complicated. The script of the film failed to make Paul something exceptional too. I would suggest an architect or a pianist, or of course a famous one! When they finally find Lilly, they want to convince her to come back to Paul, because he has two eyes to see and can take care of her. But Lilly was in love with his student, the theater director. Did I mention that he was even a famous director? <br /> <br /> It's German cinematic art! As you can see in this pretentious production, the subsidy fund of the German film does not always produce good films, because it subsidizes this type of pseudo-intellectual films. This movie is really embarrassing. I have the impression that the film's scenario was concocted from powders in cafes and restaurants. Everyone has the right to contribute with an idea. Probably also Til Schweiger contributed with an intellectual flash, as a co-producer. This movie script reminded me of another extremely painful German film: "Barfuss" - already, the spelling of the title is not correct! The cover of the DVD "Barfuss" proudly writes: "A film of Til Schweiger". This film has also received grants from Filmstiftung NRW, Filmförderung Hamburg and FFA. <br /> <br /> Do not waste your time with this movie! There are very good movies in Germany. Beware of filmmakers like Marcus H. Rosenmüller, Joseph Vilsmaier, Hans Steinbichler, Hans-Christian Schmid, Faith Akin ...
