I caught this Cuban movie in an art and essay cinema club. It was shown shortly after the masterful caricature of 1935 entitled Silly Symphony, which reconciles the island of Symphony with the island of Jazz. With Ruben Gonzalez, recently deceased, in the speakers of this former ballroom and a Cuban flag hanging on grounds of stucco rockery, the scene is geared up for a frantic celebration of the making of committed films and synchronized whistles. in the idiom of Helms-Burton. But then the movie started. And the peeling paint of the cinema has become progressively more interesting than the clutter of poor quality on the screen. <br /> <br /> The scenario of Nada Mas promises a lot. Carla is a bored envelope stamp in a Cuban post office. His only escape from a banal existence is to purge and rewrite letters, transforming basic interpersonal grunts into breathless Brontëan explosions. Select many shots of photogenic Cubans bursting with joy, sorrow, pity, terror, etc. The problem is that the simplicity of the story is spoiled by many excursions in the art of cinema, the Latin caricature, The Marx brothers can bang and even, during a particularly disappointing editing tour, scratch the face of a celluloid character scraping a disfiguration of a bad student. <br /> <br /> One-dimensional characters abound. Cunda, the director of the post office, is a dominatrix without humor. His accomplice with crazy eyes, Concha, points the finger, indiscreet ears and screams. Caesar, the metal beast and romantic interest, reveals a hidden writing talent when Carla leaves for Miami. A hunting scene (in a so-hilarious fast forward) is launched for good measure. All this would be good in a comic book by Mortadello and Filemon, but in a black and white film "zero-FX" with more virulent pretensions, er. <br /> <br /> Nada Mas tries to ride the stile somewhere between the weird-heroine-matchmakes-strangers of Amelie and the theme of poetry as the great redeemer of Il Postino. Like Amelie, her protagonist is an eccentric single white woman who fights against preschool age by trying to bring magic to the lives of strangers. And as in Il Postino, the film does not shrink from the sustained poetry recitals and a bicycle man takes a romantic lead. Unfortunately, Nada Mas fails to capture the lushness and transcendence of either film. <br /> <br /> Two things deserve to be seen in a televised late evening stupor. The first is Carla's foreground on a checkerboard floor, which cuts through the crossword puzzle she is working on. The second is to consider Nada Mas as a cautious example: our post-Buena Vista Social Club obsession with Cuban artistic production can often lead us to accept any slag with a bongo on the soundtrack. This film would not have deserved a world release - films such as Waiting List and Guantanamera cover a similar thematic territory with much more success.
