The Invisible Man is a fantasy film from 1933, an avant-garde film at a time when objects seemed to rest on a truly invisible man. Go ahead, take a look at the movie, you'll be surprised to see that it was shot in 1933. It was the first real special effects movie. Come 2000, computer-aided special effects seem to be a breeze, the audience is not blown away, but disappointed if they are not done well. The special effects in Hollow Man, the update of the HG Wells story, are acceptable, but that's not the main problem of this film directed by Paul Verhoeven, you may remember from Showgirls and Total Recall. Kevin Bacon plays Sebastian Caine, a scientist who interferes in the world of bio-invisibilisation (yeah, I know it's not a word), but who, of course, fights against the high-ranking men who threaten to remove the funding from the team. So, as movie characters who are about to lose their funding are inclined to do so, he makes the ultimate sacrifice and becomes a guinea pig for the invisibilation process (yeah, I know, I still used that word ). The process has disastrous consequences, no Cain dies, but becomes a horny and violent creature, a guy. Now that he's invisible, Caine hounds a sexy neighbor, a co-worker, a former girlfriend, Linda (Elisabeth Shue), and the man who withdrew her funding. Then a funny thing happens, Caine becomes a new supernatural being, "The thing that will not die". Laughing at anything natural, Caine faces death and spits in the face, because it takes hours for this creature to die, leading to the end of the movie. The movie is stupid, stupid and finally laughable with the way realism is sometimes used, sometimes not. There are great possibilities in Hollow Man, but of course, none of them are explored. For a more interesting look at an invisible being, get ready for the good old black and white cinema and discover the Invisible Man of 1933. Kevin Bacon will always be invisible on your return, probably still alive at the bottom of a volcano.
