The ghost town begins when Kate Barrett (Catherine Hickland) drives on a remote desert road, her car breaks down and she hears hooves getting closer ... Deputy sheriff Langley (Frank Luz) of Riverton County is called to investigate Kate's disappearance after her disappearance the father reports her disappeared. He finds it broken down and goes out looking for it. Unfortunately, his car also breaks down and he has to walk. Langley ends up in an abandoned and dilapidated ghost town, to the astonishment of his shock. Langley soon discovers that she is literally a ghost town, populated by the ghosts of her former residents and led by the devilish Devlin (Jimmie F. Skaggs) who kidnapped Kate for reasons that were never explained and it's to Langley to save it and end the curse of the cities ... <br /> <br /> The one and only effort made by Richard Governor to make this strange film did not really do much to me and I did not like that much. Duke Sandefur's screenplay tries to mix horror and western genres, which does not make much impact. Have you ever wondered why there were not more Western hybrid horror movies? Me neither, but if I asked myself such a question, I would find all the answers in Ghost Town because it is not very good. The two genres do not mix well. There are a lot of clichés on the west side of things, there are innocent townspeople who have to be afraid of facing a bunch of thugs who terrorize them, shootings on the main street, lounges with swinging doors and prostitutes on the floor As far as horror is concerned, there are a lot of cobwebs, ghosts, an old curse, talking corpses and some violent killings. I was just very disappointed, I guess there is nothing wrong with it except that it's boring and the two genres do not fit so well. There are also some holes in the plot, why did Devlin kidnap Kate? I know she looked like her old girlfriend, but how did he know what he was going to do with her anyway? We never know why this ghost town is full of ghosts either, I mean what keeps them there and what made them come back as ghosts? Then, in the end, Devlin, after being shot, says he can only be killed a few seconds later by Langley. I mean why the bullets did not work in the first place? <br /> <br /> The governor is fine, there is a beautiful atmosphere of horror film with decors strewn with well-lit cobwebs and the standard city of western Hollywood is represented here with a street Central with wooden buildings along its side. I would not say it's scary because it's not the case, that there's not a lot of tension either, and that the film hangs in places, while it only lasts a little more than 80 minutes. Forget about all the bloody wounds, a few gunshot wounds, one shot after the other of two slain people, and someone impaled with a metal pole and that's it. <br /> <br /> I would have imagined the budget was quite small here, it's pretty well done and is competent if nothing else. Credit where the credit is due to the period costumes and sets is pretty good actually. The acting game is fine, but no one will win any prize. <br /> <br /> Ghost Town is a strange movie, I'm not sure who it's meant to please, and it certainly did not appeal to me. Anyone looking for a western will be annoyed by dumb horror elements, while anyone looking for a horror movie will be bored of Western elements. It's a little different, but that does not mean it's a good thing, it's worth watching if you're desperate, but do not empty it to see it.
