I had a recent viewer experience with The Perfect Witness (2007) because the NetFlix computer recommendation engine suggested I watch this movie. Apparently, at one point, I told him how much I loved Michael Haneke's Benny video. I do not know about you, but this parallel caused a whirlwind of excitement and excitement in front of Thomas C. Dunn's movie and made the distribution of my time almost impossible to refuse. This type of recommendation from NetFlix's computer intelligence has, for me, put the bar of aesthetic / moral film at such a high level that, after reflection, it represented something rather unfinished in every film produced in 2007. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Having preceded my response to the film in this way, I will proceed by taking this picture as being poorly executed and banal; and I really hate to do that because I think our boy, Wes Bentley, happens to be not only one of the most interesting young faces of contemporary cinema, but also one of his most overlooked screenwriting talents and - estimated in the United States. I am more than moderately concerned that the poor guy will miss the celebrity if he continues to fiddle with new directors like this one. <br /> <br /> The Perfect Witness talks about Micky (Wes Bentley), who, about thirty years old, still lives with mom ("You do not drink from the region yet?"), but he is a "filmmaker" or at least some sort of voyeur on the street with a pension for turning the so-called Johns into the lurid streets of Philadelphia with his DVX 100B. There, doing his exercises as a private investigator, Micky "inadvertently" records a brutal murder on an unlucky student in the early 1920s with his handheld camcorder. Micky is getting closer to the idea that snuff and cinema as a cultural currency can be likened to his ticket to get out of the white urban ghetto (and not to the debts of his friends and family who have consented to money for his atrocious films). the attacker, James LeMac (Mark Borkowski: also takes credits) or "Mac the Knife", according to what the killer subjected to a murderer and a documentary on his murder impulses, containing this sequence found on the assailant with police threats. <br /> <br /> The problem with this film is not that there are no interesting ideas because they exist. Although writing and staging are amateurish, that alone does not make a movie bad. It's that these guys make a rather mediocre assumption that what they present is shocking in the context of a culture in which just about everyone in the free world with access to a private computer can connect to the Web and grasp the veracity of the action of a decapitation on their little Mac or PC. No film is more dependent on the value of the shock (except, of course, ironically, it is a film about torture on animals) and the cinematographic images of the violence (real or fictional) have less less cultural capital every year that passes. In addition, we have this amazing actor-talent in mind, a real trendy type: his beard and cap with his little beak, upside down, just like the high school dork who was thirsty for the potential services of my first interest in love - the same man who is now called "poet". <br /> <br /> Save me. "I'm an artist" "I'm a filmmaker" Okay. Please, continue with this shtick, Cronnie. Seems to have bought you a lot of expensive 35mm stock. And go ahead, you can wear all the trumps of a "creative", but do not expect us to respond better, to follow your character under the average throughout your two-hour movie while you describe the career of Wes Bentley. Why not let the story tell the merits of what you do, filmmaker. In my opinion, the story will end up having something to say about it - as, probably, this is not as good as you think. And yes, there's a good chance you'll blame your dear ole ma, finish like our man Micky here in The Perfect Witness; hung on smack and covered in your buddy's blood with a video camera in your hand. Awesome.
