Another day stuck inside, another movie to watch. Having finally finished my Christmas shopping yesterday on a cold and foggy afternoon, I had nowhere to go to escape "The land that time has forgotten". Or rather, I had nothing else to watch. <br /> <br /> Doug McClure, this bastion of influential actors, leads a handful of Allied sailors sunk by a submarine somewhere in the Atlantic in 1916. U-Boat (in a scene that challenges logic and the reason), they end up on a strange island, apparently untouched by human hands. Together, they explore the land and discover dinosaurs and Neanderthals! Can they escape before becoming a permanent resident of the land that Time has forgotten? <br /> <br /> Although they were made a few years before "Star Wars", these films are light years away in terms of special effects. The models are slightly better than anything you could see in an episode of "Stingray" by Gerry Anderson and the creatures are not much better either. When the T-Rex (I guess that's what it was) was killed, it fell like the zombies when you kill them - frozen in the middle of the drive and collapsing, arms and legs stretched like a sleeping cow that's been pushed back. Certainly the sets are not that bad, but the unhealthy and endless noises of interpretation (all of which sound the same) do their best to ruin the credibility and enjoyment of the picture as a whole. The characters are neither credible nor worthy of your sympathy, because they draw their weapons on everything that moves apparently. In the end, I did not care if they came out of the island or not and in the end, I was more relieved than entertained. <br /> <br /> The costumes are pretty authentic until the cavemen arrive and they are bear skin bikinis and loincloths all around. And although their actions were pretty obvious, you did not know that some characters were German in their accents. The whole thing lacked finishing and cohesion, leaving the viewer puzzled in places and uneasy in others. Overall, this movie barely records a surge of excitement these days, though you can find a little fun trying to find out where Colin Farrell is. I spotted her name in the credits and I half expected a baby to appear with an Irish accent and suspicious hair. Never mind. There is nothing exceptional to see at this time, but it's okay, if you eat your lunch and the weather prevents you from doing the activity.
