I just finished watching this movie. I was very excited because I'm a big fan of Punk Rock, horror movies and Spoofs. I was very surprised at what I saw. I knew it was a small budget, but I did not expect it to be recorded with a video camera. It begins with a good song and a very underrated band, The Horrorpops, who rewrite their song, Where They Wander, and are quickly killed in different ways. It's a big opening. But the problem is that until the end, that's all the film was. A live show, a death. Another live performance, A death. It gets old And there is an excessive use (literally) of the intestines in the scenes of death. Why does not the killer use other parts of the body, such as legs, eyeballs, or the brain? Do not get me wrong, this movie has great parts. Like the hardcore French band, known simply as BERET, the perspective of a band called Atticus, this scene containing a performance given by members of the band The Used and Simple Plan playing together, since no group has enough members to play, and Bowling For The soup guitarist, overweight and proud, gets killed in a really hilarious way, which I will save future viewers of this film. But the big problem I encounter with this film is at first comical, but after a while, a cruel lack of talent as a comedian. Kevin Lyman, the creator of the Warped Tour. He makes great efforts, but I suspect he did not want to make the film but he was obliged by contract. On top of that, the sound quality is terrible and there are no subtitles on the DVD. The plot of resolution of the film is very vague and very random. something about a magic sword and Lloyd Kaufman like the devil. In the end, this film has a lot of good qualities, but not enough to be anywhere near a horror movie, music or decent comedy. Although I must admit that I shot on some bands that I would never have listened to, otherwise. Such as the tsunami bomb and the Phenomonauts (a group of lunatics and psychobilly). I recommend you rent this movie, watch the first 10 or 20 minutes, if you like it, watch the next 20 or 30 minutes, if you still love it, and then watch. If it's not the case, just go to the special features and watch all the video clips and live performances. They rock! Long live punk rock and horror!
