This film can be labeled as a case study. It's not just the fact that it denotes an unhealthy and un-artistic lust for anything that could be called caco-imagery. The author lives with the impression that his sanctimonious revolt against generic and childishly qualified social scourges ("Moldova is the poorest region of Europe", "I do not believe that an iota in bird flu" , "Romanians steal are poor, Europeans steal because they are thieves") are more or less close to a responsible moral and artistic attitude - but it is terribly misguided! <br /> <br /> What Daneliuc does not know is that it's not enough to pretend to be a fair person, but you also need a minimum of professionalism, talent and intelligence to transform that attitude into something else. an artistic product. Fatally, "The Foreign Legion" shows as much insight as a family video with Uncle Gogu wetting himself in front of the guests. The scenario is chaotic and incoherent, agitated randomly between several subjects, in an illiterate attempt to suggest a kind of story. Management is pathetically dilettante - the so-called "director" is unable to build at least a mediocre staging, his shots are boring, and any sense of narration shines through a complete absence. (Of course, any comment is obliged to stop at this level, it would be ridiculous to mention concepts such as "cinematographic language", "means of expression" or "style"). The role is positive at the level of "Cântarea României", with the exception of ... paradoxically, the football goalkeeper Necula Raducanu, who is very natural, and Nicodim Ungureanu. Oana Piecnita seems to have a real freshness, but she is compromised by Daneliuc's amateurish guidelines. <br /> <br /> The most serious aspect of this decent cinema offense is the fact that the production has received considerable funding from the national budget, via the CNC (the National Council of Cinematography). The fact that old dead dinosaurs like Daneliuc are always thirsty for the government's worst is understandable (in a market economy, it would be instantly eliminated by natural selection). But the corruption of the so-called "jury" that squanders the country's money on an art as ridiculous as scabrous, non-cinematographic and non-cultural belongs to the criminal field.
