Rather than moving linearly from beginning to end, this story of a homosexual couple touched by the "orbits" of AIDS at the time of the "perfect day". The film is organized as a life recalled in asynchronous fragments rather than in a sequential flow as we live it directly. <br /> <br /> The narration has its lyrical moments, in particular by describing the impact of the losses suffered or undergone. The dialogue unfortunately lacks such grace. The script often forces actors to say surprisingly stupid or insensitive things that seem completely out of place for the moment. Phillip, sensitive to their second accidental encounter, encourages a reluctant man to tell him about his difficult week. But as Guy begins to open, Phillip, an English major, exclaims, "You're not a crisis fairy, are you?" Later, watching his lover's naked and chiseled body scroll to him in the bedroom, our young lover Shakespeare begins to make the beauty of the moment into words: "The way you cut out space ... I can not even describe it "--but lacks verbal skills to complete his thinking. This kind of drivel continues through the scenes of AIDS Hospice, with lines like: "What made me think that death would be all beautiful and tied with ribbons?" and "You make Florence Nightingale look like Nurse Ratchet." <br /> <br /> The film often suffers from a flagrant lack of subtlety. The inimitable characters are much more jerky and flattened by the steamroller than they should. Phillip's deeply boring friends - an arrogant trust fund club and a wailing, needy dweeb - maintain a caustic rant on each person crossing their path. Such a model could offer a writer a wealth of opportunities for intelligent social commentary, but unfortunately their remarks are simply unpleasant, devoid of any wit or insight. It is unclear whether our scriptwriter intentionally created intellectually limited characters or whether he merely manages the perimeter of his attachment. <br /> <br /> The plot is perhaps what interests most others and resonates with those who rent this film. It seriously explores the gay life of the 80s middle class in the United States: first encounters, courtship, coupling, nesting, complexity of open relationships, friction and fractures, dissolution, physical abuse, closeness, forgiveness, mental illness, death and survival . Leads Phelan and Spirtas give good performances, making complex characters over time. Their appealing look helps explain the chemistry that has united them through insensitivity and selfishness, as well as the chemistry that has helped some viewers to ignore the painful weaknesses of this film. The decision to cut the parcel arc into parcels and present them as off-sequence flashbacks added complexity with no obvious and dramatic utility, and in many cases the sequence and implications of a given event are unclear. <br /> <br /> Can I recommend the movie? Tights for literary and technical quality, absolutely not! For ordinary spectators who are in serious need of a catharsis survivor of AIDS or who want a tearful guilty of pleasure, with a little candy in the eyes, perhaps. But better written solutions exploring the impact of AIDS on the relationships of this era include: Philadelphia, And The Group Played, Long-time Companion, Angels in America, A Frostbite, Glance In Two, Love ! Value! Compassion and even Jeffrey.
