Bamboo House of Dolls (1973, 1974 or 1977, several years correspond to this title) is a film of Chin Hung Kuei, a veteran of Hong Kong, producing women in prison, film produced by the legendary Shaw Brothers. . Yes, even these have fallen into nightmares like this, and Bamboo is without a doubt one of the worst attempts of its kind, even when compared to Western attempts, which are generally derisory compared to Oriental films. ! <br /> <br /> The story is about a Japanese war camp in which Chinese women are brutalized, abused and raped by the bad Japanese (what else?) during the Second World War. The girls also know a secret place where a box full of gold is hidden and learn that a Chinese army officer raised in Japan (Shaw's veteran, Lo Lieh) is currently an undercover agent among other Japanese and helps Naturally girls escape from hell. What follows are sequences full of free nudity, female kung fu, nasty torture, gore, sleaze and an extremely offensive attitude against Japan that make this film pure and honest. > <br /> There is virtually no interesting element in Bamboo House of Dolls. Occasional photography, especially at the end, is nice with its rays of sun and beautiful nature, but that's about all in the field of merit. The fighting scenes are numerous and always include half-naked women beating and kicking each other. The violence as a whole is sometimes quite unpleasant with several gunshot wounds, scenes of misogynistic torture (for example, a poor girl is brutalized on the floor filled with broken glass, etc.) and an extremely repulsive and moral end behind all this. . Of course, it's stupid to talk about "moral" when talking about this kind of film, but there are some elements that I will not accept to be found in any movie. <br /> <br /> The film also has a nice appearance. turkey items for sure! For example, the gold box, filled with heavy gold, seems suspicious to be light, because the weak and suffused girls do not seem to have any problem to raise it and to move it, not to mention to throw it! Also these many "skin fighting scenes" make this smile induce enough for trashy movie fans. I saw Killer Snakes from the same director (1973), which is ten times more remarkable as a piece and even though he has many live snakes killed for real, he is also more interesting from a visual point of view and we shows some unpleasant aspects on the other side of the film. big city and society. It is also a must for those who fear snakes. <br /> <br /> The Bamboo Doll House has also undergone some censorship, which is not a surprise considering the subject. The uncut version (dubbed in a non-English language) broadcast in Europe, at least in France, Italy and Switzerland, lasts 104 minutes PAL, while the printed version doubled in English published in the Netherlands, Belgium and Switzerland. Greece lasts only 84 minutes in PAL. From what I've heard, cinematic scenes are not just about violence or other graphic elements, but also dialogues, "plot development" and the like. <br /> <br /> Bamboo House of Dolls is a waste cinema, in its most trashy form and certainly something that I would not have liked to see Shaw Brothers or Hong Kong in general. Some of the Italian exploitation films dealing with the same subject are much more interesting and remarkable than this piece of cinematographic exploitation that is ridiculous, calculated and worthless. 2/10
