I'm not usually used to hyperbole, but after attending two Oscars, I can honestly say that this year's awards ceremony was the most outrageous example of bad leadership, total cruelty and pure stupidity that I never had. the misfortune of being a witness. I'm not talking about the prizes themselves - as usual, there is a lot to say about the winners, losers and non-nominees, but the process is the same as always and is just as likely being. What is terribly unfair is the treatment of "stars" and "non-stars" by Cates and Horvitz, in the name of "reducing boredom". <br /> <br /> It's bad enough For the past few years, whoever is not Al Pacino was "played" at 45 seconds without any regard for what he said, how he said it and what emotion was behind this statement. This proves nothing more than a complete lack of respect for the cattle nominated on stage as cattle without giving them the honor to show themselves while their names are being read, to gently drag them when they lose, to deprive them chills to walk to the podium and force them to read their statements back to the hearing. All of these things were done to the "non-stars" - one must never forget that the films would not exist at all without these artists and that most of them have only one opportunity to deal with their peers and to their audience. <br /> <br /> The stars have not improved much. It gets sadder than funny when the caliber winners Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood have to beg for a few more seconds for their speeches. Chris Rock, as host, was neither as incendiary and controversial as the Academy hoped, nor as funny as he could be. His introductory remarks were almost (but not quite) as offensive as Sean Penn had explained, and his comments during the show were more trivial than interesting. Of course, it was hard to blame him when it was clear that the guard was as short as any other host. In the end, Chris Rock was something he had never been before: a non-entity. <br /> <br /> Even the musical numbers were poorly managed. Beyonce sang well, but there was simply no reason for her to be quoted in three of the five songs. Another example of total disrespect for an artist was entrusting the nominated song of Jorge Drexler to Antonio Banderas - even though Drexler was present and clearly would not care to sing his own song, based on his "speech" winner. <br /> <br /> The efforts of Cates and Horvitz to make the show shorter and faster may have worked to some extent, but the result was a lifeless show. We all groaned about the long speeches of people we do not know, the excessive production, the quality of self-satisfaction. But it's their night, not ours. What is meant to be a celebration has become an insult to those celebrated. Cates and Horvitz should, frankly, be ashamed.
