John Hughes wrote many great comedies in the 80s. "European Vacation" is not one of them. The rest of Hughes' first hit, "Vacation" (1983), is about as predictable, insignificant and boring as it is - no matter how much you like Clark and Ellen Griswold (Chase and Angelo). <br /> <br /> I really liked "Vacation" and the third movie, "Christmas Vacation" (1989), but Griswold's trip to Europe is bland and forced. Maybe because it was Hughes' first attempt at a sequel that he did not get it, but it's really staggering to see how "European Vacation" is devoid of any inspiration and meaningless. There is no story: the Griswolds win a game show as "greedy little pigs" and tour Europe in England, France, Germany and Italy. Even the physical humor of the dumpling that is the hallmark of the first one loses any effect because you see it coming, which is partly the fault of the director, Amy Heckerling. The director of "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" is all too predictable. <br /> <br /> Maybe it was Hughes who was shooting low, because he was up to it. "European Vacation" is very proud to insult the Americans (remember the greedy TV game they won), especially the tourists, represented by the Cornball Griswold family. He also pats himself in the back saying implicitly "Oh we Griswolds, we always get into something because our father is an idiot." Then, almost comically, the film ends with a tribute to America and the gratitude of the Griswolds to return to such a better country. If Hughes was aiming for satire and wanted to do it in the form of a bad movie, well maybe I should give him 8/10 stars. <br /> <br /> It's not just infidelity, but "European Vacation" boasts the two worst actors to play Rusty and Audrey children (Jason Lively and Dana Hill). They are both boring and obnoxious, with Audrey, who is unattractive and speaks loudly, moaning about the boyfriend she left almost throughout the film. Hughes even goes to have his comment about the miss because she observes a giant bratwurst. Pretty good taste. Speaking of which, the breasts are projected in two different scenes without any valid reason (unless it is to comment on the Americans' love for free nipples in their comedies). <br /> <br /> I'm going to give the film one of its two stars Thanks to Eric Idle, from the Monty Python team, who presented the film at different moments in the film, in which he recites lines directly from "Holy Grail". If Hughes wanted us to find one of the only non-American actors in the film as a funny piece, it's another hat-trick for him to have torn the bottom of the Hollywood comedy of the 80s. Still, it would have made him wrong to do it while making it fun?
