I am a big fan of Pacino movies. He is one of the best, if not the best, actors of this kind. However, this film could have been much better even if it had a bad distribution. All they had to do was tell the story of Carlito Brigante until he was incarcerated. Instead, it seemed like this was just one of the many stories that could be told about Carlito. We could have answered all or even some of the questions about his past that we wondered about in the original. As far as I'm concerned, this is the only way to make this film. Instead, we get this prequel that contains almost none of the original characters, a character playing a role different from the original one (horrible movement) and a totally different love interest for Carlito. Do not even start me with Puffy. I absolutely can not take this cat seriously as a gangsta after seeing him dancing in all his artist videos. Evertytime this guy opened his mouth, I was waiting for him to start dancing. He made me laugh if anything. Mario Van Peeples surprised me with his role. I thought he was going to give a dull performance because of his recent past. He did rather well. He was probably the most "credible" of all actors in my opinion. Jay Hernandez has done his best but does not have the skills for the moment in his career to assume this role. I appreciated his energy and his efforts though. Hard to follow Pacino. The only way to know what kind of person was Carlito is to look at the original. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a cold-blooded killer in one scene and then a thornless towel in another. He was one of the meanest gangs of his time, but you would only see lightning in this movie. It may be a pitiful way for Hollywood to try to make a second excuse to profit from this failure. That would not surprise me. <br /> <br /> Overall, in my opinion, this movie was very disappointing or would not have been. The only reason I gave a 3 was because I laughed a lot and Mario Van Peeples gained a little respect with me. A serious director should have taken this film and really put time in the story and turn it into a real prequel. I am extremely disappointed that this film was not taken seriously. They would have done better to make a mini-series on HBO and tell the story as suggested by the original. At the end of the film, they had the nerve to suggest that Carlito should return to town. HEEELLLLO .... this is the part that everyone wants to see !!! Again, all this is only my opinion. I can not tell you how to waste your money.
