Where can I start I heard that this movie was going out and I was very angry. I'm a big fan of Carlito's Way and when I heard about it, I thought it would be like almost every other Hollywood movie. I thought it would be bad. Damn, I was wrong, this movie was much worse than I expected. Do not say that all suites are bad, but that's the problem in Hollywood these days, they produce too many sequels and remakes and rush them. It was not a theater release, it's a DVD release. Yet, in my opinion, there was no reason for that to be done. After hearing about this movie, I later learned that Pacino was not there. This immediately killed any chance that this film was good. Why did I watch this movie so some of you may ask? Well, I had the opportunity to see him, so I did it. I do not just watch the movies that I expected a lot, I obviously had little. I just wanted to see if it would be relevant. Now, if one of you reading this is a Carlito's Way supporter, you know that the first part of the story is that he goes to jail. <br /> <br /> * VERY MINI SPOILER * anything, because it can make you want not to waste 2 hours looking at this garbage. All I will say is that at the end of Carlito's Way 2, we do not see Carlito go to jail. Now I do not know anything about you, but I would have thought that a Carlitos Way precedent would show how he ended up in jail. I even had some interest in actually seeing what happened. <br /> <br /> Now, this is not my only problem with the movie. The actor who played Carlito did not do too bad job, but he could not have saved this film if he had tried it. There are not even all those little things that should be inserted here and that Carlito's Way fans would like. You do not see any Kleinfeld or other key characters appearing in the first one, I would have liked to see something like that. What is even worse is that Luis Guzman is in this movie, but he does not play the same character as in the first movie. Big mistake on their part, why choose the same actor for a different character, it made the film worse than it was already. <br /> <br /> In short, I'm a fan of Carlito's Way, this new release on DVD is a shame. If you are a fan, do not watch this movie with high expectations. This film basically did not do anything for me, and it's certainly a film that I will not film on DVD, nor watch again.
