Well, I just gave 95 minutes and 47 seconds for me to never come back on this trash. I heard someone online describe the villains of this film as "subhuman cannibals", and I thought it was promising because I thought it would be like a descent. FALSE! The Descent was a psychological thriller with dynamic characters and a strong story. These villains are totally unrealistic and no part of their performance is pleasant to watch. This film is not so controversial, I have seen this level of gore in many movies. This plain film is nil. SYNOPSIS: A blonde who thinks she is very exciting (but she is not), her admirer and the friend of her admirer (no, I do not remember their names) sink into the woods. Their car breaks down. They are warned to leave by a man named Mark. The blonde becomes hysterical and the next morning they do not find the friend of the admirer. The admirer impales his foot (oops!). Do not worry, he is a lot more upset when his car does not start than when he is impaled by nails. After a nanosecond of cajolage, the blonde goes to seek help. Events ensue which I do not remember. During this film and throughout the film, we are shown scenes of grotesque torture without substance, including the one that silenced me. Blonde will save the admirer of the house of cannibals (even if we only see them eat, they are logically intestines, which would logically be the last choice of real cannibals, because they contain real food). Blonde finds the admirer hurt and works very hard (unsuccessfully) to make her tears cry. Then you get a good laugh when the blonde is in the house and announces that she can "think of them". Mark (the man who warned them to leave) changes his character dramatically when he reveals that cannibals are his family. Then there is shooting, they leave the house, the shooting continues, then a random guy introduces himself and says he's watching them. Before he is shot, we see a scene of killings inspired by the acid journey. The blonde or his admirer shot him because he did not help them. There are more murders, the admirer professes his love for the blonde. Then a mysterious hand covers the camera. What does this imply? I do not know, hope not a sequel.
