If you have ever been harassed in the Underground by a Christian who said, "Jesus is the answer, what is the question?", Then you should perhaps thank God if you have never met a Lacanian. Slavoj Zizek, the most evangelical Lacanian, would certainly exchange the word "Jesus" in this statement against "Lacan / Hegel". <br /> <br /> Zizek's star is burning fiercely right now, probably because we usually watch movies and pop culture purely as entertainment for our consumption. So that sounds awesome when someone - anyone - comes in and says, "Wait, movies can say something about ourselves." <br /> <br /> Zizek's ideas in this film are "true" just because he says it. . For example, Zizek explains that three Marx Bros are the ego, the superego, and the id (God knows what happened to Zeppo or Gummo? Maybe they are the sinthome ... or is it of movies themselves?). It's just what they are. In Zizek's production, culture is not there to be investigated, but simply to be considered as an example of its ideology. People may object that he certainly has something to say - but how does what he says differ from the Christian who attributes everything to the will of God? <br /> <br /> What is wrong with taking examples from films or elsewhere to illustrate the theory? Well, nothing at all. As Zizek seems to believe, they can even serve as proof. However, it is simply an impasse and propaganda when these examples are isolated from their context. Without context, you can say and prove anything you want. For Zizek, Lacan is the answer ?? so he goes and makes an example. Everything but everything resembles Master's teachings and culture is there to prove it, to serve that ideology. For example, Zizek's example of the fantastic position of the voyeur is taken from a Vertigo scene when Jimmy Stewart spies Kim Novak in a flower shop. But, in the context of the film, it's not at all the fantastic position of a voyeur. Stewart was deliberately led by Novak. This presentation of isolated examples of their context continues throughout the two-and-a-half-hour film sermon of Zizek. <br /> <br /> His analysis of the scene of "baby wants f ---" in Blue Velvet is laughable. Slightly touching what he seems to regard as the horrible (male) truth of "female enjoyment," Zizek says that Isabella Rossilini's character not only asks for her degradation but is unconsciously responsible for the situation. This is an example of his "enjoyment". Well ... maybe. But - sorry to be prosaic - where are the proofs? In the film, she is partially humiliated because Hopper kidnapped her son. Zizek may object that she also likes brutal sex with Kyle MacLachalan. But this may be due to a number of things. Is not this the purpose of the so-called feminine "jouissance"? According to Lacan, feminine jouissance, unlike phallic jouissance, can not be articulated, it goes beyond the phallic capture and the castration of language. If this is correct, no example can be done. It also means that the whole concept is non-sensual and entirely mystical. It can only be designated by dogmatists such as Zizek: "There is female enjoyment for you! Why is it a feminine jouissance? Because I say it." <br /> <br /> What example can really be drawn from these films? Only the psychology of Zizek. Why does he continue to interfere in his favorite movies, even to the point where, when he's in a boat on Botega Bay, he says he also wants --- Rod Steiger? Is not this the wish of someone who spends his life criticizing movies? As the saying goes, Freud would have a day on the field with The Guide to Perverse Cinema - but with Zizek himself, no one else. <br /> <br /> Zizek's theory that movies show us how much we want to be on the face, but these films can not be universal and strict examples of psychoanalytic laws. This film shows how much Zizek desires, and very vaguely - almost useless - how the rest of us desire. Because, as any psychoanalyst knows, our desires and those we desire can not be completely separated - and can not easily be universalised, if at all. Zizek's passion for making an example of Lacan's response is proof of it: how do we want to be? like that, that's how I do it. The problem is that, in Zizek's desire, everything and everyone else is streamlined in his desire. But Zizek is a Leninist and they certainly do not like to let the "subject" speak for himself. <br /> <br /> The Guide to Perverse Cinema is a summary of the love of Zizek's dogma and is totally unphilosophical, even if it remains very political (what dogma is not?). Zizek never questioned his motives when he undertook an analysis, what he seeks to discover, because the terms of his exploration, and therefore his ethics, are never questioned. <br /> <br /> Zizek is extremely prolific but all his books and this film say the same thing. He is a kind of cultural theory of Henry Ford: mass production and any color as long as it is black. It's perfect for today's highly consumerist society: so-called critical while giving people the same c-ap over and over again and claiming it's something different. This is popular because people largely prefer ready-made answers to their problems - which capitalism always claims to provide - rather than seriously investigating things. Which is a bit like being brain dead. For me, the third Zizek Matrix pill is a suicide capsule. <br /> <br /> PS: I loved Zizek's solemn remark - presented as a revelation about film and humanity - that music in movies can greatly affect people's sympathy. Did this only happen for Zizek after watching Jaws?
