This film is all ultra light fluff, predictable from start to finish. As a Don Knotts vehicle, "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" was much better, Knott's character not being so incompetent or ignorant. His performance there has been toned down, without his trademark look, but it's possible that this has something to do with the fact that he has been replaced for most of the film by a cartoon fish. Knotts made his living playing the fool, a bit like Bob Denver. Neither of them really seemed to be able to engage in other types of roles, assuming they were simply cast. It was probably because of his sagging, his wild look and his shrill voice. John Ritter, with whom Knotts worked in "Three's Company", was able to transcend his genre, successfully diversifying into dramatic roles such as "The Dreamer of Oz", but the closest Knotts ever had was a small role in "Pleasantville". Even Leslie Nielsen did not fit here, uncomfortable as a dramatic actor as he was at the time, nor as an impassive comic actor since he later became "Airplane!" and "Police Squad". <br /> <br /> It is also not possible that Knotts, then 43, could pass for a 35-year-old player, as his character insisted he was. It was as ridiculously unbelievable as thirty-eight-year-old Tom Hanks to play Forrest Gump, then in high school. <br /> <br /> The film was clearly shot on a tight budget, much like a TV episode filmed in a hurry. This is particularly evident in the "outer" scenes of the "city" where Roy goes after the dismissal. It is unlikely that even a preschooler will be seduced by the artificiality of the Mayberry soundscape. <br /> <br /> Although this is strictly considered a children's movie, it's very disappointing. This is not because it lacks action or special effects, although this is the case. The pace is much too slow, repetitive situations. How many times can you see Roy get on a bus? A children's comedy should at least sometimes be a delirium, with frantic gags, otherwise you risk to annoy (and even adults at the theater). Movies, even children's movies, have improved a lot over the past decades. Even many contemporary comedies were better filmed and written. Disney's "The Love Bug", for example, had at least one interesting racing action.
