I imagine that I have only to blame myself for the gigantic disillusionment that is "the entrails of a Virgin". You already know that you can not expect a cinematographic masterpiece when you see a juicy and proudly promoted title like this one. The first impression is not further confirmed by noting that the film is a Japanese production dating back to the mid-80s. Now, there are many demented and sick filmmakers active in Japan, but Kazuo Komizu surpasses them all with his trilogy completely depraved and disgusting turning only on aggressive sex and sadistic abuse of girls. Not even trying to tell a story, "Entrails of a Virgin" simply presents a mixture of semi-pornographic sex that arouses UN and gore effects really mediocre that would not even please the most fan of the most horrifying horrors of 80s. The images of a group of photographers and their models are inexplicably interspersed with scenes of a filthy pervert having gross intercourse with a seemingly minor girl. He does not throw it even a minute after reaching its (typical) climax and she begs him to stay, even if she has to share it with other women. I do not understand. Is this supposed to represent a general male fantasy? Because it's really cliché and unfair. Anyway, back to the group of excited photographers and docile models. Surprised by the fog that was waiting for them on the way home, the group jumps into an abandoned country house where they have a more horrible sex and are finally victims of a ridiculous sex demon that kills them all. Actor's performances are amateurish, absurd and primitive dialogues and the direction of Komizu is weak and uninspired. I can tolerate all of this, including the unpleasant sexual portrayal of women, but I'm too close to stopping the film during the fight sequence of indescribable wickedness. One of the men brutally hits, kicks and throws one of the girls and calls her a fucking whore until she literally pisses her panties and cries in agony. This sequence is, in my humble opinion, the absolute low point of the Asian operating cinema. One to avoid and maybe even a boycott.
