Maybe it was the title or the trailer (certainly not the interview on the DVD, which is with the director who continues to say "hello kids" to the camera like a jester), but I had Expectations for Entrails of a Virgin are at least a little playful with some good sex scenes and brutal and bloody murders committed by a strange Japanese penetrator. It turns out to be far too sordid for good, bad, or anything else. There is a problem - and we can also see it in Porno Holocaust, an Italian film about sexual exploitation, similar to this one in many ways - in not having a balance between sex and violence . Too much sex and this will turn into a prototypical porn, and even with a lower production quality than most professional pornographic movies! And with murder scenes, there must be at least some tact, and maybe just a little bit of ingenuity, in the creation of the creature / killer / whatever. The entrails of a Virgin have neither one nor the other. Sure to say it's a pretty soulless film, even if it's not one of the worst things, it's just there for horny Japanese fetishists to tackle girls in trouble and to men who have all their heads in the other 'heads. <br /> <br /> In this case, we have a photo team where guys take pictures of some girls, nothing too salacious, then by a thick fog, they stay at some house one night and are chosen a by one by "a murderer" as he is credited. First, director Kazuo 'Gaira' Komizu decides that he has to set up a quota of random sex scenes from the start. We meet (or call, take an option) of one of the photographers having sex with one or more of the girls elsewhere. Looks like it comes from another movie. Then, once installed in the house, there is a badly choreographed and filmed "fight" scene (yes, we really need to see it "all"), then rape and murders. First rape, by photographers, who promise jobs to their daughters. Then, the murderer, who, like the creature of D'Amato, is simply covered with mud and receives a stupid facial and, for some unknown reason, kills the men and / or rapes the women one by one. Now, <br /> <br /> these, taken in isolation, should be considered as the highlights of the film. That is to say, however, that croutons are the best part of a miserable salad. A breathtaking scene, a peak like an Olympic event (in fact, it's pretty cool), and finally the training of the girl too crazy sex, which I do not remember the name reckless. Even * this * becomes disappointing simply by not matching the title! In addition to this, the sex scenes, which become boring through "Gaira" and his indulgence in the long shots without boards where everything is blurred on the part of the Japanese censors, are doubled by the actors (one would think they seem to have enough fun, hence the need to let them "talk" for themselves). But the general feeling of Entrails of a Virgin is that of a lumpy hump, where it's just where you have to stay speechless and where there is not a hint of suspense or a real horror (watch the last remaining girl alive, the virgin of the photo prevents the murderer from reaching her, which lasts for five minutes and she continues throwing sticks at him!) You just want it to be over because the mantra of "I hate women "Calm down or get rid of him completely.
