Satan's Little Helper is one of the best horror B movies I've seen. When I say better, I speak of history. The film proposes a new plot, something less cliché in the genre Horror - something new. But there are also ridiculous questions that go with it. The questions you will ask yourself throughout the film. <br /> <br /> The film first caught my eye as I scanned the Horror section of HMV. I was tired of all the so-called "terrifying" super-products of Hollywood and wanted something different. The cover of Satan's Little Helper immediately caught my eye. As you can see, the picture attracts you - it's scary! I knew it was a direct DVD release - but I tried my luck. I mean, I just saw "Boogey Man" the night before - so that could not be worse! After watching the movie, I was half satisfied. I loved the plot of the movie. It was really scary to see how the killer claimed to be the boy's friend so he could kill. In a disordered way, he actually thought that he and the little boy would become partners - a duet of terror. It was a good idea to place the film on Halloween night. In this way, no one would think of anything about a masked man next to a small child. They would just think he was his guardian. But, this is also where "field holes" begin to surface. <br /> <br /> If your son came home with a "friend", he would meet a trick or treat - that's fine. You would not think about it - if he was 9 years old! Or about the same age as him. If, however, he appears with a strange man in a mask, you would be surprised and protective of your child. You would ask the man to take off his mask and identify himself. You would ask why he is with your son. He does not know him. Tell him to leave, please. He is not a friend of the family. It's a stranger. Now, we are supposed to teach our child not to talk to strangers. In this case, the mother completely agrees with that. Huh? They never seem to think that it's a bit strange that "man" does not speak - at all. Gruanted thinks it's his daughter's boyfriend, but after 10 minutes of silence, you remove the mask and ask him why he does not say anything. What attracted me most is that all Mom said was, "Do you want cider?" I can not count how many times she says that in the movie. It's like, oh you're dying - we have cider, everything is good !! The film started promising and failed. It was rather a horror comedy and even if it failed. I guess you could call that a "Dud", a "Flop", etc. <br /> <br /> The best thing about the movie is the cover art. However, something tells me it's not worth the $ 12!
