I will first say that I gave this film a 3 out of 10 after reflection. I was going to give a forehand 1 but he got some extra points for the body count. But that would be just about everything. Let me explain. I literally paid £ 1 for this DVD in a supermarket because I tend to believe a lot in horror movies, especially B movies. But if this movie was targeting B status as I suspect for several reasons (that I'll go into it in a moment), he then failed beautifully. Not only did he shoot for B and miss, but he landed somewhere around F. This film had so many opportunities to be good and it nearly failed in every respect. I say earlier that it is likely that this film was for the movie B status and it seems to try to do that by trying to mix humor with horror, which can be very good or very bad. For example, Freddy's latest films (Dream Warriors and others) talk about Freddy's style and his ass-nose, which works very well! But this film was completely bombed in this regard because the moments when they tried to inject humor were for the most part simply stupid. I will admit however that at the beginning of the film the humor was good. In fact, for about half an hour, I liked this movie and I was ready to congratulate myself for another great find. BUT what really killed this movie for me was the inappropriate killings. For example, when 'Satan' crushes the cat against the board and writes 'boo' with his blood, using his body as a paintbrush. Or when 'Satan' slams the door at the helpless, helpless elderly woman. Now, I'm not usually too against senseless killing in movies - hey, that's the goal, right? But in both cases, I found it particularly shocking and useless, especially in the cinematographic plot. For me, the film came down from there. A major disadvantage of this film is that I hated all its characters. The kid, Dougie was just ridiculously annoying !!! I can not explain how he could possibly rule out all those bodies and people being killed in front of his eyes, like a trick! I mean, come on !!! I totally understand that to be in a horror movie, a character must be a little stupid, like climbing up the stairs when we should run out of the house shouting for help, but this kid took the biscuit! I wanted to kill him myself in the end! It was completely unbelievable and if I had to hear him say 'duh!' Once again, I was going to bang my head against a wall, because that was how I felt watching this movie. Why did not I just turn off the movie? Mainly because I sincerely believe that an end can sometimes buy a movie. But I was wrong in this case. The end did not buy this film, it irritated me even more and was not enough for the plot. I already understand! The killer will always come back disguised as someone else, be greeted at home by the stupid kid and start killing again, because nobody suspects him of being in that costume! I UNDERSTOOD! This film made me physically angry because it was so stupid! And if you end up watching this movie by mistake, pay attention to the intestines. Frankly, if this guy actually had bowels that looked like this, I'd be surprised he was not already dead, let alone until someone tore them up and tied them to a chair. <br /> <br /> In fact, I'll go so far as to say that the only character I liked in this movie was actually the killer. Simply because, when his "comedy routine" worked, it worked. Overall, the plot of this movie has dragged everything that could have been good. Why did the killer kill? I do not know. I can live without knowing who he was, which is pretty typical, but without motive - good God, I do not know, I would be content with him to spend a bad Halloween when he was a kid! -It seems more than foolish, just stupid. Stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid. In fact, I hated this movie so much that I specifically subscribed to IMDb to be able to comment on it. Save your money, save your mental health. Stay away!
