This is a horror movie "anthology". It is composed of 4 new stories drawn from the fiction of Robert Bloch (who wrote for Weird Tales and who was a personal friend of H.P. Lovecraft, but who is especially famous for the original story "Psycho"). The quality of the stories is very uneven and I did not think the movie was scary or horrible. It would have been better to do it as a comedy like "Comedy of Terror". Only the last of the 4 stories was done in a humorous way, and this is probably the best of them (the one with Ingrid Pitt). I saw some of these Amicus anthology films and the only one that was really worth my time was Freddie Francis' Tales from the Crypt. The anthology style works well for producers, as it means they can hire a group of "big name" actors, use them for about a week of filming, and then bring in the next big name. So you basically pay 6 weeks of movie star pay but 5 or 6 different names on the big top. But it's very unfortunate for the audience, because the public would like to see some scenes with Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt playing together. Instead, they are stuck in these thumbnails by themselves. So let's take them one at a time, briefly. <br /> <br /> The first story to Denholm Elliot, who does a truly admirable job trying to restore some dignity to his silly role as a writer terrorized by his own character. . Unfortunately, the actor who plays the role of Dominic, the source of the horror, Tom Adams, just looks silly, which spoils any possible horror. There are hilarious things to laugh at, like the scene where Dominic kills Elliot's psychiatrist. This is the patented scene where the murderer slips behind the victim but no one is watching, so the whole audience is supposed to shout, "LOOK AT YOUR NEEDS!" The second story is that of Peter Cushing. God I love this man so much. Too bad that so many of his films, like this one, are pretty stinky. In the story, he is supposed to look for a lost love for a long time, and he sees it in a wax museum. It's a totally predictable story that is not going anywhere. <br /> <br /> Then you have a point with Christopher Lee, where he plays the father of a small child who turns out to be a witch. Again, this piece could have been fun if it had been played for laughs. But instead, we are supposed to be horrified when Lee slaps the child and is surprised when it turns out to be perverse. The actress, Chloe Franks, was pretty good at this kind of "Bad Seed" role. <br /> <br /> The last story is pretty funny ... Ingrid Pitt plays an actress and Jon Pertwee plays an accidental buys a vampire cape that turns him into a real vampire. That's about all history has to offer. I was surprised to see how bad Ingrid Pitt's English is. I guess it had to be doubled in some of the other movies in which I saw it. <br /> <br /> This is not a very memorable film or that I would recommend to anyone, but the horror suits.
