The scenario of the film is beautiful and picturesque. Two women cross the Middle East and discover each other. Unfortunately, if you are looking for a film about the Middle East and Central Asia, it's absolutely terrible. <br /> <br /> The producers of the film did not do any research or were incredibly lazy during their filming. First, the Nuristanis, as they were known in the thirties and, in fact, since the 1890s and their energetic conversion by Abdul-Rahman Shah of Aghnaistan, were not nomads. In fact, they are no longer nomadic since the Aryan invasions of Central Asia more than three millennia ago. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the city filmed under the name of Tehran is not Tehran, which is understandable, but the geography of the area around the city could not be more striking than the city of Tehran , which is surrounded on all sides by a vast chain of mountains, which dominates all the views of the city. <br /> <br /> Third, in Persian, despite the fact it is spoken in Iran and Afghanistan, is never heard in a film. When native speakers do not speak German, they speak Arabic. In fact, the "Persian" guards on the border say "Ma hadha rujal" (it is not a man) and not "in mard nist" as it would be in Persian. In addition, the love song between the Indian princess and one of the main characters is obviously in Spanish. In the garden, one of the main characters says that the Koran uses the words "Ferdos" and "jehaan" and refers to the following words related to the drug. These words certainly never appear in the Qur'an because they are Persian for paradise (indeed, Ferdos and Paradise are very distant names between our languages) and 'World', although Jehaan is confessed close to 'Jehennan' who is hell in Arabic. When they meet nomads in the desert, the spoken language is also Arabic, despite the fact that there are NO native speakers of Arabic in Iran and Afghanistan and that its use is mainly religious, with use in education at that time. <BR /> <br /> When they are arrested in Iran before reaching the Afghan border, the people they meet are not exactly like any Iranian group. Their tents are typically Bedouin with carpets decorating the walls and a high profile. In Iran, it is also extremely rare for people to wear Turbans unless they are clerics. The spoken language is clearly Arabic of the welcome word of "Ahlan wa Sahlan". When they reach Kabul, the desert in which they are is sandy, which is totally different from the rocky dirt found in the arid parts of the Hindu Kush mountain range. There is no light green scrub that covers the ground in summer and spring. The area is also not fully occupied by the extreme mountains of the mountain range that bears his name, The Indian Killers, because of its difficult and limiting terrain. <br /> <br /> In short, history is the only thing in this movie that contains water and it is still a weak and common place. It has no real appeal, it's just the story of two women trying to get to know each other on arrival in Nuristan. However, even this is stillborn and no real development is felt, leaving the characters at the beginning and nothing has changed except that the Second World War broke loose. In short, it is a very bad film that I would have classified in a single star, except the good pictures of Bedouins and the deserts of the Levant, even if they are badly named.
