The basic principle of "Miami Golem" certainly deserves a place among the best, for example, fifty of the most incredible cinematic scenarios never written! I know that the top 50 does not seem very impressive, but I've seen a lot of really strange movies with crazy intrigues. I was prepared from something complicated because the film was directed and co-written by Alberto De Martino, one of Italy's most ambitious and creative filmmakers, but unfortunately underestimated. De Martino steals many successful blockbuster ideas, as most Italian filmmakers have done at this time, but he always adds a lot of things to make it even more complex, confusing and overwhelming. Not all of De Martino's films are worth it, but some of them are extremely underrated, such as "A special magnum for Tony Saitta", "Holocaust 2000" and "Formula for a Murder". The concept of "Miami Golem" contains elements of many great sci-fi and adventure movies (such as "Alien", "Starman", "Encounters of the Third Kind", "ET", ??), but I do not not exactly. call it a scam. The only thing that is really stolen shamelessly in another movie is the opening theme song of the synthesizer that sounds almost identical to Harold Faltermeyer's Axel F. of "Beverly Hills Cop". The rest of the film is a fun mix of fantasy, sci-fi, action, horror and super-movie-movies. It certainly does not make sense (most of the time, it's totally wrong), but "Miami Golem" is undeniably a multi-faceted imaginative film that has fascinated me and my companion from beginning to end. <br /> <br /> The plot is extremely difficult to summarize briefly but I will try anyway. The skeptical journalist Craig Milford reports the story of a German scientist who discovered alien DNA in a meteorite crashed and managed to clone it. The DNA cell belongs to a diabolical extraterrestrial force that had already exterminated another interstellar race in the past. It will undoubtedly destroy the whole of humanity as soon as it becomes big enough. If that was not enough already, the rich man, Mr. Anderson, ordered to steal the evil fetus which was growing slowly because he thought he could manipulate it and use it to gain world domination. With the help of good aliens in earthly disguise, Craig Milford has the difficult task of protecting the planet from the devilish fetus. Okay, I know it sounds grotesque and stupid, but I assure you that "Miami Golem" is actually a digestible film that's easy to digest. The first half of the film may seem overly hectic and confusing, as Alberto De Martino tries to keep the plot secret by using ridiculous red herrings. There are subliminal ghostly appearances, sympathetic characters with exaggeratedly mysterious behavior without real reason and, at some point, speculations on the lost continent of Atlantis. All this is misleading, however, and as soon as the configuration is more or less clear, "Miami Golem" turns into an ordinary action movie on the popcorn of the early 80s with bloody massacres, chase sequences flamboyant (in the Florida Everglades!), Explosions, free sleaze and nasty little fetus monsters in jars. <br /> <br /> Now, I really do not want to give the impression that "Miami Golem" is a lost and unnecessarily obscure jewel of the Italian operating cinema. Make no mistake, it's a very bad movie! Events become endurable only if you accept the stupidity and inconsistency of the plot and if you fail, it is just a ceaseless sputtering of negative aspects. The acting performances are terribly awful. John Ireland, a veteran of movie B, as a villainous character of James Bond, does not seem the least interested in the script. From his grimaces and the way he delivers his lines, he also thinks that all production is delayed and simply registered for the paycheck. Laura Trotter is probably the sexiest female sexual object to date, and the person who designed the wonderfully chaotic VHS cover must have felt exactly the same, because the lovely girl on the cover does not appear anywhere in the movie . What an embarrassment it must be for Mrs. Trotter. Yet her totally free nudity sequences make up for that because she is so hot from the neck to the feet. And finally, there is the unforgettable scene where David Warbeck takes a helicopter on a school bus in motion with an ordinary gun! I do not think even John Rambo can do that, when he's a veteran of Vietnam and the Warbeck character is a simple TV reporter.
