A journalist, Craig Milford, who works for the Public Communications Center James Keller, interviewed a German professor from a Florida university, who created an unknown creature from a meteor substance (s). But then, a man named Anderson tries to control the entire planet with the creature. His man kills the teacher and his assistants and lures the creature. So Craig and his new psychic partner, Joanna Fitzgerald, who can communicate not only with a human being but also with alien friends of the creature, start to find the creature and try to send it to an alien spacecraft ... movie has very good casting and staff. For example, it includes actor David Warbeck of THE BEYOND, actress Laura Trotter of NIGHTMARE CITY, special effects designer, Sergio Stivaletti of Dario Argento's masterpieces, and the director (and also the screenwriter ), Alberto De Martino of THE MAN WITH EYES OF ICE AND THE KILLER IS ON THE PHONE. And these talented people make an incredibly bad movie, named, just that MIAMI GOLEM which is essentially a confusingly combined film of CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD GENRE with EXTRA-TERRESTRIAL E.T.THE. And this not-only-confused-but-also-drunk movie has something worthwhile; genetic engineering with psychic research. Therefore, the film has at least one scientific and / or technical flaw. genetic engineering and psychic research are never compatible. (Strangely, as far as this strangely childish combination of genetic engineering and psychic research is concerned, the main character, Craig, says himself: "There was a better explanation to the short-haired psychic, Joanna." But, after all, the whole story of the film does not present and can not present any kind of BEST EXPLANATION.) In addition, this film has something more laughable; his problematic music. What the composer, known as Robert Marry, brings only strangely insistent music to the taste of BEVERLY-HILLS-COP. I do not mean that BEVERLY HILLS COP's Italianized theme as such is particularly bad music, but I must say that it seems to be quite obvious that the music does not have any form at all for this film. Indeed, who can think that BEVERLY HILLS COP has compatibility with genetic engineering and / or psychic research?
