Final score ... it does not matter - it's a reality show. He has no love for his audience, he speaks to lazy viewers, puts nothing in and nothing comes out. <br /> <br /> "Joe Millionaire", the most blatant reality TV show of all, is a televised disaster of epic proportions. This is a pivotal and decisive moment, not only for Fox, but for the American public who look, love and talk about this shit the next day. You must be ashamed of yourself. Because even though Fox is promoting this junk, she will not make money if she is not being watched by people (well, yes, the final has had almost the Super Bowl number !?). Do you mind that there are many quality shows written, directed, played and usually erased, which are canceled and that you cancel by sitting and letting yourself go to this game show cold and effortless? <br /> <br /> I was a fervent supporter of Fox. It is those of us, like myself, who love and seek quality TV that helped build Fox in the days of the Bride and Groom, the Children, and the Simpsons. Quite conveniently, at present none of these salons would take six weeks with current management. The Gail Berman "reign of terror" as it is often called. The network has made war on scripted TV AND, strangely, it's its fans. The same people who helped build them early. Now, not only do we have to fight for good shows, but we have to fight against their own network. It goes beyond the spirits. Nothing that Fox has done in the past three years makes sense. By canceling hits like "Titus", "Futurama" and "John Doe" (NBC can renew "Boomtown", but Fox can not lift the pitiful head to give the only decent show they've had this season another shot ?). And the reason they can do all this: the success of junk food like "Joe Millionaire". They can now say "We do not need you, TV fans, we have reality shows". They apparently seem to have no idea of ​​the large number of viewers who draw lots with this junk food and will abandon them to the next second craze. Alienating their base in this way will eventually kill the network as it did with ABC. <br /> <br /> The show itself is a joke. Here we have a premise, in Fox's now classic gimmick, which promises something different and upset, but then offers something that is in no way different from "The Bachelor" or anything else on the big 3. Fox became popular. The final and "twist" (quote / no quote) showed that they had no idea in mind. Now, we know that all these shows, no matter how different they look, will all end up the same, the same fairy tale. We had the opportunity to see a budding group of aspiring actors that the network chose from among millions of shots in the head for their demographic parade, like high school bimbos claiming to love this Evan Marriott because ... well because it was a competition and that's what you're supposed to do. Marriott himself is like a beautifully disfigured man struggling to compose the simplest sentences. But, how do women (who all look pretty mean to ugly - a major drawback is a guilty pleasure show like this) do not fear "Joe" with lines as charming as "Look, you are not stupid. " <BR/> <br /> I thought people watching these reality shows / dating / games were too lazy to change channels, but after "Joe Millionaire", I think they must be truly mentally deficient. Go people, have a little more pride in you. Demand a little more of your entertainment than this. <br /> <br /> Boycott FOX.
