The serum begins when Eddie (Derek Phillips) is thrilled to learn that he has been accepted into medical school to continue the family tradition of becoming a doctor, like his father Richard (Dennis O'Neill) and his uncle Eddie (David H. Hickey), However, his joy could be short-lived as Eddie is involved in an accident and is crushed by a car. Brought to the nearest hospital, poor Eddie is not very handsome so his uncle Eddie convinces his brother Richard to let him save him with the serum he developed, a serum that will give the recipient the power to repair himself any injury. or illness. Desperate that his son lives Richard accepts, but the procedure has unwanted side effects such as turning Eddie into a zombie that eats the brain, which is not a good thing ... <br /> <br /> Produced by the executive, written and directed by Steve Franke I will be quite frank and I will say that Serum is awful. Serum is one of those low-budget horror movies that tries to rip off any number of other movies and ends up being a little more fun than having your nails pulled with pliers. The scenario is appalling. Re-Animator (1985) felt it: crazy scientists holding huge syringes trying to eradicate death, but it's so boring that it's wrong, that the first forty minutes are nothing more than a soap opera pretty much nothing waiting to buy time with Eddie coming home after spending some time & finding his ex-girlfriend forged a relationship with someone else, arguments with his mother-in-law, get drunk with his mate and generally annoy the public. So once the boredom of the first forty minutes is over and if you look at it again, it takes another twenty minutes to bring Eddie back to life, then he kills several people, the police catch up and shoot at him, at the end. Thank God. The serum is devoid of all the characteristics that one would associate with a good film, the character is nil, the dialogue is mediocre, it takes itself much too seriously, it is dull, it is slow, it is unforgettable and considering that this is a horror movie there is an alarming lack of blood, blood or horror. Not recommended, did I mention that the serum was boring? I thought so. <br /> <br /> Director Franke does nothing to animate this scene, although competent, there is no style here. The blood levels are nonexistent, there is a little blood splattered, a neck bitten, some scars on the face of a dead woman, some scenes where a needle pierces the skin and that's it. Do not expect a resuscitator in the gore department, because if you do, you will be deeply disappointed, just like me. Filmed in what looks like a house, a restaurant and a lab, the movie has no variety either and just looks cheap. There are some scenes of nudity but it is far from enough to save her. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is not so bad, at least it looks like we used real cameras, I really can not talk about it. special effects because there is none, but as a rule, Serum has a reasonably professional appearance. Apparently shot in Texas, or should we read that it should have been shot in Texas? The acting game is nil, again, I think they were a suitable actor rather than friends or the director's family. <br /> <br /> Serum is a terrible movie. It is dull, slow, boring, without gore and looks like a horrible soap. Opera during the first forty minutes. I do not understand why anyone would feel the need to look at this while he can watch Re-Animator or one of his suites instead, I seriously recommend you not to give Serum. There I just saved you from losing 90 minutes of your life, you can thank me later.
