"Serum" starts with credits that are very reminiscent of Re-animator movies, and it owes them a lot. The story is very similar. a mad doctor develops a serum that, in his opinion, will relieve pain, sickness, and death, but apparently he does not seem to be a big supporter of clinical trials and ends up with a devouring brain zombie on the person's hands of his nephew. The zombie even looks like one of those of "Re-animator" and, in fact, some of the "Serum" makeup effects are not bad. Unfortunately, the scenario is quite slow and unbelievable in many places, giving a soap opera impression for most of the first three quarters of the film. For some reason, the director feels obliged to tell us the time of day every few minutes by making it appear in big white letters on the screen. I do not see why it was so important, other than trying to give viewers an idea of ​​the passing of time; Sometimes this would not be there other than the intrigue advance. <br /> <br /> There are a number of moments that are not added here. For example, a victim is beaten with a hammer, but when you see it closely, there is no sign of this trauma. In another scene, a character walks through a fully lit hospital corridor (we can see the circles of light on the floor, in fact) with a flashlight in his hand, looking for everyone as if he was walking in the room. black ... but A little later, a second character borrows the same lighted corridor without having one. These are just a few examples; Moments of what looks like a shortfall on the part of a director or writer appear quite frequently in the film. <br /> <br /> "The serum" is better in some ways than most of what goes directly to the horror independent of the video. In terms of technical elements ?? sound and photography, for example ?? it has a more polished look than a lot of what falls on a DVD. On the other hand, there is still a lot of wooden play (especially one of the main characters, the mad scientist himself!) And crazy moments that have nothing to do with the suspension of the game. disbelief and everything about writing and continuity. These may be things that the people involved in making this film will eventually gain more experience with. One of the problems of low-budget independent horror in recent times is that filmmakers often strive to redo more popular movies with larger budgets, and that hardly ever works. This is not the case in the case of "serum".
