Green Street, as it was called in the UK, or Hooligans is a bad movie. The story is full of fantastic ideas and premises that anyone who lives in England, has attended a football game or knows that the first thing about football will be immediately visible. <br /> <br /> My first main complaint with Hooligans is the poor casting of the two main characters. Do not get me wrong, I love Elijah Wood and I respect his work a lot, but despite all his efforts, he struggled to take on this role. The main motivation of his character is anger against the system and anger at treason. However, he spends much of the film placid and cheerful, showing his repressed aggression only in a brief scene towards the end of the film. This connection to his appearance and physique makes him an unconvincing addition to a gang of football thugs. At no time during the film, I was convinced that he could a) fight against such thugs and b) that the "group" of thugs would accept such a person. <br /> <br /> The other The main character is played by Charlie Hunnam. Charlie is watching the game and is quite convincing as a thug. Unfortunately, being from Newcastle Upon Tyne in the north of England, he shows the worst accent of East London since Dick Van Dyke tried to get stuck in Marry Poppins. Details like this will probably not bother an American audience that will be less sensitive to the British regional dialect, but the fact that I'm from the UK was a problem that I could not ignore and that helped ruin the film. The supporting actors all gave convincing performances and were well expressed, especially the role of Bover. The boy playing this character would have been much more suited to the main role played by Charlie. With a movie like this, you have to convince the audience that your characters are plausible. Unfortunately, the casting failed. Imagine doing a movie like The Godfather and Sean Hayes (Jack) of Will and Grace playing Michael Corleone. You would not be convinced. The story of Hooligan is also full of implausibilities. I am not a hooligan footballer, but I am a fantastic fan of football. I know how a group of "normal" football supporters can be a group. This is therefore considered impossible for a non-football fan, who is not a fan of the club in question, who is not from the area in question and not even at all. English nationality must be adopted by an "enterprise" which amounts to a secret organization in certain serious cases. My last and main problem with this film is the way it describes football hooligans. I oppose the film's idea that, even if they are very violent, hooligans are exempt from submitting to some kind of ethical code in their own world and must be admired for their courage and loyalty. towards each other. These are complete garbage. Football hooligans are a complete scum. They take football, the national sport of England and use it as an excuse to terrorize, scare and intimidate people. They represent a tiny percentage of football fans, but give a bad name to all football and the people of this country. They are neither brave nor loyal, they are cowardly and mean. If the "GSE" of this movie really loved their club, West Ham, why would they devote their lives to being a blot on his name. Hooligans are an embarrassment for football and English society. Football hooligans do what Hitler did for the reputation of the Germans for the reputation of football. Although this film tries / intends to show the "hard" side of violence in football. This only promotes this as a kind of excusable activity for extreme fans of the sport. It does not show the poor innocent bystanders at football matches that have their day spoiled by an idiot throwing coins / lighters / glass into the crowd. It does not show the innocent owners of homes and real estate who have to deal with broken graffiti and windows. This does not show the real supporters of football clubs who suffer from indignity and embarrassment when their team's supporters are forbidden to go to away matches or to European matches because the thugs among them are ruining him. for everyone. If you want to see a good movie about violence in football, watch the drama of the BBC "The Firm".
