As a fan of sci-fi movies, I've known The Matrix since it was released in 1999. As long as I allowed people to talk to me about it, I thought it was very original and sophisticated. I am also passionate about Alice in Wonderland. I could not understand how I missed The Matrix when it was released. With the imminent release of The Matrix Reloaded, it was time to buy the DVD and watch it. <br /> <br /> The disappointment was too great. The premise of the matrix (the control device as opposed to the movie) was clever. The philosophical premise of parallel worlds, alternative realities, is an exotic one. However, I would still have been able to enter the film, as a science fiction, if he remained firmly in this genre. Unfortunately, this has become a norm: "are they going to go or escape, break through, save those who need help, etc." To make matters worse, it turned out to be another martial arts exercise. The problem is that sci-fi and martial arts movies are really of two different types. For the purest, the devotee of one or the other, mixing the two does not work. It's like mixing science fiction with romance. You can have one or the other, but not both in the same movie, or at least not both to the same extent in the same movie. <br /> <br /> If there were such problems with The Matrix, The Matrix Reloaded really made the problems worse. At least thirty minutes of the film were either martial arts sequences or the long car chase. (This observation ignores the question, posed in all the professional and negative reviews of the film: If Neo could do what he was with Superman, why bother to fight? The answer, of course, is what attracts the young male demographic theater.) Then there is the aspect "redemption through love". Richard Wagner had used this intriguing device over a hundred years ago. In fact, he handled the situation better at Die Gotterdammerung. <br /> <br /> Where does this leave those who saw the Matrix Reloaded? Martial arts lovers have probably groaned through the banal pretense, but they are mysterious science fiction philosophers. Science fiction fans wondered why they were attending a kung-fun festival. Most of the men in the audience were probably bored by the silly romance aspect of the movie. <br /> <br /> Exactly what are you supposed to get for your money when you see the movies of The Matrix franchise: Science fiction, martial arts, or soap opera? A bit of everyone does not do much more than them, nor a satisfying film for everyone's fans.
