The man would expect a film shot with an env. A budget of $ 300,000,000 should at least entertain you during the time you spend at the movies watching it. "Matrix Reloaded" proves this wrong assumption. <br /> <br /> "The Matrix" worked better, despite apparent holes in the logic of the story. At least nobody could explain to me why hitting a bot (agent) inside a simulation (alias martix) would harm the computer program in any way ... <br /> < Unfortunately, the Wachowski brothers made excuses This "agent-bashing" the main thing in "Matrix Reloaded": it's a beat 'em up o-rama. These fight scenes can be sufficient (or even cold) in 5 seconds. The trailer, but prolonged for several minutes, apparently falsified, choreographed badly and repeated over and over again, it's nothing boring. Although we have seen the promised spectral cascades, there is nothing more than a mere bashing of low quality and unimaginative déjà vu (or better no) in, for example. Van Damme 'movies'. The difference in post-production (if everything is 5 times faster, if the camera floats a lot and freezes on certain scenes, and it repeats itself for at least 5 minutes) does not help anything here, it's all nothing to do with the very meaning of "martial arts". Beside these "fights", all the actors refuse to do what they are paid for: to play. <br /> <br /> What's up besides the fight scenes? Little except the Hollywood routine. This group of hippies so multicultural that has sucked "Waterworld" is recycled as a citizen of "Zion" (the last city in the world), and by order of Morpheus, they start to dance, because it's a good opportunity to show a lot of breasts and barely covered butts. The so popular cliché of the frog, says French, speaks with that mute accent of je-ne-sais-quoi, which wastes his fortune because of a "liason of love", is served with courage. As a result of this (and funny funny) is the fight between Neo and the sinister followers of "the frog" because it takes place in an Erroy Flynn as an enterner, fortunately with a lot of medieval weapons for decoration. For Neo posing with the hellebian, just add 2 stairs and many statues (to be destroyed, thrown on bad guys, etc.) and you will get 5 min more insane and boring. of this junk. <br /> <br /> What is left to wait? Hell of usual merchandising. And "revolutions" that will happen or not - certainly without me.
