The first film Matrix was rich in character development, witty dialogues and action scenes that kept pace with the story's history. These elements, combined with the incredible special effects of the day, presented a magical journey that kept you in suspense all the time. Enter Matrix Reloaded (and its suite, Revolutions). The problem here is not special effects or combat sequences as some might say; The brothers took well-developed characters from the first film and dug them like logs of rotten trees. The connection that was made for the first time between the viewers and the characters on the screen in the first movie is lost when you realize that it is not the same characters as those of the first movie Matrix. <br /> <br /> To find out, Morpheus was developed as a Charismatic and Philosophical Character with an insight far beyond all others in the film, but here in Reloaded - we are presented by a different Morpheus who is Holds hard and hollow, reduced to a rowdy line that contradicts the character we saw developing in the first film. This character no longer felt the same, and the same could be said of the supporting characters in the film. <br /> <br /> The removal of 'Tank' was also a disappointment. Tank's participation in the first film was minimal at best, but he played the role extremely well. In Reloaded, we discover that Tank dies after the events of the first film and is replaced by a Jar Jar Binks stuntman who could do nothing to save his life (think of Kellogg's Corn Flakes box). His performance left me laughing all the time, and most of his spoken dialogue lacked timing. There was an overwhelming feeling that he was trying too hard to transmit his emotions to the screen or that the script was misinterpreted; in both cases, the experience was humorous! Sometimes I felt embarrassed for the actor .... <br /> <br /> Even the divine character of Neo was suspicious during most combat sequences. The battle in the alleys with Agent Smith's 200 clones was certainly exaggerated. For a man as gifted as Neo, you have to ask yourself that he would lose even his time in such a futile and frivolous battle as when urgent questions arise (especially if you consider his ability to fly or his ability to impious to bend the Matrix Neo could certainly have sent clones much faster and more efficiently). Again, such acts lend themselves to a scenario hampered by coherence and scenes created to keep us from feeling gypped. In joking, our expectations of the characters created in the first film are quickly dismissed. Unfortunately, if you expect more of the same, you will certainly be disappointed with your departure. <br /> <br /> However, if you take Reloaded as a standard and banal action movie, not to mention the incredible inconsistencies in the stories and the non-existent development of the character already established since the first movie, you should go away very happy.
