Visible little semi-soaper, but hardly captivating. Two or three more fun moments. What surprises me is how much McNicol is slippery and morally highly questionable. She plays an invalid (a leg problem) and yet, not only is she not the "ugly duckling" that men avoid, but she's even a man-eater - and we're supposed to be paying attention to her! Oh, poor little McNicol, with his leg problem ... Poor little McNicol ??! She constantly receives passes from men and throws them even without blinking! On one occasion, she even had a premeditated one-night bond with a blond stallion, and then told her newly-found French girlfriend, rather nonchalantly, that it had taken her time to get an erection! Viewers wonder why she is so concerned about her legs if every guy wants to hit her. Well, almost all guys; the only guy who really shunned him after seeing his metal-wrapped leg is the one who works on the phone. But otherwise, she seems to be doing well with men! No shyness, no success with men, and she throws them like toys; The way she dropped Carradine was ridiculous. Poor invalid girl ?? I do not think so. And yet, we are supposed to believe that this woman has a major problem of trust; Hence the scene in which she prepares to play the flute for a solo concert and manages to throw the notes on the floor in a nervous way. Nervousness?? The rest of the film shows little or nothing that might suggest that she has problems with self-confidence. This flute scene is therefore absurd and does not correspond to reality. I was also surprised by how quickly and how hard McNicol befriended a French girl who fucks a married guy. In appearance, the film would seem to be a "sentimental story of a crippled woman's struggle to be accepted" (or something like that) but it's nothing at all; the writer clearly switches between this type of film and a type of film "screw everything that moves - it's the 80s" - very confusing. <br /> <br /> Regarding her leg: it's not as if she had a big fat purple balloon pushing on the muscle of her calf. She has "only" a normal-looking metal prosthesis attached to the bottom of her leg, so I really do not understand why the filmmakers are trying to make it look like she's a Quasimodo woman or something. beginning of the film. It's not like she has a twin head sticking out of her neck! Although McNicol is hardly a major catch. A little cute but nothing special, quite average. <br /> <br /> But what does Carradine play like a (relatively) smooth guy flirting with McNicol and his friend ?! This guy was in "Revenge of the Nerds"! But I suppose it's the same with the Carradines in the cinema and with the Kennedys in politics: no matter how serious, impossible or stupid, all doors are open for a career in film and politics, respectively . <Br /> <br /> Down with nepotism. <br /> <br /> If you want to read fake biographies about Carradines and other Hollywood nepotists and fools, contact me by e-mail.
