Another black double on a Warner Home Video disc and by far the best of both films is RKO's wonderful 1950 thriller, "Where Danger Loves". It's a memorable classic with an excellent cast of Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rains. Nobody photographed in black and white by Nicholas Musuraca, he was closely directed by John Farrow. "Where Danger Lives" is an excellent example of the black style of image making. We will always remember his elegant artistic work that was Hollywood's past - (See my full article). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, none of the above praise can be applied to the second movie on the disc, the abominable MGM 1949 stinker TENSION! Wrongly written (Allen Rivkin) and directed by John Berry, this film is full of ridiculous characterizations and improbable situations. The inconceivable relationship between a modest and disgusting pharmacist - played faded by Richard Baseheart - and his visibly very fuzzy wife (a ludicrous Audrey Totter) is totally implausible and unconvincing (one can not guess who is the first to think it). Then, when, "unsurprisingly", abandons him for one of his playmates (Lloyd Gough), our shy pharmacist, instead of being euphoric and disproportionate with his new good fortune, tries to avenge and tries to kill Gough but at the last minute. The guy is still murdered and our pharmacist is immediately suspected by Detective Barry Sullivan (another bland performance), Homicide. So who killed him? Well, at this stage of the movie, you really can not care, because everything is so badly done and made ridiculous by director Berry. Mr. Berry has no idea of ​​the pace and is unable to inject even a little bit of style into the thing. He can not put anything in front of the camera to prevent you from falling asleep! The only tension in this film lies in the extremely stretched elastic slamming between the fingers of Barry Sullivan who gives the intro to the opening of the film. So much for that! A very unfortunate effort! It's life! <br /> <br /> The best of this turkey is the sweetness of the monochrome photography of the great Harry Stradling, an effective score of the young André Previn and a dramatic first appearance of the lovely Cyd Charisse found his dance shoes. Hey! - Maybe she could have saved the photo if she had given us some steps and some pirouettes! HUH? <br /> <br /> In his favor, though, are loads of extras that include trailers, commentaries and featurettes for both films. But the record is worth it for the classic RKO Mitchum!
