Robin Cook's novel "Coma" had already been turned into a pretty successful film in 1978. A few years later, it was another bestseller by Robin Cook who had been treated to the big screen, but in the case "Sphinx", practically all that could go wrong goes bad. It's a dreadful adventure movie made up of wooden performances, silly dialogues, unconvincing characters and a lead rhythm. The only reason it escapes the rating 1 out of 10 is that the Egyptian background is infinitely more fascinating than the story itself. Hard to believe Franklin J. Schaffner (of "Patton" and "Planet Of The Apes") is the director of this debacle. <br /> <br /> The pretty Egyptologist Erica Baron (Lesley Anne-Down) is on a working holiday in Cairo when she comes across the store of antique dealer Abdu-Hamdi (John Gielgud). Hamdi befriends Erica and is impressed by his enthusiasm and knowledge. As a result, he shows him a beautiful and incredibly rare statue of Pharaoh Seti I, which he secretly keeps in his shop. The very existence of the statue arouses a strong emotion in Erica, because it could provide essential clues to locate the long lost tomb of Seti I, a price as important as the discovery of the tomb of Tutankhamun in 1922. Before Hamdi can tell more to Erica, he is brutally murdered in his shop, Erica observing with a silent terror his end macabre. Frightened and yet tempted by what she saw, Erica tries to find the treasure. She is helped and hindered in her quest by various other parties, none of whom are truly trustworthy. For one, there is Yvon (Maurice Ronet), apparently a friend but perhaps a man with sinister ulterior motives? Then there is Akmed Khazzan (Frank Langella), an Egyptian for whom Erica feels a certain attraction but who can also hide dangerous secrets. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with "Sphinx" usually results from its total neglect of likelihood. Down could not be less convincing as a female Egyptologist ?? It is assumed that she would be quite educated and resourceful, but she spends the whole film screaming helplessly like a busty bimbo from a teen movie. On the rare occasions when she does not run out in front of a bad potential, she does other brainless things, like taking Polaroid flash pictures in a 4,000 year old grave! The twists of the plot are cruel to say the least, consisting mainly of revelations and double crosses predictable well in advance. We can not even try to enjoy the film at the price of a silent action but fun, because the pace is terribly slow. The little action that can be found is separated by long periods of boredom. A famous film critic said: "The Sphinx stinks!" Never before has a two-hour film been so well summed up in two words.
