This film has nothing to do with the Sphinx and the title is only a beginning. The story concerns an imaginary tomb, true and hidden in the Valley of the Kings, King Sethi I, second pharaoh of the nineteenth dynasty, period of the New Kingdom. This is not a bad thread, and much of the film is shot on the spot. Even the scenes in the lobby of the Winter Palace Hotel in Luxor were really shot there, not in a studio. The equipment of the second unit is endless and they had to be released in Egypt for weeks. Frank Langella is very good as a sophisticated Egyptian. He should take it as a sideline. The film is essentially ruined by one of the most irritating actresses in the world, Lesley Anne Down, who plays the lead role. She spends the whole movie wondering how she is, if her blue eyes reflect the light at the right angle, do whatever the guys want, and so on. After starting life as a model at age ten, what hope could there be for her? She embodies all that is most revolting about feminine vanity and silly stupidity. And to say that this film was directed by Franklin Shaffner, who won an Oscar for 'Patton'! It allows this terrible actress to moan and simulate through the film, hysterical for a moment, flirting the next, in a kind of hurricane of idiocy as she passes from one man to another, shouting or doing bedroom eyes, no matter. She is supposed to be a young Egyptologist. But she has never been to Egypt before! She takes a taxi to Giza and for the first time sees the pyramids. She burst out ecstatically: "But they are so big !!!! Barf! It was the scenario, but it too easily adopts banality, giving the impression that it is its natural element, which I do not doubt. The elements of the story are valid. Indeed, the black market of antiquities poses a serious problem. True! Good game! Robin Cook's novel, which I have not seen, may be acceptable for all I know. It was fun to see the name of Cyril Swern as a soundman on the film, as I had known for quite a long time. Stanley Kubrick's daughter-in-law, Katharina, is described as a "designer". I wonder what that means? Maybe she has already worked. In any case, the antiques of the film are pretty good. And we come to see a lot of Cairo Museum and many picturesque places. In fact, they go to the tomb of King Tutankhamun! I do not imagine it would be allowed today for a movie. Many inappropriate scenes take place in mosques. It would not be good today, but in 1981, such things were not on the agenda. The music of the movie is absolutely dreadful, worse than Lesley Anne Down! But there were elements of sound tracks that were surprisingly authentic, one being the cacophony of the traffic noise of Cairo, which is accurately rendered in the background, and would make everyone in Cairo laugh. , nervously. In addition, calls to prayer by the speaker are present all the time, another touch of authenticity. Why did not they understand? It could have been good.
