I agree with the majority of the comments I have seen written. I grew up watching Seseme Street even before many of the people who wrote comments were born. I was born in 1964 so I was 5 years old when Seseme Street was featured on television. The series taught me my numbers (The Count), my spelling (the Muppet) and life. I liked all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover and Cookie Monster) and I do not really understand why they had to change. I understand that everything has to change in one way or another, but Cookie Monster must be turned into a "vegetarian monster" to promote healthy eating. The series has introduced new characters and monsters since its inception. Why not create a separate "vegetarian monster" that speaks / discusses the benefits of a varied diet with Cookie Monster. To come back to where I was. I grew up watching the start of Seseme Street, my 20 year old daughter grew up looking at SS with me by her side and we talked about Mr. Hooper's death, although he died before he was born, as well as other topics on the show. I saw the episode as an older child and I always remember the quality of their representation, much like in real life. And I'm sure it hits extremely hard, because all deaths and losses affect families. You saw this in the series and it allowed parents and children to discuss very difficult events. The show talked about traditional families, adoptive families and families combined. This is one of the few programs that discusses these scenarios. I now have a 5 year old daughter who does not really look at SS. I tried watching the show a few times, but that's not what it was. The 1/2 hour Elmo with Mr. Noodle is absolutely ridiculous. As many people have said, it does not teach anything. It is intended for less than 18 months (maybe) and is not even funny. I have always been proud to watch SS with my own child, child, teenager and adult. Now, for my second round, I really have trouble watching SS. The topics covered: death, marriage, non-traditional families, new neighborhoods, moving, were related to children and adults in an easy to understand way for 2 to 99 years old. Now there is NO concept taught, no minimal counting, only the occasional mention of the alphabet. This is not the same SS, an original observer of the show. PLEASE, if producers of the show read these comments, put the show back to its base. The new concepts have never been a problem with SS, they just had a better way to integrate them into the show.
