If you want to see a film that terribly mixes a Latin country with another Latin country, "The Celestine Prophecy" is a good example: 1. Peru, even in its most violent moments, did not show so many police and soldiers as in this film. This showed a country like El Salvador when the civil war. Since I am a Peruvian and I live in Lima (the capital of Peru), it was too funny to see the police here, there and everywhere. 2. If you have a car in Peru and you want (or need to) be a taxi driver, just display a sticker with the word "Taxi" on the window of your car and you can drive freely in the streets of Peru (here). low). are taxi companies, but their rates are quite expensive). No need for a yellow or black / white square strip on the doors of your car. Well, the taxis in this movie have this band, something you'll never see in Peru. 3. Peruvians are not Caribbean style clothes. For example, when a taxi driver came out, he was wearing a "Guayabera" (Cuban shirt), a white hat and mustaches in his forties, like Clark Gable. Not a Peruvian man looks like that, please! Peru is not the Caribbean! 4. A scene shows a woman in a street with a long skirt, like the typical Latin American folk dresses. Stroll anywhere in Peru, and you will never find a woman who wears such a suit, unless you are watching a typical dance. 5. Cast could have been better: I can not deny that Héctor Elizondo is a great actor, but he is not a Latin actor (his father was Basque and his mother was Puerto Rico, but he was born in New York) and his spanish is not fluent. His Spanish is not his native language. There are dozens of very good Latin actors who could have performed as Cardinal Sebastian. Petrus Antonius (General Rodriguez) was also a bad choice for a "Latin police officer". It was so amusing to see Elizondo and Petronius in General Rodriguez's office. They looked like two English or American students in a Spanish class, doing their best to pronounce Spanish. Without success, of course. Castulo Guerra was better in Spanish. A "Peruvian" officer, who announced Cardinal Sebastián, also spoke a rather amusing Spanish. There are very good Peruvian actors, such as Augusto Alvarez-Calderón and Christian Meier (to name just two of the many Peruvian actors), who could have played with excellence. 6. I admit that a fiction film can afford a license to invent cities or even countries. But, please, when creating a name, be careful when using a foreign language: the city described in this movie should have been called "Vicente" and not "Viciente". Vicente is a masculine given name and Viciente has never been used. 7. I do not agree with a user who claims that this film was shot in different places in Peru. Not one place is Peruvian, although the production has used an excessive number of posters showing "Inca Kola", the Peruvian soda. Like few American films, this one must have used any Latin country. After all, for American producers or directors, a Latin place is identical to any other Latin place. 8. In the first scenes, when John (Matthew Settle) will fly to Peru, he is supposed to arrive at Peru's only international airport: Jorge Chavez Airport (in Lima, the capital). In fact, believe me, it must be any airport in the world, with the exception of the Peruvian airport. And, of course, in Peruvian airports, there are no military guards or policemen. 9. When this John occupies a room in a hotel in Peru, it is equipped with a fan and obviously does not have an air conditioner. Please, this does not happen in any hotel in Peru (and other Latin countries) unless you get a 1 star hotel! 10. The rebels fighting the government are ... ¡Colombians! Their accent was undoubtedly from Colombia. To disseminate them, the producers should have hired Peruvian actors. In a few words, it would have been cheaper to shoot in Peru. <br /> <br /> I could go on with more examples of this film, which led me to give it a "1" (terrible) vote, but I fell asleep about 20 minutes after the start. But dear producers: This is not a tragedy: there are many worst films with few mistakes. Let's just remember Indiana Jones and the crystal skull realm and Disney's indescribable "new furrow of the emperor". The list of bad films could be endless ...
