The film gives a rather condensed version of what is contained in the book, which, as far as I know, by researching and checking the facts, is largely a work of fiction. In reality, there are no old manuscripts and if the author was in a hurry, I am sure he would have to admit that he had never looked at manuscripts of the ancient Aramaic found at Peru. These "precious" texts written as usual by anonymous people were destroyed by the perverse "enemies of truth" of the church and local government. It's rather strange, because every year, all kinds of New Age crap come out - hundreds of books, dozens of movies - and the Roman Catholic Church does not seem to me to be intent on destroying the movement it's probably watching . as I do, a bunch of doods. Note that I am not a fan of the church, but at least the ancient texts on which they base their faith are real. <br /> <br /> This is a typical model of hustlers and religious hucksters who claim to have seen or translated old documents that, unfortunately, were destroyed by "evil" men or in the case of Joseph Smith, were brought back to heaven once translated. Therefore, current texts can not be found in any museum such as the Smithsonian, nor translations verified by ancient language specialists such as Coptic or Aramaic. It's a scam. In a way, I admire people who are smart enough to come up with a good idea and make millions, but I could not do it myself, because I do not want to mislead the public with more New Agey hokums. <Br /> <br /> Sometimes an old and authentic text is found hidden and lost for years. The Gospel of Judas, a Gnostic text, was discovered after a carbon dating and a diligent study of this text, reputedly authentic by the experts. The Gospel of Judas was referenced as a heretic around AD 300. No church records from this era mention Celestine's prophecies as authentic, heretical, or otherwise. <br /> <br /> We are moving towards something - it's true - But optimism in Celestine prophecy rests only on fiction and lies, and a philosophy based on lies, such as a Castle built on sand will collapse. The hard, ugly, overcrowded and cruel world of Blade Runner is more likely to resemble the horizon than a common hippie utopia where all is love and peace! I tell people the truth and they hate me, but tell them what they want to hear, even if it's just a joke, you can make millions. Celestine's prophecy is what the world wants to hear. Too bad it is a castle built on sand. Do not mistake yourself. I wish God the vision of Celestine was the reality, only it is not. No ancient philosophy has ever expressed the ideas expressed in Insights, the modern concept of spiritual evolution going hand in hand with biological evolution. These new age ideas did not exist in the ancient world and did not exist until the evolution of Darwininan became well known. This means that the ideas contained in Celestine's prophecies can not be older than those of the nineteenth century and do not date back to the beginning of the century before or during the time of Jesus of Nazareth. This type of claim from New Agers is not at all unusual. Wiccans claim their mark of magic and witchcraft - the "old religion" dates back to the Stone Age, when in reality no shadow book existed before Gerald Gardner who lived in the 1900s and was a friend Aleister. Crowley. <br /> <br /> New Age Gurus tell lies and claim that their ideas are based on ancient teachings, when elders mocked the nonsense preached today by gurus. Why do they do what they do, commit such fraud? It's simple: there are millions of dollars to be won and the modern guru acquires power over his followers. They are in fierce competition and have a strong hatred for their competition despite their claims of love for all things. Each bitter New Age group opposes others. It's a struggle for your mind and your wallet. <br /> <br /> But learn something from me, which is actually similar to one of the ideas, learn to follow your own instinct and seek advice from within. I agree with that wholeheartedly.
