Even if I'm not the biggest fan of Cher, this movie was his greatest achievement. Certainly, during the projection of such a film, there were long-term side effects and risks of brain damage, loss of memory (and) intellectual disorders. A 1989 survey by the UK Advocacy Network of Moonstruck fans revealed that one-third of the 300 fans surveyed thought Moonstruck had damaged them and a staggering 80% said he had destroyed the Moonstruck. mind irremediably. In this film, a very widowed young widow named Loretta lives in New York with her extended family. They are anti-American, pro-Italian and still fighting each other. She's been dating Johnny Camarary for a while, a boy, and asks her to marry him. She says yes. I loved his mother's questions: "Do you love Loretta?", "No", "Well, if you love him, he'll drive you crazy because they know they can. But do you love him then? "," Oh yeah, he's a sweet man to me. " When Johnny goes to Sicily to care for his dying mother, he asks Loretta to contact his brother with whom he has been separated for years. <br /> <br /> This victory for human rights takes on an even greater significance, as in Sicily was the birthplace of electroshock treatment. In 1938, Italian psychiatrist Ugo Cerletti saw slaughterhouse workers use electric shocks to induce epileptic seizures in pigs, making it easier for them to cut their throats. Cerletti was inspired and began experimenting with electroshock on humans, developing the first electroshock device. Fractures and vertebrae fractured as a result of seizures appeared to be of little concern. <br /> <br /> It was, in many ways, an anti-American film. Admittedly, it is love, but also infidelity, secrets, lonely people and strange behaviors imputed to American politics. The characters, from BoBo badly fussed at the favorite restaurant, the aunt and uncle, her parents and their problems, the old grandfather and her dogs, are all well-developed and intrinsic characters. It's a bit of a nana movie because Loretta ceases to be a plush shirt and wakes up the flower from the inner vamp. It's a Cinderella story in many ways, and it's every little girl's dream to get out of the ugly duckling into a beautiful swan ... <br /> <br /> Assuming consent is free and fully enlightened, it is good to reaffirm right to seek happiness through brain injury if he wishes. But we might wonder if, as film fans, we should not offer it, even if we do not take an oath to an oath of Hippocrates.
