Disney has now made simple video suites for many of their many animations. Two of them were made for their 1991 classic, "Beauty and the Beast". Well, these are not really suites, because they are both located between the events of the first movie. The first of these two videos directly on video was "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas", which seems not to please a number of fans of its theatrical predecessor, but I think this can usually be expected with sequels. . However, this second film, "The magical world of Belle", is significantly inferior. <br /> <br /> The film presents three stories that are all happening while Belle is at the castle and the place is under the charm of the enchantress. The first is "The Perfect Word", where a misunderstanding at the table between Belle and the Beast is problematic, and neither of them wants to be the first to apologize. The next story is "Fifi's Folly", where the fifth anniversary of Fifi and Light approaches, and where Light is not prepared, so Belle helps him. However, Fifi sees Light practicing love with Belle and thinks that they are really in love. The film ends with "The Broken Wing". In this story, Belle takes care of a bird with a broken wing, but a bird in the castle will probably cause problems if the Beast finds out, because he hates birds! <br /> <br /> The description of the plot I gave is about the original VHS version of Disney's third film "Beauty and the Beast". Apparently, in the DVD version, there is another story added called "Mrs. Potts Party", but I only saw the original version. However, since I strongly doubt that a story would stand out as a classic, I see no point in looking at the special edition. Anyway, the first thing I will say about the "Magic World of Belle" is that the animation is very two-dimensional compared to what we are used to Disney, which obviously disappoint many people. I did not really like "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas", but you certainly can not say as much about its animation. I'm sure the stories of "Belle's Magical World" could entertain many kids (especially younger ones, I think), and each story has a moral, so they can also teach them valuable lessons. However, for adults, the movie does not have much. Personally, I found no good mood, I found that the constant conflict between Beauty and the Beast was tiring and the stories did not impress me at all (they were not very well written). In "The Perfect Word", Belle says to the beast: "You act rude ... and silly!" It's a little tacky, and I think there are quite a few other tacky moments in these stories. <br /> <br /> At the moment this video came out, I was about eleven or twelve years old. I do not know what I would have thought at the time, because I had lost interest in Disney, and it would take me many years to recover that interest. Even when this movie is out, I think I have gone a little beyond the age group it was intended for. I have never seen "Beauty and the Beast: the Enchanted Christmas" until a few months ago, but unlike this film, I have never heard of it until recently, I think just after seeing the first sequel to Disney's success in 1991. Well, even though I like the original theatrical, I would not have missed much if I had never realized the existence of this movie . For little kids, I'm sure "The Magic World of Belle" can be very entertaining and probably somewhat instructive with its moral, but I do not recommend it for adult Disney fans.
