It is true! Under 9 years on average, but maybe under 12 for others! I was 11 years old when I saw this on video, and at such a young age I could not notice the mediocre quality of cartoons nor the fact that these classic characters we all learned to love are not the same nor as interesting to see. Almost everything is so 2D here! Beautiful is, I agree, not even beautiful but just an ordinary-looking woman with tinted skin, she wears the same brilliant blue dress all the way along without any glamorous dress, The wardrobe is to say the least annoying - my ears can bleed if I had to listen to it every day! Light, both in the original edition and in the Christmas edition, was sweet and elegant, but here it is that is attractive, which is not funny! Cogsworth, although the housewife who illustrates him well, is a man in his own right and the most unbearable character I would say! He always seems to find closing his hole very difficult in this one and his dial that should have been used to go back in the unforgettable time of the two films in this series! Poor, poor Mrs. Potts was not embodied by Angela Lansbury (one of my favorite classic actresses) but by Anne Rogers who did not capture any of Mrs. Potts characters, without wanting to offend her! Not if she did her best! When the beast roars, the sound is so horribly wrong, with no further roaring, growling or grunting from a microphone. I'm aware that this is only a third feature film after two other films, so of course it would not be as good, but I'm sure more contribution would not have hurt Disney artists who done, have achieved such remarkable results. animation styles over the years. Everything is fine, I suppose, and I sometimes look at it even if it suits me. It is quite difficult to make a recommendation for you because it depends on your age, but remember that it will not be at all what you can expect after the previous spectacular movies! And to say that on my video, the text of the back cover says "a brilliant animation"! It's a nice little movie but on the one hand, it's also very poor and, on the other hand, these 3 words should have been saved for the next reissue of the original!
