SPOILER WARNING: There are some minor spoilers in this review. Do not read it beyond the first paragraph if you plan to watch the movie. <br /> <br /> Disney Channel's policy is to create movies and broadcast one per month on cable. Most of them are mediocre and dull, with some good elements, but remain a disappointment (`Phantom of the Megaplex ',' Stepsister From Planet Weird ',' Zenon: Daughter of the 21st Century '). From time to time, they do something really, really great ("Genius", "The other me"). But from time to time, Disney Channel makes a big mistake by giving us a real perverse effect. This month (December 2000), Disney Channel presented "The Ultimate Christmas Gift" which, in my opinion, was awful due to poor writing and bad acting. Apparently, "The Brainiacs.com" was released a few days before Christmas to make a jump in the holidays, because the plot concerns toys. They even paid for a feature in the TV Guide, so I thought it had to be better than the norm. I was in complete shock. Only the "model behavior" of Disney has been worse than that. <br /> <br /> The plot was more far-fetched than normal. I usually slide this slide, but here it goes too far. Matthew Tyler is very sick because his widowed father spends most of his time at work. His father owns a small toy factory that has borrowed heavily from a scrupulous bank to stay afloat. Time and time again, his father must guard himself from the plans he makes with his son and daughter. Matthew decides that the only way to spend time with his father is to become his boss and order him to stay home. He had the great idea to create a website that kids around the world can find and send him a dollar to invest in a computer chip that his sister invents. This concept is full of misconceptions. When children send millions of dollars, Matthew opens the bank account of his own business and buys most of his father's shares. He is the secret leader, but he does not reveal it to his father, but instead shows up at board meetings in the form of a computer-generated cartoon image. This image itself is so complex (and ridiculous) that it is not possible for someone to create it at home, much less for someone who looks as stupid as Matthew. In short, Matthew orders his father to spend more time enjoying himself and doing things with his children, but a federal agent comes in to inquire about Matthew's company because it is fraudulent. <br /> <br /> a lot of trouble here. As mentioned, what they do here is impossible even for real geniuses, what these kids are not. The website, the image of the cartoon, the computer chip, even the elements taught at school, are far too advanced for these children. Most of the actors, especially Kevin Kilner, are terrible. Some familiar faces are wasted. Dom DeLuise plays the owner of the perverse bank, but his share is a disposable. He has a good scene with Alexandra Paul (who shows that she has the capacity to act) in which he explains his motives, but nothing more. And Rich Little is lost in a small role of judge. There is even offensive and inappropriate talk about anti-Russian jokes. But the greatest atrocities are the hard-fought themes. These themes can be found in many of The Disney Channel's films, but never before have these ultra-conservative messages been so badly hammered. The typical idea of ​​"overworked parent" is really pushed to the extreme, and after presenting it inappropriately in "The Ultimate Christmas Gift", seeing her torments me in my mood. Family relationships are important, but Disney must end this endless preaching because work is also important for maintaining a viable family. Apart from canceling activities through work, the father did not seem so bad, but I found it shocking when the grandmother told him, "I do not like what I see." The preaching of the idea that all single parents MUST get married if they want to raise their children is just as bad. Enter Alexandra Paul, whose character, though important for the plot, is only intended to arouse the interest of the father. This shocking attitude only proves that the trust of Disney's brains does not have the brain to avoid splitting the bottom of the body of the Disney script. Instead of letting this movie teach your children how to commit serious fraud, wait for the next Disney Channel movie. It must be better than that. Zantara score: 1 out of 10
