I strongly agree with some of the other critics of this film. I found it incredibly stupid (at best) and downright misleading, misinforming and harmful (at worst). Like others, I found this film to be a dreadful mix of "real" science and pseudoscientific propaganda of the New Age. <br /> <br /> As a psychologist, Candace Pert's contributions particularly shocked me. Admittedly, I was not a fan of his before this movie, but his talk about cell "awareness" was one of the best examples of a term ("consciousness") having a predictable meaning for most people and used it in a distorted way so as to make it obscure instead of clarifying it. It is an old Orwellian spirit which the master himself so aptly describes in his superb essay entitled "Politics and the English Language". To refer to "consciousness" in this way - in fact, to qualify this film as "science-based" in general (which is its clear purpose) - is to use language in the same way that Stalin did when he has slave states "democratic republics" and Hitler when he called his party a "socialist labor movement". <br /> <br /> I do not really claim to understand quantum physics. I know enough to know that to truly understand this would take a lot of time. Oh, but we Americans love "instant illumination," and that's what this movie mistake is trying to accomplish. If he asked questions, it would be one thing, but he would clearly try to ask them and RESPOND, which no film could do simply because we are very far from the answers (if they actually exist). <br /> <By the way, ethically, this film needed a disclaimer about the association of several "expert commentators" with the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi (and TM), not to mention JZ Knight, who often speaks his voice "Ramtha". (I am still amazed at the understanding of 21st century concepts and terminology by superman Atlantis, a 10,000-year-old man, but this film argues that the past, present and future are one, so Ramtha existed in Atlantis 10,000 years ago, I guess it could exist today and tomorrow, but how is it that his financial advice is so incredibly bad for his followers? Oh, I forgot, I I'm the creator of "good" and "bad" advice, so it's all my fault, not Ramtha.) <br /> <br /> What a mess.
