A definitive no A resounding NO. This film is an absolute failure. <br /> <br /> Having been recommended by a friend who likes a lot "this kind of thing", I watched this film with a certain anticipation of being informed, modified, moved, modified, raised, and all the other positive mystical things that could happen to me when I suddenly see the truth. Now, this may seem like someone who is already predisposed to pooping everything related to the metaphysical, physical / physical limits of existence. Believe me, I am not such a person. I try to be open about any presentation, then I decide accordingly. <br /> <br /> Regarding the content, the only thing that I found slightly interesting and informative was the little about peptides, emotions, dependence and cellular receptors. It was the only unifying element I found in the documentary part of this film. The rest of the documentary revolved around several topics and never seemed to unite and merge, try to link and conclude on one point. And what was it that all these things about the Amerindians could not see the ships in which Columbus entered? Who told the "authorities" in this film that this was what happened in 1492? Where are they too? If they had compared it to scientific work on visual cognition (the famous gorilla video, for example, visit the Visual Cognition Lab on the University of Illinois website), a more compelling argument would have -being advanced. Here, however, it looked like a mystical mumbo jumbo without support. <br /> <br /> As a film: it was not a movie, it was two. I found the documentary part slightly interesting, just to hear people talking about what they were talking about (I was upset to see that their credentials were not displayed at the bottom of the screen when they spoke, at least at the beginning!). "story" part of the film with Matlin in this boring, disjointed, intrusive, unbound and downright stupid. This Polish wedding story with this dance was not at all funny. It was laughable, ridiculous, sophomoric and stupid. And I found the use of the word "Pollack" shocking. It seemed so out of place and wrong. Is such a use acceptable because a group member uses a pejorative term to designate the group because they are part of the group? It might be nice to make a point, but it did not seem to be used that way. And in any case, whatever the reason, it offended me, a Pole. I never call myself or refer to my ethnicity as Pollack. And I certainly do not like it when others like it. Can I watch or listen to a sectarian conversation in which this term is used? You betcha! But again, that did not seem to be the case here. It seemed so out of place. Not stocked, unmixed. <br /> <br /> The acting game was catastrophic. Elaine Hendrix's performance was totally incredible. Sometimes she felt like reading her lines that had just been given to her. Marlee Matlin seemed to mostly seem to sleep while walking in this business. Maybe she was baffled by the material. I know I was. If she was supposed to portray disgruntled, drugged, anxious discontent, she did not seem to have a click. But by far, the worst in the world was Hendrix! Overall, I found it to be a poorly articulated and poorly played piece of trap trap.
