It seems that the directors of this film had trouble deciding what their message was. As a result, they had even more difficulty delivering it. They began by mis-describing the principles of quantum physics related to subatomic particles. After drawing a fuzzy picture of Heisenberg's uncertainty principle, they presented a barrage of talking heads that constructed a ridiculous case of logic suggesting that every living person is an entity that follows the same quantum rules on a cosmic scale. Then there was a lot of talk about ideas that Stephen Covey and Tony Robbins built on: positive thinking, breaking bad habits, always looking good, and so on. Then we talked about how our brain can change our body's protein production: hormones that we have more or less chosen to create. If you are sad, you will create sad proteins. If you are happy, you will create happy proteins. It's so simple, is not it? Following our lessons, we follow the fictional life of Amanda, a photographer who appears as anti-depressant and hates her thighs. Filmmakers were slowly but surely trying to make us all say, "Hey, Amanda, let us rejoice!" Why can not she cheer up? Obviously, that's why the world is a bad place for crime, poverty and religion. The film's conclusion (which is basically the whole of the second half) has resulted in a barrage of contradictions. We are all part of an energy where we are not beings, but a collective consciousness, but we are individuals who can change the world, but we are many because of all dimensions, but we can choose who we are , and we have a purpose to do good, but there is no god because there is nothing better than us, so there is no right thing and no evil, so he there is no reward or punishment, so nothing good ever came out of religion, but we should still do good anyway, even if there is no harm or good because it does not there is no one to decide what it is, except that each one of us can make life enjoyable if we all meditate. and then the crime will cease and if we say nice things, our water will freeze in pretty forms. Still with me? Well, because there is more. According to Robert L. Park in his book "Voodoo Science", the whole experience of meditation proposed by John Hagelin in Washington was a joke, the numbers were falsified and the murder rate was higher that year than any other previous year or later. . And what about your positive attitude keeping you young and healthy? It was a message delivered by an older man who looked like his age and an overweight woman. <br /> <br /> So, does all this work or not? I was lucky enough to see the film in a theater where Betsy Chasse, one of the film's three (yes, three) directors, asked questions after the show. I consider myself lucky because I have direct confirmation that these people do not know what they are talking about. Many of the questions asked by members of the audience made her so perplexed that her husband, a chiropractor, had to intervene and recite the answer. I was finally leaving when the discussion became inevitably political and everyone, including Mrs. Chasse, began to wonder how wonderful the world would be if only President Bush could see this film.
