It was a shitty movie, with a lot of nonsense and lazy to count. I only watched this film because one of my favorite actors (Ron Livingston) made an appearance and I continued to watch it because, as a girl, I like all movies that include nudity masculine to change. Later, I wondered how much the scenario could be even more ridiculous, and each time it became ... more ... ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Sean Crawley (the beautiful Chris L. McKenna, who I had never seen before - but I love his little nude scene) is a painter who finds his end when he meets the electrician Duke Wayne (George Wendt of "Cheers"). Thinking he has more work from Duke, Sean agrees to meet the subcontractor Ray Matthews (Daniel Baldwin, who plays a stereotypically nasty guy). A City Hall accountant is investigating Ray (Ron Livingston, whom I'm in love with, from "Office Space" to "Sex & the City"). Ray ends up offering Sean, seemingly desperate, $ 13,000 to kill the accountant, and Sean accepts the job. Sean chases the accountant, including the wife (Kari Wuhrer) to which he is attracted, completes the hit and leaves - taking with him the information pack against Ray. Sean quickly learns that it's used, that Ray never intended to pay for it, and uses the file as a means of pressure to get his money. <br /> <br /> So far, it's a downhill movie ... that's usually worth watching. But as soon as Ray, Duke and their team kidnap Sean to dismiss the information on the file, he became silly and stupid (and still DUMBER ...), until finally, it looks like the writer of the movie, Charlie Higson, having broken off the 10-day hangover and realized that he needed to find desperately how to stop the series of unfathomable damage he had created before a date limit or something like that. Without just detailing the movie, let's just say that in every scene you watch after the kidnapping, you end up panting "what the f ** K!," Baffled by the nonsense going on, while Sean follows a way pretty graphic and rude. to redemption. In the end, there are so many weaknesses in the film that you start to regret watching it. <br /> <br /> This is a movie you should only watch after you hit the cable, and you should have enough beer and friends to make fun of the movie. It's supposed to be a psychological thriller, and McKenna is a decent actor, but it's hard to let go of the movie when you have "Norm" of "Cheers" and a Baldwin brother doing the dirty work, and a strategy of removal that really makes no sense damned. The guys will love the violence, the blood and guts scenes, and the absolutely useless sex scenes and boobs. Girls will enjoy free filming of Sean's crotch in a mainstream movie, while it's almost always girls who undress in a movie. Personally, I hate that the only actor to watch more than his look (Ron Livingston) is only in the first third of the film.
