Oh, how we have a failure here! a movie so bad that your mind will marvel and drift to other things, as it will waste you time with extremely low production values; Worst and racist stereotypes of character since D.W. Griffith described the Chinese character of Broken Blossoms as "the yellow man"; characters so little imaginative and uncomfortable that it is difficult to watch and a story that advances at such a slow pace, stupid and useless that you question those who liked this film. <br /> <br /> Prizzi's Honor is a film that ends up being an absolute postmodern disaster in every possible way. The film is a disordered and senseless catastrophe under the direction of John Huston; Kathleen Turner and Jack Nicholson are watching and everyone else is filling gaps as silly stereotypes or secondary characters who cry on the phone from time to time or bicker with a main character. Prizzi's Honor is a film that falls into the genre of neo-noir, comedy, romance, action, gangsters and crime in general ?? this paired with his director and his cast should be enough to propel him through a kind of story; a kind of sequence of good scenes; a kind of intelligence in the form of a scenario or something else but no ?? what we get is a nasty and ugly film that revolves around nothing. <br /> <br /> I will give some examples of the poor quality of this horror film. First, the film thinks it's a love story and thinks it for about an hour of its time: from MY time. Assassin, Charley Partanna (Nicholson) kills people for a family he works for in New York. Yet, he looks more like his character of Flight over a cuckoo's nest than an international hit-hit. He meets and falls in love with Irene Walker (Turner), who is another murderer. They get on well, but when the poor excuse for a plot is played, it seems that all is wrong. I read that the plot of this movie is: "A hit man and a hit woman fall in love, only to discover that they have all been hired to kill each other." Yes, it is true, but this revelation only occurs after about twenty minutes! Nicholson plays Partanna like someone with an IQ of 60: he walks around; apparently making observations and talking aloud about things he sees; he talks as if he's drunk or has a bigger problem from the inside and even worse, he never feels he's an assassin ?? A very poorly shot assassination at the beginning (what is actually happening on the screen) is not enough to suggest that this guy is a tough guy, the best of the best, an international hit-man. <br /> <br /> So with a main character who is unfriendly and unrealistic, we move on to the script. The first hour and a half is a cinematographic dead zone with all that there is to suggest traces of life rather than bad conventions: Partanna walks on the phone or personally asks the same things over and over again: " Do I marry him? Do I love him? What is love? What do I do? "And it becomes so repetitive that he can not even act. with good mood. This paired with the way he always seemed to be on the phone with someone: a girl called Maerose Prizzi (Huston) played by director John's daughter; who was doing absolutely nothing for the plot and seemed to be there to laugh, just like the scene in which she tells her father how she had slept with Partanna and loved her? it made me think, was it supposed to be funny? Should I laugh? The film looked like an intelligent image of the Mafia with its opening scene of a wedding (ala The Godfather) and its consecutive scenes with a touch of black, gangsters, policemen and assassins introduced into the film. But we get something very, very different. <br /> <br /> The second hour is devoted to a kind of kidnapping plot; right, love and romance is treated ?? maybe the movie will start. I was so wrong: while more and more characters speak very slowly and very deliberately in a monotonous way, we have a kidnapping scene involving a guy coming out of his office: this scene sums up the film. Everything is briefly planned, then executed in a heavy and stupid way, which gives a cheesy look. We do not see them arrive at a dramatic music; maybe they have to go through security to get to the elevators; maybe they have to pay attention to the civilians when they hide in the places of their choice and that this random woman comes out of the elevator and that the shot occurs ?? the scene is not even modified correctly. A suspense, a drama: "Do I shoot or I do not?"; maybe a bit of slow motion because the character has to draw quickly before it's too late? anything but how it was executed. Prizzi's Honor continues its monotonous and uninteresting decadence in the film oblivion as it approaches its apogee. It's a film where cameras reflect in windows; the lights are reflected on the sides of the cars and the "dead" drivers flash when they are pushed from the elbow. Prizzi's Honor is a messy and messy movie that will try the patients of all the audience and not say it's a comedy because I did not laugh with it ?? It's another matter. The film is repetitive, stretched and colorless in its vision and potential for originality - there is no honor here.
