After seeing MIDNIGHT OFFERINGS, I am still convinced that the first decent movie about witches (teenage girls) still needs to be shot. I did not think much about THE CRAFT and I'm not in CHARMED either. The only movie I have more or less enjoyed (about teenage witches) is LITTLE WITCHES (1996), and even that one was not very good. But the changes are that if you liked all the aforementioned movies, you will also enjoy the OFFERS OF THE NIGHT. <br /> <br /> I was expecting a silly, old-fashioned film from the early '80s about teenage witches in high school. But I was rather surprised that all this movie plays it rather seriously. The acting is decent and serious all the time. No jokes are played by teenagers or something. And the score, at first, seemed pretty good. He added a bit of fear and also something "classy", with the use of threatening violins and everything. But as the film progressed, I came to the conclusion that the score was too ambitious. They did not have to add these threatening violins when you just saw someone pull up a car and then go at a normal speed. <br /> <br /> Then there is Melissa Sue Anderson, who was the main reason for me to watch this movie. A few weeks ago, I saw her in HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME, a rather nice, very complicated (and sometimes ridiculous) movie-slasher that she had made the same year as MIDNIGHT OFFERINGS. And I must say she was very good as a bad icy witch Vivian. But the main problem with the film is: almost nothing happens! Vivian causes death and an accident, yes, but that's it. Then there is Robin, the good witch, who simply learns her powers. And we expect them to use their powers more than once, but only once they use it to make pieces of wood and other things fly into the air in projectiles. It was supposed to be a fight between two powerful witches? And even worse, I was hoping for a spectacular showdown between the witches at the end of the movie, with at least some special effects, fiery eyes or something else ... but nothing happens. There is a kind of confrontation at the end, but it's a big disappointment. <br /> <br /> So the two witches game was good. The score was decent (though too ambitious). And the cinematography was rather dark and sometimes gloomy. But that's not a good movie yet, is it?
