There is nothing particularly original in this story of corrupt unions on the one hand and the "chief prosecutor" on the other. Light and photography, naive but devoid of imagination, flow from the black fagged out cycle. The story could easily have come out of a Warner Brothers drawer with George Raft in the lead. The representations are routine, the direction flat and even the dressing of the decor. (An alley is represented by a single wall of simulated brick plaster, with a poster and the poster reads "Post No Bills.") We are introduced to the story and to certain characters by a prodigal narrator. who informs us that while most unions work hard and honestly to advance the causes of their members, some are corrupt. However, we do not know much about the unions and how they work, although I guess they played well after the success of "On the Waterfront" a few years ago. Here, they are just one piece to hang the story. The real leader is a struck off lawyer who manages three or four thugs. The prosecutor (or whoever he is) discovers, as Dana Andrews in "Boomerang", that the bad man (Dick Foran) is accused of murder and that he almost alone passes the rest of the film to unearth innocence evidence. He gets into fisticuffs and filming like any cheap private movie. <br /> <br /> Brian Keith is the D.A. He has shown an insinuating talent elsewhere, but here he spends most of his time talking softly and looking at the floor. Elisha Cook, Jr., is a nice rummy but can not get drunk. Beverley Garland is fine but is undermined by management, who leaves her speechless in a nightclub when she should be stealthy. The rest of the cast would be suitable for a television series. <br /> <br /> Writing does not help anyone. When a "girl B" is about to be sent by the union crowd to the Philippines, someone informs her that she has to learn only a few words of Spanish. "I only know one word," she says, "Yes, yes." Writers did not trust the public to know that "if" in Spanish means "yes". The plot is awkward and has holes. Keith visits a witness in his apartment in front of a nightclub. He enters the door and gets a pistol in the back by a yegg, but he foils the heavy one and knocks it out. Then someone is ordered to call the police. The rest of the scene, played long enough in the disco downstairs, forgets everything about the police and she never shows up, no one is waiting for her. <br /> <br /> There is nothing to be ashamed of, and some people could enjoy it, but there are similar things, better done, elsewhere.
