A group of hunters stalks a werewolf, kills him, decapitates him and resells his head to Dr. Atwill, an ethic (interpreted by director / writer Tim Sullivan), who runs a private clinic specializing in corneal transplantation. Research chemist Rich Stevens (Mark Sawyer), whose eyes were destroyed by the acid that fell to his face in a laboratory explosion, is the unfortunate recipient of the werewolf's eyeballs. It takes a while to get to the first full moon. So we begin with a tender love story between Rich and his compassionate and generous nurse, Sondra Gard (Stephanie Beaton). Sondra is so compassionate that she undresses and starts riding Rich in bed even before he has the chance to remove her bandages! After a month in the hospital, Rich comes home to his icy wife, Rita (Deborah Huber), who immediately tells her "You're very ugly" before running at full speed into her Kia. Our hero soon discovers that Rita is not just a bitch, but an adulterous skank who has an affair with her supposed friend Craig (Lyndon Johnson). Finally, the full moon rises and Rich finds himself in a difficult situation, as he turns into a (very stupid) werewolf creature. Predictable carnage ensues. <br /> <br /> After torn Craig's throat on a beach, Rich wakes up the next morning in the bush with his tattered clothes and vague memories of the events of the evening. He befriends Andros (Kurt Levi), expert in psychic / occult occultation, and is harassed by local author Siodmak (Jason Clark) and Justine Evers (Tarri Markel), police detective in trousers. When Rich confronts Dr. Atwill, the doctor sends his bald sadist, Kass (Eric Mestressat), who takes pleasure in demolishing the corpses with a machete at the clinic. With the help of Sondra, Rich manages to escape. Sondra takes him home and basically rapes her on the couch during a very long sex scene that lasts about five minutes. Will Rich be able to control his lycanthropy or find a cure before he makes other victims? <br /> <br /> Shot cheaply with a camcorder, this film made at home by a werewolf has a somewhat unique premise with the angle of transplantation of the eye, but trots cliché after cliché . The sets are sub porn level - the scenes of the clinic seem to have been filmed inside someone's house or apartment. The wolf transformation scenes are not even as successful as the interval photography used in the 1940s. Instead, they use an irregular edition. Throw some hair on the actor. Cut. Throw a little more on. Cut. No more fur ... and fill his mouth with white filth, he can spit out. Cut. No need to worry about continuity! There is no fade, no dissolution, nothing. It's pretty sloppy. Once completely transformed, the werewolf costume (designed by Jeff Leroy, who also edited and shot the film) is rather awful. He has shiny, red Christmas bulb eyes, a fur that looks like a soft carpet and a plastic face almost completely motionless. Many times, you can see the cameraman's fingers in front of the camera lens and the moon stay busy for five nights in a row? As for the actors, they are amateurs, but tolerable. And when it comes to B horror movies, there is worse. This one is pretty well paced, lasts only 70 minutes and provides a lot of red material during the attack scenes, as well as the aforementioned T & A of Mrs. Beaton. <br /> <br /> It was produced by David S Sterling (CAMP BLOOD), who was one of the first to ride the wave of digital video just as he was starting to dominate the genre scene. Horror at Low Budget / Independent in the Middle / Late 90s. Many of his notoriously terrible productions have been published by Brain Damage Films, a label to avoid as the plague for the most part. Jeff Leroy (who is co-director here at IMDb, but not in the film credits) and Vinnie Bilancio (who plays a small role in the role of the hunter) have made the film much more fun and refined. WEREWOLF operating film IN A PRISON OF WOMEN in 2006, which featured a similar creature (red and shiny eyes).
