This adaptation, like * The Heiress * of 1949, is based on the Henry James novel. * The Heiress *, with Olivia de Havilland, remains a respected work, though less faithful to James 'original story than this new remake, which retains James' original title. It is the story of a troublesome and loving girl (Leigh), devoted to her father (Finney) after the death of her mother during childbirth. The arrogant father has no esteem for his daughter and regards her, as well as all women, as simple-minded. When a young man (Chaplin) of good family and small fortune comes to court, the father is naturally suspicious, but feeling so convinced that his daughter could not interest any man, he is convinced that the young man is a hunter of fortune and forbids him to see him. Leigh is a controversial actress ?? most either like it or hate it? and she always has a particular point and tension in her style, as if she were acting with clenched teeth. She is not bad in there and she manages her role quite skillfully ?? it's a delicate role for any actress, which leads the audience to want to grab the character by the shoulders and shake it until it comes back to her. Although the character is very sympathetic, she is not particularly friendly. The very beautiful and immensely seductive Ben Chaplin (already seen in * The truth about cats and dogs *) plays his role with the exact amount of mystery necessary to let the public guess if he is looking for his fortune or s he is really in love with her. . Maggie Smith is one of the best living actresses and dramatically raises the level of the film with her portrait of the well-meaning aunt. Finney is wonderful, of course, as a father who threatens to disinherit his daughter for disobedience, but the girl is willing to risk that for the man she loves. But does his fiery suitor still want it without his fortune? This is just one example where * Washington Square * differs from * The Heiress *. Another example is the ability to stick to that. It's a beautiful film as tedious as a faucet that runs, offering too little history in a film too long.
