Edwin Porter's 1903 short film titled "The Great Train Robbery" burst on the screen with so much enthusiasm and ingenuity that one gets ready to be dazzled by another first film pioneer. Just like Melies' "Journey to the Moon", the critics hailed it as the film that introduced western genre into modern cinema. In my eyes, they were right. There was all the planning, the burglary of the train, the murder of an unwanted civilian and the imminent final scene that makes you realize that these villains are a real deal ?? everything was monumental for his time. From here in Eastwood, every Western filmmaker has used Porter's image in one form or another to create his own story. We can not say that this film did not open the door, but the fight comes from the story itself. The genre was defined by Porter, but apart from his initial enthusiasm ?? there is really nothing to fight. Maybe I'm jaded by the clichés of modern westerns and their random messages, but how can we be cliched before being shot? For me, "The big train flight" seemed forced, untraceable, and unsurprising. <br /> <br /> Unlike Melies, Porter tells a very linear story. Thieves change the train ride, steal it, then shoot random people, just to prove they're the real bad guys. The final scene ends like any predestined movie, without surprises or problems, and that threatens you proverbial face. It's bland. Porter's film is boring. In the edition I watched, there was an addition of color almost at the end to emphasize the emotion, which seemed cheap and did not encourage the filmmaker or the viewer. The problem remains that, even though it's important, Porter's film has been borrowed many times, it's actually diluted. The story itself does not carry the emotional power it once has. Unlike the beginning of the movie Melies, I can not look at that anymore. I know what happened, I know there is very little behind the scenes and that's what it's supposed to be ?? a simple story leading from point A to point B to point C. This issue is not only my reproach for this film, but also the strongest element to see in such an old movie. While it was dull, the fact that he tells a story so strong ?? that our characters were characters with motivations and motivations, was remarkable to see. At a time when documentary films seemed common, it broke the mold. Again, not that I take the prophetic train about this movie ?? it is an important film ?? it's just not a good movie. <br /> <br /> Overall, I was eager to dive into this film to see where the roots of the Western genre were rooted, but I was just as happy to leave this movie behind me. . Porter is a talented director and G.M. Anderson obviously had a lot of success in the created field, but I was not impressed by the film. I did not expect significant budget effects, as Melies does, nor a duplicate of "A trip to the moon", but I wanted to see the same creativity, the same exploration and the same originality. I felt that Porter was playing security, if that could be said with such an old movie, but I could not feel the excitement our villains were making. I was not looking for anyone, and the final conclusion proved that his kitsch disappeared a few minutes after the movie started. It was pioneering, but not monumental. "The great train flight" has lost its place in the time capsule of the cinema. <br /> <br /> Category: ** on *****
