Before commenting on this film I just watched on YouTube, I must admit that the reason I checked this was to rebroadcast something I had seen in television commercials for the first time in 1980: the cleavage of Barbara Bach. And since the film received the grade R, I expected to see her naked. Alas, no dice for her or for the beautiful actress who appeared here: Stacey Nelkin, who is supposed to be a teenager but who was actually 20 years old when she did that. Seeing her in a bra and panties and later in a belly dancer's outfit was as exciting as Ms. Bach's. They provide some of the laughter that this film provides. In fact, I do not blame Ron Leibman for removing his name from the credits, because his role as a Licensor in a tight fist is quite embarrassing even though I liked the scene of "seduction" he had with Mrs. Nelkin. This also happens for the beginnings of Ralph Macchio who is the only one among the marginalized sent to an academy school. The others are a black kid who really loves his mother-in-law and Ms. Bach, an Arab who worships motor oil and a politician son who loves his girlfriend Candy (Nelkin's character) so much that he runs the risk of sneak in the middle of the night. in the girls' academy. Among the supporting actors, Tom Poston plays a swishy character named Sisson that I found partly amusing. With the screenplay of Tom Patchett and Jay Tarses and the staging of Robert Downey Sr. (whose son Robert Downey Jr. is an early shaman in the world of football), Up the Academy is uneven with a politically incorrect humor, but unless offended by the scatological and sexual content, it is actually a rather innocuous comedy of which Mad Magazine and Alfred E. Newman, the camouflage of the trademark, should not be ashamed, even if they have already lost their name and their character. .PS Harry Teinowitz, who was born in my hometown of Chicago, Illinois, was another "misfit". He was playing Rodney Ververgaert. He also says one of my favorite lines: "I'm trying to come."
