There is no reason to take this documentary seriously and it has four: <br /> <br /> 1) The people who made this documentary (including the director and the producer) are Serbian or original Serbian; Neutrality criteria fail. For example, they mentioned that Croats in the diaspora (the so-called "Ustase") played an important role in the fall of Yugoslavia, but did not mention that there were also equal Serb organizations ( Cetniks)! For you who are not familiar with the history of the Balkans in the Second World War: The so-called Serbian "Cetniks" described in the documentary as so kind that they helped the British paratroopers during the war. Well, that's only half the truth. It was also a fascist group (monarch) that had collaborated with the Germans, but then changed sides when Hitler began to lose the war. It is also ironic not to mention the leader of Cetnik, Mihajlovic, in the documentary, a man responsible for the deaths of thousands of people and the burning of hundreds of villages throughout Bosnia and Croatia. But they mentioned a certain Ante Pavelic ... Hm ... Permit me to be a little suspicious. <br /> <br /> 2) Most of the interviewees are completely unknown to me. And I studied this war for a long time (who is the old British lady !!! She did not really do her homework!) And they are not even introduced by name, so they could be more or less n ' anyone, maybe someone they took off the street. Who knows. <br /> <br /> 3) In the documentary, they talk about Kosovo and how the Serbs have lived in this place for ages. The document should therefore belong to Serbia (even if they are in the minority). Well, when they mention the Serb-dominated part of Croatia (the Krajina), Serbs are suddenly described as having the right to live there because it's been their home for so long. Well, but what people do not know is that the largest city in the Krajina (Knin) is of great historical significance to the Croatian people. This is where one of the most famous kings in Croatian history (Zvonimir) was crowned. The city therefore has historical value for Croatia. The Serbs arrived almost 800 years later! But no, the Serbs should have Krajina and Kosovo according to the documentary. Is it right? For me, this sounds like double standards on the part of the director. In addition, the documentary says that the Croatian constitution contained no law on minority rights. It is a lie, because it was one of the first laws implemented BECAUSE Croatia had a huge Serbian minority. <Br/> <br /> 4) The film mentions a radical leader of Croatian paramilitaries called Glavas. Or the radical Oric Muslim. They accused them of being one of the main reasons for the negative development of the war. Yes, they were radicals, but if you want to talk about radicals, why not also mention the radical paramilitary leaders of Serbia such as Seselj and Arkan? The flaws are so numerous that I have just introduced a few, so that people can get a glimpse of the documentary. It seems that the authors of the documentary were not well prepared and did not have the courage to criticize the Serbs because they feared that their Serbian relatives would slap them or something like that. There are not many quality documentaries, but the best so far is "The death of Yugoslavia" where all the important actors of the war are interviewed (for example, Milosevic, Jovic, Bulatovic, Tudman, Izetbegovic , Karadzic etc.) and where you get a 5-hour explanation of the fall of Yugoslavia and the war. <br /> <br /> Another thing. I saw a commentary on this documentary in which the person was frustrated by the reason why the United States supported a country (Bosnia) that had ties to bin Laden during the war. Well, first of all, all the countries involved in this conflict had a nationalist president and because the Bosnian Muslims did not have an old ethnic identity (they were previously called "Muslim Croats"), they had to rely on other something that nationality for the spirit among the people, and it is by linking them to the only thing they had in common: their religion. And they took the help of the Mujahideen because no one else would support them. They had to fight the 4th largest army in Europe! They needed all the help they could. Nationalism is the best way to unite a people during the war. History has shown us.
