It's easily the worst Presley vehicle of all time, which would bring us closer to the worst movie of all time. It's noticeably worse than even the revolting song "Happy Ending" at the end of "It's happening at the World Fair", and I was thinking of when Elvis would buy all of the seller's balloons for his daughter and then the balloon seller. would receive Jiggy to the fanfare was the embodiment of the bad cinema and could not be overcome. I usually enjoy Elvis's random film, if for no other reason than the memories of a time when we were innocent enough to stay that way. This one, however, should be called "Live a little, wish to be dead", and make "Stay Away Joe" look like Olivier playing Othello. <br /> <br /> Here, Elvis plays Greg, who is essentially a hippie freelance photographer, with the exception of the Establishment haircut. After a fun morning of reckless driving, he goes to the beach where he is abducted by a woman whose name changes according to the scene and who speaks to him. Clearly, Michele Carey was selected for her resemblance to Elizabeth Taylor and her ability to imitate her (if I looked at this without my glasses, I would have thought it was the late 1960s, Liz playing the female lead ). She catches her dog on Elvis until he throws himself into the water and catches a convenient film pneumonia, then keeps him doped to unconsciousness in his beach mat so long that he loses his job and his apartment, so that she goes home before he wakes up without even telling him (the public does not know either, until Elvis tries to return to work and his boss the bat without reason except that he deserves it for making this film and tries to return home and finds hateful woman in a house living in his house). <br /> <br /> Rather than having her arrested for kidnapping, larceny and assault, he goes out and gets two jobs to pay back the rent that Miss Crazy Pants had to re-enter by stealing all her belongings. Job One works for Don Porter in a Playboy magazine, Job Two works upstairs for Rudy Vallee in a posh fashion magazine. I think the two-part brewing is supposed to be a comedy, a pity it's not the least funny, unless you laugh laughing the hundredth time you see someone coming up and down the stairs in a hurry on silly music. The main obstacle that prevents Greg from fearing for his kidnapper is his other love interest, the highly incoherent Dick Sargent (let's face it, either Porter or Vallee, even considering their advanced age in 1968, would have made much more credible competitors to Miss Crazy's affections). <br /> <br /> There are a variety of uninteresting and not funny twists, I was always waiting for something, anything that could happen that would make sense of it all. It never did. The entertainment is about three minutes long and includes Elvis's rendition of "A Little Less Talk" (which I can listen to on a CD without the painful film I've been given) and a five-minute funny Elvis falling on the couch and Crazy Pants apparently disassembled it, so that it falls apart when it lands on it. That's it, guys, broken furniture, the only laugh about this movie. No amount of clothing, music or sixties decor can save this stinky paradise and should be avoided at all costs. Seeing this may create an unnatural desire of the public for the intentional infliction of serious bodily harm.
