When I was seventeen, I really believed that Elvis was the king of rock and roll, and not only did I want to see his 31 films as "characters," but I also wanted to own them. What an exceptionally mediocre excuse for a seventeen year old I had to be. Fortunately, the meaning has prevailed and Live A Little, Love A Little is the only Elvis movie I own. <br /> <br /> Attention has recently turned to this movie since a remixed version of the flagship song A Little Less Conversation has been released as Single or Individual. (His first to be in the top 10 British in 22 years? His first British No. 1 out of 25) Even when I was seventeen and I was in urgent need of psychiatric help, I realized that the songs in this movie were not exactly top quality. However, A Little Less Conversation - 60s rollnecks and grooves - is a real success. Finding a lesser-known song that only a small number of them know is promoted in the mainstream, produces a mix of emotions. It's good to finally see faith in a confirmed song, but it's also sad to see the disintegration of your own private cult. (And what chauvinistic lyrics too.) Although the other Elvis song contains the word "procrastinate"? <br /> <br /> But what really bothers me in this movie is not A Little Less Conversation but the 84 minutes that surround it. In fact, based on a novel (Kiss My Firm And Pliant Lips - what kind of lame novel is it?), This one sees a bored Elvis hiding with a dog "comic" and a nympho. In the 90 seconds after her meeting, Michele Carey asks "Would you like to make love to me?" I am sure you will agree with me. <br /> <br /> I seem to remember that some of Elvis' early films - notably Jailhouse Rock and King Creole - were not that bad, but this is just identikit hillbilly shoemakers. Getting fired from a newspaper can lead to a five-minute karate brawl with a couple of gingernuts, causing a pile on the highway that is good for laughter, and models dress up like pink mermaids. There is even a sequence of dreams for God's sake. Maybe the only stupid stereotype he does not comply with is not having so many songs. With only four choices, including the number of credits, you expect an average of 22 minutes between the tracks. Some movies would become tasteless by having too many melodies, but here they might have helped to ease the pain. Of the remaining three titles, The Edge of Reality is not that bad, although the Elvis dance must surely be called "The Bear Trap". <br /> <br /> In a sense, for a 1968 PG film certificate then it's extremely high on sexual content. Unfortunately, however, with the talking dogs, the values ​​of the Central American sitcom and the stiffest dance you can see, Elvis's dignity is obliterated by this film.
