The day has finally come for me to witness the perpetuation of Azumi's fate as an assassin, the realization of his character and the ultimate attempt to plunge me deeper into the world that she has ruthlessly sacked. during the first saga. <br /> <br /> It's also poetic that I will become when I talk about Azumi 2: Death or Love, because I would have cracked the strong sentimentality of House of Flying Daggers and complained about the credibility of Aya Ueto in the portrait of a blood-hunted assassin, after watching Azumi 2 I began to appreciate the aforementioned gaps more than ever before. <br /> <br /> Not only does the determination of each assassin seem slow and uninspiring, but many important elements are left out of the experience. In Azumi 1, we have seen assassins use various stealth tactics (which are their number one priority) as well as logic to make their brands work easier with faster executions and faster escape capabilities. But I'm not going to object too much to this film because the story is slightly changed this time and many other obstacles are planted in the path of Azumi to prevent it from reaching the warlord and to show signs of charisma. By the way, Chiaki is foolishly out of the way for most of the movie and essentially plays a toned down version of Go Go, without the cold weapon and sense of threat. <br /> <br /> That brings me to the final. shot that is the action, simply disguised in the title as the "side of death" of the epic. In the first half of the film, we see the beginnings of many promising opponents with a flashy look and even brighter weapons. Unsurprisingly, they come up against their goal, but the film fails when everyone starts to die too fast and too easily. In Azumi 1, the young assassins generally dominated the opposition with fast but somewhat satisfying fighting. The final clash between Azumi and Bijomaru over the Azumi 2 fights was at least climactic and worth it. Some interesting effects were introduced, but they were unable to achieve innovations because of the brevity of each encounter. I do not overturn in any way the classical style of samurai movies with their fast and realistic battles, but the characters in Azumi's two films were so imaginative and straight out of the anime that the rules might have been broken and the action should have been enriched. The romantic side of Azumi is there to fill the time that has passed between the scenes of fight and, unfortunately, in the end, it does not serve anything and does not provide a much necessary resolution. <br /> <br /> As a fan with an open mind for a wide variety of films and animations, I'm not going to lie and I'm going to admit my neutrality and my lack of self-image from the first Azumi movie, but I'll say right away that after watching Azumi 2, the original was made to look like a flawless masterpiece. For what it's worth, Azumi 2: Death or Love could have gone straight to the video, with its richer invisible budget and its failed potential to add or even expand the bumpy journey of desperate assassins, doing their best to restore peace, with unwavering courage to die while trying.
