I thought the movie (especially the plot) needed a lot of work. The elements of the film remain Westernized and distort the attempt to try to produce an oriental sensation in the film. I will mention three of the film's many flaws: <br /> <br /> First, when Shen told Wendy that he would help her study China's history, I was really happy that the public receives information about Chinese history; but it turns out that the film did not show that Wendy was really studying the history of China; but instead, the film only shows Wendy that she is practicing the method of memorizing what she had studied, which frustrated and shocked me. <br /> <br /> Secondly, what really bothered me was how the characters are constantly talking about moon cakes. - Moon cakes this and Moon cakes this and how good it tastes. Yet they did not really talk about it. The only one they talked about and which is related to the moon cake is the autumn festival, which they did not explain or deepen. They could have mentioned the myth that is correlated with the moon cake - the Moon Lady. The myth begins with the fact that there were once ten suns and that each turned higher and higher, but one day all ten suns rose, drying up the earth with the increase of heat; thus the divine archer, Hou Yi, has fired nine of the ten suns, leaving only one sun (there are different versions where the Hou Yi pulled the eight suns out of nine). Because of his heroic contribution, he received the pill of immortality so he could live forever in case the ten suns would rise again, but his wife, Chang-O, stole it. After stealing her, she fled to the moon, where she encountered a hare. She then had an idea and told the hare to pound the pill in several pieces so that she could spread the pill all over the earth, giving everyone immortality. (There are some variations of this story but throughout my childhood, most of the time, I heard about this version). I thought that details like this would make the plot more oriented to Chinese culture. <br /> <br /> The last thing I would like to point out is the last battle scene of the movie. The teachers possessed by the monks fighting the terracotta warriors (the realistic statues of the soldiers) went against the importance of Chinese history for the Chinese. The terracotta warriors serve as a link between China's past and it was very Westernized (where evil must be killed in any way possible) that movie monks wanted to destroy that connection. It would be understandable that Wendy, considering that she is Sino-American and does not have all the knowledge of China, would have no problem in destroying these priceless artifacts. <br /> <br /> The whole film was westernized because it seemed like all the monks and Shen wants to fight ... I mean, he's classified TVPG because of the violence, which goes to the against Confucius who thinks about cooperation and harmony. It seems more accurate that monks try to avoid violence and peacefully resolve their problems before relying on violence. <br /> <br /> All in all, the producer, the writer or the director did not do their research thoroughly and did a messy and effortless job instead. I would suggest either stopping broadcasting this film or re-filming it so that it contains more accurate information; however, I would give him the merit (2 stars) of having removed a stereotype of Asians and Americans of Asian descent, namely that he was intelligent and silent.
