I realize that living in the western plains of Wyoming in the 1900s was brutal. In fact, it's probably still brutal today, but was it monumental enough to turn into a seemingly "made-for-TV" movie? In addition, women's rights were still born in this country during this period. It was therefore important to find an independent woman determined to start from scratch in this difficult territory and still show the realism of the time. would that make a good visualization? Honestly, I do not know. I've been thinking about this movie for two days and I still can not muster the strength to say it's a horrible film, but I can really tell you that it's not the best I've ever seen. From several melodic playing styles, with two incompatible actors playing an unemotional character, to some of PG's most horrific scenes ever released from the movies of the late '70s, Heartland is hard to grasp. Was it good? Was it bad? It may be up to you to see and decide for yourself, but until then, here are some moments that I enjoyed and despaired of! <br /> <br /> This film continues to be a struggle in my mind because there were some very interesting scenes. Scenes where I did not really know what the director was doing or where he was heading, but still seemed to work well as a whole. I thought that the story as a whole was a very interesting historical tale. I do not know much about life in Wyoming, especially in the early 1900s. This film captured that image in my mind. The thought of very cold winters, no neighbors to miles, and this polaroid-esquire view spared American companies. It was refreshing to witness and breathtaking to experiment (even on TV). There were scenes that really held me in mind, such as the cattle tagging scene, the pig slaughter scene, and the grieving family leader who did not survive their trip, who brought a true realism to this story. Director Richard Pearce did a great job bringing viewers to Wyoming, but I'm not sure he brought quality players to accompany the view. <br /> <br /> Although I constantly compliment the landscape of this film, I struggled to understand the actors who apparently walked on the set and read their lines on cards on the side. Rip Torn seemed out of place in his role as Clyde Stewart, a loner who finds somehow a connection with Elinore Randall of Conchata Ferrell. Both as actors have no chemistry at all. Their scenes they share together are useless and honestly empty of all emotion. The pregnancy scene had almost blurred me because of the way these two "veteran" actors described it. The brave Elinore does what she has to do to get the child out of her, while Clyde approves when she's done. It's love? Was it supposed to be love? I do not know, I think that with stronger characters, we would have seen a stronger bond, but with Torn and Ferrell, it looked like two actors just playing their roles. Other scenes that just seemed to struggle in my mind were those of the frozen horse knocking on the door for food or shelter, the darker and growing compassion that Clyde had for Elinore's daughter. (I just did not believe it), the lack of real winter struggle and the whole earthly scene. The Earth scene especially because I needed more explanation about what Elinore was doing, why she was doing it and why Clyde would build her a house if they were married! It was these simple events that, if they took the time to explore, could have created a stronger film. <br /> <br /> Overall, I will choose this option in the middle of the road. There were certainly elements that should have been explored more deeply, such as the relationship between these two strangers and Elinore's ultimate goals in homesteading, but they were countered by beautiful scenes of our country. These scenic scenes that, in the space of 100 years, change vast mountains into enormous skyscrapers. Although there were brilliant scenes of realism (featuring cattle and pigs), I felt as if we needed more. Depth was a key element that was missing in this film, which was overshadowed by a marginal acting game and a dwindling story. Pearce could have dive deeper into this untapped world, but instead leave loopholes and cliches of Western characters. Ferrell was wearing hers, but Torn was completely wrong. Decent for a visit, but will not be taken back by me. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** on *****
