Joseph L. Mankiewicz's Sleuth does not need a remake. It's a very well done movie that resists well today. However, since the modern day machine is in full swing; I really can not say that I am surprised to see the movie updated for the modern audience. The plot remains the same as the original movie and we have in the heart the story of a young man, Milo Tindle, who goes to see an older man, Andrew Wyke, to discuss a divorce while the young man an affair with the old man's wife. From there, a game of cat and mouse follows. It's clear from the start that director Kenneth Branagh wanted to add a different twist to this movie, thanks to its central location, which went from the charming country house adorned with original games to a technical marvel with layers of safety equipment. I am happy that the director chose this change because nobody wants to see a remake directly reproducing copies of the original. In addition, the location is well used and always pleasant to watch. Unfortunately, the positive elements of Sleuth 2007 end there. <br /> <br /> The original film lasted more than two hours, while this remake is only a shadow of more than eighty minutes. Naturally, this means that this version has less; and unfortunately it is the characters who suffer. The plot is also rushed and we enter the first turning point in the story far too quickly and before we have a chance to really understand why and how these events can unfold. The film does not build the characters, or the relationships between them, enough for their relationship to make sense. One major thing that has changed about the old character is his obsession; in the original, he was obsessed with games that proved VERY important once the twists in play. Here, he has a sort of security fetish that really does not mean anything at the end. The treatment of the film by Kenneth Branagh allows to obtain an elegant score, but the course ends there. The original has benefited, but this film only likes to spoil with oaths on many occasions, and most of the time unjustified. which devalues ​​the whole thing. The last twist of the story is completely different from that of the original and guarantees that the film comes down to a really ugly conclusion. After spending two hours with the original, I understood, respected and appreciated the two characters presented in the film. After eighty minutes, I hated them both. I have a certain respect for Branagh not just to produce a true copy of the original film; but it's not a good adaptation of Anthony Shaffer's great game.
