It's been almost ten years since I've seen any of the last two "Phantasm" suites - probably because I still remember very well that they were not very good. That being recognized to this day, I'm still a big fan of the first two installments, so I thought about going back and reliving the "last chapters". The third part is without a doubt the worst of the series because it is obviously less serious and introduces a lot of confusing things that do not make much sense ... Once again, starting where the previous movie was left, Reggie saves Mike from the big man who promises to come back for him later, but things are not sure long when they meet Jody who is inexplicably able to take the shape of a sphere. Apparently, his man is being held prisoner by the Tall Man. Mike is then dragged into the sinister Netherworld with two branches and Reg must find him ... Along the way, he meets a ten-year-old boy and a non-chuck. handling the black chick named Rocky who assists him throughout his career. <br /> <br /> "Phantasm III" does not really have anything memorable, except for its stupidity and its "humorous" force. The only positive aspect that did not even help the film: the return of A. Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury, who take up their roles for the first time since the 1978 classic. The problem is that they make Pretty camouflaged appearances ... Reggie Banister is of course back in his main role, but his chaotic and amorous attitude makes his presence far too embarrassing to please. Angus Scrimm did not seem entirely "in" his role either. He speaks too much here and he is not nearly as threatening and frightening as he contrasts with the "weird side" that the film seemed to have been carelessly using. The opinion of most people about this film seems pretty impassive and tends to think "it's still fun". Maybe I'm just too caught off guard, but I could not get into this one. I remember not having loved it when I was a child and after watching it again - I can safely say it - nothing has changed. Don Coscarelli rocked the scene with his legendary, nightmarish, low-budget film "Phantasm", which I still class as my favorite horror movie. (stupid title) just looked too hurried and slapped me together ... The inclusion of the two new characters, Tim and Rocky (it only missed Scrappy Doo !!), was a strong sign that Coscarelli was at short of ideas and see how far he could mount the franchise ... <br /> <br /> So, this is a movie "Phantasm" with very little gore, nudity and guns with four guns. Do I need to say more?
