Wow, the plot for this movie is everywhere! There is so much intrigue and so many things that make my head spin! And, as a result, none of this seemed particularly credible. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Kay Francis, a housewife living in a small town. She has experience with local theater and has the ambition to go to Broadway. When a great actor arrives in town, she pursues him in the hope of being able to give him a career boost. But her husband is worried about the shenanigans - this actor is a jerk. So, the husband comes in and hits the actor - and the actor dies! As a result, he is convicted of first degree murder !!! Not manslaughter, but murder! Now pregnant and in need of funds, Kay travels to New York. But the jobs on Broadway can not be found, so she has to take any work, even Burlesque. Unable to take proper care of her young daughter, she confides him to another woman. However, she ends up finding a job in a real Broadway play and everything looks rosy. But the jealous diva playing in the room hates her for an inexplicable reason and forces her to throw her out of the room. Discouraged, she goes to England and becomes a real star. Years later, she returns to New York to pick up her child - but the child is older and thinks that the woman who cares for her is his real mother. At the same time, her husband's lawyer now thinks that if he gets $ 10,000, he can take the man out of jail. As another critic wrote, is it about bribing people ?! How can $ 10,000 get it out differently? Maybe he will buy a helicopter so that they can go to the prison yard and bring it back !! Wow, that's enough for 2 or 3 movies! And all this happens at the mark of 45 minutes! Believe it or not, there is more than that. If you really care about it, see for yourself how it will all work out. <br /> <br /> It's a bit like writing a "kitchen sink": throw away practically everything and hope everything will work. Unfortunately, the film proves desperately incredible and bulky despite Mrs. Francis's best efforts. This is the kind of movie that no one could really have saved thanks to a second-rate scenario. It's almost as if someone had taken a few dozen items from the plot, threw them into a box, and then started randomly choosing them to make a movie! All in all, unless you're a fan of Kay Francis or love everything Hollywood made in the 1930s, you can easily skip it. Not terrible but certainly not good. <br /> <br /> By the way, the child playing Francis's daughter on his return to New York (Sybil Jason) was really terrible. I think she was supposed to be ... I think.
