When a man who does not have Alzheimer's no longer remembers the number of films he has shot, he is probably the most prolific director in the world after all. This man is Jesus Franco, the king of the so-called "eurotrash". His 1980 film Devil Hunter is as rushed, opaque, stupid, lazy and exploitive in the truest sense (the title of the film is misleading, to begin with) as any other Francoist film I've seen. That gives a pretty horrible sound, and that's ... Yet Franco has an inimitable sensitivity, a generous way with scandalous grief, nudity and bullying and violence, and even with its stupid and cheap montage who is trying to pave the way the extreme haste with which all his films have been made. The mixture of all these elements makes you project his films, even if you expect them to finish because they are so tedious. <br /> <br /> Devil Hunter is almost incomprehensible for the first time half an hour. The abduction by strangers of a white woman who seems to be a model or a movie star is embedded in an indigenous strip of action in South America. There is a lot of naked jumps, dances and countless zooms on an ugly totem. You have to get used to repetitive zooms and reduction technique on the same page three times in a row, because this is the main method used by Franco to extend a movie to the maximum. <br /> <The monster that looks like the totem is actually pretty scary. His eyes are raw, and his presence is always indicated on the soundtrack by a cacophonous moan, apparently recorded in an echo chamber. At the beginning of the play, he chews a native woman tied to a tree and it's hard to know what's going on here, but I think he ate his belly (or his genitals, my sweet Jesus!). <br /> <br />, the adventure begins neatly when a studious dude and his panicked veterinary friend in Vietnam are sent to the island to recover the white girl of the kidnappers. The fluffy guy has an accent that, as he has been nicknamed, is half American from Brooklyn, English to half the liver and totally backward. All the dialogue and dubbing is ridiculous and laughable, which makes it another layer of the movie that can somehow hold your interest. <br /> <br /> It does not happen much from now on, and it happens rather slowly, studded with the little outrage like a rape. The nebulous action is fleshed out (haha!) By acres of 360-degree nudity of the natives and two women chiefs, and even of the monster itself. The fact that he walks around with his exposed penis makes him an unattractive struggle for the beefy hero, but that must be done at some point, and it is good to note that the director will show the genitals of whoever this either to the camera. <br /> <br /> The best feature of Devil Hunter is filming. Franco can be extremely cheap with the structural and narrative aspects of making a film, but he does not have fun with the sets. You get real islands, jungles, helicopters and mountains, all in big screen. It's something really nice to live in these days of miserable and narcotic CGI sets and decorations. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, the recommendation problems of this film seem pointless. If you try to see all the Nasties video, you will have to look at it at some point, and you will be made as agitated as I was. If you like Franco, you will look at it anyway. If you are not in any of the categories above, it is unlikely that you will encounter this movie. The copies do not hang around, and I can not recommend looking for them. It's Franco. Lazy, crazy Franco.
