I do not know what it's like with these Brady kids. First, Barry Williams publicly boasts of being sexy with his television sister, Maureen McCormick, and then going out with his mother on TV, Florence Hederson. Then Susan (Cindy) Olsen makes music for a bunch of porn movies. Then Mike (Bobby) Lookinland puts himself at risk for impaired driving. Finally, Maureen (Marcia) McCormick and Eve (Jan) Plum may have had a little adventure of the same sex. Now Christopher (Peter) Knight is pursued by a beautiful young model in her early twenties during her stint at "The Surreal Life", which at first was fun to watch. They are now married and live in a very volatile and hostile relationship. . The last episode, where she posed for a series of nude photos with another girl naked for an album to give to Christopher for his birthday, was not a good thing on his part. And he took care of it with a lot of maturity, he just regained his mind and went to clear his head. I think he has always yielded to all his needs and now he finally takes a stand. And I hate to say it, but I think she verbally abuses it. The way she was torturing him for an engagement ring and the way she delighted him for every little thing. In addition, she talks openly about her encounters with other women, and it is clear that she always sleeps with him, men and women, which every self-respecting human being should not do when he is already married to someone. 'a. If it was a man who was talking to his wife and going out every night to party and having sex with other people, everyone would rally behind her to leave. Why should it be different? What began as a nice little crush on another reality show turned into a huge disaster. Adrianne, as beautiful as she is, looks like another Britney Spears and Lindsay Lohan, who clearly need therapy, because she cries like a baby for so much nonsense. I'm sorry for her, but Chris has to get rid of her because he's a good man who can not afford to be humiliated in this way.
