When a movie has no less than FIVE different titles, it usually means several things and almost always means that the film has some major flaws somewhere. Necromancy has major flaws and is just bad. I saw the video version titled Disciples of Rosemary. Yes, I'm sure it differs from the other versions, but I'm not inclined to think that it's another version and the extra minutes it might have - it's going to be a lot better. The story is perhaps the biggest problem: the film begins with the awakening of Laurie and her husband who takes him to a city where he has just found a new job in a toy factory for occultists (yes, it is is bad now!). The town is called Lillith and there is a guy with a rifle on the bridge to make sure only those selected by the "owner" of the city are allowed to enter. Soon, we find that all Lillith residents are wizards and follow all the instructions of Mr. Cato - the leader of this municipal coven who wants to recover his dead son (hence the name of necromancy). The inhabitants of the city organize ceremonies, some resembling a goat's head, and promiscuity abounds (nothing really shown in this area), but none of these people is a very good actor. Mr. Cato is played forcefully by Orson Welles, the film's non-conformist, more figurative and literally larger than life. Welles is misused, but make no mistake, it's the best thing in this movie. And it's really the saddest part of Necromancy, because Welles gives a pretty poor performance and pedestrian with little direction. In one of the scenes of an evening, director Bert I Gordon keeps coming back to Welles to watch the action of the party using exactly the same frames! It was ridiculous. As did the scene that was seen over and over again from a woman's arm centered in the swirling flames after a car accident. It looked like the arm of a store dummy. The story is never fully used because you never really know what happens: many scenes are shot like dreams or hallucinations and are never confirmed. This also applies to the nerdy and hokey end. Chef Pamela Franklin is flirtatious and pretty and talented. In addition to his performance, real thin picking among the rest of the cast without Welles. The direction and history were both done by Gordon, who obviously had little gas in the engine. This is by no means a good movie under any name.
