To begin with, for the record, the term "Necromancy" describes the dark magic art of bringing the dead back to life. It is in no way sexual intercourse with corpses. It's called necrophilia, and yes, I know it's an obvious difference, but I'm already getting a lot of feedback from people and parents who tell me that I have a perverse taste in movies. ! This film is just the opposite of perverse or sordid, in fact, and simply qualifies as boring, inept and terribly bad. "Necromancy" makes at least one of the top five ranks, namely in the list of the most inconsistent films ever made! Now, director Bert I. Gordon is not well known for his masterpieces (his repertoire contains such titles as "Earth vs. the Spider", "King Dinosaur" and "Food of the Gods"), but he really outdid himself Totally foolish, redundant and totally absurd tale about witchcraft and the little secret cities. Shortly after the tragic experience of seeing their baby dying, Lori and her husband Frank settle in the quiet little town of Lillith, where Frank is suddenly offered a prominent job in a toy factory. Lori is suspicious and feels an atmosphere of morbidity, especially with the patriarch of the city and his "owner", Mr. Cato, who behaves very intrusively and mysteriously. This is another thing. How can anyone "own" a city and everyone? Anyway, Lori gradually discovers that everyone at Lillith is a witch and Cato exclusively lured her to the city because of her supernatural ability to resurrect the dead. For many years now, Cato has been trying to bring his dead son back to life and he is ready to make all the human sacrifices it takes. Honestly, I do not see the point of the whole movie. This is a flagrant scam of "Rosemary's Baby" ?? is one of the alternative titles even "Disciples of Rosemary" ?? but the scenario is confused and foolish. Why is no one allowed to have children as long as Cato's son stays dead? It's really selfish! When, where, and how did Lori suddenly learn to resurrect the dead? "Necromancy" certainly contains some truly strange and atmospheric moments, but these are involuntarily accomplished either by coincidence or by total lack of budget. The grainy photography gives the film a strange atmosphere and the decorations seem quite inexpensive to be scary. The performance of Orson Welles ?? probably the low point of his career ?? is pitiful, and it's still the best part of the whole movie.
