Gordon's only previous film I saw was the children's adventure THE MAGIC SWORD (1962), although I followed him shortly afterwards with EMPIRE OF THE ANTS (1977); However, he seems to be best remembered for his science-fiction work of the 1950s. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I came across this one in a rental store I had not noticed the single Orson Welles figure on the sleeve, I probably would not have bothered him - since I know the film under its original title, NECROMANCY! I had seen an image of an old tome of horror of my father: the presence of the actor in a film about the diabolism seemed to be an excellent idea not to be missed, but the end result - especially in this edition bastard - is a disaster! Honestly, I felt sorry for Welles who looks bored and, rather than his grave and dominant voice, he murmurs the evil demonic invocations almost in a low voice! <br /> <br /> The plot is, basically, another retreading of ROSEMARY'S BABY (1968): a couple is invited to a remote community under false pretenses and is soon discovered surrounded by diabolists. The girl, played by Pamela Franklin, apparently has supernatural powers (transmitted by her mother, who appears intermittently to prevent it, even if, delivered with intense teeth, the speeches of the latter end up being largely incoherent and the source immense hilarity every time it appears!) and should revive the dead young son of Welles from the dead !! For what it's worth, Franklin - a regular of the genre, straight from his first performance in THE INNOCENTS (1961) - is not so bad in his role (which requires nudity and experience of several hallucinations semi-disturbing during the film). ; Our husband Michael Ontkean, however, is not up to his character, similar to John Cassavetes. Some of the other girls also look good, including Lee Purcell, whose late decision to help Franklin escape the city ends up making him lose his mind. <br /> <br /> The event comes to a climax in an incredibly confused paroxysm, which sees Satanists eventually light up Franklin and ask him to take the place of the resurrected boy in the coffin (this is gratitude for you!). Although the added scenes are well visible (the hilarious opening ceremony and other potential erotic embellishments), the overall quality of the film would have always been mediocre without them; here again, this particular version is still submerged by the glued electronic score - which is totally inappropriate, and corny to the extreme!
