As a teenager, I was passionate about the Bigfoot problem: I read the books and followed the reported observations. As a more jaded adult, I have largely abandoned the big guy now, but I do not mind watching a movie when I find one. This one had some highlights - mainly the reenactments of two of the most famous Bigfoot encounters - the incidents of Ape Canyon in 1924 and Bauman of about 1850, narrated by and by Teddy Roosevelt. I know a little this young reading that I made. The film assumes that both incidents involved a sasquatch, while both incidents have more plausible explanations, but the breaks were well done. There is also a tribute made at the beginning of the film to the famous video of Patterson, again taking for granted its authenticity. The encounter with the sasquatch at the end of the film was also very successful and gave him a very frightening sensation, as the sasquatch was described mainly in the shadows or under the furry feet that passed in front of the terrified men. Unfortunately, in total, these four things could have been about 20 minutes, while the film as a whole lasts a little over an hour and a half. <br /> <br /> This is the fictional story (made in a documentary style) of a film expedition to a remote area of ​​northern British Columbia, to the alleged home range of the sasquatch. A computer had targeted this area on the basis of observations and - in one of the most amusing scenes in the film - he also used "eyewitness observations" to draw a sasquatch that looked like the "creature" of the Patterson video! Aside from the 20 minutes that I mentioned, we basically watch this expedition trip, which means we can watch a group of guys go camping. I went camping with the guys. Let me tell you they have never been worthy of a movie. Some pretty snapshots of wild animals are scattered in boredom (although it is suspected that canned images have been used, or perhaps even captive animals interpreting wild animals) and spectacular landscape shots, except that the landscape is not north of Britain. Columbia, it comes from Oregon's national parks. <br /> <br /> I really appreciated that we were never given a real picture of sasquatch, so we did not have to deal with the bad makeup that would have been part of this. 3/10
