COULD CONTAIN SPOILERS ..... I am surprised by the high rating of this movie to be honest..I am really. All I've seen is a propaganda film that goes slowly and has nothing to say. (Note: you need to check out Peloton's rank here.) This movie was so black and white ... that Americans are good ... anyone who is mean or useless. I guess the British troops there were supposed to be SAS (one of the most elitist units in the world, most of them in agreement with everyone else's), they lost 3 men and the rest were So even elite combat soldiers held the ground and opened a tin can on them, sneaky Iraqis. Aye stalemate on the chains in mind. The only good thing I have to say about this movie really came in that direction when the sniper took the man out of the SAS ... sniper shot from far away, good sound used ... really well done this bit but the rest ... Spare me what I have 10 years here ?? !! Well, I'm not and I can not see the nonsensical propaganda in a film and this film was. <br /> <br /> SPOILER ... Oh yes, and all in all, the crazy and wild guy can not stay home his wife and young child..not he has to register for another year to fight in an absurd lie of a war !! Why ... because young men need thrills or something apparently. As for example, I am surprised by the high rating of this film. <br /> <br /> PS I do not hate America, I hate the message of this movie that does not even seem to want to face an illegal war (to me), which is pretty decent, because it There are clearly people who think it's a fair war. for any reason messed up (I meant something else but censored) but hey, it's up to them to decide. But to produce a movie as one-sided as it is black and white ... good against evil is lazy and treat me like a child. In times of war, there is a lot of gray and there are two sides (sometimes more) who believe in what they are fighting for. No Star Wars with something on the dark side to the treats. In Hollywood, we sometimes take people for cups ... and again 7.8 ... maybe you're right, but I will not buy it. I'm glad I downloaded this movie to tell you all this for nothing. ;)
