In the manner of Ayn Rand, Bigelow is the great macho muy in the film that depicts in the film some American men stuck in Iraq who were defusing roadside bombs set up by ruthless, relentless and murderous Arab terrorists . As Bigelow launches the war in Iraq as the backdrop to the big stage of the human drama, a veteran bomb expert blows himself up and another comes in to replace him in the dusty, hot rubble of Iraq, and a new hero is born. <br /> <br /> The new guy is what John Hershey described in his book, and later in The Lover Lover, as a sadistic chestnut that is unworthy of civilian life and requires the stimulation of the war. sublimate and suppress his wandering sexual desires. The war lover can only function fully in war, the time of peace suffocates him. While Hershey reprimanded the man of war (played in the film by Steve McQueen in one of his biggest roles), Bigelow glorifies him. The army needs lovers of war, it is the defense rampart against our enemies. We can not stand the truth, it is the lovers of war who are the best soldiers, the hardest men. According to the ironic non-Bigelow, normal men are pussies, the war lover is a special breed, the last of the cowboys. What if he wanted to strip his men, or caress an Iraqi boy? It is a return to sexual worship and the death of war. In times of war, sex is a kind of masculine bond without mercy, without love. Bigelow has no opinion on this; it only limits the options of masculinity in this attempt at realism. Only a lover of war can win the moral struggle between good and evil, between American innocence and Arab perfidy. Bigelow hides his racism and arrogance behind the naive facade of journalism. She is just another gung-ho yahoo describing a brutal war against civilians as a moral triumph of the spirit. <br /> <br /> On the political front, Bigelow returns to the Western genre and his relentless clichés again and again, ad nauseam: the wonderful world of the open border, which happens to be someone's country. other. ("You can shoot people here," said one soldier); the hard, but human, black guy, the soldier with a premonition of death, the gruff commander, maybe crazy, the educated madman trying to befriend the enemy. You call him, Bigelow resurrects him. <br /> <br /> Man-boy love is palpable in the scenes with the cute Arab boy who befriends the lover of the war, but Bigelow plays it bluntly; she does not consume sex, but cleanses it. What Bigelow really wants to show us is the hideous and sneering face of the Arab enemy. Anyway, any Iraqi who is not pure evil is either crazy, hostile, or worthless. They all deserve to die for their impudence, and many do it in this glib gore-fest movie. Iraqi women are all hysterical, they only make their presence known by screaming. As far as I know, they could be male stuntmen in drag, we never see their faces. There is no female presence on the bases or in combat, although the rate of casualties among Iraqi victims would certainly be obvious. <br /> <br /> Bigelow examines all queries one by one. She glorifies the war, she canonizes the sadistic hero. The cowboys, surrounded by the subhuman Indians, prove their courage by accomplishing God's work and submitting the terrible infested inferno of terrorists to pure bravado and suicidal madness. Towards the end, I wanted to encourage myself for the Indians. In the world of Bigelow, however, no mercy or understanding ever manages to cross it. Iraqis are dehumanized par excellence. The massacre of civilians is only the dramatic backdrop to the psycho-sexual struggle of our hero. Every American ball finds its mark. You must love the guy, the lover of the war. It's just his way, he's the real hero. He's just a guy who's trying to do it the hard way, and what if he's thirsty for tang tang on the side.
