The line is more fun in England, where, far from the native America of Vixen !, the word "fanny" has a whole new meaning. Unfortunately, this is the only laugh you'll get in this terrible sex comedy that is neither sexy nor funny. <br /> <br /> Oddly unattractive with painted eyebrows, Erica Gavin (Acting Acting: Zero) is a nymphomaniac who covets her own brother, but rejects her black friend while making derogatory remarks about watermelons. As if to avenge himself, he asks her if she would go with a Shetland pony. There is also reference to "do it with monkeys". Gavin's ability to shake and shake with orgasmic pleasure at the slightest touch is matched only by his lack of seduction by his seductive dance ?? which involves a bonfire and a haddock. Personally, I preferred haddock. <br /> <br /> For 1968, it was a rather docile subject, which contradicts the controversy he had aroused at the time. One character claims to "get high", although it is only on the bourbon, and for one of the original "X" certificates, there is no frontal nudity. Six years later, we would have Timmy Lea and her Confessions, but here we have to fend off with naked shots. Only the final seduction of his own brother by Gavin is really shocking. Another activity of Vixen is to contribute to the settlement of sexual problems between a married couple while sleeping with them two. Obviously, the two women do not enjoy playing their stage together and make a bad effort to hide it. After Vixen has resolved their disagreement, the romantic husband concludes with his wife "I guess she understands it!" <br /> <br /> The only segment that is worthwhile is an unusual discussion of Cuban communism. It seems out of place with the rest of the film, although it is associated with plans of Gavin's chest to link it to continuity. This leads then to a vague anti-Vietnamese stance, which is laudable, although it is abandoned in the middle of such a frivolous film, it seems banal and insensitive, not to say totally tasteless. Incidentally, the role of the so-called communist Niles Brooke is taken by Harrison Page, the same Harrison Page who played the role of Captain Trunk in the fun comedy Sledge Hammer! The page must be embarrassed by its back catalog (which also includes Meyer's Beyond the Valley of Dolls), even though Meyer's apologists would like to make you believe that the terrible dialogue, the unhealthy play, the sloppy leadership and Lamentable editing is not just part of the charm, intentional. In defense, he does not hold water. <br /> <br /> Irritating accessory music ?? a cross between the tunes they play in the movie and muzak restaurants ads used by television stations when the transmission breaks down? is ubiquitous and intrusive; Even silly and amateur-biased camera angles can not generate any interest. A wonderful world of jazz saxophones, where women "ask for it", black men ?? or "shine" ?? are not enough for anyone, and rape is an acceptable form of revenge. Absolutely abyssal.
