The Wayward Cloud is a frustrating movie to watch. Incredibly enigmatic, every shot is treated like a work of art. You have the impression that the composition of each plan has been designed and prepared with an exquisite degree of care that borders on the obsession; Expressing how much cinema has progressed since the very first films were shot in the 19th century and imitating their construction, the camera almost never moves? outside the camp and colorful musical numbers. Ambient noise is reduced to a minimum and barely a word is spoken. This curious but effective device forces the audience to focus solely on visual stimuli, so even if the story is moving at a steep pace, we feel immersed. Unfortunately, for me at least, this immersion begins to dissipate somewhere around the hour of play. I began to have the impression that the film challenged me to continue watching while becoming more and more difficult over time. minutes, so that the mere act of watching becomes a battle of wills. <br /> <br /> If the content of this film was not as sexual as it may seem, it would have been even more obscure for the Western audience. In the current state of affairs, there is an abundance of female nudity and an act of sexual abuse on an unconscious (or perhaps dead) woman who is so repugnant that, even if it can say a lot about the degradation to which pornography is subject to both men and women and used), he is so overzealous in the way he chooses to argue his point that he is effective in rendering it ineffective. Of course, the most enthusiastic and enthusiastic participants in the explosion of available pornographic content will look for this movie for all the wrong reasons and watch it with the sticky finger on the quick-view button on the remote. <br /> <br /> Despite all its problems, the film is definitely a persistent film, and the more you think about it, the more certain aspects seem to make sense. Ironically, for a movie in which so little happens, the viewer would probably be proportionally rewarded by watching a second, even a third time. For me, however, once was enough ??
