This successful movie of 1970 did not age well, but frankly, it was not very good when it came out. Yet, this may be a very popular success because the idea of ​​a young fatalistic love had to seduce a public saturated by the constant television coverage of the Vietnam War. The intrigue is pure passion because it concerns Oliver Barrett IV, a privileged Harvard hockey player, who meets and falls in love with Jenny Cavelleri, a vassar antagonist music student, proud of her career in the working class. Her old father naturally disapproves of Jenny and, in a typical act of rebellion, it means that the young couple is getting married at one of those hippie-era improvised ceremonies. He gets the job of his dreams in New York, but suddenly falls ill and dies as a result of his illness. Director Arthur Hiller has staged contemporary filmmaking techniques, but none of this can hide the old-fashioned and clichéd story. The inevitable end has left me particularly insensitive. <br /> <br /> Ryan O'Neal and Ali MacGraw have become stars with this film as Oliver and Jenny, but inexplicably, neither of them seem able to convey the depth or complexity required to make their film. convincing characters. At least the boy O'Neal is sincere in his weakly provocative approach, but MacGraw's behavior is so woody and so smiling that it's hard to see what Oliver sees in Jenny beyond his sarcastic facade. John Marley (two years before finding the decapitated racehorse in bed in "The Godfather") does better as Jenny's tanned baker's father, as does Ray Milland as Barrett's seemingly insensitive paterfamilias. The all too familiar music of Frances Lai has become almost a parody in itself over the years. The print quality on the DVD is good, although the only extra is a rather effusive commentary track by Hiller. The most interesting is the author Erich Segal (on whose book this movie is based) designed Oliver as a mix between two Harvard roommates he knew ?? Vice President Al Gore and actor Tommy Lee Jones, who plays a role in the film as Oliver's roommate.
