Warped takes the theme of Pinocchio and takes place during the Christmas season (.. after the abandonment of links before Christmas) trapped toys intended to murder a child (..but despite this, other victims are accidentally injured during the process) perhaps by the "son" of a toy manufacturer. Screaming Mad George was responsible for the killer toys (including a larva that goes into a victim's mouth and his glowing eye, another where a soldier's toy actually fires real bullets at a babysitter after his boyfriend was virtually strangled by a toy a remote). The small target is a dumb child named Derek (William Thorne) whose father-in-law was murdered by a red bullet with his elongated arms encircling his face, landing him on a poker in the fire. Mother Sarah (Jane Higginson) is worried about her son's mental state, believing that her reluctance to open gifts or, more importantly, to talk, stems from watching over her husband's horrible murder. Derek's real father, Noah (Tracy Fraim) fears for his safety and reluctantly informs his ex-girlfriend Sarah that local toy maker Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney) has already been arrested for setting up traps in toys hurting children at the loss of an unborn child when his wife was killed in a car accident .. a kind of retaliation saying that if he could not have a son, the others should not no more. Still a heavy drinker (often seen harassing Jack), Petto seems to have put aside his feelings for the kids, but his scary son Pino (Brian Bremer) did not do it and Derek does not fear him. Why? You will understand soon. <br /> <br /> Special effects rather disappointing and a crazy concept. Rooney's name adds an appeal to the film, garnering notoriety, but his crazy stories can only help him. The main actress Higginson (Slaughterhouse) and Fraim as a man who reintegrates his life are not so bad, but the lame intrigue that develops is difficult to take seriously. I guess that's the goal, but Rooney has no reason to be in a movie like this ... he has no place to bring to his person who makes a personality other than rage and despair, volatile enough, barely standing as he explodes in anger at Pino, when not drinking alcohol. Bremer is appropriately strange and "robotic" as a Pino, wanting to have Sarah for mom. The practical effects used in attacks on victims are rather unconvincing. Mad George's insane work with Savage Steve Holland was far more effective than what we see in this film. The sex that everyone is talking about is not as free as many would have you believe (... I do not even remember nudity). Probably the best of the many Greenlighted suites, but it's not exactly an endorsement. I'm pretty sure I wrote on paper, that it was a fun concept, the Pinocchio spoofer idea using horror elements, but the result does not really surprise you.
