OK OK, it could be difficult to put the entire life of a man in a single movie. Biopics are therefore traditionally focused on one or two important parts of the subject's life. Now, Byron was a type "My week is beating your year", which makes it even more difficult to select representative pieces. Moreover, just as Byron's poetry is inseparable from his life, the very life of man must be considered as a whole. Raising coins is not only not showing the entire image, but also a totally different image. <br /> <br /> Now, in summary, my criticism boils down to this: so-called, Byron was indeed the "my week beats your year" prototype, a guy who has lived so intensely that he actually does more things during his 15 years of activity than most of his life. Certainly, he had setbacks and was a victim of the time and social setting in which he lived - but in the end, this guy is supposed to be the prototype of which we would all want to live, right? Well, at no point did I want to live the life described in this film. So, it becomes 3. Not for being so badly done (which, in the sense of direction, was more or less), but more importantly for having completely missed the point in a flat plot. <br /> <br /> Some additional details. Well, for simplicity's sake, a Byron bio should have two distinct episodes: 1. A first trip to Europe: England and her ascent to glory + marriage / 2. Her life abroad. Now, the important thing is that the SECOND part is at least as important as the first. Not only was it much longer, but the most important change to Byron took place at that time. Moreover, this is where he created his best works (Don Juan, The Vision of Judgment, etc. - all that makes him * really * unique in English literature). <br /> <br /> Instead, in this film (a) Byron's life never seems so distracting, (b) it only gets worse after he leaves England. They did two good jobs: first, they started back from their trip to Europe (although a little more of the trip would have been welcome as a prologue), then they chose an angle, and they have chosen his incestuous love for Augusta (which is rather perfectly molded). The problem with this last thing is that they never give it up. It is true that Byron remained very attached to Augusta until the end of his days, but, especially since he was a man in such a mood, the fact that his letters bear witness to this does not mean that at other times he might not have fully benefited from life. Be that as it may, the first part of the TV movie should have ended with his departure from England. there is no doubt. The problem is that once abroad, a life of debauchery began (with the infamous Geneva period), but in Italy, Byron also discovered a new life, both for his poetry (inspired by comedy Italian), already in Venice, and for himself. finds Countess Teresa Guiccioli and settles in Ravenna (at the request of Shelly, with Teresa, in Pisa). In other words, he was also * released *. Her spirit and her life opened up (not just in the decadent sense), while England closed again as she fell under the gravitational pull of the Victorian era. True, freedom was without Augusta, but this bittersweet freedom has a bitter taste in this film. We see a solitary and annoyed snob grow old. <br /> <br /> I mean, Byron never thought too much about his poetry except when he finally found his own voice in Don Juan! Aside from the poetic and romantic developments, her relationship with Shelly (and her collapse) should have been more documented. It is also in Italy in Ravenna that he engages in politics and revolutionary ideas. This is important because it shows that Childe Harold's decadent and ultimately escaped romantic language is becoming the livelier and lighter passion of Don Juan's life and language. Life and work are one. That's right, always a bit naive, but that's what brought him to Greece! And everything was wrapped up in Pisa, where Shelley's revolutionary spirit lit up the spark again. Missolonghi was not the bored snob in search of action. It was the ideas in Italy (the Gambas) that drove him to act. This may be a symbol for man seeking an old-fashioned battle excitement while the rest of Europe is frozen in the clay of modern reason and conservatism. But it was not only that, there was a real inspiration behind all that. Meanwhile, Byron wrote massive amounts of Don Juan. Certainly, his end is a bit sad, but it's not like he's exhausted. This is the essence of Byron's life: he may have had strong emotional ties (2: Augusta and Teresa), but each time he managed to truly reinvent himself. Which meant he was not "less" at the end of his life - no, he had made a physical and mental JOURNEY that few people were willing to do at the time. <br /> <br /> I wonder. . Why is often the second period of Byron's life forgotten? Because there were less obvious conflicts, that the man ended up taking his? By focusing our attention on the frustrated years of England, full of scandals, we do not show ourselves much better than the English aristocracy of the time, which Byron had so much despised and which, despite the fact that he had not the choice, he * willingly *. fled in 1816 to find a sufficiently modern and liberal world for him to find the voice that would make him the first romantic poet to speak the language spoken in the lowlands and move from a snob obsessed with self-esteem to a passionate pursuing his cause.
