I think that can sum up this show as well as anything. Batman TAS is perhaps the worst thing that can happen to cartoons based on comics, because everything that follows will be compared to this one and nothing has been measured yet. It's too damn good. Was Batman Beyond good? "Yes, but it was not a CAS." Is the Justice League good? "It's not too serious, but it's not a TAS." <br /> <br /> The Batman is certainly not a CAS, but I will not stop there. It would be unfair and, in addition, it will pose many other problems. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​a younger and less experienced Batman in the fight against crime is excellent, and the art is sometimes very nice. But all the rest of the time, this art is worthless in Americanime, and that betrays a lot of the faults of the series itself. He is punctuated, written and conceived as an Americanime. If I wanted to watch Jackie Chan Adventures, I would watch Jackie Chan Adventures. Or I could just bang my head against a wall at any time and get the same effect. The Joker is a homicidal and mentally unstable clown in a suit that uses his intelligence, unpredictability and clever gadgets to fight Batman. When forced to fight in hand-to-hand combat, he will resort to something cheap or be totally out of date. He is not supposed to be a dreadlocks monkey who knows kung fu and can jump up to thirty meters in the air, accompanied by speed lines. If they had wanted to do it with a villain, they could have used other less important characters or created a new completely inspired. And it's not that reinventing is a bad thing, do not get me wrong. TAS (I'm coming back again) took Mr. Freeze from your usual nasty B brandishing firearms and turned him into a memorable and morally complex character. Of course, Freeze was not exactly a classic villain at the time and they did an upgrade, but the point remains. What Batman does is that he takes everything you liked about comics and Batman stories and that he takes a big, odorous discharge on them. Guess what? They ate corn. <br /> <br /> It is obvious that this show can not resist TAS but the rest on his own legs and it still does not work for me. Plots are not good and they do not grow better. They were written for the demography of children under twelve years old. Should children be able to attend a show? Of course, they should. It should not be an adult show with swear words, nudity and gratuitous violence. But the mark of a very good show is that it can be enjoyed at different levels by all ages. This show misses this mark. <br /> <br /> Is it a show? No of course not. The problem is that it's not even a JLU.
