Once, I would like to see a version of Beowulf in which it appears that the writers have at least a passing familiarity with the original poem. Once again, after watching this Sci Fi presentation, I am disappointed. <br /> <br /> I do not suggest writers to understand and analyze the poem in ancient English, but I would like to at least try to read a modern English translation and try to build a story based on that that really transpires. The story is pretty exciting. Why add non-existent plot elements and ruin the story? What is the problem with being faithful to the text? <br /> <br /> Grendel is immune to weapons of all kinds; why introduce a super crossbow that is incredible and could not have existed at this time (as rightly pointed out the previous comment)? The battle with Grendel was Beowulf vs. Grendel. That's all. No one else took part in the battle. The only way for Beowulf to defeat him was to specifically choose to engage the monster without any weapon, the mistake made by all previous opponents. Yet in this version, Danes and Geats fight the beast and Beowulf hacked Grendel's arm with a sword! Again, why could not they describe what really happened? Personally, I think that an individual confrontation between the two would be much more exciting. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a pathetic and abysmal representation that is unfaithful to the real tale. Why add a pact with the mother of Hrothgar and Grendel that includes a sacrificial offering? Why create additional characters, like Finn, who add nothing to the story? There was no love story in the poem. They could not even stage the appropriate places (a forest instead of the marsh and no den under the lake). They fail to notice the metaphor that means the den of Grendel ?? it's supposed to be underground to represent hell. Why not focus instead on the symbolism inherent in the epic poem? Even my high school students last year did a lot better when they created a short film based on Beowulf, as they focused on the themes and symbolism behind the story. If Hollywood could create a film centered on these elements and true to the plot, it would really be a fantastic movie.
