Where to start? Anachronism? A hi-tech bow with a telescope of about 500AD? Arrows with explosive charges in 500AD? A Grendel monster that looks like a Robocop and obviously never interacts with any of the weapons thrown or swung against him? The heart torn from the chest of his victim without any contact? Maybe the blonde who would fit into a recent fashion show with her makeup and her streaked hair? The old Danish court represented in classical Greek style? Is the queen played by Marina Sirt more saved by her makeup artist than by madness? The effects are far too weak to bring this story. Some stories do not bother and do not even benefit from cheap effects, but this Grendel is not one of them. <br /> <br /> What about characters who seem to change their attitude without motivation? A foolish bravado prince whose house has already been devastated more than once by the monster Grendel seems less respectful of the danger he faces than Beowulf, sent from far away from the land of the Geats to help the desperate Danes. In this, it's more like an old Western cowboy than any kind of myth. <br /> <br /> Beowulf is an ancient tale of a time when there was almost no literary tradition and where many of his feelings and dramas were obscure. I suppose that any modern speech that does not make an intelligent attempt to penetrate darkness must fail. I did not like the recent "Beowulf and Grendel" which regards Grendel essentially as a human being and regards Hrothgar and his Danes as too arrogant and stupid to recognize Grendel's attacks as a well-justified revenge, but I had to respect his position revisionist, namely that Hrothgar's Danes were a band of macho thugs who had never understood, even after all was over, that they had engaged in this nightmare, and therefore, the original story of Beowulf, such that it was written, was a false representation of the true story. I think there is a more complex sense to understand than that, but this terrible "Grendel" secret, namely that Grendel's attacks are related to the previous human sacrifice, does not really bring us closer to the shame experienced by Hrothgar. and the Danes. <br /> <br /> This Beowulf has little to recommend as a traditional myth or as a modern fantasy. I give him a 4: higher than he deserves, but still hope that a mediocre effort will catch the attention of someone who is able to tell the story in an intelligent way. Meanwhile, the filming of Sci-Fi seems to follow NASA's policy that it is better to create many probes that fail than a few that succeed.
