The Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza, or Le sangsue leads the dance as I believe it if its English title is common, takes place on "Ireland" in '1902' where the mysterious Count Richard Marnack (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart) soon invites working actress Evelyn (Patrizia Webley as Patrizia De Rossi) and three of her other actress companions soon out of work, Cora (Krista Nell), Penny (Lidia Olizzi) and Rosalind (Marzia Damon as Caterina Chiani) at her castle located on a small island just off the coast. At first, Evelyn is reluctant, but she is convinced that it is agreed that the help of the scene, Samuel (Leo Valeriano), follows the same movement. Once there, Count Marnack tells his guests that his father and grandfather cut the head of their unfaithful wife with a ceremonial knife and that there is discomfort when he Evvelyn has EXACTLY the same appearance as the wife of the current count who did not run away too long ago ... In addition to having to worry about strange servants, it turns out that someone wants to use the knife itself to cut some heads ... <br /> <br /> This Italian production was written and performed by Alfredo Rizzo & is total, complete and complete crap from beginning to end. First, let's start by criticizing the title The blood sucker leads the dance, let's look at this title because I feel a little cheated that there are no vampires or any kind of blood sucker, no one leads what be it anytime and there is definitely no dancing or dancing, so do not expect these things. What you should expect however is a tedious, boring and annoying "giallo" that takes more than an hour before anyone is killed and where a mystery of murder begins to take shape, the first hour of The Sanguisuga Conduce the Danza is like a plot & uninteresting like anything there. The best way to imagine it is to think about the most boring soft-core porn movie you've ever seen, then cut off most of the soft-core pornography and let the bad actors, the bad dubbing , bad dialogues, a little bit of soft-core sex and lesbianism and absolutely nothing else. Yes, it's really so bad. The mystery elements are shit, people do illogical things for no apparent reason and the too complicated end of the "twist" is as serious as the rest, The Sixth Sense (1999), that's not it! <br /> <br /> Director Rozzi does a decent job and the Sanguisga Conduce Danza is actually nice to watch, despite a seemingly low budget. I mean, in some scenes he shows a "storm" raging outside the castle. black White! Thus, the film goes from bright color to black and white every time it cuts the storm and takes the color! There is an absolutely hilarious scene where a housekeeper and her friend discuss her breasts and let her friend feel them that is so full of compliments, this scene is so funny and so unnatural that it is invaluable and easily best time of the same movie Bad 70 porn would be embarrassed by the dialogue! Nudity is minimal and sex / lesbian scenes are very tame. Forget all traces of blood or blood, because there is no head decapitated. <br /> <br /> Technically, the films are pretty good, the sets and the decor of the production are rather impressive, even if they do not have a huge scale. work quite efficiently. The film has a good sense of color and cinematography is fine. The film is doubled, so it is difficult to give an opinion on the original performances but the voices are terrible and the dialogue is even worse than usual. <br /> <br /> The Sanguisuga Conduce The Danza is a terrible film, it makes it does not make sense, it has almost no history for more than an hour, it may be the most misleading title of all time and it is really dull and boring with a confused and stupid end. As far as horror fans of Euro are concerned, there are many better films than these. So do not waste your time, because it's really to be avoided. Anecdotal note: the famous Nazi horror movie of exploitation and horror: horrific experiences of the last days SS (1977), AKA SS Hell Camp and the beast in heat were made by Luigi Batzella and he played a fairly important police detective at La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza.
