This "intelligent" film was originally a Japanese film. And although I guess the original movie was pretty bad, it was even worse when American-International Films broke it up into pieces and inserted American-made segments to deceive the audience. Now, unless your audience is totally stupid, it becomes cruelly obvious that this has been done - and with little finesse or importance to the final product. The bottom line is that you have a lot of clearly Japanese, then clearly American, scenes in which the film is very different. In addition, the American scenes really make no sense and consist of two different groups of people in meetings while talking about Gamera - the turtle that flies badly! And while it's a fire-breathing, flying, and destructive monster, there's virtually no energy, because I guess the actors were just embarrassed to be in this miserable movie, especially veterans Brian Donlevy and Albert Dekker. They both seemed tired and uncomfortable to be there. <br /> <br /> Now, when it comes to the monster, it's not quite the standard creature resembling Godzilla. See a giant turtle retract its head and limbs and start spinning in the air like a missile is hilarious. On the other hand, models of shabby aircraft, destructible balsa buildings and the power station are, as usual, in this film and are not a surprise. Added to this is a strange shot of Japanese monster film that will frankly embarrass most non-Japanese viewers, namely "the adorable and precocious boy who loves the monster and believes in him". Yes indeed. Well, just like in GODZILLA VERSUS THE SMOG MONSTER and several other movies, you have this damn bastard applauding the monster, though, unlike Godzilla's later incarnations, Gamera is NOT a good man and eventually turns out that the child just an idiot! These are mediocre, exceptional, mediocre special effects, which could be improved by an average seven-year-old, meaningless American clips, poorly shot and a sometimes horrible voice dubbing make it a miserable film. Strangely, while most will surely hate this movie (and this stupid kid), there is a small vocal minority who loves these movies and compares them to Bergman and Kurosawa. Do not believe it - IT'S A dreadful movie! <br /> <br /> FYI - Apparently, because of its formidable stage presence, Gamera was featured in several other films in the '60s, as well as in recent incarnations. None of this changes the fact that he is a turtle spitting fire or that the movies are really lame.
