We are now traveling in a parallel universe where the appearance of giant prehistoric monsters straightening cities is part of the daily routine. It's the world of Godzilla, Rodan, Mothra Ghidrah and their ilk - a strange world made even more strange by the appearance of an unidentified flying turtle called Gamera. <br /> <br /> Always in the shadow of the monolithic Toho Studios, second row The Daiei studios were better known for their samurai sagas than for the monster movies. In the mid-1960s, they decided to be part of the giant reptilian race and designed a series of rival monsters for Godzilla, Toho's great success. They have wisely chosen Gamera as their flagship product - a giant tortoise that flames between its jagged teeth and flies through the air, throwing flames through the holes in its shells (and at one point you almost see the paper mache shell catch fire!). <br /> <br /> Gamera's first film "Gamera The Invincible" (as it was sold in the US) is a virtual mirror of Godzilla's debut film, which is only 10 years behind schedule . US hunters pursue an unnamed aircraft over the Arctic until he dies by fire - the nuclear bomb on board ignites and wakes up the giant Gamera from his icy sleep. Feeding on atomic energy, it is unleashed immediately and the world wants to destroy Gamera once and for all, but a little Japanese named Kenny, who has a psychic link with the giant tortoise and even keeps a miniature version in an aquarium. at his bedside, Gamera is essentially kind and caring. He is like a little Jewish child with a pin-up of Hitler. "Gamera is a GOOD turtle," he pleads, then sulks, and plays a face as if someone were pooping in his coconut lollipops. Miraculously, the leaders of the world are listening to him and that is how Z-Plan begins to save the world AND Gamera from total destruction. <br /> <br /> Released in 1965, Gamera was a surprising success. The disturbing infantile anthropomorphism has proved effective for children both in Japan and the United States, and Gamera's view of the trampling miniatures of Tokyo and the North Pole is gloriously heartbreaking. The most surprising of all is the longevity of the series: eight original Gamera films, plus a bunch of recent remakes. Not bad for a mutant reptile whose only friend is an eight-year-old milquetoast - and if I hear "Gamera is ALL children's friend" once again, I'm going to crush Tokyo. This seems like an easy task in the parallel universe where kids are smart and turtles bigger than a Seiko billboard in the 1965 turtle festival in Gamera.
