With the growing popularity of Godzilla's now iconic series, as with any successful movie event, a host of imitators will inevitably try to capitalize on the success of the big lizard. With Godzilla appeared the dawn of a growing popularity of the genre kaiju (giant monster). Many have sought success; some have won. Gamera is one of the few people who took the opportunity to gain popularity. It is a giant turtle that can intermittently breathe fire and fly by spitting flames from the orbits of its shell as a means of jet propulsion. But unlike Godzilla, Gamera has been touted as a friend of all children. Later, he fought other monsters to save children in danger. So he became very popular among children. Unfortunately, it's pretty much the only audience that the first Gamera series will have attracted attention. While the new Gamera films directed by Shusuke Kaneko are groundbreaking monster movies, the original series, including the original series, is nothing special. <br /> <br /> The first Gamera movie, titled in Japan as "The Giant Monster Gamera" was clearly a Godzilla wants to be. Although the film was produced at the time of the color films, it was shot in black and white. Why? To imitate the first Godzilla movie of the 1950s. Gamera also attacks Tokyo. Because Godzilla attacked Tokyo in the first film. I do not know much about the Japanese version, because I am familiar with the Americanized version, in which scenes were cut and new images of American actors were inserted (is it a coincidence if the same film was produced with Godzilla's first film?) Now, if that adds or removes from the film, I can not say. But "Gammera the Invincible" is in fact only a heavy enemy who advances like a big turtle. <br /> <br /> "Gammera the Invincible" is a very routine film. The characters belong to a stock of science fiction standards, the story is stupid, the monster has no real reason to attack civilization, the acting is laughable, and so on. The only thing that sets it apart from the Godzilla series is the end of the film, but it's also a detractor as the plan that ends up stopping Gamera's madness is completely phony and ridiculous. Now, the rest of the movie and many other entries of this kind also fit that description, but it's a terribly monstrous movie. <br /> <br /> And although Shusuke Kaneko would later turn Gamera into an interesting monster with his trilogy in the 1990s, in the original series, Gamera was not an attractive screen presence. He was neither scary nor friendly. He sways like a toddler, sways with each step and reverses miniature sets. As usual, everyone wants to destroy Gamera except for a small child (Yoshio Uchida who was lazily left in the credits while playing a "central" role) who thinks that Gamera is a pretty turtle . <br /> <br /> Most The genre of "Gammera the Invincible" is an easy target for critics and is under additional pressure. Even in the company of many other Godzilla imitators, this Gamera film is not particularly interesting. And in terms of my movie experience, the rest of the movies in the show are just as boring or worse. Like Godzilla, Gamera would be filmed in color and continue to fight monsters. And, like Godzilla, he would become cheaper with each film until it was time to revive the series and make it serious again. <br /> <br /> It's strange. In general, I recommend people to stay with the originals and pass the remakes. But in the case of Gamera, my verdict is quite the opposite. I strongly encourage people to watch the 1990 Gamera Trilogy directed by Shusuke Kaneko and ignore the original series unless they are interested. The new films are inventive, well done, exciting and most of all fun. The original series is a long stream of trouble.
