The Last Station, director Michael Hoffman's melodrama about the last months of Leo Tolstoy's life, begins with fog and sleep. Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer) lives with his family in a complex in Yasnaya Polyana. He walks, writes and is watched by his wife and members of his "movement", people dedicated to his ideas of pacifism, vegetarianism, sexual abstinence and goods that gathered in a forest camp not far from the. His wife, Sophia (Helen Mirren), is openly fighting against the leader of her movement, Chertkov (Paul Giamatti), whom she claims in her efforts to convince Tolstoy to hand over the rights of her works to the Russian people, trying to steal wealth owes him the imminent death of her husband. Bulgakov (James McAvoy), Tolstoy's new steward, is a naïve observer torn between his love for man and his concern for his wife. <br /> <br /> Hoffman's scenario, based on Jay Parini's novel, quite often engages in a confused territory, creating a complex entanglement of threads and opaque motivations that ultimately do not resolve themselves in a satisfying manner. The scope of the film is immense and its story should resonate in the same way as Tolstoy, whose beliefs announced in some respects both the Bolsheviks and those of pacifists like Ghandi. Unfortunately, this is not the case, it is impossible to choose, to build with many passionate clashes that are constantly sinking into nothingness. The three-way relationship between the Church, the faithful Sophia and the unbeliever Tolstoy, for example, is often mentioned. In the last part of the film, a mute priest presents himself under a beautiful hat, but the script never develops it beyond the clumsy insertion in the story to try to enrich it or to give a semblance of historical accuracy. There is a ton of detail in the film, but most of them are not sufficiently taken into account. The film seems so cluttered, overloaded, energetic but unfortunately useless. <br /> <br /> At the heart of the love story between Sophia and Tolstoy, and this story, as disconcerting and cramped as it is, is the reason to watch the film. Unsurprisingly, Mirren and Plummer are the best things in the film. Plummer's Tolstoy is vague, both confused and resolute, anxious and full of joy and certainty. Mirren's Sophia is in a panic, in a just foam, forced to look and should remain silent while her husband gives his time, property and money to people who are indisputably devoted to him, but who are clearly in possession of their own goals. . These are excellent performances, especially given the vast gap between the real importance of the couple's place in history and the ability of the scenario to support it, Sophia and Tolstoy seeming to want in the film Mirren and Plummer alone, which makes the best they can out of this lean material is there. Giammati and McAvoy, two talented actors, are unable to do the same thing and Giamatti's Chertkov does not seem to be a revolutionary or a thief (or both at once), but rather a figure, a replacement for a whole bunch of unresolved anxieties and aborted historical abortions. The scope of this thing is never reduced to nothing, it continues, fending itself with the strength of Plummer and Mirren and not much else. It's interesting and pretty, but ultimately without reward. 4.5 / 10
