This incredibly overestimated animated television series (26 episodes, 25 minutes each) is about a 14-year-old boy (and two of his classmates) piloting a giant robot to defend Japan against invading beings called Angels. There are very few explanations given to Angels or why their numbers have increased lately, and they just seem to come out of nowhere for no apparent reason (why not attack all at the same time rather than at spaced intervals that suit the humans you are trying to destroy?). Robot battle scenes try to solve various obstacles, but the action itself is poorly executed and boring to watch. Almost every episode seems to be a waste of space where nothing happens. <br /> <br /> Some might be intrigued by fans who mention the (very rare) symbolic references mentioned here, but that's all they are - from shallow monsters to religious or philosophical concepts that are thrown at random with zero skill. Overall, the series is incredibly tedious due to the superficiality of the characters, who are in fact only pitying crybabies. Psychology is pathetic, with desperately simplistic conflicts like "I hate my father" repeated over and over again and again and again, without progression beyond their face value. It is not a euphemism to say that these characters plunge this series of mediocrity that wastes time disorders leading to anger in recent episodes with their endless rants and agonizing overly repetitive psychobabes (some of which have no meaning). <br /> <br /> I'm not kidding when I say that this series is only getting worse. Every day I watched the DVD sitting on the table in my living room and said to myself, "Good God, I have to watch the next episode at some point. (Sigh) I might as well pass another one tonight." The real thunderclap was that the episodes only lasted 25 minutes, but they still managed to digress in a completely uninteresting borefest in less than 10 minutes. This comes from a guy who is happy to watch 150-minute movies with an icy rhythm. That's why my criticism of this series is really overwhelming. <br /> <br /> Never in my life have I despised watching a series as much as "Evangelion." I had already bought it because of all the fanatical comments on IMDb, and I was certainly not going to let it get dusty after spending my hard-earned money. What followed was 10 hours of pure, unmixed torture. My love / hate relationship with the anime turns into a hate / love relationship after this highly acclaimed disaster. <br /> <br /> "Evangelion" is all that anime should NOT be - massive amounts of dull and pretentious guts in the guise of intelligent cinema. Universal recognition for this piece of shit is simply amazing. and the ridiculous claims of fans that this series is "one of humanity's greatest achievements" is probably the most amazing comment I've ever heard on IMDb - and I've already seen dozens of fans .
