I sometimes see part of this show because my wife sometimes looks at it. I try to take advantage of it for its basic idea of ​​helping a family in need, but there are several things that bother me. Each episode follows the same format where many parts seem totally written (what they are) and where the tears flow apparently. Trying to manipulate the viewer with a mixture of emotional crises and sad music is a real surprise for me. The fact that everyone who donates at home, whether it's Sears or anyone else, needs to connect to be generous is also boring. The biggest problem I probably have with all this is that what needs to be a lot of money and a small army of workers are combined to build a surprisingly superior home for one family. Now, I know this money is just a drop in the bucket for Disney / ABC, but what more could be done for more people with the amount they are investing in a house? Instead of focusing on one family and making them all cry during the episode, why not help 10 families and show the best times? Is not life difficult enough for the average person? Why do I need help finding things that make me sad, why not show something that really inspires without being manipulative? I know that what is done for these families is good, but they are also used for assessments. You can not tell me that they are not sometimes trained to cry. I guess when I see these people moving into a house that most American workers would not be able to afford for their children, it bothers me a lot. I can not help but think of what could really be done with a small portion of Disney's money. Instead of giving each family member a flat-screen TV and / or a personal shower that tells you the temperature of the water and comes out of the ceiling, why not help more people to afford the food, water and water? clothing, education and health insurance? I know we can have fun and cry. In terms of money, I think the same thing about Oprah. I do not think anyone can really figure out how much money they have. Yes, her recent reality show did some good things, but when she gave $ 30,000 to every losing "competitor", I sit here thinking ... it's a multi-year salary for many people. .. if they are lucky. Do not get me started in game shows. So I realize that Extreme Makeover Home Edition "does good", but forgive me if I see it as more useful for self than for giving of oneself. Is there anyone who feels similar?
