This film does not talk about football at all. It's about Jesus / GOD !! It's the same kind of sneaky religious vengeance you get from those foolish fools who fight for Jesus or who pay for him. Yes, Jesus was totally polite, loved contact sports and definitely possessed a complete set of bells. Duhhh! This film should have been called "Hike for Jesus", or something like that, just to inform the general public that its real goal is to convert people to Christianity and to please those whose brains have already been thoroughly washed. . in the blood of the lamb. That the title is derived from the Bible is clearly indicated when the head coach reads his Bible and asks for help from Jesus. The recent sports film "Invincible" was 100 times more inspiring than that, and Jesus was not even a factor. It was just the desire and determination of a dreamer. <br /> <br /> Any general appeal as an inspiring sports film is finally lost amidst all the blatant biblical boasting and sneaky religious propaganda. It seems like the only message is the only way to succeed and make a positive profit if you accept Jesus as your personal savior. But that's just not true, and so is a lie perpetuated by those who believe it's true and want everyone to believe it. The image of the winning athlete thanking Jesus for his victory comes directly to mind. What does he do when he loses? Does he curse Jesus? Of course not! When he loses Jesus, he is not responsible. Jesus is responsible only when he wins. And logic turns again and again and it ends exactly where the true believer needs to be, every time! I had to take a break when the coach receiving a brand new truck staged so I could stop rolling on the floor laughing and catching my breath. Materialism is not what Jesus taught. I find it odd that most so-called "Christians" seem to either forget or ignore this message from their "savior", especially when I see a Jesus fish on the back of a huge SUV that drinks gasoline and who passes to me as if I were motionless. . <br /> <br /> Another message that this film implies is that, apparently, Jesus cares more about the record of defeats of a mediocre high school football team than it does with millions of starving children in the world. world. The last scene where the uncertain and uncertain kicker starts with a 51-yard goal and which is put forward as an incredibly unbelievable miracle puts the final gag with a religious red spoon flag on this turkey. I gave him only three stars because the guy who played the role of black coach could play the role.
