I was scolded and scorned by Christian confreres for expressing my disappointment with this film. I am harassed by statements like these: "I can not believe you did not like it, it was done totally by Christians!" "Everyone gave their time and no one was paid for the film, it's a church, not Hollywood, we should spend our money on movies like this, they only used 100 $ 000 to make the film. " "It comes from a real church and a Christian school in Georgia, a preacher wrote it and directed it." So, apparently, the reason I should love this film is simply because of the way it was made and the minimum amount of money used to make it, that's what was done by Christians. That's all I need to love the movie. <br /> <br /> Look, I have the film without knowing anything about the background of the film. I had never heard of it and I had no idea - apart from football - what it was. I watched it as I watch any other movie and I was disappointed. I was disappointed by the ugly writing and the lame script. I was VERY disappointed with the resolution after the climax. Do not worry. There have been other cheap movies and other expensive movies that have gained less respect from me. It's not about making the film. It's the finished product. <br /> <br /> The author acknowledges that God does not say "yes" to everything we pray for, but he wanted to show with faith that God is changing our lives. . It is true. However, God can change our lives and we are always sterile. God can change our lives and we do not get any increase in our work. God can change our lives and our car is always an old story. God can change our lives and our house is still stinking. Why did not he portray that in the movie? Others have expressed concern to the screenwriter / director about it, but apparently he was on the defensive. <br /> <br /> I did not think the acting was horrible, nor many scenes of landscapes. I like the idea of ​​going to God and recognizing his awesome power and weakness. <br /> <br /> The writing and the realization were very weak. This is easy to distinguish because many characters have no development. The coach's wife really only gets his wife is not pregnant (well, until the end of the movie). It seems that there was only the baseball player who had the potential to have an interesting character and who was cut into pieces. "I have a disabled father and I can not play football well, but I even kill the winning goal, even though I've never hit a real goal on the field before." The Christian school itself was another problem. Umm, I worked for two Christian schools, went to a school and had many nieces and nephews in other Christian schools. Overall, I had quite close ties with a dozen different people. None of the problems I saw in ALL of these schools were addressed. I saw this as totally surreal in the film about their school and I wish they had shown the human factor. It would have been nice to see a dose of reality and know how God can work. <br /> <br /> I will end by declaring that each work - written or drawn or played on an instrument - shares the artist's worldview. The vision of the world presented to me in this film is: "People who pray in the right way win football games, get new cars, design when they can not, receive a salary increase and have their homes repaired, all in a short span of time. " I know. I should love the movie simply because of the sincerity of the people who did it. I think I should like the movie because it was done well and for no other reason.
