I watched this film in a group of young people, where my youth leader, who was intuitive, and his wife, talked about it. Then, at a church-related Christmas party, an adult couple went astray giving a copy of this film to all the families present, and now my family is stuck in the movie (though , fortunately, it still remains in its packaging). I cried bitter tears over these sad events, and here's why: First of all, this movie has good intentions, especially if you're a Christian like me. This film tries to show that you should put your faith in God and that it will improve your life. Not so bad, right? Eh. It turns out to be a problem - a big one. This film was made by a church. Of course, every problem must be treated with as much taste as possible for Christians. Everything is black and white, no gray areas. The grace and will of God in this film are predictable. They are instantly apparent to all who obey his commands. <br /> <br /> This is not the God I know. It is not the Christian life that I know well. The God I believe in is a powerful and trustworthy God, but he is not the one who fulfills all my wishes. I am as good as I can, although the departure is often difficult; Yet the football team in this film finds its humility and self-control far easier than anyone else should NEVER find it. I can not identify with cardboard cutouts that rock from bad to good in a few structured movie scenes. And when I AM His commandments as stated in the Bible, I certainly do not find myself overwhelmed with blessings as these characters do. The biggest of my immediate rewards is knowing that I did the right thing. Everything else is accompanied by a long, complicated and arduous work. <br /> <br /> But let's take the example of this film: Grant Taylor coaches the Shiloh Christian School football team, which has lost six seasons in a row. He is in danger of losing his job because of this, and he and his wife have very little money in the state. They want a baby, but the doctor tells him he is sterile. Oh, and his car is not working. And the boys of his football team are disrespectful to their parents, whiners after their millions of defeats and bad goals. It is certain that the community is dilapidated here. <br /> <br /> But wait, Grant Taylor decides to trust God for everything! And he passes on his faith to his team. So far, so good. Not for a long time. When they begin to obey, the blessings literally come to them. Suddenly, students stop showing disrespect to their parents. the school has a great "awakening"; the team starts to win EACH game; they even won the big league against the most difficult team in the league! The work of coach Taylor is reassured; the school offers him a new and brilliant truck (which by the way is the very incarnation of shallow employers and in good weather); he gets an increase; his wife (get this) even falls pregnant with his sperm sterile! And this skinny kid manages to hit his first goal on the pitch when it's needed! Wowzers, woot, praise the Lord, etcetera, etcetera !!! ... <br /> <br /> Yipe. Just YIPE. No one in my church has ever experienced Christ so soberly. Yes, there have been many miracles in my family, as well as gifts and comforts of creatures, and I attribute them to the grace and love of God. But God is not a tap that you turn on and off by being good or bad! It is usually a mystery. His gifts come unexpectedly, often when you think you do not need it but you really do. It's a long and difficult journey of accomplishment, and things NEVER turn as you thought. <br /> <br /> This film has good intentions. But because of its superficial depth and its total evasion, it resonates enormously to a 1/10. The bad clichés of cinema and sporting film seem to be simple buttons beside the leprous falsities that this film pushes inadvertently. <br /> <br /> To all your future churches that are planning to make a movie: do not be afraid to show REAL life, even you have to add some awkward truths in the mix. Despite the fact that this sweet candy candy seduces the baser population, no one has learned anything substantial. Give us the meat, the bones, the TRUE! Real life applies to everyone, not just Christians, and this is an aspect that "Facing the Giants" has failed to capture.
