Scarecrows is one of those movies that, with a little more acting, a little more direction and a lot more narrative logic, would have been quite convincing as a horror entry. In the current state of things, it is still a terrifying film with solid makeup and gory effects, and a premise that maintains the atmosphere of terror in spite of itself. And hey, there are no teenagers getting killed one by one - just stupid adults, so it's a refreshing change of pace. And the plot is incredibly similar to Dead Birds, with a hasty flight, a spooky house abandoned in the middle of nowhere and demonic monsters. But just like Dead Birds, adults are always without spirit, they run without knowing what to do before being slaughtered one by one and they ignore the obvious danger. <br /> <br /> In Scarecrows, we never really discover the supernatural. why, and that maintains the atmosphere of goose bumps. And like clowns, scarecrows can be very scary; unless they look like Ray Bolger, of course. Escaping in a hijacked plane with the pilot and his daughter, after a multi-million dollar robbery, a para-military group is doubled by one of them; a very nervous guy named Burt. He jumps out of the plane with the big and heavy box that contains the money without apparently any plan to move it once he is on the ground. Being the stupidest of the group, he is murdered first. But not before reaching the Fowler residence, nestled amid appalling scarecrows, surrounded by a wooden fence surrounded by barbed wire and numerous warnings. And the weird weather vane on the roof, with the fork and the pterodactyl, should also have been a warning sign. The interior of the house is also quite disturbing (for us, in any case, for the public). <br /> <br /> An embarrassing thing, we have to listen to Burt's thoughts in voiceover as he strolls and mysteriously discovers the decrepit truck key in the yard. It would be enough that the key appears so that my pants, with me inside, flies to the door. It may be just me, but I like watching people's lips move on the screen, even when they think aloud. This helps to intensify the action and gives the actor more to do than just look like what the voiceover says. Burt hoisted the box onto the truck and escaped. Sure why not? The dilapidated trucks always have a lot of gas, especially with today's prices and the battery? no problem. Now, I mentioned that Burt was the most stupid of the group, and here's why (in addition to the above, of course). Wearing night vision goggles to browse the foliage and find the house, he removes them to drive the truck and turns on the headlights to see where he is going. Of course, the crooks still on the plane spot the headlights of his truck and know where he is heading. Brilliant. He deserves to die. Absolutely. I'm not sure why he needed night vision goggles first, because each scene is very bright, from the inside of the plane to the outside night landscape, through the house. The director of photography was either one. myopic, b. just out of school, or c. deal with really cheap film. <br /> <br /> Burt faces his death when the truck dies in the middle of nowhere. Go understand. A very nice touch, and there are, I must admit, a few in the film, it's the fact that when he opens the hood of the truck, there is no engine. Creepy, to be sure (and insert the pants comment here again). The logic of the story fails when the dead person, now drunk, looks like a potato, with money and straw, Burt comes home. The rest of the pack is there, screwing him up, then realizing he's really dead and he's been drained and stuffed like a flounder of money and straw. Dead Burt nevertheless manages to fight and grabs a guy by the mouth, pushing him through a window, making him bite more than he could chew in a painful scene. At this point, you would think they would rush out of the house to get back on the plane - but no, they decide to stay and look for the rest of the money. In fact, the entire episode of Burt's death is treated rather simply, though a brilliant light bulb in the group argues that "Burt was walking dead, for chrissakes!" <br /> <br /> The stolen money suddenly appears outside the house, and the crooks will happily fetch the bait. Soon, another of them, Jack, is dispatched and the scene is again well made and horrible, involving a dull hand saw and no anesthetic. Now there are three scarecrows that cause chaos and one of them is literally in need of a helping hand. <br /> <br /> When one of the crooks sees the scarecrow and Jack becomes scarecrow, he screams and runs away like crazy. hell, and pulling his weapon in a typical para-military way. So much for all this training under the shit. He meets the others and stops to explain why he shouts, runs away like a devil and pulls his gun, even as the scarecrows seem to chase him. Once again, this logic of script ... Dead and emptied, Jack returns home and pursues the crier with the usual results. If you listen to Jack's demonic growl, you may notice, depending on your age, that it's the same monster roar that you often hear in episodes of Lost In Space TV. <br /> <br /> The last two survivors move away from the house and return to the plane, barely escaping. But do they do it? You will have to see the movie to find out.
