Ridiculous fluff, it aggravates his mistake by trying to make sense. Joan, this time as Congressman, Agatha Reed, chair of a committee charged with "investigating the high cost of food". Congresswoman Reed said, "The housewife has gone too far, I will continue to fight long enough for the American family to take a vacation once a year, see a film every week and occasionally feed peanuts an elephant. " She works in all areas, but she does not know what to do when she earns an honorary degree from Good Hope College, where she was fired for the crime of being out all night (the parallel to Joan's real life). is undeniable here, as is the case in all Joan Films). The degree raises a lot of consternation on campus ("This would make it the most open institution in the history of education!") ?? but Joan is not aware of it when she arrives. The president of the college, Jim Merrill, played by Robert Young, happens to be the former teacher of Joan ?? and in love. It was with * him * that she spent the night outside all those years ago, but Joan felt it was better to disappear than to try to explain to the skeptical college that they were about to to marry. Naturally, this prestigious event will be covered by the magazine * Life * ?? and who does the photographer prove to be? Yet another of Joan's old lovers ?? The latter, with whom she spent time in China "during the war", and he thinks that Joan could be in trouble with his old flame. Eve Arden, playing the role of Joan's assistant, "Woodie", is at its goal and is the most intelligent in this film ?? with his casual and useless remarks that would make you dismiss his work, if you did not love him so much. But you do not just like Eve in this role, as in all her roles, you adore her. She's so funny and logical that you'd like to pay her to stick around and be part of the boys. When Joan cries when she arrives at her alma mater, Eve tells her that it "looks fierce". But Joan says that others may only see a collection of buildings, she, Joan, sees young people ?? she herself at 18 years "greedy, pregnant? a little scared, she asks:" What is life? What am I? "But, of course, if we look deeper into Joan's question at 18, the truth may be a little different. <br /> <br /> For me, this is the major problem of any film of Joan. You can call her characters as you see fit, but it's always Joan, all the time. So, since we always see that Joan is herself, it's easy to do without the characters' names. It's just that it gets confusing when Joan tries to tell us something obviously wrong, like her description of herself at age 18 ?? when we know that at 18, Joan has already done several rounds of the block. Many men would have described her as impatient and, to the extent that she was pregnant, she had already had several abortions at this stage. But it's a personal problem, and I'm moving away from the subject, but I just wanted to explain why I say things like "what's Joan doing?" this or that, or "We see Joan as ..." when we do not literally watch a movie at home. <br /> <br /> There's an involuntarily hilarious moment in which Joan gets the Clara Bow doll she left behind in college? A quick arithmetic tells us that Joan and Clara were contemporaries and that it is a transparent ploy to make us believe that Joan is much younger than she actually seems. He fails. What also fails is a politically correct attempt of the early fifties. In the story, Joan wrote a book about freedom of expression and made a film (no, not about the plumber). It draws the attention of Dr. Pitt, a radical from the early 50's on campus, who is about to be fired. his views, which are strikingly similar to Joan's. This is where the film mysteriously becomes a story of morality, certainly weak, but perhaps the only thing that prevents it from slipping into oblivion.
