This movie was so bad that I do not know whether to laugh or cry. I had high hopes for Horrorfest that year, which was also the first year of my participation in Horrorfest, and I must say that Horrorfest and all his films are carrying false advertising to a whole new level. Congratulations to the advertisers, because I'm sure they drove a lot of people to spend money and see those movies that year. The Hamiltons were by far the worst of those I saw (the others I saw were Unrest, Dark Ride and Reincarnation). The cover and trailer of the film were reminiscent of a family of cannibals terrorizing the neighborhood, which, in my opinion, was a pretty interesting plot. Only, I was disappointed in the end, discovering that it was a story "in the making" about the transition from a boy to a vampire. This is why the drama prevails over any feeling of horror in this film. And to make the plot even more ridiculous, they add a group of horny twins who are eager to get a "bite", and a deadly creature locked up in the basement, which if I'd found out what it was was. 'If the secret had not been revealed at the very end of the film, I would have left the theater midway. <br /> <br /> Total loss of money and time. Cut forty minutes of this film and make an episode on a show like Smallville, Charmed or Supernatural and it would have received more praise. Absolute waste! So bad that two years later, I have to go back to IMDb and write a review about it because it still remains in my memory one of the worst films I have ever seen. Also, as you read this, avoid the rest of the horror movies in the future. The best you can do is rent them at Blockbusters or watch them online somewhere. Horrorfest presents films from independent filmmakers that can not be watched on the big screen, and all the crap about "things they do not show you in theaters," they did not talk about blood, guts, or 'horror. referred to the movies themselves. Because they are horrible. Think of Horrorfest as a lesser-known version of the Sundance Film Festival, but for horror movies. <br /> <br /> Sorry for all this "hate", but think carefully next time before deceiving customers of their money.
