The Hamiltons tells the story of the four brothers and sisters of Hamilton, the teenager Francis (Cory Knauf), the twins Wendell (Joseph McKelheer) and Darlene (Mackenzie Firgens) and the elder David (Samuel), who is now the parent of substitution. Franics does not know very well why and moves badly to Hamilton. The fact that his brother and sister kidnap, imprison and murder people in the basement also does not help to calm or calm Francis' nerves. Francis knows that something is wrong and that he finally discovers the truth, things will never be the same again ... <br /> <br /> Co-written, co-produced and directed by Mitchell Altieri & Phil Flores The Butcher Brothers (the only other director to date is the April Fool's Remake (2008), that's enough) was one of the "Movies to die for" of the 2006 edition of After Dark Horrorfest (or so nickname) & in Keeping just about everyone else I've seen, I thought The Hamiltons was a total and total shit. I found the character really poor, very unfriendly and the slow story failed to captivate my imagination or to keep my interest for 85 minutes and a half too long of 86 minutes. There was the terrible turn in the end that made me laugh out loud, there's this huge, sustained buildup of what's inside a closet in the basement of Hamiltons and it was finally revealed to be a little boy with a soft toy. Is it really supposed to scare us? Is it really supposed to shock us? Is it really something that is supposed to make us talk about this as the list of final credits? Is a harmless young boy the best end we can imagine for creators? The boring conspiracy goes on, it's never clear where the Hamiltons are getting all their money to buy new houses because none of them seem to work (except David in a slaughterhouse and I doubt that it pays a lot) or why they did not get caught. before now. The scenario tries to mix the daily drama with a powerful horror and does a terrible job by combining the two as no aspect is memorable or effective. A very bad movie on which I have trouble saying anything good. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the Butcher Brothers brothers were written and directed to the extreme, there is no gore here, there is a little blood splatter and some scenes of girls chained in a basement but nothing you can do yourself at home with a bottle of tomato ketchup and a camcorder. The film is not frightening and, in a very bourgeois suburb, there is neither atmosphere nor atmosphere. There is a lesbian suggesting an incestuous kiss but The Hamiltons is little exploited and there is not much to do here for the throng of horrors. <br /> <br /> Filmed in Petaluma, California, it has this modern low-budget look, it's not bad but rather forgettable. The game of unknown actors (for me) has nothing to say and I can not say that I have never felt anything for anyone. <br /> <br /> The Hamiltons commits the crucial sin of being both dull and boring. that he never recovers. Add to that an ultra-thin story, no gore, an end in the trash and a character you do not tell and you have a movie that did not impress me at all.
