Think of this pilot as "Hawaii Five-O Lite". It's an action / adventure crime drama, lots of scenes featuring boats and palm trees, polyester fabrics and gaudy shirts ... she even stars the character actor "Zulu" in a second role. Oh, there are some minor differences - Roy Thinnes is supposed to be a frontline infiltrator, and the secondary cast is much smaller (and less interesting), but deep down, the atmosphere is still the same. The problem is that "Hawaii Five-O" (another QM product) already existed at the time and had been working for years. It has responded fairly well to market demand for Hawaii-based police drama. Code name: Diamond Head may have been conceived as the hierarchical link with H50 because the old series ended up disappearing ... but it appears as a superfluous and second order copy. It does not suck, but it's completely derivative and does nothing as good as the original. <br /> <br /> There is a decent actor talent involved here. Thinnes is an old pro, and he gives the role his best shot, and he is not bad. But Thinnes is only as good as his equipment and his director. Ian McShane is here as the evil master spy named "Tree", and McShane tends to be the most interesting actor of all the scenes in which he appears. But he calls his role here. Frances Ngyuen has a reasonably exotic appearance, but her incredible fineness, opaque features, thick accent and woody look are not the dream material. Relying on her to provide "the romantic interest" to Thinnes was probably the biggest mistake of the series. At least for a series aimed at a high white audience with Marsha Brady and Peggy Lee as our goddesses of love. Give her another 30 books and a year with a dialogue / voice coach, and she could cut it. Zulu is, well, his usual little pleasure, but he is not a person who can wear a feature film alone. <br /> <br /> In addition, the plot and the dialog box are strictly numbered, nothing distinguishes them from the other productions of Quinn Martin. And at that time, the American TV audience had seen a lot of QM productions ... I think "CN: DH" was one too many, and it sank without a trace. This is not really the fault of the actors, and I hope that it escaped them with a decent salary and one more entry on their resume. <br /> <br /> The MST3000 took over this activity for their treatment in their sixth season, and they had a lot of fun with it. It's worth looking into this version if you appreciate the MST approach of movie projection and thunder, but I can not imagine anyone caring for this pilot for any other reason.
