As others have mentioned, this film is similar to THE FLY (both versions) and the less known science fiction film ALTERED STATES. The big difference is that both films were made by people who knew what they were doing and who excelled. Metamorphosis did not have these advantages. METAMORPHOSIS is a potentially interesting science-fantasy story, led by the wrong people and bad actors. <br /> <br /> The story follows the scientist, Dr. Peter Houseman (Gene LeBrock), an obsessed man who was working on a genetic cure for aging and death. When the university for which he works threatens to reduce his funds, he decides to inject the anti-aging serum. As a result, Dr. Houseman spends the rest of the film slowly turning into a lizard. And oh yes, watching the good doctor follow the process to become this lizard is a great joy. It's so bad that it's good. Some of the lines are classic: "What was it?" "A nightmare ... of the past!" <br /> <br /> Most of the reviews I read about this are stupid and ridiculous the last five minutes of this movie. I'll just go ahead and spoil him: the good doctor goes from half-man-half-lizard stuff to being what appears to be a man dressed in a rejected Godzilla suit, when the police finally shot him down. In the final scene, we see an odious kid with a small lizard, which, according to him, will never die, and the heroine of the film, Sally Donnelly (Catherine Baranov) obviously decides that this little lizard is the final incarnation from Dr. Houseman. The camera then gives us a close up of the face of the lizard; I guess that's the way the director shows us that the lizard is EVIL. Yes, it's crazy, but I just laughed so I can not complain. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie because it was part of the Megapack Chilling Classics 50 Movie I bought. I'm sure many who read this have done exactly the same thing, because the 50's pack is the only way to see this movie on DVD. If you recently bought the box and have not yet viewed this movie, it's definitely worth it, even if I did not ruin the end. It might also be possible to find this movie online for free.
