"Metamorphosis" has a small share of cult value, simply because it was written and directed by George Eastman. This Italian guy is more or less the personification of the male sleaze and played in almost all rancid productions of Joe D'Amato in the late 70s and early 80s. Would not it be interesting for avid Eurocult buyers to own the only film made by the guy who was walking naked in the movie "The erotic nights of the undead"? I thought so! Now, unlike the movies in which he played, Eastman's "Metamorphosis" is rather disappointing in the gore & sleaze departments. There are a handful of nasty murders, cheese monster effects and naked female bodies (a guest appearance by Laura Gemser!), But it's mostly a talkative movie. The handsome and eloquent Dr. Houseman is about to make a scientific breakthrough with his research on the codes of human DNA when, suddenly, the university for which he works fears to cancel his funds. He has developed a theory to decode genes and block the process of human aging, but if he does not produce detailed reports so soon, his research will be stopped. So, Dr. Houseman does what any smart scientist would do and injects the untested serum into his own veins. Needless to say (and as the title suggests), it slowly turns into a murderous monster that ages much faster! In other words, his research was nil! Like the other reviews already mentioned, this movie "borrows" a lot of ideas from David Cronenberg's "The Fly" ?? the dramatic romantic subplot included - but adds no originality on his part. The big difference is that you feel constantly connected to Jeff Goldblum's character in "The Fly", while Dr. Houseman becomes just another monster that needs to be destroyed as quickly as possible. The fast aging syndrome aspect also reminded me of the "ghost of death" of Ruggero Deodato's sadly underrated giallo, only the protagonist of this movie inherited the disease and did not suffer it. The physical deterioration of the supports is however very similar in the two films. Few fears or excitement to discover here, the film instead presents loads of bad action, poor lighting, a poor editing and a climax completely delayed. Do not hesitate to skip this one.
