If you have a bad day or a bad week. If you are looking for a movie that will make you laugh and forget your worries. I do not think Role Models is this movie for you. <br /> <br /> The film is centered on Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Seann William Scott). Two juice promoters, who go to schools to promote the product, tell children not to use drugs and juice But Danny is experiencing the worst week in his history and is blocking his company car. Wheeler is sitting next to him. Her ex-girlfriend, Beth (Elizabeth Banks), was able to avoid imprisoning them by doing community service, volunteering with a big brother, Sturdy Wings, led by Gayle (Jane Lynch). Wheeler is assigned to Ronnie (Bobb'e J Thompson) who is 10 years old and has a dirty mouth as if he were Chris Rock. Danny is assigned to Augie (McLovins, Christopher Mintz-Plasse) who likes to dress like a knight and fight as he is in medieval times. But will it be good for Danny and Wheeler, or will it be better in prison? <br /> <br /> Okay, I'm not going to beat around the bush, this movie was very unpleasant in many ways. Namely, Ronnie's character, hearing these black words coming from such a young child, was very shocking. If he was a little older, it would not have been so important. I mean what his parents thought when they had him signed. The character of Elizabeth Banks is so unassailable that I may have felt bad for her character, but I did not feel anything because she is described in a prejudicial manner as a woman who would play in this type of comedy. And Jane Lynch, who is the worst of the worst. It offers the most exaggerated performance ever. Play a former drug addict, who acts as if she is still taking drugs. Listening to him all this annoying dialogue made me want to throw my head against the wall. Seann William Scott once again plays the role of another Stifler character, he should really try to separate, and this movie will not do it. And the more Scott tries to be funny, that's what keeps him from being funny. <br /> <br /> Paul Rudd, on the other hand, I'm going to part with the others in the film, because he succeeds to deliver a solid performance, although he does not make you laugh anymore, but he is the character the more interesting of the rest. Because Rudd does not do too much, and do not try so hard. The scenes with him and Mintz-Plasse are visible. But the rest of the movie is so stupid that it sometimes resumes. But it becomes so predictable and uninteresting. It is a reminder that these types of comedies do not try anything new, there all the same, they take no risk. Models is an example of this.
