(Only minor spoilers, unless otherwise indicated). <br /> <br /> I recently had a lot of fun with Spanish cinema. The Spanish filmmaker Almodovar and the Latin American filmmaker Del del Toro, whose superb film "Devil's Backbone", taking place in the Spanish Civil War, was the best horror film of the last decade. It is therefore not surprising that this film is both well made, well played and manages to maintain this distinctly different Spanish atmosphere. But it's also a movie as nasty and useless as one could hope not to have to see. <br /> <br /> What is the purpose of all this? We have no real idea of ​​what drove the scary central character into his murderous madness, despite the fact that many narrative voices are taken directly from his own narcissistic diary. In a routinely unpleasant opening sequence, which took place over a decade ago, we see the central figure killing his girlfriend in a rage of jealousy and panic-control ("if I can not 'can not anyone ??'). Curiously, this is perhaps one of the best sequences in the film, but it has no perceptible relationship with its subsequent killing, which seems completely different in terms of motivation and execution. What happened to him in prison to bring about this change? We have no idea, although we later discovered, as a kind of absurd reflection, that he got a law degree while he was imprisoned. <br /> <br /> In Britain, in many of our notorious "serial killers" or "killer sex", the terrible question arises; what about the woman? Did she know or suspect what was happening? This is a question this film could have asked, and the wife actually begins to become one of the most intriguing characters. But banally, the answer to the question is very clearly: "No, she did not do it". Even when a dramatic opportunity like this is presented on a plate, the film always manages to miss it. All we get, sketched at the end at the end, is his slightly amoral state of readiness to cash in the proceeds of the sale after the event. Compare that to the incredible moment of revelation at Ten Rillington Place, where Christie's wife says, "Do you know what I mean?" thus sealing his own destiny and allowing us to cast a dismayed look at unimaginable gulfs of repressed knowledge and horrors. <br /> <br /> (Spoiler major in this paragraph). In the meantime, we are supposed to believe that the murderer himself is a criminal mastermind who completely thwarts the police, thus getting the shortest incarceration in a mental hospital before being released so that he can kill again. How exactly did he realize that? The plot becomes extremely sketchy at this point; something to do with deliberately letting some clues to the police; but how does it work, or why, or how the subsequent judicial process is going on, remains a mystery. <br /> <br /> In fact, I do not think serial killers are like that. The silence of the lambs can be comical, but ?? Lecter apart ?? his serial killers are right. They are deeply disturbed, deeply dysfunctional, profoundly inadequate; not the creepy and charming brain presented here (closely related to the equally unlikely killer of The Last Horror Movie, or even to Man Bites Dog, though it seems not to have been noticed that it was a satire). <br /> <br /> This film has little suspense and blocks the little intrigue that the plot could have generated. There is nothing useful to say about the motivations of serial killers, either in general or in the specific cultural milieu of Spain. It's nothing more than an excuse badly prepared to show a pretty misogynist violence to women. And curiously, what makes this violence even more disgusting is a certain misfire, even in its presentation. The basic character of what is actually shown makes it seem even more repulsive. A single explicit shot, at the right time, would have been infinitely more shocking and would have made everything else completely useless, thus freeing up more movie time to flesh out the gaping holes in plot and characterization. Instead, we receive only countless cliches of vulnerable young women scattered on a table in their pretty but slightly revealing. Very, very scary. I'm sorry to be rude. I love horror movies and I can tolerate even the most extreme, to the point of worrying even my partner. But I think anyone who finds this film good or interesting, even if I was at the edge of the situation. The purpose of a horror movie is to scare you; it's just lascivious. <br /> <br /> This leaves a very bad taste in the mouth. I have to give this film more than one star simply because it is executed competently, but morally, it deserves none and should never have been done.
