The disappearance takes place in the Mojave Desert with Jim (Harry Hamlin) and Patty Henley (Susan Dey), as well as their two children, Katie (Basia A'Hern) and Matt (Jeremey Lelliott), as well as Ethan (Jamie Croft ), a friend of the family. while traveling, they stop at a roadside restaurant and ask questions about a deserted old mining town on the map called Weaver. No one claims to have heard about it but it is there and the family decides to make a detour to check and take pictures. Once in town, they take pictures and take a look but when it comes time to leave their car, they will not start and they will spend the night. Looking around, they find a video tape from the camcorder that they only play to discover the film of a scared woman who tells that all her friends are gone. The next morning, their car disappeared while things take a very sinister turn. What is Weaver's secret? Will the Henles come out alive? <br /> <br /> Written, co-produced and directed by Walter Klenhard I must say that Disappearance is one of the most frustrating films I have ever watched. For the first 85 minutes it was a pretty good mysterious mix of thriller and horror film, but then we have one of the worst results in our history. The scenario suggests many different things, but never specifies or confirms & I was sitting there, truly intrigued by what was happening, from the mysterious family car, the four recent graves, the thing in the abandoned mines, the supernatural sandstorm, the sudden & unexplained disappearance of Ethan & its equally unexplained reappearance, the sheriff's sinister motives, the compass of the car going crazy, the plane crashed, the townsmen denying Weaver existed & the possible side effects of a neutron bomb dropped near Weaver in the 1940s but they are all thrown out the window and for what we know, it could have been totally separate random events. Everything was going well and was planned for a big revelation, but none was imminent and I was rather treated with the most ambiguous, strange, surreal and frankly frustrating end possible. If nothing else, the end contradicts much of what has been done before and leaves the viewer more questions than answers. It's almost as if the creators had these good ideas but did not know what to do with them and just finished on the spot. I just felt that I was putting so much effort into watching the film, which can sometimes be quite slow without reward, and in fact the end looks more like a kicking in the teeth or a good two-finger salute ! <br /> <br /> The director Klenhard does a reasonable job here, the old ghost town has a certain atmosphere and the vast expansive desert expanses give a good impression of isolation. It's well done but what were they thinking with this end? Nothing goes, nothing makes sense and it's just a huge, frustrating mess that after going through the thing for almost an hour and a half, you're confused and want to know more. Although it is a horror movie, there is no blood or blood, even if there are one or two scary moments here and there. The film is actually reminiscent of The Hills Have Eyes (2006) because that's what the movie is designed to be a weird ending that does nothing to close the movie. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is good with high production values, good special effects, scenery, locations and cinematography. Located in America but filmed in South Australia. The acting game is good for a decent casting. <br /> <br /> The disappearance is a really strange film. For a long time, it has the shape of a little horror thriller, but it never explains anything that happens and is not really surreal. this end raises more questions than answers. I really do not see anyone doing the head or the tail, I really can not.
