This production has never really started for me. The plot is so cut that it is disjointed and the production is so short that if you have not read the novel or seen a better adaptation (like that of 1995 with Amanda Root), you will be a little lost because there is no time for character development. <br /> <br /> I loved Sally Hawkins as Anne, but the rest of the cast did not live up to what it should have been. Mrs. Croft was way too old, as was Anne's older sister, Elizabeth. Mary has said everything in such throbbing accents that the perversity and selfishness of her character have been lost. Much better was Sophie Thompson's Mary, whose selfishness and sense of mischief are so well established that when Wentworth suggests that Anne stay with the injured victim, Mary and Mary object that she should, as a beauti- Louisa's sister, stay in the place. Do not imagine a less qualified person to do it. In this version, it could just as well remain because it is insufficiently differentiated from anyone in the production. <br /> <br /> Rupert Penry-Jones is nice to watch, but he did a lot better St. John Rivers (1995 Jane Eyre), probably because this character required less depth of feeling. I agree with the comments made earlier about the concert scene: it was more like he was trying to get rid of Anne than to do him a favor. Similarly, the scene of the accident: everything happens so fast and with so little context, one wonders what is all this fuss. And moving the speech that Wentworth hears in the novel at the beginning of this production is a critical misstep that only contributes to the disjoint nature of the script. <br /> <br /> My other problem with this version was lighting. Sometimes everything looked like a scene from the ITUC morgue - very very blue. Other times, the lighting was so bad that it was hard to tell the scene, as when Anne visits her old school friend, Mrs. Smith (who is supposed to be more or less paralyzed). Anne in the street to tell him that Mr. Elliot's horrible character was such a violation for a minute, I could not imagine who she was - I thought she was one of the girls in Musgrove. were almost interchangeable). And the race scene at the end ... at a time when decency was paramount, it's hard to imagine the sweet Anne tearing Bath everywhere like a crazy hoyden. How stupid can you be? Too bad. Sally Hawkins had all the ingredients of a good Anne Elliot, but she was completely blocked by a badly organized scenario and too truncated production.
