I did not really want to look at this one. It seemed like an old Raj Kanwar movie that had disgusted me even before I started to watch it because I do not consider it so close to being mediocre as a filmmaker. The only reason I chose this one is obviously the appearance of Shahrukh Khan in the movie. I did not even know what the film was about, because I was sure it would be just an ordinary fairy tale. So, I just imagined a love story between Shahrukh Khan and Divya Bharti with an important supporting role of Rishi Kapoor who I believe would embody his father or uncle. And to my shock, Rishi Kapoor is actually the hero! He is the one who romances with young Divya! I was saddened to learn that Shahrukh had no little substance and that too, only in the second part of this silly movie. <br /> <br /> Let me just repeat the question: why 17 years old - The old and lovely Divya fell in love with a puffy pig with long hair, over 40, like Rishi Kapoor? Rishi Kapoor should be ashamed to play this role; the only thing he's done is to ridicule himself. He met a girl who could logically be younger than his own daughter and make matters worse - behaving like a teenager in his forties. In addition to that, just to make himself more pathetic, he plays a pop-star ... <br /> <br /> To clarify, I have no problem with actors who make love and who are much younger than themselves. As long as they are a convincing couple, there should be no problem. In fact, the main actors were always opposed to young girls (Amitabh Bachchan-Sridevi, Mithun Chakraborty-Madhuri Dixit, Shahrukh Khan-Deepika, Salman Khan-Sneha Ullal) and made very good pair. In addition, I have nothing against Rishi Kapoor, I think he's a good actor and his role in Bobby is still etched in my heart, but it's not that he looks like in this film to Shahrukh Khan, Salman Khan or Aamir Khan looks today. <br /> <br /> It was such a disappointment. Oh, and as to why each person watched this movie, Shahrukh Khan made a good start. He excelled in the few things that his part allowed him to do. The late Divya Bharti has also made a promising debut. If you want to watch this movie, opt for the second half only. Personally, I would not even do that.
