I am not one of those who will come out of a film based on sources and automatically say: "The book was better". I know it's better than reducing the value of a movie simply because it was not a faithful adaptation. There is a long process and many decisions to make a film are sometimes beyond the control of the director / publisher / filmmaker / producer and certainly the control of the original author. Therefore, it is unreasonable to expect a film to be exactly the same, word for word, as a book, a play or a video game, Disneyland Ride or whatever! A film must be judged according to its own criteria and its place in society. In addition, a successful film must be produced because the material is relevant to the society to which it belongs and, if it is based on the source material, its relevance needs to be re-examined and improved by the filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Films like There Will Be Blood follow this paradigm, because if it was based on a novel written at the beginning of the century, Oil!, it seems relevant because of elements such as the war in Iraq and energy concerns. The country of origin of the film, the United States, was and is currently experiencing. Even King Kong, based on the original film, benefits from the use of new technology and animal rights concerns. <br /> <br /> That said, I just do not understand why they even bothered to make this movie. ? In addition to the outstanding performances, guaranteed Oscar rewards and fees and royalties from Shanley's director / screenwriter, this film seems to come from nowhere. It should have just remained like a game. The film (which is essentially identical to the play) says nothing new about the reprehensible sexual atrocities committed and, in many cases, concealed by the Catholic Church here and abroad . It says nothing new or different from the original piece. I can not help but compare this film to another film that was released at about the same time: Frost / Nixon, which was also based on a play. Frost / Nixon, regarding Nixon's regrets, seems relevant because it seems to have come at a time when President Bush was about to leave office. Nixon's regrets about the war and his presidency, as described in the play / film, may well reflect Bush and his presidency. In this respect, Frost / Nixon seemed more relevant and actually benefited from wider distribution through the film because it allowed people to talk and reflect on the political status quo in the country at the time . On the other hand, Doubt had the impression that it was the news of yesterday and that it did not seem to offer anything that the room did not offer. <br /> <br /> Of course, the film is "good", the performances are exceptional and the adaptation to the scenario is appropriate, but then what? Why did not it stay like a play? Why, apart from commercial and financial reasons, make a film? It did not give the public anything new to discuss this dreadful subject.
