The Oscar season has arrived, so it means that many powerful, engaging and deep-set feature films are scattered throughout the movie theaters in the hope of winning an audience and having the opportunity to win the prize for the best movie. Among them is this film based on a very popular piece and very applauded. The original playwright was actually the author and director of the film adaptation; who comes like a double-edged sword. On the one hand, who could better translate the piece than the original author? On the other hand, who is better placed not to see the errors and disadvantages of the play and attach to it than the original writer? The doubt mixes an excellent acting and a lot of tension and suspense; with a frustrating end, a useless dialogue, a dubious staging and, of course, an inability to provide substantive answers. It is a growing trend among these "high caliber" films not to answer all the questions it poses, and that must stop. <br /> <br /> Doubt is like a joke without a typing line, like a book with The last 20 pages missing, like losing the reception while watching the fourth quarter of a highly contested football match, and not not have the 50 cents to continue playing the arcade game and see what will happen next. Doubt, just like the former precedent of Best Picture Frustrationfest, No Country For Old Men, does not really end; it does not give us many answers or enough for us to find the end. Yes, that was the intention, but it's not a test of humanity, it's a loophole. I do not pay money to see an unfinished business, I pay money to see a beginning, a middle and an end, and pray that I do not fall asleep during the three acts. We are forced to become the "scriptwriters" of the film by completing ourselves what has happened before and what will happen to the characters we have seen screaming to shout at them. <br /> <br /> This little drama speaks of a nun (Meryl Streep) who seems very sure that the beloved priest (Philip Seymour Hoffman) makes sexual advances in favor of a child who goes to church; the first African-American boy in the Catholic Church. The church is secretly torn apart to know if it really commits any heinous sins behind everyone's back. The plot is complicated when some children begin to behave differently, which draws the attention of a young teacher (Amy Adams). The story unfolds right after the assassination of John F. Kennedy, who shook the country for a long time and questioned their faith in humanity and to each other. <br /> <br /> as well as the always engaging suspense that builds slowly and never overflows. Streep seems to be worthy of the Oscars in all her roles, and here she is no exception, as her severity and cold-cold behavior create deep fear among all students and church staff. Hoffman again excels as a priest by successfully linking a suspicion to a charming personality and a friendly aura. The seemingly hypocritical personality is difficult to master, especially when we are supposed to love him and meditate on him at the same time; but Hoffman speaks to one of the best actresses of our generation and gives fantastic results. When these two quarrel, you can hear the fireworks without ever seeing a launch. But let's not forget Amy Adams (Enchanted) and Viola Davis (Law Ad Order) for their great work either. The casting group of Doubt is among the best of 2008. <br /> <br /> However, as indicated previously, it is the writing and the staging which ruin this film, in particular when the third act is in drop. Questions appear, but we do not answer them. The characters appear, but bring no real improvement to the plot. Children behave differently, but we never really find out why. There are annoying angles in the work of the camera and there is no real reason for it. John Patrick Shanley, the author of the play, had already made a film in his repertoire: Joe Versus the Volcano. Whether it's arrogance or stupidity, we're stuck watching random, endless conversations, an annoying conversation that's bored with speed (there was a two-minute discussion of coffee and the amount of coffee). sugar that the priest wanted) thanks to Mr. Shanley. <BR/> <br /> Conclusion: The absence of end is a silly trend that is just as irritating as the striking camera work in action movies. It does not matter whether we have a large cast of talented actors, a decent cinematography, or a good story on which we work, or a good use of sound and music; because we have a lot of unanswered questions that cover a movie of more than 100 minutes and that do not even end! The translation of the game into a movie is good and quite accurate, because we have the original fools behind the project - but he also took the stupid mistakes and hiccups from the play to the movie. This decade saw its share of blockbusters and high-profile films that could have given me a much higher score if they had just added a few extra minutes of film and ended like this: Sideways, Cast Away, No Country For Old Men, Burn After Reading are some examples. <br /> <br /> Newsflash: end your shabby movie. Please or at least give a good amount of clues so that we can easily fill the void (like Wall-E's depressing backstories), instead of looking in space as credits suddenly begin to roll and that you end up with a feeling of emptiness, confusion, and mental anguish. Have a start, middle and end please !! As a critic, I prefer that my films be complete and not incomplete. Doubt is incomplete, which is why he gets an incompetent grade. <br /> <br /> Someone has to break this stupid trend.
