The intergalactic criminal Kol (Ross Hagen) has been sentenced to death and is awaiting execution on a spacecraft designed for this purpose. But tonight there's going to be a jailbreak, and Kol runs off into an ideally placed evacuation pod and flies off to Earth (which is apparently nearby). There he faces a group of "teenagers" (who are thirty) and a gamekeeper (John Phillip Law), who help him protect him from his worst nightmare ... the bounty hunter and Android hangman (or more exactly "gynoid") the Alienator. <br /> <br /> On the cover of the box, I was confident it would be a horrible movie. But, as horrible as it was, it was a ton of fun (probably at least partly because I was watching it with someone who happens to be extremely impressive). The director (Fred Olen Ray), who has specialized in producing more than a hundred low-quality films (including "Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers"), does what he does best and organizes together a scenario that only gives of meaning and gives us effects. Bonus: P.J. Soles appears (under the name "Tara"), obviously at a low point of his career. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are holes in the plot. Why are there hillbilly rednecks in California (so-called Los Angeles County if I understood the keeper). What's up with the woman's clingy blouse of space? Why is there a subplot about the ship's captain trying hard to win his heart when this story is not going anywhere? What is the devil "Quadrant 5"? How does a chicken wire create an electromagnetic field that bypasses an android while anti-personnel mines do practically nothing? Why does Kol look like an Amerindian football player drunk with emphysema? And the guy from Lund (Robert Clarke) ... does his character even have a point? Does the game he plays with the captain have a point? Does this film have a point? But the biggest mystery is the android (or gynoid) Alienator, played by Teagan Clive. What is a "alienator"? Why does he look like Daryl Hannah from "Blade Runner", but much bigger? Because, you see, if something is a cyborg, it's partly human. But if it's an Android, it's all machine. It was an android, so there was no reason to give it a human aspect. It could have looked like anything. Yet, the person who designed it made him the size of a linebacker, with David Bowie's hair and a leotard that just shows me a little too much. If you want to make an android woman, would not the goal be to seduce her and attract her enemies? Mission not accomplished. They say that beauty comes in all shapes and sizes, but I think I have found a huge exception. <br /> <br /> If "Mystery Science Theater 3000" still existed today, this film would appear on a very limited list of films that need to be harangued. <br /> <br /> Beyond the nasty Alienator (sorry, Teagan, bodybuilders are disgusting), the movie is fine. Maybe there is not a lot of history and maybe the characters are not really interesting. And maybe the scene with the deer is incredibly adorable for no particular reason - what use does a killer robot have with a deer? But overall, I liked the movie. I will not clean up with my friends or rush into my local video store to take the latest DVD copy (which, I'm sure, contains only amazing features, but not at all). But I consider that the time spent in this film has been well spent and I look forward to similar adventures in the future.
