Directed a year before ILSA, BLACKSNAKE could easily have been called SUSAN, SHE-WOLF OF PLANTATION and probably inspired the producers behind the Nazi epic of sexual exploitation to pursue their most infamous movies identical: a gorgeous blonde woman, horny, with a strong (but stupid) head degrades and kills many people under her control, that all hate her and want to see her dead. Sound familiar? Director Russ Meyer and David Friedman, the producer behind the ILSA films, are good friends and began their careers together. So, obviously, there is a link. Looking at BLACKSNAKE, I can not help but think that Russ Meyer wanted to move on and do something other than his typical big-breasted female epics, because XXX movies were all the rage in the mid-1970s, and movies Russ Meyer, though filled with nudity and perversity and violence have never been so close to real porn. His films began to look really quaint alongside DEEP THROAT and other intrepid porn blockbusters. Meyer knew he could not compete with such films and BLACKSNAKE is somehow the result of such a dilemma in his career. He obviously wanted to go into various unexplored territories. But BLACKSNAKE bombed at B.O. and Meyer quickly returned to the production of VIXEN-type movies that, while still not pornographic, were far more delusional than any of his previous films. <br /> <br /> That's not surprising. BLACKSNAKE was a BO failure. It's just terrible. Trash-o-rama. Jaw-droppingly bad. It's an almost camp-like take on slavery, if you can imagine it. The end result is shocking. One minute we are in Meyer's typical territory: exuberant, playful and ridiculous, then the next minute, an extremely serious meditation on slavery and violence. Huh? It does not work. The aspect of slavery / racism is unfortunately poorly managed and shifts this film into the category of real exploitation. But BLACKSNAKE is not as sordid as ILSA SHE WOLF OF SS and this kind of movies, so I guess fans of the latter were disappointed, which would explain the lack of interest of this film, that it be operating fans or Russ Meyer. Meyer blames BLACKSNAKE's failure because, and I quote, "he did not have enough breasts." Well, I'm sorry Russ, but the movie is just bad, chest or not. But he is right, however, about the low breast quota. With the exception of Anouska and the maid, the cast of the film is male. Meyer replaces his usual group of generous girls with a multitude of massive pecs, in the form of anonymous black actors playing slaves and the great David (Darth Vader) Prowse. And with Anouska's right-hand man, described as an unscrupulous but intelligent homosexual who enjoys the power he has over men, one can only wonder what Meyer was really trying to create here. <br /> <br /> BLACKSNAKE star David Warbeck, who is coveted by Anouska and his right arm. Poor David. He looks completely confused by all the experience. He seemed to have fun making the movie but you can clearly see that sometimes he has no idea what's going on. And then there is Anouska Hempel. She is a beautiful woman ... for the 1970s, not for the 1870s. With her makeup and her hair, she looks like a typical British pin-up girl of the 1970s as a dominatrix of the turn of the century. And his wardrobe is hilarious. At one point, she really decompresses her leather boots! I did not know they had zippers at that time. But the character she plays is in itself very degrading (no pun intended). It is only a number on the object of lust and contempt of all men (and this woman) of the island. For example, one night, while David and Anouska are attacking his son, his annoying slave driver enters the room, knocking out unconscious David and trying to rape her, feeling her savagely. The next day, the slave driver is still working for Anouska and the two are acting as if nothing had happened. It's totally ridiculous. In any event, if his character had been a real person, Anouska would have whipped the insane slave driver and kicked him off the island. Or even killed him. But the fact that the woman keeps it in his plantation after having tried to violate it stretches the meager history and credulity of the characters. <br /> <br /> Such ridiculous details like this, and the BLACKSNAKE blazing angle is a strangely unpleasant but viewable movie. Visible in the variety of train wreckage. I just could not help but watch the film for the most unfounded aspects of it all (the excellent kind of cinematography makes it easier to watch). So, being an exploitation film, I guess he managed to do what he was supposed to do. But BLACKSNAKE is mainly for Russ Meyer's completists.
