At a time when the constitution and principles upon which the United States was founded are trampled by an administration desperately seeking to divert attention from its own internal problems, where the Geneva Convention, human rights and Foreign sovereignty is ignored, the thriller about the state taking illegal action far beyond that of the terrorists they fight might seem appropriate. However, if you want to see a movie about it, try Ed Zwick's THE SIEGE, because it's a flaw, because NADA is one of the most childish "political" thrillers ever made. Like Robert Altman's PRET-A-PORTER, the director tackled a subject that he seems completely ignorant of and imprints his ignorance on almost all frames. <br /> <br /> Terrorists form a group of extremely unconvincing stereotypes - Fabio Testi dresses up as if he were auditioning for MAD Magazine's "Spy vs. Spy" band, Michel Duchaussoy behaves like an absurdity of Professor of Sociology of Hell, Mariangela Melato, a cardboard revolutionary of the middle class - who behaves well every unconvincing plot turns as if they wanted to be caught. Corrupt authorities are doing a little better, but they are still painted in an unconvincing way. <br /> <br /> It's possible to make a smart movie about idiots (see ELECTION), but it's a stupid movie about idiots made by people who think they are intellectuals who talk to the masses . In truth, if we were to recast Testi, Duchaussoy and Melato with Jim Varney, Johnny Knoxville and Shannon Tweed, the result would actually be to enhance the intellectual content of the film, not to lower it. <br /> <br /> Chabrol could He just ran away with his characters and events if he took them seriously, but his staging is so inept (the fight scenes would embarrass a kindergarten class while the filming of the kidnapping would be more inept than that of the kidnapping itself) and its inability to obtain its To interpret with at least some approximation of recognizable human behavior, so blatant that it is actually embarrassing to look at (mention Duchaussoy's special feature: so good in Chabrol's The Bastard, he's incredibly bad here in a performance <br /> <br /> Chabrol made some great movies, but you'll never guess because of this amateurish mess - a newcomer to his work would never want to see another of his movie films after that, which would be a real shame, complete drivel, and a sad waste of potentially interesting material. ten - and it's very generous.
