I watched a few episodes of this show and found some pretty interesting stuff, considering the medical facts that can be learned. But this is totally upset and ruined by the endless immoral relationships of the characters in the series. Everyone seems to have slept with just about everyone, even during office hours, which is ridiculously unrealistic. There does not seem to be a single marriage or strong and lasting relationship in the whole show - everyone is broken and on the lookout - it's not really a reflection of all Americans. Indeed, there is a complete lack of respect for marriage or monogamy and it is really complete. <br /> <br /> Then we are confronted with innumerable moral "dilemmas" that are usually solved in such a way as to belittle anyone who does not agree with the degenerate management and staff, who knows perfectly well, of private practice. For example, in one of the last episodes, we were shown an extremely rare situation where a baby is born with an uncertain sex and Addison absolutely refuses to operate because we are supposed to let the baby decide on her sex later. . Anyone who disagrees with this idea is described as immature and stupid. <br /> <br /> And I think anyone opposed to abortion would be offended by the way the series deals with pro-life. Addison noted that no man was allowed to have an opinion on the issue and that only one black character had the dignity to have opposed abortion for moral reasons. The general feeling was that if you opposed abortion, you are a monster - hardly the popular feeling in the United States. Two of the main characters in the series nonchalantly mention having aborted when they were younger and having no excuses or regrets, despite the fact that research has shown that women can experience intense depression. In addition, a girl goes to the clinic to have an abortion, then thanks the staff as they leave and someone talks about it as she did to help this young person and it was like an opportunity to exaltation. The script could have been written by Planned Parenthood. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is a cheap show that lacks a future unless it decides to present more real relationships rather than absolutely incredible relationships between soap operas and medical situations good whole show.
