The Choke debuts in a rock band known as The Choke, which is preparing for a concert at a club called "Club 905" owned by Guy Johnson (Andrew Parker). Singer Dylan (Sean Cook) and guitarist Mike (Jason McKee) plan to announce to other band members London bassist (Brooke Bailey) and drummer Nancy (Tom Olson) that they are both going solo and that their services will not be. to be needed longer. Once at the club, Dylan gets ready but Mike does not show up and the show turns out to be a disaster. Then, when the group thinks that the situation could not get worse, he finds a corpse in the cellar, all the doors are locked so they can not go out and they can not trust anyone while a mysterious murderer begins to pick One after the other ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Juan A. Mas The Choke is a classic teen slasher that really has nothing to envy. The Jessica Dolan & Susannah Lowber screenplay (not too many horror movies written by ladies ...) contains a surprisingly good character and a clever dialogue, but it is far better than many modern shots on a camera. Horror type in this respect, it is so slow and boring that even some interesting characters can not save it. As you would expect, we use all the usual clichés of the teenager, the isolated part of the beautiful teenager who keeps separating, some murders and a really mediocre outcome that tries to imitate some something like Scream (1996) & be surprising but does not make much sense when you think logically about it (they could not have done some of the things they were supposed to do) & to make matters worse, I guessed who was the killer was quite early and even though I do not want to brag, I was there. Then there is the fact that The Choke officials felt that the audience would be entertained by showing countless scenes of teenagers walking in dark corridors. I'm sorry, but there are so many scenes like this that I can take before it starts to get tedious. The number of victims is low, in the beginning, they all decide to stay together (good idea), but then they all decide at random to separate and separate (bad idea when a killer is at liberty), the rhythm is lethargic, the movie scenes are not imaginative and, to top it off, the end of the shoot is mediocre. <br /> <br /> The director Mas has no problem, the film looks OK for most, although there have been rare occasions when he used a boring post. editing technique such as slow motion or image jump. The blood levels are not up to par, there is blood splatter, a guy with a hole in his chest, a few corpses and a person impaled on metal poles. Most murders occur off screen with the ax in the end, a good example of the movie showing nothing in reality. Since the film is about a rock band, there is a pretty rock soundtrack that contains horrible and horrible songs. I'm sorry rock fans, but to my ears, this shit is just noise pollution. It's not scary, there's no real atmosphere and the lack of blood and blood is just inexcusable when the rest of the movie is so bad. <br /> <br /> With a supposed budget of around $ 1,000,000, The Choke is well done with reasonable values ​​for production, it seems inexpensive to be safe, but not as cheap as many movies Horror at Low Budget Look Apparently shot in a place called Spokane in Washington. The acting is one of the highlights of the film, it's pretty good in general, I mean, no one's going to win an Oscar, but it's not half bad. <br /> <br /> Choking is a routine. Scrasher style teen slasher who has one of the weakest terminations ever and a criminal lacks blood, blood, violence, nudity and corpses. I mean, if a slasher does not have sex or gore, then what's the point? These are the only things that the average slasher deserves to watch, right?
