"Carriers" follows the exploits of two guys and two girls in a stolen Mercedes with the warrior words of the road on the hood, along the road to the beach with the surfboards attached to the top of the car. Brian (Chris Pine of "Star Trek") drives and his girlfriend Bobby (Piper Perabo of "Coyote Ugly") has a shotgun, while Brian's younger brother, Danny (Lou Taylor Pucci of "Fanboys") and his friend - not exactly girlfriend - Kate (Emily VanCamp of "The Ring 2") occupy the backseat. This quartet of characters in their twenties lives a nightmare. Apparently, a viral pandemic - co-directors and co-writers Alex Pastor and David Pastor tell us absolutely nothing - has devastated America. Naturally, the lack of exposure minimizes at least fifteen minutes that would have slowed down this cynical melodrama about how humans degenerate into crisis and become their worst enemies. This deadly virus gives you shingles so you bleed and die. Most people run around wearing white masks attached to their noses and mouths with a thin elastic band. Initially, this foursome meets a desperate father, Frank (Christopher Meloni of "Runaway Bride"), and his pretty little daughter Jodie (Kiernan Shipka of "Land of the Lost") blocking the road with their SUV. Brian bypasses Frank when he tries to misplace them, but in the process, the oil pan in their Mercedes breaks and they find themselves on foot. Reluctantly, they ride with Frank after sealing Jodie in the back of the van. She wears a mask on her nose and mouth and is stained with blood. Frank has heard that doctors treat sick people in a hospital and go there. Unfortunately, someone lied to Frank. The hospital doctor gives these children Kool-Aid to help them get out of their misery. The cure did not improve their condition. Everyone in town is dead. Kate tries unsuccessfully to get a tone on each phone. Frank realizes his daughter has no hope and lets the heroic foursome take over her SUV and take off. <br /> <br /> Indeed, "Carriers" is a depressing film about the effects of one in four pandemics. friendly people who degenerate into murderous killers to protect themselves. They reach a country club and have fun on a golf course until four other people appear in suits and masks with shotguns. Incredibly, our protagonists manage to escape without being shot, but Brian is scared when he almost falls into the water with a floating corpse. Eventually, they discover that one of them has been infected. Later, when they are on the verge of running out of gas, Brian blocks the freeway as Frank did at the beginning. Danny tries to prevent two elderly Christian women from driving the car. Danny says his pregnant wife is about to give birth and needs their help. Brian casts caution in the wind and attacks the ladies with his automatic pistol when they refuse to help them. Brian catches a bullet in the passenger's leg, but he kills her. <br /> <br /> No, "Carriers" is not a film about beer and pizza with which you can laugh or laugh because humor is practically nonexistent. At the end of this 84-minute film, our heroes have become villains who care only about their fate and their fate. Chris Pine impresses as Brian, who likes to have fun and his energetic performance is the only reason to stay with this hokum, while the only other known actress, Piper Perabo, is relegated to the rank of unimportant girlfriend. As a Bobby, she tragically makes the mistake of showing compassion to a dying girl and pays a terrible price. Pine's performance testifies to the fact that he can change his character to the point of putting himself before others. For the most part, Pine has the only role that gives him the ability to shoot an eighty-year-old man from careless guys into heartless men. <br /> <br /> The two directors are Spanish brothers and they never leave the flag of the momentum. Since there is no relief in sight, the "carriers" are sinking into predictability. The filmmaker "Irréversible" Benoît Debie does a fantastic job with his big-screen lens and as unsavory as this road trip becomes, Debie makes it look like a dynamic film. Apart from the lack of happy ending or closure in every sense of the word, "Carriers" suffers because he is terribly cynical. The scene where the German Shepherd attacks Danny arouses the most suspense, but even that could have been improved. Unfortunately, the Pastor brothers are not afraid of tension or suspense. When you disappear, you do not really care what happens to anyone.
