In the late 1970s, animator Don Bluth, frustrated by the release of his company, Disney, was getting out of trouble, left the Mouse House to create his own studio. His first production, THE SECRET OF NIMH, is a brilliant film that still resists today. Next are AN American QUEEN and THE LAND BEFORE TIME, both of which were directed by Steven Spielberg and have had commercial success. Although neither of these two films had the dark adult appeal of NIMH, they are still charming and enjoyable for kids and adults alike. But soon, Don Bluth had his first big failure with ALL CHIENS GO TO HEAVEN; Criticism was particularly severe about this film, and the fact that it was open alongside THE LITTLE MERMAID did not make it easy. <br /> <br /> Since the film has such a nice title, we would expect ALL Dogs go to heaven to be a nice family meal. Instead, Bluth tells a surprisingly dark story about gambling, deception, crime, mistreatment and murder. This is not a problem for an animated film, but it does call into question the fact that the film is intended for children. On the other hand, it is difficult to say whether adults will find much to appreciate in ALL DOGS GOING TO HEAVEN. In short, it's a movie with a major identity crisis. <br /> <br /> The film begins in a gloomy monastery in New Orleans. The film begins as Charlie B. Barkin, a rough German shepherd, is staged. by a car of his former casino partner, a nasty pitbull who blows the cigar, Carface. Before you know it, Charlie finds himself in paradise, though by default. Annabelle, the angel of the whippets, tells her that "all dogs go to paradise, because unlike people, dogs are generally loyal and kind". This line represents the confusing nature of the film, since the dogs in the film, the whippet aside, are presented differently. <br /> <br /> When he realizes he's been murdered, Charlie blows his way to Earth and plots to get revenge on Carface. With the reluctant help of his dachshund friend Itchy, Charlie "saves" the price of Carface, AnneMarie, a human girl who can talk to animals (to predict who will win the rat races). Charlie claims that he will help the boy find a family, but in reality, he uses his skills to earn fortunes during the race, so he can create his own more elaborate casino to knock down Carface. Although he refuses to admit it, Charlie begins to love AnneMarie ... <br /> <br /> The concept of the story is not as problematic as the execution. Apart from the human girl AnneMarie and a flamboyant musical alligator who appears about three-quarters (with Ken Page's vocal voices), none of the other characters emerge as sympathetic, nor even, frankly, deserve attention. Unfortunately, this also applies to Charlie; trying to make him an anti-hero, the script (composed of more than ten writers) only succeeds in making the character TOO UNABLE TO BE MADE. As such, the audience feels no empathy for Charlie and, even worse, his redemption at the end of the film does not seem convincing. (Burt Reynolds' disappointing and unconventional vocal performance is even more damaging to the character.) In addition to the lack of an endearing track, the other problem of the film lies in the structure of the story. The slow-paced plot jumps everywhere and is used to launch additional scenes that are only used to read the movie's running time. The aforementioned musical alligator (which resides in an idyllic sewer infested with native rats) seems to have been thrown out of nowhere, as is a scene where Charlie tries to show his generosity to AnneMarie by feeding a pack of color puppy pizza. pastel. The whole scenario looks like a first draft; a little more polishing could have made it a tighter and more powerful story. <br /> <br /> Charlie Strouse and TJ Kuenster's not-so-brilliant music numbers (AnneMarie's song and Gator's ballad are the only good ones, the latter in particular enjoying the melodious voice of Ken Page) or unequal voice distribution. As mentioned before, Burt Reynolds' lifeless and rigid Charlie goes even further in his already unattractive character (the only exception is a fiery confession to Itchy regarding his true intentions towards the end). Dom DeLuise like Itchy is very good, but he had better roles, including Tiger in AN American TAIL and Jeremy in THE SECRET OF NIMH. Ken Page, as mentioned, is great in everything he does, but his character has such a small role that his overall contribution is at best innocuous. In the same way, Loni Anderson (as a collie who once had a litter with Charlie), Melba Moore and Charles Nelson Reilly. Judith Barsi as AnneMarie is probably the only voice that seems really memorable, partly because her character is the only legitimately sympathetic of this depressing and joyless show. <br /> <br /> Barsi aside, the only good thing about ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN is the animation. Technically, this film presents some of Bluth's most imaginative visuals (by the standards of the 1980s), especially a scary scene where Charlie has a nightmare about finding himself in a fiery world ruled by a gigantic satanic canine demon. The film is a triumph of animation rather than narrative. <br /> <br /> Overall, however, I can not recommend ALL DOGS GO TO HEART as good entertainment. Although I recognize that the film has its fans and that the climax certainly provides an energy and a moving conclusion, the overall package is not in the same league as Bluth's best efforts. Animation enthusiasts will marvel at this lush art, but in the end, ALL DOGS GOING TO THE NETHERLANDS might very well leave you with a bad taste.
