I am a big fan of movies that make you think. I think about it again, seven minutes after the credits. What really confuses my neurons is the attempt to understand the relevance for the plot of the naked girl caressing her oily and oily body, made extra-sticky by being filmed on cheap video. This happens three times and I was sure that would be explained at the end. I trust the filmmakers to make this shady attempt to attract viewers worthwhile. This was not the case. <br /> <br /> The film must be the most apathetic I've met in the genre. The sets look like a cross between Dr Who's 1970s decorations and the ill-conceived idea of ​​a sponge-painted living room. The lighting is not imaginative (if your sets are going to be so bad, at least film them in a semi-darkness to hide the plasterboard and create a mood). Among the quartets removed, the girl is particularly lame, but none of them has personality. Aliens' plans for world domination are simply stupid - all they need is a contraceptive pill and their problems are solved. Most of the film is made up of people running in the corridors. Yes, it's really exciting. The special "ray gun" effect is ... curious, to say the least (what's the use of a weapon that puts a concentrated blast for 15 seconds to kill, and even then the guy comes back for have more?). The screenplay looks like a bad episode of The A-Team, and the hairstyles for ladies come from the same time. They look like school teachers instead of an advanced team of deadly alien invaders. When we finally see what extraterrestrials really look like, they are suspended animation and never even come out of their box. The resolution of the story - a racist alien has only a few words to say to the commander of the invasion fleet and returns without hesitation - is really the sign of a writer who never had an idea as complex as Saturday morning (I mean the bad ones without any conspiracy, action, or characterization) in his life. <br /> <br /> But seriously, what's up with the naked chick ?! Was it really just so they could justify putting flesh on the DVD cover to increase sales?
