Noel Coward, a spiritual and urban man, was a friend of Louis Mountbatten. Mr. Coward, a long-time admirer of the Navy, was commissioned to write a story based on the loss of the Mountbatten ship. In a particularly British way, it was considered that a film about the Royal Navy losing a meeting in sea ​​would be a good propaganda.It was also considered a good idea to make the role of the captain of the ship to Mr. Coward. speaking with a very pinchy voice and singing sophisticated sharp songs do not appear high on the list at Admiralty House, or at least you can not expect no. . Mr. Coward may have had the respect of the choir members at Drury Lane and Binkie Beaumont might have terrified him, but his ability to tame, model and direct a ship's crew in wartime must be questioned. languorously folded On the deck, frequenting the other ranks and barking at the orders of the officers, it was enough for him to wear a silk dressing-gown and a cigarette-holder to appear at home. There is much talk of the "warship as a microcosm of British society" theme, and the crew is largely made up of the usual cockney, knowledgeable northerners, and so on. without which no war can be waged. They spend most of their time aboard smoking, moaning about Lord Haw Haw and blowing themselves up. No matter, there are many more from where they come from. Once on the ground, they go straight to the pub where they spend most of their time smoking, complaining about Lord Haw Haw and blowing themselves up. In contrast, Mr. Coward lives in a dream house with a door-to-door rose, somewhere very quiet with very little chance of being blown up. She, her wife, and their two pink-cheeked cherubs chat in ridiculously complicated tones and this woman spends a lot of time knitting for the unfortunate poor who make up her This kind young master Johnny Mills plays a leading role as a kind of absolutely incredible lower deck that worships Mr. Coward in the same way as a beaten dog will venerate his master. He marries his girlfriend after kissing her on the cheek, presumably on the grounds that she may be pregnant after such unhindered passion. So, yes, here we have a microcosm of British society, but perhaps not as intended by the creators of "In which we serve". In the end, Mr. Coward has one last chance to hang out with his men while the few survivors stand next to him. "Goodbye Edwards, it was a privilege to sail with you," he says as if reciting "How Now a Brown Cow". It may have been a feature debut for David Lean, but Noel Coward's hand was prominent in this picture. He was a funny and intelligent man, better suited to writing plays about poor little boys and girls rich and boys interspersed with occasional twisted songs. He had no doubt a talent for amusing, but he could neither write nor speak of convincing dialogue. Being Noel Coward was a full-time job, he did not have time to be a real person.
