Cecil B. de Mill's Tearjerker Manslaughter of 1922 finds in the lovely Leatrice Joy a young woman with a good heart but decadent with more money than she knows what to do. His imprudence leads to imprisonment, which in turn leads to his regeneration. Thomas Meighan is the District Attorney who led a personal crusade to bring out the kindness and purity of Lydia (Joy), but he is hijacked by alcohol and once released, it's up to her to save him! > <br /> If the plot does not sound too bad, you will be overwhelmed by the sad presentation. The quality of the management of deMille is very weak and it shows no special skills of its own. Photography is standard and flat, and editing is not much more dynamic. It could easily be classified as a fashion show and be quite correct. DeMille dresses Miss Joy in so many different types of clothing (evening gowns, golf suits, automobile suits, heaps of furs), that her subtitle could be 'The fashion of 1922' <br /> Another disappointment that photography or editing or direction is the acting game, which is mostly flat and wooden. When this is not the case, it is simply silent gestures, eye roll, frowning eyebrows and deliberate pointing and arm movements. What would have been animated for modern viewers by the aggression and chewing of some of the worst silent films, is here dull to watch. The only successful retailer in all forms of excellence is Lois Wilson, who is not only beautiful but able to play her role naturally. She is convincing and endearing in her watery close-ups, provided she does not read the card of the moralizing title that follows once she has opened her mouth to speak. As I said, everyone is stunned, Joy, Meighan, even Julia Faye. Her performance here shows why she never reaches true celebrity. <br /> <br /> The worst and most fun part of this movie is its moralistic and heavy tone. The character of Meighan has many intertitles where he tells how the American youth declines in his moral attitude and goes back to the decadence of Rome. (insert absurd flashback) The moralization of this film has been described as Victorian, but it is further than that. It has so little scope in reality that I feel that the audience of that time did not take it more seriously than modern viewers could. <br /> <br /> This film is exactly what the stranger tends to think 'typical' silent film, with its archaic moral structure, its wooden acting and its bad direction. DeMille shows that he could be a terrible director, without any idea of ​​rhythm, camera placement, or skill in the treatment of the screenplay or actors. I can not think of any common sense person who takes this seriously. Boring, slow and silly, I recommend it to dorks of silent movies like me.
