All day, I look at the dinosaurs and they all have the same fundamental problem the same day. <br /> <br /> They do not believe in guns. They just do not seem to have been told about them or anything like that. Bullets are coming out of the dinosaurs! It may be because they disappeared millions of years before the invention of gunpowder, and the laws of physics were simply different at the time ... Aah, no. Come on. If they are close enough to operate chemically today, they should be vulnerable to fast (even subsonic) projectiles. It's that simple. <br /> <br /> Look, alligators and crocodiles, the toughest skin reptiles on the planet, are completely vulnerable to basic gunfire. They are nothing magical. You can shoot with a pistol through the heavy scales on the back. They do not take piercing bullets or anything special. Small balls penetrate them, they do not kill them. A little (but not REALLY) big balls are preferred because the challenge (as with most game) is to kill the animal at once so that it does not run. (Hunters consider it immoral to allow prey to escape and die without harvesting.) <br /> <br /> Most animals, including predators, are easily repelled by blows. fire. Between the noise and the pain of a non-lethal wound, most will flee. Big bears are an exception, they are so brave that they are simply enraged by lethal wounds. Cape buffaloes are considered extremely dangerous because they are well known for charging when they are injured. We saw the video of the big bulls of a herd of Cape buffaloes saving a calf of a pride of lions. A big cat will run if he can, but if he can not, he will charge as a final act of despair. We do not know where a T.Rex is in this spectrum. Their behavior has simply not been observed. With these larger animals, hunting safely involves applying a sufficiently large and powerful projectile and / or using several sufficiently quickly to counter its load. With a T.Rex, of course, this could be a serious problem. I saw a T.Rex skull (they have one in the downtown museum) and a gun big enough to shoot, which might not be practical Chewing the neck with a lot of small fires could be a problem. more viable approach. Small balls always "penetrate" them, they do not bounce just because the animal is too big to kill easily! <br /> <br /> So here we have Cortez and his men (apparently the famous Mexican campaign, apparently) captured by Americans and to be sacrificed on the pyramid. It seems that all these human sacrifices were aimed at appeasing the bloodlust of the pair of T.Rexes who terrorized the continent during the day. Rather than simply having a heart cut and being fed on lizards, Cortez et al. Persuade the Aztecs to let them hunt and kill them. OK, maybe they do not have M-16s like the guys in the "Carnosaur" series, but they have _do_ flints, crossbows, pointed sticks (big trees) and swords. It may be a little less irregular than squads of soldiers in cars, but they have several types and I would bet quickly on a dinosaur. Oh, wait, there's a gun, about a 4-inch. This is just the ticket to break the skull of a Tyrannosaurus! So they set a trap with a squad of men, cannons, and sharp sticks in a ravine and draw the first T.Rex, using a pretty brown girl as bait. Cortez noted that they will NOT have time to recharge. They will have to close the stove until they are certain of their goal. T.Rex totally ignores their flint flock, and we see both a crossbow _and_ the cannonball _bounce_! Forget it. End of credibility. A crossbow would defeat the armor of Cortez's torso, and a 4 "cannonball could penetrate the hull of a wooden boat! Is it believed that a whale could withstand a 4" cannonball? And here is T.Rex, still standing, not even bleeding. So, Cortez pulls him into the ravine, where he falls on sharp sticks, which (I suppose by magic) penetrate and kill him. Yaaay, pointed sticks! <br /> <br /> The dinos are not totally immune to the shots - they manage to extinguish the second eye with a pistol. It kills, so it's not as bad as a bear or a buffalo, at least in the movies. <br /> <br /> They kill the second dinosaur with a bomb - made from a gourd filled with powder and precious stones. My money would always be on the barrel. Its function is to concentrate all the energy of the powder in one direction - towards the target. A bomb is a much more diffuse force application. A real bomb (NOT a gourd bomb) has a steel case that contains the explosion at an extremely high pressure. (Think: pipe bomb vs. firecracker.) A pile of flaming gunpowder will simply go to POOF. (Trust me on that one.)
