Tyrannosaurus Azteca is set in the 16th century. The famous Spanish explorer Hernando Cortes (Ian Ziering) landed in Mexico with six of his best men, including Lieutenant Rios (Marco Sanchez). They intend to claim the land in the name of Spanish. steal gold too if the opportunity arises. A few minutes later, they have a first view of the local Aztec savages, a few minutes after Cortes and his men are captured and detained. If that were not enough, it turns out that a couple of Tyrannosaurus Rex lives there and likes to eat the locals, in order to make a living, the Spanish offer to help the locals get rid of their monster problem but with various hidden agendas and ulterior motives, it's not just the dinosaurs they have to watch ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith (who, coincidentally, realized one of my favorite running movies of all time, Turkey Shoot (1982) which I highly recommend to everyone) and also more commonly known as the fictional title Aztec Rex (the title has been changed by the Sci-Fi channel when it aired maybe because the original title Tyrannosaurus Azteca looks foreign movie), it's still a 'chain of creatures', a silly and cheap looking Sci-Fi channel, and it's is all you need to know. Based on and around the real Spanish conquistador Cortés during his expedition to Mexico, the film is not aimed at historical accuracy, although I recognize that the story is trying to do something slightly different here, but finally, Tyrannosaurus Azteca is always a "creature movie". with a group of people fleeing some poor CGI graphic image of a monster despite the fact that it is at the time. I do not know what I can say, although it is established centuries ago, the usual clichés are there, those of the character are the usual cardboard cuttings, make stupid decisions and the egotistical, the heroic , the stabbing, the faceless victim who exists to be eaten and the pretty women are all here and easy to spot. The movie is predictable, silly, boring and not really entertaining at all levels although it is moving at a decent pace and there are one or two decent moments of gore if that kind of thing interests you. The story is not so good and it also has a lot of holes, it's also the kind of movie you will have completely forgotten in a few days. <br /> <br /> Now, I've seen and commented on a lot of things. Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Features' and usually the effects of the CGI computer are terrible & while Tyrannosaurus Azteca does not exactly resist the trend, I will admit that there are some special effects that look good, but they are usually ruined by absolutely horrible effects shot right after. There are some decent gore effects here too, there is a cut heart, a guy's leg is bitten, there is blood splatter, a cool shot of a guy who has left his bowel after being attacked by the dinosaur, there are some corpses seen and someone is stabbed with a spear. The T-Rex can also eat a few people. The production values ​​are really cheap, the Aztec decor looks like one of those polystyrene theme park attractions and these Spanish men must have been imprisoned in the worst enclosure in film history, the barrier being supposed to keep them lower. than the size of a man. could have just come out and run away, he was so low. <br /> <br /> With a supposed budget of about $ 900,000, I do not see where that money would go, shot in O'ahu Hawaii apparently in fifteen days. The acting is fantastic on the part of anyone I know. <br /> <br /> Tyrannosaurus Azteca is not really better than the other 'Characteristic Creatures' of the cheap science fiction channel, despite making it almost interesting and unusual In principle, this basic statement should in principle you will be enough to decide whether or not you will like this experience (probably not at all).
