EPSILON, ALIEN VISITOR, is not what I expected. It is an Australian film without budget, without special effects other than an accelerated film and cuts of fast scenes. The extraterrestrial woman (who immediately arrives at perfectly accentuated Australian speech) can "jump" from one place to another or from time to time and change her perception of the passage of time to correspond to "faster" humans. <br /> <br /> An elderly grandmother tells her two granddaughters the story a wandering man had told her 40 years ago, when an unknown "Elle" came to the planet naked and completely disoriented , unable to recognize her star in the sky ... She meets a lone man camping in the Australian outback, apparently leaving him perplexed. She is here by "mistake" and gets angry when told that she is on Earth. Earthlings are known as environmental scavengers and a metaphor for the most insulting thing imaginable for the rest of the universe: those who "breathe the stale air" but do not do so, putting his head under the sand like an ostrich. In another amusing metaphor, the earthlings are "frogs". <br /> <br /> From there, it is a film entirely devoted to dialogue, while the perplexed man tries to understand his psychology and his particular points of view, even if it calls him unintelligent and " picturesque". Man is beginning to understand that it may be irrational humans who do not think right. Yet, waiting to be "beamed" at home, she finds that this human is not totally defective in his thinking and he even falls in love with him. <br /> <br /> The perspectives dialogue is interesting in places, but all of this is associated with a ruthless environmental message and a low budget impression (there are only two main actors who jostle various scenes deserted, and the evil that plunders humans on the planet is never seen at all). The environmental message offers no solution, but presents one or two terrible metaphors about what will happen to nature and man if nothing is done. The logic does not go hand in hand: the rest of the universe has "abandoned" on Earth, but a space woman captured on Earth by mistake manages to make a positive change at the end of the film. What is a deliberately deliberate battalion of foreigners here to achieve against pollution and waste?
