This is one of those films for which the British Lottery Fund is wasting its money. The main problem is a rambling script that leads nowhere. The characters are not interesting, the story is conventional and tasteless, the only thing interesting is the location: the city of Genoa (Genoa in Italian). Having only a superficial knowledge of Genoa, I had no idea of ​​the complex alleys of the old town and the interesting city. I thought Genoa was sad. I'm glad to say that I was wrong. So, from the point of view of the travel narrative, this film has an interest. The film contains a magnificent performance of a little girl named Perla Haney-Jardine. She has already made seven films when she was only 12 years old. She therefore seems determined to make a career as an actress and, judging by her performance in this film, she should go very far, because she is natural and has a lot of talent. Colin Firth, a reliable and professional actor, was present for the shoot. When he was asked to be serious, he was serious and when he was asked to be anxious, he was distressed. But someone forgot to give him a valid dialogue. The script is a total disaster. Catherine Keener plays exceptionally well in a supportive role and sympathy comes naturally for everyone to want to receive (I would like to tell him every time I feel a cold, because I know it would make me come a soothing hot drink ). We are there: the fascinating narrow streets of Genoa, an interesting little girl and a compassionate woman. Forget the rest. The older sister played by Willa Holland is such a disgusting character that the fact that the young actress is loathsome is a disgusting tribute to the actress she would like to hear, I suppose. The idea that this family goes to Genoa to forget the unhappy death of his mother is so commonplace that if we have another film like this, all the deceased mothers have the right to complain about being exploited. If Michael Winterbottom wanted to make a film about the interest of the old quarter of Genoa, why did not he just turn to the BBC to say that he wanted to make a travel movie with a silly celebrity presenter? Why waste money on a feature film that is nothing more than a futile and winding vanity project vanity?
