I have noticed over the years that when a rock star makes his last album before his death, this album, if not the best of its kind, is usually prolific in one way or another and deserves at least to be listened to. The album is usually good enough to cement an inheritance. However, with respect to comedians, especially traditional comics who play in their own vehicles, their last movie is usually horrendous. John Belushi had "Neighbors", John Candy had "Wagon's East", Chris Farley had "Almost Heroes", Phil Hartman had "Small Soldiers", and Rodney Dangerfield had this movie. <br /> <br /> "Back By Midnight", although it may not be Dangerfield's latest film, is weak in every sense of the word. The film was completed in 2002, according to this site, and it can be said that it would have remained on the shelves if Dangerfield was still alive. I've been a big fan of Dangerfield since I was a teenager and it pains me to see how bad this movie is. <br /> <br /> What surprises me most is that many other talents have taken part in a film with a very weak premise to begin with. Dangerfield, a great comedian who has usually played his comic character in a movie, is a prison guard who houses a very unified group of inmates. When the owner of the prison, Colonel-Tom-Parker-meets the billionaire Sami-Walton Eli Rockwood (Randy Quaid), cuts the funds for the prison, the guard sends a group of inmates out of prison, robbing the eponymous convenience stores of consumer goods, and return to prison with loot. By taking what is in the convenience stores, they take (I guess) what they think Rockwood owes them. <br /> <br /> With this fragile premise, the film crackles and crashes frequently. On top of that, the jokes you think are the salvation of this movie are not even funny, not even Mr. No Respect himself. It's incredibly disappointing too, as a film with Randy Quaid, Kirstie Alley, Gilbert Gottfried, Ed Begley Jr., Oscar-nominated Yeardley Smith, and others is expected to be at least a bit funny . Instead, Quaid plays a character we've seen in countless other comedies, Alley plays a British heiress with a terrible British accent (could not this film afford to be British!?!), And each joke was poorly organized and poorly timed by practically everyone in this set. It was just not a good comedy, in the strict sense of the word. <br /> <br /> "Back By Midnight" was rated R primarily for his language (and a nudity scene). The irony in this fact is that many jokes are so insulting to the audience that even children (if you change the language) come out of this movie. Physical gags are also incredibly predictable, especially when Alley's company monkey torments the character of Quaid. When the monkey catches a pair of scissors and jumps on Quaid's couch, who does not know where that gag has been? Award-winning material here. In fact, Dangerfield has already made great timeless comedies. "Easy Money" and "Back To School" are still hilarious and absolutely not worthy of an Oscar. However, there is a difference between making a silly comedy that is funny and doing a silly comedy. With this kind of comedy, it seems that filmmakers do not even try, which is precisely the case with this lame excuse for 90 minutes lost. Stay in peace, Rodney, but add this movie to your forgotten comedies like "Meet Wally Sparks" (1997) and "The Godson" (1999). This film, if I dare say it, is not even worth seeing.
