I do not know what to make of this 2007 dramedy deformed. Trying to be a hybrid hybrid of the new millennium between On Golden Pond and The Prince of Tides, this film ends up being an erratic disorder that oscillates so mercurial between comedy and melodrama that the emotional speech always seems unexpected. The main problem seems to be the irreconcilable difference between the sentimental direction of Garry Marshall and the dark and rather confusing scenario of Mark Andrus. The story focuses on the heartbreaking relationship between mother Lilly and daughter Rachel, who traveled from San Francisco to the small town of Hull, Idaho, where their grandmother Georgia resides. The idea is to let Lilly leave the summer for Rachel under the jurisdiction of Georgia, full of draconian rules, since the 17-year-old girl has become an incorrigible hell. <br /> <br /> The organization is clear enough, but the characters are brought to tilt quickly and often inexplicably between friendly and sharp to fit the artificial contours of the plot. He moves at random in the areas of alcoholism, child abuse and dysfunctional families until the problem is solved. The three actresses of the center redeem some of the dramatic convolutions, but to varying degrees. Probably because of her off-screen reputation and her hoarse smoking voice, Lindsay Lohan makes Rachel's promiscuity and manipulative tactics palpable, though she becomes less credible as her character reveals the psychological wounds that justify her hedonistic behavior. Felicity Huffman is forced to play Lilly on two strident notes - as a petulant girl and resentment towards a mother who has never approached her and as an angry alcoholic mother who begins to acknowledge her own responsibility in the state of mind of his daughter. She does what she can with the role on both fronts, but her efforts never give the slightest effect of being a real human being. <br /> <br /> At almost seventy, Jane Fonda looks great, even if the weather beaten as she is here, and has the star presence to get away with the dimensions of the cartoon from Georgia to flint. The problem I have with Fonda's cast is that the legendary actress deserves more than a series of lineaments and maternal looks. Between this beautiful monster of 2005 and the execrable of 2005, one wonders if her best work is behind her. It is not surprising that the male counterparts of actresses are completely eclipsed. Garrett Hedlund seems a little too surf-dude like the naive Harlan, a devout Mormon whose sudden love for Rachel could delay his two years of mission. Cary Elwes plays on a suspicious familiar note as Lilly's husband, an unfortunate case where a predictable casting appears to telegraph the end of the film. <br /> <br /> There is also the omnipresent Dermot Mulroney in the morose role of the triple play wounded widower, the old flame of Lilly and the new boss of Rachel as a veterinarian of the city, the doctor Simon Ward. Laurie Metcalf barely plays the role of Paula, Simon's sister, while Hector Elizondo, a regular at Marshall, and singer Paul Williams appear in cameos. Some of Andrus's dialogues are terribly horrible, and the wobbly serialo tone never settles on what seems right. There are several little extras with the 2007 DVD, no exciting. Marshall offers a commentary track full of laconic humor. There are several deleted scenes, including three variations on the end, and a real gag. A seven-minute featurette is included, along with the original trailer, a six-minute short on the three actresses and a five-minute homage to Marshall.
