The zombie revolt begins with Armand Louque (Dean Jagger) trying to convince General Duval (George Cleveland) that his companion Tsiang (William Crowell) is a priest who has the power to hypnotize people and make them under his control , turning them into crazy zombies. (a bit like the people I really work with) Anyway, Tsiang is assassinated by Colonel Mazovia (Roy D'Arcy) but fails to acquire the know-how to turn people into zombies. General Duval organized an expedition in search of secrecy since Tsiang does not want to tell them any more. General Duval leads the expedition with his daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone), a fiancée with Louque, who also accompanies him. During the expedition, Claire deposits Louque for his friend Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), which does not please Louque. Louque finds the secret to turning people into zombies all by himself and starts using his new power to take revenge on Claire & Clifford ... Co-written and directed by Victor Halperin Revolt of the Zombies have a bad reputation and after the having watched, I can see why. The scenario of Halperin, Howard Higgin & Rollo Lloyd, all uncredited, has a good central idea but is killed by a white stone by its dullness and enthusiasm. Nothing has happened for ages and nothing happens next. The way Halperin describes his zombies is different from what the modern public would consider a zombie, these zombies are just a washed brain and an audience of moviegoers will have to wait more than thirty years before George A.Romero defines what a zombie is now considered in the night of the undead (1968). After only about an hour, the revolt of the zombies is still too long. Technically, the film is good considering that it was shot 70 years ago. Black and white cinematography is adequate, although some scenes give the impression of having been shot against a photo of the background. The acting game is wooden and largely unimpressive. The revolt of the zombies was perhaps a burning affair in 1936, but it is not well dated and in 2005, it is an absolute chore. I think the film is now in the public domain, because it contains a lot of compilations of ultra-economical DVDs and cheap labels, but it's still not worth looking at, no matter what the price is. get.
