Although the title includes the word "zombies", this movie is not what you expect from a film made today, although, for 1936, the concept is described as well as expected. Dean Jagger describes Armand Louque, an officer of the French army of the First World War who came across an old story of soldiers turned into automatons, or "zombies", who are impenetrable to the fight and who could hold the key to victory . , although on the side of who is not certain. At first, he finds it difficult to convince his superiors of this phenomenon, but the French General Duval (George Cleveland) finally orders a non-military expedition in the ancient Cambodian city of Angkor to discover the secret of the zombies and destroy it. <br /> <br /> The story takes place in the context of a love triangle involving Louque, Claire (Dorothy Stone), daughter of Duval, and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), all of whom are part of the expedition . When Louque laments his lack of strength and resolve, Grayson advises him to pursue what he wants in life with all his power. This advice begins to transform Louque, especially after he managed to get a tablet of stone resembling a photo of the ancient city. After following a temple priest in a swamp, Louque now seems to hold the secret he was looking for, although it is not known how he was able to instantly command the power of "zombiefication". All you need is to put your right fist on your forehead to simulate a third eye and express your thoughts to those you wish to control. This is handy for reclaiming his daughter and following Grayson's advice when he comments to his servant: "Buna, we're learning to be ruthless." <br /> <br /> Lovers of the first horror movies "B" will recognize the use of the look of Bela Lugosi, taken from the film "White Zombie" of 1932, also the director Victor Halperin. Of the two films, "White Zombie" is preferably superior, both in the content of the story and in the representation of the undead, where the zombies have a more sinister and threatening appearance. In "Revolt", the zombies are glassy enemy soldiers who simply react to their mentor's orders. In fact, the revolt of the title only occurs when Louque frees the soldiers from his mental command in deference for his love for Claire; they invade his complex and kill him in the process. <br /> <br /> To not be too harsh with the film, it plays well in the settings of his scenario, but if you think of "zombies !!" ! "In the traditional context, you will probably be disappointed.If you want to try an early treatment of the subject, the" White Zombie "above with Bela Lugosi is the way to go.
