Darkman 3: Die Darkman Die is directed by Bradford May, the same guy who also created the first Darkman sequel. Darkman 3 is worse than Darkman 2 and nothing special, in my opinion. Larry Drake is no longer a major villain, who is played by the great Jeff Fahey, whose character wants to once again get the work of Darkman and create this time ultra-strong humans to take the leadership of the entire city. The film is about the same in terms of plot and execution as Darkman 2, but I was mostly irritated by the presence of many scenes of Darkman 2. These sequences were made in a short time and with a little money. made. Some scenes are quite stylish and exciting, but it's still pretty tired and often irritably stupid too. The characters scream and laugh too much and it's very annoying. There is no philosophical depth in the film and it's like a remake of Darkman 2 that he still can not match. Darkman 2 had a lot of great scenes and a stylish camera work, and Larry Drake's ability to play a big bad guy. Darkman 3 offers only a few scenes and enjoyable moments, but most of the time, this film is tired and full of clichés. The few positive points of this film are flashback montages (Westlake's nightmares) and some really surprising models and story shots. And it is worth mentioning also the scene of the death of the main villain, rather nasty, who looks like a comic and who is inventive without any gore. Much more interesting than the death of the main villain in the second part. <br /> <br /> Darkman 3 is the worst of the whole series, and we must remember that these two suites were created directly on video and that they do not even approach Raimi's Darkman with Liam Neeson . Darkman 2 was ok as an actor with a lot of beautiful scenes and suspense, but this last entry (?) Is tired and often a piece of suite often stupid and boring. As mentioned, it has some advantages, but the general feeling is that it should not be done in the first place. Since May is a talented director, he hopes to have other remarkable projects in the future. <br /> <br /> 3/10
