I think Dolph Lundgren had the potential to be a big star of action, to the Schwarzenegger, Stallone and even Van Damme to a certain extent. He had great moments in his career, but he also made bad choices and it is certainly one of them, although it was done later in his career. The strange thing about Jill The Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or Tied Up) is that I honestly think they seriously think they were doing a provocative and serious thriller? This is reflected in the way they describe it on IMDb, on the DVD case, in the comments, and this film is not serious. To say that it is campy would be a huge understatement. The film is complex and intelligent whereas it is actually superficial, confusing and gratuitous. On top of that, they put Lundgren, known for his action films, in an attempt to play a serious role, which makes him even more sympathetic because his range as an actor is quite limited. The whole movie revolves around the frizzy sexual world and yet they are trying to make a serious thriller? The plot and the principle immediately make it a B-Movie movie at best. <br /> <br /> Dolph Lundgren plays the former cop and the raging Matt Sorenson alcoholic and decides to play Detective when his brother is murdered. I mean, put aside the many plots that left Lundgren free to investigate crime scenes, witnesses and everything else, even though he's no longer a cop and Lundgren still has a pretty odd performance and rather devoid of luster. Danielle Brett is Lundgren's future lover and her brother's widow. Brett plays his role quite decently given the scenario and the campy story. The support troop is huge and nobody stands out particularly in their performances unless it is on the negative side, such as the absolutely horrible performance of Victor Pedtrchenko who seems to carry several different names in the film, to boast of having an accent terrible and to be really horrible. wicked. <br /> <br /> Honestly, I tried to get into the mystery and film and watch closely, but there was no reason, because everything was a jumble of ridiculous intrigue and free sex games, including a ridiculously hilarious scene where Lundgren takes cover and is tied up almost naked. To explain how classy and well done this film is (sarcasm ... sarcasm), the back of the DVD I picked up (it was really cheap) features Lundgren's character in the "Murray Wilson" category ( not the name of his character in the movie). Although Lundgren is generally observable, the film falls flat on his face and tries to be serious. Considering director Anthony Hickox is infamous for his B-Movie horror movies, it only makes sense if I think he was really trying to be serious. Lundgren's hardcore worship fans will have to see it ... no one else should ... certainly for a mystery or a suspense. 3/10
