It's one of those movies where people keep saying, "That's a good idea!" about the worst ideas you've ever heard. Then they act on them. I love it. This picture is funnier than any of Seth Rogen's 30 projects. Well, SHOAH is too. <br /> <br /> Gojira's films cannibalize their own original stories since the 1960s, but this one goes further. What can you say about a culture willing to violate its own sacred cultural icons for money? This parody features a World War II suicide squad on "The Last Marshall Islands", presenting the weapons to a dinosaur that chased the US marines. Then the Japanese inexplicably decide not to fight until the last man and abandon instead the territory annexed to their name by this giant lizard. They retreat to the continent where one of them becomes a business magnate. <br /> <br /> It gets complicated then. <br /> <br /> Blond men of the future, irritable because they still do not cure male pattern baldness, come back in time in a kind of flying saucer to ask a failed writer and a medium of celebrities to help eliminate Godzilla before his destruction of Japan. "The help" is questionable, as all of these 1992 citizens return in 1944 to watch a closed circuit television, but they pulled the script. One would think that in the 90s, the Japanese would know better than to trust people in the spaceships. Fortunately for Nippon, whites - you can say they are American because they say "nucyaler" - have made a mistake in bringing back in time the only Japanese girl left in the future. In a surprising show of ancestor worship, it escapes their duplicity after donning a jumpsuit of flying made with insulating sleeves attached to a Sailor Moon backpack. It turns out that these Caucasians, who have fashion problems and travel back in time, are just jealous of the imminent takeover of the world known by Japanese economic imperialism (in the twentieth century, Japan will buy the Africa, which looks more like a liability than an asset). These chintz-padded blondes with non-functional suspenders and redundant zippers want to replace Godzilla with King Ghidorah, who will destroy all of Japan except Tokyo. A strange choice, but Toho is known to do everything possible not to have to rebuild this Tokyo skyline. <br /> <br /> We actually have the alternative show of Fukuoka ("my garden city"). ) and other metropolitan areas still free from rubber monsters, devastated by a gilt metal flake at 1/3 hydra. In a surprise revelation, we learn that King Ghidorah was created from hand puppets left too long in the microwave. Godzilla is also doing its part of the demolition while the film ends. Wait - do not the blondes of the spaceship have destroyed Godzilla? Yes, they killed him in the third reel. But no one expected the Japanese of 1992 to have a secret submarine filled with nuclear missiles - "Ha ha, do not worry, we do not keep it in Japanese waters" - with whom to revive a new Godzilla bones of an old dinosaur. Only they are not obliged to do so, because an old leaking nuclear shipwreck has already cured Godzilla. Oh, and Godzilla finally arrives in Tokyo, finding his former army buddy in a comforting moment of recognition. They look into each other's eyes and Godzilla nods as if to say, "I have to do it, man." The tycoon nods to understand. Then Godzilla makes him explode. <br /> <br /> I must also mention here that, to prevent Godzilla's angry self from fulfilling his destiny and destroying Japan, the Japanese of the future returns in the future to ask for help of - yes - a bald white man. Probably because he loves him as the only Asian character of the 23rd century, he agrees to build a Mecha-Ghidora and send it back in the 1990s, so that together, these two giant monsters can, um, fill the destiny of Godzilla and destroy Japan. The girl flying Mecha-Ghidora has trouble controlling the joystick. <br /> <br /> This Godzilla costume owes a lot to Sumo - her thighs are flabby enough to double for Rush Limbaugh, and her belly and chest are thick and heavy. But there is more explosive masonry in this picture than in most of his adventures, which offsets a lot. Also features a man very much like Robert Patrick playing a killer robot. Yes, in the future, even robots will have bald spots. More Megumi Odaka, resuming her role as Micki, the only Japanese girl ever born with ears larger than her namesake Disney and a style of play even greater than that. It's not his fault: many Japanese filmmakers seem to think that a 70-foot screen is not big enough to display the emotion of a human face. I played for Japanese TV and I can tell you that they push you to go. They apparently exhort their writers in the same way. Thank God.
