The principle of Circle of Two is intriguing. A forbidden love between a sixty-year-old painter, Ashleigh (Richard Burton) and a fifteen-year-old girl, Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neill); and whether such a relationship is acceptable given the standards of society. The problem with Circle of Two, however, is that it does not keep its promises. The filmmakers Jules Dassin and Hedley should have thought more about the script. When I watched this film, I was expecting to learn something new about love and sexuality. Instead, I had a boring dialogue, a lecture on useless art, outings where Sarah seemed to have fun further away from Ashleigh and a so artificial closing scene that her emotional impact was lost. This script gives a bad image to the good actors. We can therefore imagine how the problems of the film were further aggravated with the largely amateur cast composed by Jules Dassin. Tatum O'Neill was not in his element. I did not believe for a second that her character, Sarah, was in love with Ashleigh. Her performance seemed superficial, like a beauty contestant. It was as if she had forced herself to be happy, when the scenario asked her to be happy and to be sad, while the scenario asked her to be sad. The only scene I liked with her was at the very end when she did not say anything at all. Sarah Norton of Tatum was probably the closest of all time. But Tatum was not the only one responsible. Richard Burton's Ashleigh lacked charm, charisma and complexity to attract even women of his age, let alone those of 15 years. The rest of the cast was also dismal. Even their argument was not convincing because they were waiting to take their turn. Who do this? Michael Wincott in the role of jealous ex-boyfriend Paul was probably the best thing in this movie, but his role was small. To be fair to the actors, Dassin's management has let everyone down; but it's also true that a good movie goes beyond the script. Kubrick's Lolita did it with James Mason and Sue Lyon; The fugitive Konchalovsky train goes beyond the scenario with Jon Voight and Eric Roberts playing convicts. The directors of these films also knew how to use music to dramatize their films and reveal something of their characters. Despite his own score (a combination of Antonio Vivaldi, Carl Off and Bernard Hoffer), Circle of Two never succeeds. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, the idea of ​​a forbidden love story between a former painter and a teenager is a good girl, but her performance in the circle of two is terrible. In many ways, is it a pity that a controversial Lolita-type story ?? that most directors prefer to avoid for understandable reasons? did not receive a smarter treatment; that a scenario that the actors would have gladly repeated was not written; that the actors who were engaged or who had the talent to make their characters real, could not be found; and that the director Jules Dassin (who had done so much better with films like Rififi and Topkapi) did not have to give up and say, "Before we shoot, we have to rethink the love story and rearrange the script . "The only good news is that one day, a smart movie about an older painter and a teenage girl who falls in love may one day be made, and if such a film appears, it will surely spark controversy, debate and questions for many years.
