This is the question you need to ask yourself when you watch this movie "What was the purpose?" This film was just an hour and a half of confusion with totally implausible people (do not use the word actors) and a scenario you could say did not exist. <br /> <br /> What made me laugh the most about this movie was the way it was written "Victorian story written by", which means that there was actually a script for this part of the story. The entire Victorian section had no dialogue and only included shots of a guy staring at a girl and vice versa. Make this part of the movie like the script of a camera left in a station. <br /> <br /> OK, place to the story. It starts with a guy sitting on a chair who never comes out once. Oh blocking, who needs you? These journalists come to his house and almost beg him to tell this story about these dead girls. So, he begins the story in the Victorian era. and here is how the scene goes (the guy and the girl are in a field, a nice music starts to play) (the guy looks at the girl) (the girl looks at the guy) (the guy looks at the girl) cut back plan. That's about all that happens for about half of the movie. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is an incredibly delicate dialogue about a group of models wanting to buy an apartment. So this real estate agent shows them one and when I say that the dialogue is embarrassing, I mean, if it was a dancer, he would stumble during the MACARENA. None of the characters in this film are sympathetic. The models are incredibly irritating, the Victorian people do not speak and the guy who tells the story has the personality of a bag of onions. So finally, all the girls are killed. and by killing, I mean off-screen drugs. ooh. you showed ONE dead? And by death, I mean by holding her face until they put blood makeup on? awesome. <br /> <br /> HOW this guy even knows that this story baffles me. He says it's because he saw it. but how? there was no guy in this apartment! the door was locked dead-end, the windows were tied to an emergency exit too rotten to work, how on earth did he see all this? Oh holes of the plot. we love you Then the film ends with the journalist saying "I think you invented everything, you waste our time" despite the fact that she asked him for the interview for the first time. It does not matter. This movie was stupid, useless and made no sense with many holes in the plot. I could go on and on about this movie, but I do not see the need for it. I would rather spend my time doing something useful. Like widdle something. "Hell's Threshold" belongs to Purgatory with 2 stupid models. out of 10.
