Looking at Floored by Love, a thought comes almost immediately to mind: "God, this looks like a very bad sitcom." Indeed, it turns out that FBL is piloting a series that could begin this fall in Canada, a poor and poor Canada. <br /> <br /> Cara (Shirley Ng) and Janet (Natalie Sky) are a lesbian couple living in Vancouver. Janet has already gone to see her mother, but Cara's parents are still in the dark about their daughter's homosexuality. The pressure is strong for the parents to come from Malaysia for the wedding of his younger brother. That same week, British Columbia legalized same-sex marriage. As Janet wants to get married, Cara has to decide whether or not to tell her conservative Chinese parents that she is gay. Does she? Would she? Could she? The situation of Cara contrasts with that of Jesse (Trent Millar). Jesse has just declared his homosexuality to the world at the age of fourteen. His biological father, Daniel (Andrew McIlroy), will be traveling soon. His father-in-law, Norman (Michael Robinson) fears that his chances of finally being fully accepted by Jesse are compromised by the fact that Daniel is gay and he is not. Will dialing the 1-800-Makeover number help you? <br /> <br /> The dialogue and unfolding are a direct result of a smaller program of the 1950s, as well as excessive physical emotivity. Melodrama at the Full House is enough to make you flinch from time to time and comedy attempts largely fail. McIlroy, Millar & Sky are the only artists to approach the skill in this miscalculation, but given the material they have to work on, it's no wonder no one impresses. It is possible that the campiness has been determined. It often seems that there is no way that the performers are really so bad, that they should try to imitate the inferior sitcoms of the past days. If this is the case, this notice should probably be rewritten. The rewrite would emphasize Floored by Love as a mediocre and inefficient installation of old sitcoms. <br /> <br /> Screenwriter / director Desiree Lim has developed a bland festival by totally unforgettable numbers. There was a time when it was enough to have an openly homosexual character to make his mark on the screen. This time is gone. On this day, we also need quality.
