I attended this film hoping for a film based on facts and provoking reflection. But instead, some of the least reflective arguments against the Christian faith have been imagined. For example, in order to prove that Christianity is intrinsically violent, the narrator constantly quotes the Bible without giving context and thus altering the meaning of the text. Jesus is quoted as commanding the execution of those who disobey him, when in fact the quotation is taken from a parable told by Jesus, involving a king who is then quoted. Thus, the narrator gives the impression that Jesus says something when he tells a story where one of his characters says it. This is dishonesty in a very obvious form. Is this really what atheism has to offer the world? This film also attempts to use the success of the Passion of Christ on Jesus Christ: Superstar and The Last Temptation of Christ as proof that Christians are thirsty for blood. There is no mention of the fact that the Passion was the most historically accurate biblical film to date. He makes no mention of the fact that it was actually the most appreciated critic of the group. He then publishes a series of violent images drawn from the Passion, as if to make him understand his point of view. Ironically, there is no mention of the Texas Chainsaw massacre that came out a few months later and plays violence for entertainment, as opposed to a dramatic effect. <br /> <br /> One thing that really bothered me was his mockery of people who really knew more about it than he did. All the Christians he interviewed were ordinary schmos in the parking lot of the Billy Graham Crusade in New York. The atheists he interviewed for the film were outstanding writers and scholars. He asked the Christians how the Christian movement started and, of course, they said that it started with the Holy Spirit coming to the disciples at Pentecost. Which is correct (Acts 2). He then comments: "Is not it funny how so few Christians seem to know the origins of their own faith?" and proceeds to explain that the apostle Paul began Christianity after being arrested on the road to Damascus. The poor boy seems convinced that the act 9 happens before the act 2. More deception? Or is it simply ignorance? He also says that Paul did not believe that Jesus was a real person. I hope you are joking? 1 Corinthians 15 describes the death and resurrection of Jesus witnessed by people (whom Paul names in the passage) whom the Corinthians can ask if they have doubts! <br /> <br /> There are many other examples of shit that "documentary" is. But as I have neither the time nor the patience to go in all areas, I will get right to the point. It is obvious that throughout the film, the narrator has an emotional vendetta against his upbringing at the church. And the culminating interview is HIS PRINCIPLE OF CHILDHOOD! In an ultimate attempt to refute the Christian faith, the narrator attempts to ridicule someone who detained him as a child. Is this happening as an intellectual documentary for the atheist community? There are certainly intelligent atheist filmmakers who can make a documentary that is not a load of shit made up and called "facts".
