Let me first say that I do not believe in god (if you want to use the word atheist, okay, but I do not like this word because it describes what I am not, not what I am) but I hated it documentary. "The values ​​of production were almost non-existent, the premise extremely fragile and the whole affair seemed to be an exercise in Brian Flemming's insecurities. <br /> <br /> Values ​​of the production was terrible and Brian Flemming is clearly an amateur filmmaker, the narration gave the impression that he had just told the film all at once, and that he was not practicing at all. breaks and breaks when he should have spoken in the movie The animation was also very bad. <br /> <br /> The idea that Jesus is a mythical character is not taken seriously by historians and Biblical scholars As I said before, I do not believe in God and I can not Do not say that whether or not Jesus is a true man says nothing about the existence of God. My personal point of view, Jesus was probably a real man, but he lived at a time when there were many massias (look at Apollonian apollonius) and that the stories of his life and his preaching were exaggerated in relation to his death. According to the Wikipedia article on the historicity of Jesus (and there is a good quote about it, it's a garbage can) "virtually all scholars in the areas of Bible studies and history agree to to say that Jesus was a Jewish teacher of Galilee considered a healer, was baptized by John the Baptist, accused of sedition against the Roman Empire and condemned to death by crucifixion on the orders of the Roman governor Pontius Pilate. [1] I asked at the end of the documentary if it was more about the director's insecurities than anything else. I wondered if he was trying to convince himself more than anyone else. The most eloquent example is the final interview he had with the director of the religious school. He is not even shy about it. The way he bombards the professor is unfair and, although I partly agree with the director, it is wrong to instruct the children on the fire of hell, the way Flemming confronted the director was hard to watch. Flemming might have had the opportunity to start a good discussion if he was more tactile with his interview. Instead, he is aggressive with "Is not it bad to teach kids these kinds of things?" The guy cuts the interview down and I mean, what was he expecting, the director says, "Oh yes, I see, I see, I saw the light, it will be a secular school now?" It seems that Flemming is avenging himself on what he considers to be a wrong done to him as a child. It's not about Flemming's documentary, but about insecurities and it has nothing to do with the supposed subject of the documentary. Flemming shows what he's really doing here, and that's the true fall of this so-called documentary.
