It's not as if I kept extremely warm memories of Verhoeven's original pants: it always seemed like an icy and well done film on an airport. A sexy and sexy basket, but nevertheless a basket. It was also a film that exploited a certain sexual spirit. After a decade of AIDS-induced anti-sexual hysteria, a film about a very sexually sexual woman who kills chills to increase her sexual pleasure was pretty seductive. Basic Instinct 2 was still struggling to provide the same social relevance and the same immediacy, so that his desperate attempts of unsuccessful maneuvers are so lame can somehow be overlooked. All she had to provide was a thin veneer of titillation and a rather engaging story that could have been viewed. The fact that he is blatantly failing on so many levels and it is so extraordinary to be a career nadir for all the participants, is truly extraordinary. Let's declare what is obvious to begin: Sharon Stone is too old for the part of the sexual magnet Catherine Trammell. What was so photogenic through the lens of Verhoeven looks like mutton dressed as lamb in the hands of Michael Caton-Jones, agent for rental, which has flat and dark colors and a static camera makes its undeniable beauty totally irreproachable. I really like Sharon Stone, but if the first movie started his career, BI2 could kill him. She has no chemistry with the David Morrissey plush shirt - their only sex scene is also embarrassing. The character of her pasty mom made me want Michael Douglas's orange-skinned machismo. The encouraging turns of David Thewlis and Charlotte Rampling waste these good actors in scenes of talking exhibitions and postures thirsting for clichés. And what about the much vaunted sexual schemes? Ill-enlightened, ephemeral, as generalist as an episode of Desperate Housewives - Verhoeven's European sensitivity to the sexual content of the first film is sorely missed. Do not look at this film for carnal thrills - there is none and what is tragic. The film is, as a whole, convoluted to the point of being confused, boring and laughable. The last 40 minutes in particular, where you realize that the movie is not going to be interesting at all, are particularly harrowing and hilarious. As a missed sequel, Basic Instinct 2 will occupy a cinematic ground similar to Exorcist 2 The Heretic, Beyond Poseidon Adventure and XXX2. As a vanity project, he rivals Battlefield Earth in his misconception. A multi-million dollar Hollywood movie is a travesty that will be hard to beat in the worst of its years.
