One of the most popular rentals at my local video store is not Borat or The Departed, but a 2005 documentary about Jesus Christ called The God Who Was Not There, directed by director Brian Flemming, a former Christian fundamentalist. Flemming, in his 62-minute documentary, claims that Jesus was not a historical person, but a legend based solely on pagan traditions. Using interviews with writers, philosophers, and historians to demystify the long-held Christian belief that Jesus, the son of God, lived among men, was crucified, and resurrected, Flemming likens the story of Christ to that of the characters The Isis and Osiris cults in Egypt, Dionysos and Adonis in Greek mythology and the cults of the Roman mystery such as Mithraism find many surprising similarities. <br /> <br /> In addition to his testimony on the pagan cults, he also states that the oldest sources in the history of Christ, the four Gospels, were written forty or fifty years after the date given for the crucifixion of Jesus and that the letters of St. Paul show little evidence that Jesus is a figure of flesh and blood. Unfortunately, Flemming does not intend to conduct a thorough investigation of the truth about Jesus' life, but to use the subject only as a starting point for a full-blown attack on Christianity and all religions. Most of the interviews were with philosophers aligned with the director, including proven atheists such as biologist Richard Dawkins and author Sam Price. The only Christians interviewed are those on the sidelines, such as Scott Butcher, creator of the Rapture Letters.com website, and Ronald Sipus, principal of the Christian village school, which Flemming attended as a child. . <br /> <br /> Just like Michael Moore's interview with Charlton Heston in Bowling for Columbine, his interview with Sipus is so controversial that Sipus is in the middle. Flemming sarcastically tells us how much Christianity was wrong about talking about the sun turning around the earth, and then points to atrocities committed in the name of Christianity, such as those perpetrated by cult leader Charles Manson, who killed 11 people, and Dena Schlosser, who cut her off. the baby's arm for God. He also raises a statement in a book by LaHaye and Jenkins that Christians "look forward to the day when all non-Christians will be thrown into a lake of fire, screaming and screaming". To return even more against Christianity, Flemming shows us long excerpts from Mel Gibson's The Passion of Christ, detailing every scene of violence and torture. What could have been a serious discussion on a very interesting topic finally becomes a puerile rant and a polemic against all religion. In the process of condemning those who have used Christianity to commit indescribable acts, he ignores personalities such as the socialist Muriel Lester, a famous Christian pacifist, Rigoberta Menchú Tum, a Mayan Indian from Guatemala who helped found the revolutionary Christians and received the Nobel Peace Prize. recognition of her work for social justice and Mother Teresa, whose work focused on respect for the value and dignity of each individual. <br /> <br /> The most eloquent argument of the latter is his comparison of Christian doctrine with pagan cults. Positive points, but Flemming does not tell us that while some aspects of these sects may resemble Christian doctrines, there is no source text or material for these sects until 300 AD, long after the New Testament. In addition, it is important to note a major difference. The immediate goal of the initiates was a mystical experience that led them to think that they had managed to unite with their god. It is anathema to Christianity that believes that a hierarchy of the Church including priests and bishops up to the Pope is bound to interpret God's will for humanity. <br /> <br /> Although I am not a Christian and I doubt whether Jesus Christ is a historical figure or not, the truth is that in the long run, it does not have to importance. What matters is that a message has been presented to humanity and spread throughout the world, which has contributed to its spiritual evolution. Apart from the distortions and crimes committed later in his name and there were many, Christianity as it was conceived was a doctrine of compassion and love, and a moral and ethical code that promoted respect for our neighbor. . <br /> <br /> I applaud the fact that the film was shot and a taboo topic was discussed. What is absolutely necessary is not another attempt at division, which consists in using religion as a field of combat, but in seeing it as a common thread that can bring people closer to the world. According to Annie Besant, "spiritual truths are best seen in a climate of brotherhood and mutual respect," said Annie Besant. "The God who was not there is only recommended for those whose idea is: a good time is to destroy the religion of others.
