Eleonora, born in Italy, inherited her deceased lover, Karl, an ultra-modern and secluded house in the middle of the woods. It's winter and she meets the mysterious janitor Leslie, who ends up looking after the house, but also that of Eleonora, as she tries to adapt to her new environment and a growing attraction between the two. <br /> What am I waiting for? A thriller indeed, but it was not quite. It's just advertising on the packaging for you! I am quite puzzled about everything. Title, history and motivation So, how to classify it? This drama of wooden characters is rather an enigmatically melancholy enigma story of alienation, possession and twisted dependence in a passionately passionate relationship between two masked individuals. The co-writer's (with William Dafoe) and director Giada Colagrande's artist film is just too clinical, distant and calculated with its mysteriously metaphorical story, leaving you wondering what it really means. although when its sudden conclusion materializes, you wonder why I should really care. What we experience does not tell us anything without a heavy exposure of dead air that focuses on insignificant details and images. Sterile dialogues may have contributed to many delicate developments, but it must be a sore experience because they never dig deep enough. As he believes. The filtered sexually salty activities are never convincing and are far from erotic. They are somehow a bump in the already slow flow. The base of the plot offers something interesting and fresh, but it is never fulfilling and I thought there would be more to do than this dismal persistence. The management of Colagrande is professionally elegant and dark enough to want what she imagines, but everything seems to be slow and can be taken in admiring the same points of view. Most of the action remains in the same place ?? the House. The work of the camera is extremely tense, but the sullen musical score can become a little ridiculous if it contains extremely poignant musical signals that do not have much sense or interest for the scene. Giada Colagrande plays sensually and William Dafoe sleeps the role. He looks tired dog! While Seymour Cassel passes his head from time to time. <br /> <br /> The place where he is heading is uncertain. Well, that's if you can wait. I think I'll give him the benefit of the doubt, because it's certainly not what I expected from this independent film.
