I respect Alex Cox, the filmmaker, really. He's like the kid at school who, at first glance, thinks you're trying a bit too much to be "different", a literary punk-rocker who has delved deeper into spaghetti westerns, science fiction and the fringe-culture and the world is ready to take its foot ... but then you see what he can really do, his talent and his artistry brutal and feverish, as well as moments of true hilarity absurd capable of see, and you're ready to see everything he has to offer. But his proverbial play has two sides: he can either knock him out of the park (Repo Man, Sid and Nancy, Walker probably) or just try a little too hard and shoot too many pretentious bunnies from the hat (Directly in Hell). Death and the Compass is part of this last category and, while I respect its (mainly) original approach to tackling a detective-killer story, it also falls and its strangeness becomes strangely dull. <br /> <br /> has a strange style and already irreverent to follow: a detective, Erik Lonnrot, chasing a killer with a voice of hell, Red (something), and it seems that the killer leaves clues alarming to its victims: Messages scribbled with blood on the walls are messages that, according to eyewitness Alonso Zunz (Christopher Eccleston who appears to be coming out of Shallow Grave without changing his look), take on religious significance in Kabbalah . We follow Lonnrot in his case and his methods of pursuit, which consist in particular to follow first a triangular pattern and then in the form of a compass on the map, despite the protests of the Commissioner amazed, Treviranus (Miguel Sandoval), who also seems Back flash, sitting at a desk and talking to the public in a distorted but sad description of his former employee and colleague after the trial. <br /> <br /> Oh, Cox has his moments of creativity and interest, like a plan where we see the full extent of the heartbreaking depths of the police station where the character of Eccleston is caught between handcuffs ("For its own protection "says Lonnrot in case of loss in the wrong room) and we are followed in a long follow-up plan - perhaps the best or the most curious - where we are led in very dark corridors with very little direction , lost in the maze of twists and quirks among the characters. And it's never something that is not fascinating to * watch *, with Miguel Garzon's cinematography a morbid delight. But the plot goes through sleight of hand to keep things so out of sync that it might as well be beaten less together. The performances, with the exception of confident Boyle and Eccleston at the very end, are pretty bad, especially Sandoval who just seems to squirm in his place by reciting the awkward dialogue that has been given to him to express himself before the public. <br /> <br /> While the assassination plot contains the intention of the public not to have seen it before, but to be part of a society with many rioters and architects suggesting the next decrepit wave of Alphaville, she also disappears very quickly. What is the conflict here? I've never been so involved in Boyle's personal mission of finding this murderer, and I'm only slightly caught up by the few bursts of deranged scenes from the killer (and / or killers) attacking early on people like in the building (Cox himself has a fun cameo). And just when I was starting to think that it was going to be spectacular, with Boyle and Eccleston in this big building ("not as big as you think") in the southern part of the city, it gives us everything to blow a "TWIST" that we know our minds are coming, but hope does not allow it, and it eliminates all the usual mystery that he has been confronted with. As a filmmaker, despite all his reluctance, Cox opposes feeding his audience with a "conventional" approach, which I respect, Death and the Compass cut one to the brain; it's masturbatory.
