The name Uwe Boll is automatically associated with the wrong horror / cult cinema and every new movie he releases? which is about two, three a year ?? always receives negative evaluations and severe criticism immediately. In fact, you are almost tempted to think that it is a contemporary hype. You know, it's common to hate Uwe Boll, whether you like his movies or not. Let me assure you that this is not the case. Uwe Boll is a terrible screenwriter / director and positively poses a threat to the entire film industry. "Seed" is another of the most unfortunate proofs. Here, Boll tries so hard to appear controversial and shocking that he forgets many other elements indispensable to any film, like a scenario, a narrative structure, the development of the character, the reinforcement of the tension ?? "Seed" is a hideous film, full of free and incompetent sequences of dirt. I read one day that "Seed" was Uwe Boll's interpretation of the current popular horror trend of Torture Porn movies, but it's not even close. The film undoubtedly borrows some influences from "Saw" and "Hostel", but deep down, it's just another dull slasher with an indestructible killer and a video game violence. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of "Seed" are more boring and only confirm all the obvious things you already knew were going to happen. You see, Boll was stupid enough to start his movie with a scrolling (hyper fast) text explaining that a US federal law states that death row inmates should be released if three attempts at electrocution fail. So you know that this will happen later, but the first three quarters are still lost to catch a serial killer and bring him to the electric chair. The seed is a silent serial killer that would have slaughtered 666 victims (who exaggerate a lot?) And who carries a bag on the head. He looks at images of cruelty to real-life animals (and therefore WE look at pictures of real-life animal cruelty, thank you Mr. Boll) and videotapes people slowly decomposing into their bodies. cellar (including a baby crying really sick and crooked). When he is finally captured, during the hunt for the most amateurish and improbable policeman ever filmed, and sentenced to death, the film becomes even more backward. After being buried alive because the electric chair could not fry it, Max Seed goes back to the surface and launches into a new slaughter; this time he focused on the people who arrested and executed him. <br /> <br /> The insane twists of plot and the total lack of depth of the story of this film go far beyond a bad pass; they are downright exasperating and insulting the level of intelligence of an average fanatic of horror movies. Multiple twists and sub-representations in "Seed" are simply impossible to accept by a human mind that works well because they are just too stupid! Nobody believes that the cops and the prison staff are just going to bury a murderer alive without shooting him in the head. No one will accept that a fugitive prisoner can not be found for six months, even if he has returned directly to the same place where he hid! "Seed" is full of little things delayed like these and the movie gets dumber with every passing minute. Personally, I refuse to accept that the members of the cast and the team did not notice that too. This really makes you think that Uwe Boll simply neglects any advice and criticism, and stubbornly pulls his films as he wishes. I imagine his cries as "shut up and do what you are told" to his actors every time they notice that the scene they are shooting does not make sense. <br /> <br /> Just to entertain people, there's a huge sequence where Max Seed crushes an old lady with a hammer while she's tied to a chair in the middle of her living room. Instead of being shocking, as Boll wanted, this sequence brilliantly illustrates how controversial and pathetic the film is. "Seed" is horrible, it's disgusting, it's pitiful, it's ?? Boll.
