Think for a moment about what Uwe Boll should be. Somewhere, maybe in the places where Jack Nicholson said "we do not talk in the evenings," Boll knows that David Lean had head lice who were more talented for cinema than him. Gore Whores, metal leaders and socially dysfunctional people can meet him on the circuit and tell him the opposite, but the general public finds the result of the Teutonic helmsman so devoid of originality, wit or imagination that he became the scarecrow of the Internet ?? an online discursive synonym for photochemical feces. Boll is doing his best to overcome these opponents, exploiting the tax credits available in Germany and Canada to continue working and raising money from a network of dentists, as did Zero Mostel with old ladies. The Producers. The difference being that Mostel's character knew he was filling the bowels. Maybe Uwe knows it too. <br /> <br /> This is the degree of hostility towards each new "Bollbuster" that IMDb's customers sabotage their ratings by voting 1 before they see it. Boll's attempts to silence his detractors by challenging them to play a boxing match and knock them out made them more determined. Indeed, he is probably the only filmmaker to have boosted sales of thesauri, critics seeking inventive ways to describe waste. <br /> <br /> This attack made Uwe a man with very thick skin, so much so that he must feel wrapped. a rug, but feels intimidated by the world. Like most people in this situation, he is unleashed, determined to annoy as many people as possible with the memory of a night in tears holding the Variety magazine dedicated to House of the Dead, never too far from the surface. This strategy "I know you are, but what is my strategy for taking the initiative" gave rise to the candid satire of Postal, which was trying to napalize dissidents with jokes about 9/11, Christian fundamentalism, jihad, Nazism and pedophilia. Such an invective litany requires a satirist inspired by the spirit of Peter Cook and the visual imagination of Chris Morris, but Boll gets closer to one or other of the men, it's the o in his Last name. <br /> <br /> Back with the adaptation to the aforementioned game, Boll is back with the story of a sadistic murderer (are there any others?) who does not get the chair only for two unsuccessful attempts by permanently reducing all the signs of life. Aware of the fictional law that states that anyone still alive after 3 attempts must be released, but if you had been fried with so much electricity, why do you want it ?, declare it legally dead and bury it, but only so that the disgruntled killer resuscitates and begins a quick visit from his jailers. <br /> <br /> Boll begins his "exploration of nihilistic rage" with Seed looking at images of animals tortured for experimental purposes. From there we are treated to killer stock in the trade? kidnap dogs, babies and adult women and allow them to starve in front of a camera before becoming a food for the fly. We are invited to reflect on what is a depraved breed of amoral meat sacks we are all ?? our inhumanity towards each other and our fellow creatures acting as a beam of light serving as a catalyst for the most disgusting vestiges of the human condition. Yes, we are worthless, sadistic without mercy and worse than that, we will not give a good rating to Uwe on IMDb. In short, humanity is a goddamn one. <br /> <br /> Of course, you might think that Uwe is counting on his worst excesses to make a living and that this is a bit bipolar piece hating his audience and drooling positively in the sour milk of human kindness ?? the milk that poor old Boll had to drink for so long, while simultaneously whipping his member and inviting people thirsty for pornographic desire to depravity on the screen to marvel at his heartbreaking figure. <br /> <br /> The result says nothing about society and its dissatisfied, more of the corrosive effect that the bad press has on its director. Poor Uwe is obviously a very angry man ?? a scene in which a poor woman hurts her brain while she is tied to a chair, probably a substitute for her own fantasy about sending various reviews on the web. The fact that he is there, but adopts an avant-garde approach by not attaching himself to any narrative thread, shows that Boll is a pornographer who is happy to engage in the bloodlust of his audience and who knows that the plot exceeds the requirements. He made a film that was shot with skill, but completely sorry. "I wanted to make a horror movie that is not fun," Boll told the audience at the film's world premiere. He managed this unconvincing manifesto, but if it were to convince the director's detractors that he was a serious filmmaker, he would need something authentic to say as well as a more original way of saying it.
