"National Treasure" (2004) is a jumble of conspiracy plotters who borrow from nearly every cliché of government conspiracy on coats and daggers ever written. The film stars Nicholas Cage as Benjamin Franklin Gates (how precious is it, I ask you?); an apparently normal boy who, for the sole reason of being a line of like-minded astray hunters, decides to steal a "national treasure" hidden by the founding fathers of the United States. After a little subtext and a background that plays (unintentionally) as Indiana Jones meets The Patriot, the film degenerates into a misguided fantasy after another ?? trying to create a regurgitation of "Nicholas Cage" by Stanley Goodspeed and launch all the messy complicated with a series of high-octane but disconnected misadventures. <br /> <br /> The relevance and logic of having George Washington and his motley crew Director Jon Turteltaub never manages to explain how patriots buried the ransom of a king on their native soil, then moved to through the meticulous plan to leave clues scattered throughout their artistic work in US currency. Could Washington not find a better use of this wealth when creating the country? Therefore, we still have a mystery built on an enigma that is already uncertain at the moment when Ben calls himself the new guardian of this incalculable wealth. Ben's intentions are noble ?? so confusing. He is determined to protect the treasure. For whom and when ??? your hypothesis is as good as mine. <br /> <br /> But there are some problems with Ben's crusade. First, his friend Ian Holmes (Sean Bean) decides that he can not wait until Ben decides to steal the declaration of independence from the National Archives (oh, yes, great idea!). Presumably, the back of this famous document contains the secret answer to the ultimate fortune. So Ian tries to kill Ben. The assassination attempt is, of course, unsuccessful, even if it is too melodramatic. It also gives Ben the opportunity to take over from the hilarious conservative of the archives, Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger). She thinks Ben is clearly a nut ?? at least at the beginning. But, faithful to action and romance, Abby's resolution dissipates faster than you can say: "Is this the diamond of hope?" The movie goes into full X-File-ish mode, as the FBI, mistakenly believing that Ben is behind the flight, reacts in various beneficent ways that lead to a multiplicity of action-reminiscent action sequences replies The Fugitive. Honestly, do not these guys ever get the correct "intelligence" information? In the final analysis, "National Treasure" is not an excellent cinematographic achievement, it's a kind of mixture of old pieces tired of other films, woven from pieces, that would make IL Betsy Ross blush. <Br/> <br /> The Buena Vista DVD offers a much more generous treatment than what this movie deserves. The anamorphic widescreen image has a very soft and detailed image with rich colors, natural skin tones, solid blacks and sharp whites. The stylized image is also free of defects and digital enhancements. The audio is 5.1 and offers a beautiful sound on your side and rear speakers with intensity and realism. The supplements include a lot of junket promotional material that is quite deep and explaining why and how this movie was made. If only, as an audience, we had more clarification on why Ben and his co. pursued after an illusory treasure, it could have been a good movie. The extras end with the theatrical trailer, the audio commentary and the deleted scenes. Not for sensitive souls ?? just the big head.
