I watched this movie last night on one of the pay-per-view channels and, while watching it, I quickly wondered why I was bored. In all honesty, I was really expecting something more from this movie. Maybe something like "conspiracy theory". Why? Maybe because of the casting. I mean, Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel, after all. Not to mention Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now I wonder, why did they bother? But instead of an absorbing action and a mysterious tragedy, I was caught in a dizzying pastiche of foolishness, a "The Goonies", which, to my great surprise, seems to have aroused some critical praise. This may be because "The Goonies" was clearly aimed at the audience of pre-teens and teens. Considering that, judging from the excerpts, "National Treasure" was intended to attract an adult audience. <br /> <br /> The suspension of disbelief is one thing. This is how we can appreciate science fiction and horror. But I found myself resisting the huge spoons of paranoid and conspiratorial guts that were jostled in front of the audience. Oh, the screenwriter threw around all the jargon meant to evoke a serious sense of wonderment engaged. "Wow, Masons, Templars, you know, that could really be true!" I think the writer really lost me when Gates said that the founding fathers hid the treasure to keep it out of reach of the British! And where did the Templars come from? New Jersey? Oh, I forget. Of France! Which largely explains how he found himself in Philadelphia during the Revolution. He had been brought there by agents of Napoleon! Anyway, you see where I'm coming from. The premise of the film is interesting. And I really think it could have succeeded as a serious mysterious drama. But it comes like another kid in adult clothes. In the end, I think he is asking the public not only to suspend his convictions, but to deliberately make himself ignorant to an insulting degree. <br /> <br /> I have just seen several articles by Werner Herzog and Istvan Szabo. It's a shock to move from gourmet cuisine to Big Mac and Hollywood fries. <br /> <br /> Okay, okay. If you gasp at the lawsuits, explosions and shenanigans of "gee-whiz," you'll enjoy the "National Treasure". But that's the kind of movie, well, have you ever been in front of a movie theater waiting to enter while the previous audience was coming out? And all the young kids talk to each other enthusiastically and say things like, "Wow, did you see how it exploded?" It was so cool! "National Treasure" is that kind of movie.
