John Carpenter's career is over so this sad excuse for a movie is an indication. His excuse is that he only produced it. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact, Bon Jovi and the two vampire girls, Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover, probably all have the same outfit. In short, it was hard to say which one was the cutest in a kind of anorexic ramp model. Bon Jovi has the most charisma. At least he looks happy when he smiles. The two Vampire Girls, on the other hand, are all cramps and complaints. At some point, they are about to kiss, but stop. It's amazing how each vampire movie contains morays for its respective vampires. At one point, Arly Jover delivers a blowjob to a very stupid vampire hunter, then she sucks her blood during the sex act. It would have been an erotic moment if it were not a blunder, and the actor looked slightly amused as he watched Arly Jover move his head to imitate something that was obviously not happening. As for Gore, some heads are torn and the blood spurts abundantly. These scenes have so little suspense or accumulation that when they happen, it's almost funny, and there is no "horror" reward of the scene. All you get as a member of the audience is a feeling of "Wow, sure that a lot of red paint splattered on the walls, I wonder who should clean it." Throughout the movie, these vampire hunters who are obviously trying to kill Arly Jover (the world's greatest vampire ??) continue to talk to him. At one point, Bon Jovi goes to an abandoned church and, after having just shot him with an arrow (and has already done so on other occasions), he says: "I'm not trying to hurt you I just want to talk to you, I want to get to know you. "HUH ?? Of course, the mute vampire Arly jumps to say hello and Bon Jovi sticks it again with another impaling device. "Why Can not Be Be Friends," the 1970s WAR song should have been the theme song for this movie. Aside from all the other stupid moments, there is a transfusion sequence when Natasha Wagner gets all her vampire blood and everyone in the city queues to donate blood for her transfusion. I guess the blood type is not important? Anyway, all her vampire blood is taken. Bon Jovi then decides that if this blood is transfused, he can beat Arly and become a vampire too. Of course, as the vampire blood is transfused, none of his healthy blood is removed. So, apparently, Bon Jovi walks with twice as much blood as any human being can have in his body. And just like the first VAMPIRES, this one also has the special Vampires-Bursting-In-Flames effect.
