Whoa Nelly! I've heard a ton of mixed reviews about it ... but one of my passionate horror critics has really found this disappointing. Man was he right on the nose! This film was played by pure amateurs. They had to have made a catch, maybe two on each stage, the movie seemed soooo rushed. The script was also mediocre ... they had lines that were trying to be unique but failed. Miserably. "Take your mookooks off me!" Oh man, I hate when movies try to do that. It happens all the time with comedies ... but, with a horror movie and with actors below average ... the results are incredibly pathetic. The lines and scenarios were all very predictable. But what made me so negative about this movie was, once again, the damn game. It was horrible. Besides by the little asian guy who worked on the stand. I thought he was great. <br /> <br /> The film talks about five stupid tourists! Who are on vacation in Asia. They end up in the wrong place and fall into the hands of a sexual / slaughterhouse run by the mafia. It sounds like a cool story. But watching someone with a bad case of diarrhea is probably more fun and intense to watch. The only reason that this is considered horror is because of the murder. There was no trace of suspense. <br /> <br /> I like that many other horror fans are dying to get their damn little glove. But unfortunately with a huge capital U, the movie was incredibly disappointing. I enjoyed the broken ankle and the effects of the blood. The flabby chicks were too. <br /> <br /> Everything in this movie is an amateur. This is Ryan Nicholson's first feature film, and for the most part he failed. It can not be denied that he has an unhealthy sense of humor and a taste for horror. I pray that his next film will not unfold like another horror movie B ... unless he tells us that's what it's going to be. Even after this disappointment, I'm ready to give Ryan another shot. From what I have seen of him, he is a true man devoted to the genre. Good luck next time because it was bad news.
