Live Feed takes place in an unnamed Sino-Japanese Asian neighborhood while five American friends, Sarah (Ashley Schappert), Emily (Taayla Markell), Linda (Caroline Chojnacki), Mike (Lee Tichon) and Darren (Rob Scattergood) enjoy night in town and to see. After a fight in a bar with a boss of the Japanese Triad (Stephen Chang), they decide to go to the cinema as if nothing had happened. Inside, they are separated and quickly discover that the place belongs to the head of the Triad who uses it to torture and kill people for reasons that are not clearly defined. Can a boy from the area, Miles (Kevan Ohtsji), save them? <br /> <br /> This Canadian production was co-written, produced and directed by Ryan Nicholson, who also benefits from the Prosthetic Effects Designer Credit. Feed is another rather mediocre film, taken from a camcorder horror movie, that seems to exist only to take advantage of the popularity and success of Hostel (2005) and the mini craze for "pornographic porn" as it is now called. According to IMDb's 'Trivia' for the Live Feed scriptwriter and director, Nicholson wrote it after hearing about some live sex theatrical activities, I guess he wrote it after watching Hostel! The scenario is rather poor, no basic reason has been given for why this porn theater has a big ugly monster and disguised as bondage outfit waiting to torture and kill people, none. Was it for the triads? Was it for his pleasure? Was it to make snuff films for sale? A kind of explanation would have been good. Also, why did he turn on the Triad boss at the end? If you are looking for a movie with a consistent story, forget Live Feed. It seemed like an uncomfortable mix of sex, S & M, horror, torture, gore and action movies that did not go away. I mean, just putting a horror movie in a porn room is not going to automatically improve your movie, there must still be a decent storyline and storyline, is not it? The characters were rather mediocre pictures and some of their actions and motivations were more than questionable. He moves at a reasonable pace, he mixes pretty gore, sex & nudity, but he looks cheap, which diminishes the effect. <br /> <br /> Director Nicholson does not do anything special here, the editing is jerky & boring, he seems to think that lighting up almost every scene with neon lights is a good idea and that the film has an inexpensive appearance . Available in the 'R' and 'Unrated' versions, I saw the shorter 'R' version which is really not gore, but I am willing to give the benefit of the doubt to the 'Unrated' version and say that it could be a lot, a lot more gorier but I can not say for sure. There is a lot of nudity too if it's your thing. I would not say that there is a lot of atmosphere or a lot of fright here because there are not and are not, respectively, although it's a shady tone in general, it's something that I'm fine, I suppose. <br /> <br /> Technically, Live Feed is not really impressive, the blood is a little too liquid for my taste and whole scenes bathed in annoying neons sometimes make it hard to tell what's going on, it's is often as if the film had been shot by hand. Camcorder held and editing agitated at least on the "R" version is sometimes a boring mess. Shot on site in a real porn theater somewhere in Vancouver, Canada. The acting is mediocre. Sometimes I could not tell if the actresses in this movie were supposed to cry or laugh ... <br /> <br /> Live Feed is not a movie I would recommend to anyone to rush to buy or buy rent , I did not think much about it with its very weak and predictable scenario which lacks exposure and which leads nowhere, which plays badly and which is not as impressive as gore (at least in the cut rated "R" anyway). Look again at the hostel movies or instead, as they are superior.
