First, the actor they must play Jesus has blue eyes ... half of the actors they play, the Jews have blue eyes. Are not there enough actors with brown eyes? Jesus being represented as having blue eyes is one of my pet peeves. He was a Jew of blood! Secondly, what about old English films that are supposed to be shot in non-English speaking countries and where everyone has English accents? (Another example is David Lean's "Dr. Zhivago.") Are not there enough Jewish actors or actors who can make an Israeli accent? The film is often not faithful to the scriptures and therefore seems to doubt the legitimacy of Jesus' claim to be the Messiah. In the Bible, when Jesus is baptized by John, a voice comes from heaven saying, "This is my beloved son, in whom I have great pleasure" (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3 : 22). John the Baptist says it in the movie! The screenwriter also seems to be trying to portray believers as crazy. For example, in the Bible, the angel Gabriel tells Mary that she will become pregnant with the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but in the film we do not see or hear an angel - Mary seems to speak to a moonbeam, and when Mary's mother hears her talking to someone and looking at her, she does not hear or see anyone. Also, in the film, when Jesus speaks to the Pharisees in the temple in Jerusalem, he says, "You will never see me here again until you learn to cry," Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord. ! because I and my father are one and the same. "The correct line (Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35) is:" You will never see me again until you say, "Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord." Jesus did not never claimed to be God. The film cuts a lot of important roles (the Sermon on the Mount is very redacted), but then spends a lot of time on things that are not even in the Bible (a whole scene with Mary Magdalene speaking with a john). It seems that the screenwriter, instead of wanting to make a cinematic version of the scriptures, wants to make a film about what he thought could have really happened behind (and in) the scenes. The film, however, has a little gem: in the scene where Jesus tells the parable of the Prodigal Son, at Matthew, the tax collector, tears ran down my face. It's the best film I've seen about Jesus' ministry (but it does not say much, because the others are just terrible). "Jesus Christ Superstar" is my favorite movie about the last days of Jesus ("The Passion of Christ" is too graphic), but I like how "Jesus of Nazareth", instead of ending with the death of Jesus, continue and show his resurrection.
