Scary Movie 3 is not as funny as its predecessors, but it still has its most fun moments. It all starts when the traveling journalist Cindy Campbell sets out to find a difficult new one in the middle of the television channels. She soon discovers a scandalous attack of developments threatening the world, including extraterrestrial invaders, video cassettes of killers, bizarre crop circles and much more. Cindy has to deal with massive conspiracies and a team of very strange people who follow her, but she must fight to prevent the evil from conquering the world once again. The plot is not a problem here because the first two were less of the plot. This time, they focus on Signs, The Ring, Matrix Reloaded and 13 km, as well as others, but not as much as the previous ones. The first was {imo} one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. The second was not so good but still quite funny. The third is slightly nice but nothing special. Let's just say it did not bother me to see him once but I probably would not want to see him again. The jokes are either random or misplaced and the funny ones usually appeal to Charlie Sheen. The lame ones usually involve Anthony Anderson because he is very overestimated. Why does he keep having a casting? We do not know because he's not funny. Anna Faris gives a funny performance and she is also a little underrated. Simon Rex shows potential because he was not so bad in reality. Regina Hall also comes back as Brenda and she gives a pretty funny performance. The rest of the cast was roughly composed of cameos. Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson probably had the most fun scene of all cameos. In the opening sequence, they assail The Ring and this scene turns out to be one of the most enjoyable of the film. Denise Richards, Queen Latifah, Camryn Manheim and many others also have cameos. David Zucker directs and if it is not another plane, it is not the daughter of another boss. It's useless to really analyze a pure and simple comedy as the main thing that people want to know if it's funny or not. As I said before, if you like it, you probably will not like it very much. In the end, I found it a little disappointing because the rating given by the PG-13 weakened it, but we can still enjoy it. Classification 6.3 / 10
