At first, I was disgusted by director Sun-Woo Jang because I felt that he had deceived me. Jang had the potential to create a strong and deeply emotional film about sex and its effects on people, but instead chose to focus on the pornographic element rather than the human element. I could not see the characters at first and his sloppy introduction mixing both realism and cinema was, at best, amateurish. yet this film stayed in my memory for days after watching it. What was left with me was not the story, nor the characters, nor the pornographic appearance of the film, but Jang's transition between Y and J. If you watch this film carefully, you will see that both begin in a phase of exploration of their relationship, eager to jump into the unknown, but not quite sure of the next step. As they continue to meet, exploring new ways of pleasure, they continually jump between the aggressor and the assaulted. Jang first explores the idea that J is the one who masters the situation, then, obsessively, the reversal occurs when J becomes obsessed with Y. It's a very small change and, because of the graphic content of this movie, it can easily be missed, but it's there. It seems clear towards the end when J can not live with Y, as their meetings become less frequent and J tries to be part of normal society. It was a huge element and very exciting to see in front of your eyes, but alas, it was the only element of this film that is worth watching. <br /> <br /> I will ignore those who talk about this film as nothing more than pornography, because there are human elements at the heart of this film, as underdeveloped as they are, they are the. It's a film about one facet of our life that is very rarely explored in the movies or in the newspapers. What happens behind closed doors is never known ?? or we should believe. While the act itself becomes repetitive after a bit, director Jang tries to change it a bit with ever-changing landscapes. Our characters are constantly moving from one hotel room to another to drink each other. It's fun at first, but again, Jang's repetitive sequence seems to make the process boring rather than exciting. This brings me to the biggest problem I had with this movie. Jang had a nice story with Gojitmal, but he failed (apart from the obvious choice of focusing directly on the pornographic side), that he was taking scenes, repeating them again and again, without changing himself in front of us for allow us to know the characters. Where was Jang going with this movie? Did he want sex to tell stories or did he think the characters would be? He failed in this sense because at the end of the film, we know so little about Y and J that we might worry less about how they resolve themselves. The end seems at best almost random while Jang tries to create a final resolution for our two absolute unknowns of this film. I have to give Jang a credit for trying, but not much. He tried to create sub-stories that would create the personal element we were missing, but they just could not stand together. Y's brother and J's wife were these conspiracy points, but again, because of his strong focus on the sexual element, these stronger sub-stories became unimaginable and dull. Maybe it was just the way I watched this movie, but apart from the sexual scenes, nothing else worked together. We did not know anything about J and Y and that's why Gojitmal failed. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that this film could have taken advantage of a solid score or a musical genre element very far from it. approach us, spectators, of the emotions felt by J and Y. According to my memories, and I try to push this film away from my mind, I do not remember any musical nuance. Gojitmal may have been a stronger film if Jang styled it with music or did something to refer to the beings in our character. Although I understand that he wanted sex to speak for itself, all that was missing was a technical element in this film that could have stifled a stronger desire to have more sex. Technically, it was a bad movie. Obviously, it was an independent film in nature, it was more like director Jang was trying to make symbolic references from scratch instead of your typical independent of this nature. I did not see as much social message or human element as the one mentioned above, I just felt that he had thrown this film together for two weeks and understood that sex would sell him enough . It was not a Larry Clark production; it was below normal and it needed absolutely a few extra technical clicks to develop it stronger than the final version! <br /> <br /> Overall, I think I could have loved this movie. There were smaller items that I liked, but I thought this movie was too fast, repetitive and too taboo-oriented instead of breaking them. The obvious pitfalls of this film can be seen by the last scene of this film when we are aware of how the title of this film was designed. Our characters were uneventful, our story was underdeveloped and we could have used something unforgettable to turn what was happening between Y and J into something more symbolic than sex. For me, Jang was trying too much to capture art home dating pornographic ?? and it failed miserably. It was not a movie that was worth the time and effort it took to do it. <br /> <br /> Note: ** on *****
