SPOILERS POSSIBLY VERY MINOR <br /> <br /> This film is presented as the first Russian horror film. Unfortunately, for me, "The Witch" (its Russian title) will occupy a place of disgrace in the gallery of horrible Russian films. It is based on Nikolai Gogol's "Niky" story, a classic in Russia. "Based" is the key word here because no familiarity with the story is required. Instead, the less you know about Gogol, the better. <br /> <br /> This is a unique production because we are used to the fact that filmmakers take stories from other cultures and adapt them to their own culture. The series of American remakes of foreign films is a good example, but Sturgess turned Kurosawa's Seven Samurai into Magnificent Seven with splendid results. Kurosawa transferred Shakespeare's Macketh to Japan to create an incredibly powerful Throne of Blood, while King Lear became a riveting Ran. However, with "The Witch", Russians transplant a classic Russian tale to American soil. The film was shot in Estonia in English in order to double it in English using American actors and reasonably synchronous lips movements. <br /> <br /> As a natural consequence, the Ukrainian history of history has disappeared, a dull little American town, apparently drawn from an obsolete horror book manual. The lame seminarian Khoma Brutus is gone. Instead, we have a boozy journalist who is about to win the Pullitzer Prize and writes on X-Files events at the same time and attends Miss Boobs competitions. (I never thought that the Pullitzer Prize was awarded to this type of writing, now I am humbly corrected.) In a strange wink to the Russian, the journalist is called Ivan Berkhoff. They should have named it John Smith because it is impossible to get more generic speech, clichés and credits than this movie. <br /> <br /> Berkhoff goes to a town called Castleville, finds himself stuck on a dirt road, staggers until he finds a dilapidated house and is not welcomed by an old man . All this, accompanied by a radio message stating that evil forces are the most powerful and that it is best to stay indoors and avoid the water. Should I mention that it is raining really hard? After some supposedly scary scenes that made me laugh, the story finds our journalist disguised as a priest, he is confused with a priest and the sheriff of the locality tells him that his daughter, who died after being brutally assaulted, wanted the new priest prays for her. Three nights. At this point, the action is supposed to start. Those who have time to kill are welcome. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? All, starting with the dialogue and then the accessories department. The dialogue I heard in Russian was clearly originally written in English and was exclusively composed of clichés and platitudes selected from American films. The actors struggled just as clearly with English because the timing of their speech was laborious and unnatural, and Russian dubbing followed. The acting is usually atrocious, and not only because the actors often have trouble speaking but also because they have nothing close to a range of facial expressions. For the most part, they are simply blank or desired. The only exceptions are the sheriff played by Lembit Ulfsak, ​​a good Estonian actor, and Arnis Lizitis, who plays a resident of Castleville in a wheelchair. Oh, and a cock of course that is absolutely natural in front of the camera! I know that actors complain of being surprised by dogs and cats, but when Nikolaev is surprised by a rooster, it is a sad testimony of the overall quality of the game in the film. <br /> <br /> There has not been a scary moment. in the whole movie, and there was not a single original moment in the movie either. Note that this comment comes from someone who is rather inexperienced with horror. The film is filled with standard moves used in horror movies since the genre's inception. At a critical moment, the camera lingers lovingly on a kerosene lamp. The lamp turns off quickly. He must have seen some horror movies as well. An example of supreme idiocy occurs at another time: a character jumps from a bathtub and runs in front of the camera. He is wearing something that looks like a loincloth! It does not become more stupid than that! <br /> <br /> Those who loved him in Russia claim that it should have been announced as a mystical thriller. I was not happy either. It was banal from start to finish. I particularly appreciated the fact that the whole population of the small town behaves as if she knew exactly what she was doing in a horror movie, except that she did not really know if she had zombies or not. As a result, some of them acted like zombies just in case. <br /> <br /> The directors of the film say that the goal is to find faith. Such a beautiful collection of silly acts, stupidly artificial moments and, yes, clichés, does not deserve to seek faith. The film is so fake and completely false that it only deserves to be exhibited in a museum of wax figures.
