What's inside?! Let me tell you. It's the presence of (Alec Baldwin). He's not a great actor, but maybe a good star with some good movies, which is not one of them. He did nothing here more than anything he did before or after. So, not to mention (literally!) The question of (Steve McQueen) playing the same role in the original role because I do not want to make this comparison in the first place. I'm not a big fan or even a fan of (Kim Basinger), she has had a lot of bad movies on her and even at her best she looks mean! And it really annoys me when we talk about its seductive rare beauty !! ?? Well, if being blond made someone captivating, I'll dye my hair in yellow as soon as possible! And what's going on with all the madness about Miss Basinger's Legs ?? !! It is surely madness or a bad taste? As I do not see them both as not only sexy, but ugly too! And if you hate it then kill me but you know what ?! I just watched this movie so I'm already dead! Yet, what would really make you suffer unbearably is that nothing of the credits is given to the one she deserves the most ... And of course, I mean (Jennifer Tilly) .. We are now talking about a real seductive chick with such an unforgettable body and a unique sense of seduction as a nasty brunette (Marilyn Monroe) although much healthier !! (I can not help it, she was the only new and observable thing here!). (Michael Madsen) as the villain was much more attractive and efficient than the good guys, (James Woods) is here to summarize the early events at the pool (so the trailer would be by his voice later!) And he knew above all else , it's all a Hollywood movie, so "Make yourself something, take your money and good luck as an actor in other films!", editing gives the film a serious personality and a violent atmosphere performed by an appropriate cinematography, the main goods (action, thrill, ..) are here and quite well done, although all echo for deep meanings on (types of betrayal) as the main dramatic motif of the whole not so loud if you do not wait. OK, it's a completely different remake without anything special (except Jennifer Tilly's spicy moments!), So I think I've tried to be as objective as I can and so I should not finish my comment in saying that (Basinger) or whoever here would have done better. that this movie .. That would be an insult because frankly .. Everything is better than this movie!
