Renowned photo director Freddie Francis (Glory, The Elephant Man) makes this very bad horror / drama movie. The 19th century England has a different view of how the practice of medicine should be treated than Dr. Thomas Rock, the law stating that only convicted criminal bodies can be studied and experienced. But the stock of these bodies is small, and Rock needs more - and he prefers them cooler. As a maverick in his entourage, he starts paying people to find bodies he can study and test. Desperate firebags, Robert Fallon and Timothy Broom, get wind of this job opportunity and start murdering people and selling these bodies to Rock. Naturally, this kind of action has much worse consequences than practicing on the dead bodies of non-criminals and creates problems for everyone. Although all seems intriguing on paper, almost everything about The Doctor And The Devils is ridiculously bad. <br /> <br /> After the first fifteen minutes of the movie, you're already starting to question yourself about your decision to sit down to watch the movie. The look of the movie is just ugly. Seeing that the film was taking place in the slums of England in the 19th century, the filmmakers probably had an "ugly" look, but they did not do it in a clever way. Everything from decors to cinematography just looks cheap, weak and disgusting. In addition, just about everything in the scene is filled with things you just can not take seriously, and most of the time it's about someone (whether small or major roles) that does something that looks or seems completely ridiculous. Of course, Francis did not help his actors a lot. <br /> <br /> Jonathan Pryce and Stephen Rea play the twisted pals of the movie, Fallon and Broom, respectively, and are very huge but very bad. Their characters are crazy by nature, but Pryce and Rea exaggerate the parts to death. They have a hard time keeping the same accent from one stroke to another - Pryce in particular goes from Cockney to Irish, through Long John Silver, to some sort of lagoon creature, and so on. It's also a disconcerting sense of humor to see Twiggy in this movie, let alone play a damn busy street, as she can not act to save her life (although her song in the final credits is not that funny). Boy, she surely has come a long way: from "flower power" to "I'm going to undress for a shillin '!" As bad as these three actors are in this film, Julian Sands wins the award for the film's worst performance. He is just as lame as possible, trying to laugh, attempt after laughing, describe anger, love, happiness, anxiety - choose an emotion, any emotion! <br /> <br /> The doctor and the devils have only one good thing: Dr. Rock's performance by Timothy Dalton. Despite being surrounded by cinematic sewers, Dalton is quite excellent; giving an electric portrait of an overly motivated but good man. Too bad the rest of the movie could not have been as good as Mr. Dalton ....
