I can understand what Barney is trying to achieve, but after spending the evening in a university movie theater, I could not help thinking ... when will it end? Two hours and fifteen minutes, very long and heavy. I had only seen part of Cremaster 3 on DVD and I knew what to expect. That said, experimental films such as this one are better digested in small increments. There are some beautiful / horrible pictures ... including the title sequence (no kidding), but if you expect that you are expecting a plot or meaning, then you are plunged into a long sleep path. I managed to stay awake during everything I did (if it's a compliment), but most of the time, I was waiting for a meaning or a story ... a big mistake. Among the collection of images, there is a very ornate gift-wrapping ceremony, the creation of a disgusting dish consisting of petroleum jelly plates formed of a cookie cutter and dotted with shrimp (this is served to the crew of the ship throughout the film), a large cheesecake with sprawling fat in the center and the mutual evisceration of Bjork and director Matthew Barney, which results in a sort of strange communion, followed by their transformation in creatures resembling whales. The soundtrack is sometimes beautiful and annoying ... sometimes even exasperating. At one time, Bjork was singing a song that went hand in hand with the ephemeral rituals that were unfolding before us, and at other times there was only a constant buzz of a high-pitched instrument, to which we see a mysterious woman play at the beginning and end of the movie. If it sounds insane, it's because it's NOT! If this sounds like your cup of tea, then you'll love it! If this sounds like something you probably will not like, then stay away from it, as you will probably be leaving the theater midway, like many people at the screening I attended. This is the very definition of an art film. You get what you get out of it. But otherwise, there is not much there, except for a few oddities and constant construction and deconstruction rituals. I'm glad there's a place for films like this, but I can not say I'd like to come back. However, I can not say that I would not want to see a Barney Cremaster movie from beginning to end and compare it with that. I think, maybe now that I know what to expect, I could enjoy something like that more. To give you an idea of ​​the type of understanding of this movie, I probably would have preferred it to be better if I had been smashed. Again, it could have been twice as long, and it would REALLY have gained weight. Certainly not for everyone.
