Winter Kills is a dreadful, incoherent and very disappointing plot comedy thriller by little known director William Richert. Watching the movie, I really felt like I was the Emperor of the classic fable The Emperor's New Clothes. The film made me feel silly because I could not do the head or the tail of the serpentine plot and absurd characters. But I felt a little embarrassed to confess that the film tied me to my brain. So I held to the end, hoping that all the tangled mess would unravel. Then I realized ... that the film is supposed to be serpentine, absurd and illogical, because that is the main goal. This is a satirical look at conspiracy theories and theoreticians, with the intricate plot being used as a metaphor for the tying of truths, half-truths, and lies that define any plot. Even when I realized that the joke revolved around me, I still thought that Winter Kills was a rather awful movie. <br /> <br /> The young Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) is the youngest brother of a former president of the United States who was murdered in Philadelphia. Nick is present when a dying man claims to have shot at the president and given detailed information about where he hid the weapon. Nick follows the clues, but at every step, the people who help him seem to die in mysterious circumstances. In addition, his father, Pa Kegan (John Huston), a vulgar and disgusting businessman, is constantly involved in Nick's investigation. The more he gets involved in the assassination, the more Nick realizes he's diving into a network of complex lies and red herrings, where nothing is as it seems and no one can trust. <br /> <br /> The film is a nightmare to follow and, in many ways, it is not worth trying to do for the aforementioned reason, which is such that it deliberately confuses itself. The cast is packed with extraordinary talent, but most of them are wasted. Toshiro Mifune has one of the shortest and most useless cameo roles in film history; Elizabeth Taylor seems uncredited and does not have a single line of dialogue; We give Richard Boone what seems to be an interesting role, but his character is not going anywhere. John Huston plays the best role as a powerful patriarch and gives us the pleasant moments of the film with his sharp speech. Anthony Perkins also has a scary role and handles it well, although his on-screen time is far too short to do justice to the character. Some scenes of nudity and sex are inserted for no real reason and, even if they are pretty graphic and can attract voyeurs, they really belong to another film. The height of the semi-comic film is ridiculous and disappointing, but paradoxically memorable in its strangeness. There is obviously a cult crowd out there somewhere for Winter Kills ... but I do not count myself among his numbers.
