Altered Species begins on a Friday night in Los Angeles, where Dr. Irwin (Guy Vieg) and his laboratory assistant Walter (Allen Lee Haff) burn midnight oil as they continue to try and perfect a revolutionary new drug called "Rejenacyn". As Walter recounts the last unsuccessful attempt in the sink, the pipes sink the fluorescent green fluid into the basement where escaped laboratory rats begin to drink it ... Five friends of Walter, Alicia (Leah Rown in a very attractive outfit, including boots she tramples a rat with), Gary (Richard Peterson), Burke (Derek Hofman), Frank (David Bradley) and Chelsea (Alexandra Townsend) decide that he is working too hard and that he has to go out to plan pick up and party all night. Back to the lab and the cleanser Douglas (Robert Broughton) was attacked and killed by the now homicidal rats in the basement, while Walter was injecting the last batch of serum into a laboratory rat that was escaping from his cage while he was growing at incredible speed. . Walter's friends introduce themselves but he can not leave until the rat is still away, so everyone helps him look for him. All six become potential food for rats ... <br /> <br /> Also known as Rodentz Altered Species, he was co-edited and directed by Miles Feldman and has very little to recommend him. The scenario of the producer Serge Rodnunsky is mediocre and associated with the general mediocrity of the production. Altered Species is really lame. For starters, the character is stupid, boring and cliche. Then there is the non-original plot with the mad scientist, the monster he created, the isolated location, the failed human casting and the final showdown between hero and monster. Everything is there somewhere. Altered species are evolving at a reasonable pace, which is about the best thing I can say about it and, fortunately, does not last that long. It is essentially a mutant and banal mutant rat movie, but not particularly good. <br /> <br /> The director Feldman films like a TV movie and the whole thing is completely bland and forgettable. some special effects and attack scenes leave a lot to be desired. For starters, the CGI rats are awful, the attack sequences show jerky camera movement and very fast changes to try to hide the fact that all the rats sit passively. At different times of the modified species, the rat cages have to shake because of the movement of the rats but you can clearly see all the rats sitting next to it, while someone shakes the cages off the screen. The giant rat monster at the end looks rather poor since it is only a guy in a dark suit. There is no fear, tension or atmosphere. Since when are the basements lit with neon? There are one or two beautiful pieces of coolness here, someone has a pretty big messy hole where his face was, there is a severed arm and a decapitation, a lot of rat bites, somebody whose the eyeball is torn out and a dead cat mutilated. Technically modified species are below standard. It takes place within the confines of a building, has inexpensive CGI effects and low production values. The acting is not exaggerated but it's not bad and a special mention to Leah Rowan as Alicia, she is a little babe and makes the altered species a little nicer and easier to watch ... < Altered Species is not a particularly good movie, it's actually a pretty bad movie, but I guess you could do worse. Not great, but it may be worth watching if you are not too demanding and have nothing to do.
