Nell Shipman must have received a large sum of money to promote the off-road capabilities of the Maxwell car. The plot of the movie is pretty simple, Nell plays a writer who has a bad writing case and needs inspiration, so she travels to Mexico to soak up the atmosphere. There she meets the hero (Bert Van Tuyle), a cowboy who chooses to drive a car rather than ride a horse. While Nell visits his father's mate in his mining camp, a gang of local bandits kidnap her and take her to their encampment in the depths of nature. The hero must join her quickly, so he decides to go there by car. This is where the film takes a strange turn. Bert pursues his way on every imaginable terrain, huge rocks, small streams, thick brush, steep tree stumps, steep slopes, and so on. Now, notice that this is not a modern ATV, it's a 1920's Maxwell car, so it looks totally irrelevant as an all-terrain vehicle. And he clearly has limits for some of the terrain he encounters, we can see him stuck more than once in this movie. But the filmmakers made an effort to show it, beating all the obstacles and eventually overcoming all the obstacles. Once the hero arrived in the hidden camp and rescued the girl, he jumped into the car with her and left with the bandits in pursuit (on horseback), and at this point, it became hysterically funny to me. Watching the car slowly roll over huge boulders, get stuck in gravel and undergrowth, move back and forth to get enough momentum to pass over the branches of a tree, the bandits should have had enough time to catch up. But they never do, even though we must believe that this pursuit outdoors continues all night. And in a stupid climax, the car climbs a mountain, and helps Nell and the hero to push a huge rock to the side to crush the chasing bandits. <br /> <br /> After seeing this film, one would think that the army would have to invest in 1920 Maxwell cars because they obviously have better off-road capabilities than the Hummers and Bradley tanks combined. Watch this movie just for fun, it's worth it to see Nell snuggle up against the grill of the car and say "You did your best, brave little car"
