to train a movie audience - I'm certainly stunned by the number of positive comments this miserable movie has garnered here. I can not credit it, I can not help but be wary, moreover, of the positive spinoffs in the alleys of critics for those who extol Annette Bening for an Oscar; the hole in the kitchen ceiling could be more appropriately attributed to its chewy landscapes. She is a wonderful actress, but it's a sadly unbalanced performance, without the essential quality actors who have to master the pace of the scenario and maintain it for the duration of the disjointed madness that is a shoot. <br /> <br /> I do not really want to blame Miss Bening or most of the other performers (well, Gwyneth Paltrow has no excuse for his confusing job), though, because it's a horrible adaptation, a classic case of bad translation (I have not read the book and I do not think I will do it after). The scenario plunges us into the medial confusion of irresponsible behavior and extreme emotional anguish emanating from mystifying characters who have developed relationships neither with us nor between us. It quickly becomes a grotesquely excessive, tsunami-like assault, which defiles the characters and the public and leaves me as a survivor shaking his head in front of the detritus left at the end of each repetitive episode. Shock and wonder would describe my reaction to the frenetic and bipolar mood swings between unbridled and soft sensibility, the latter being telegraphed by one of the most irritating, manipulative and drone soundtracks I've heard - that is, to say is not set on ridiculously incongruous toons - vintage stuff, you know, but chosen with astonishing contempt for the tone of the scenes. <br /> <br /> How did this beautiful cast get mixed up with that? I can not believe they saw the script before signing. They certainly apply their skills with determination - I felt really sorry for the wonderful Jill Clayburgh, struggling with a woman's suit and a cartoon bag wig, who was trying in vain to extract something important from a summary dialogue and cliché. On the other hand, Alec Baldwin stands out from the material to offer a consistent, nuanced and real performance. Can anyone give this man a leading role of substance, please? And what about Rachel Evan Wood - or Joseph Fiennes? One might think that the industry could use it better, and without appearing as shaggy as Elliot Gould in M.A.S.H. <br /> <br /> My vote? A standup turd, alright, but no connection with the sky.
