When an assassination attempt on the Ohtar emir, an Arab potentate visiting Washington, is saved by a waitress named Sunny Davis. Sunny becomes a national hero and a media celebrity. As a reward, a job within the protocol section of the US State Department is offered. Unbeknownst to him, however, state department officials who offer him this post have a hidden agenda. <br /> <br /> A map we see shows Ohtar lying on the borders of Saudi Arabia and South Yemen, in an arid desert region known as Rub al-Khali, or empty district. In real life, a state of this place would have a population of almost zero and a strategic value of almost zero, but for the purposes of the film, we must accept the fact that Oth'ar has immense strategic importance during the Cold War. and that the US government, who are eager to build a military base there, must do everything in their power to stay on the right side of its leader. It appears that the Emir took a liking to the attractive young woman who saved him and that he made an agreement with the State Department; they can have their base provided he can have Sunny as the last addition to his harem. Sunny's new work is just a pretext to make sure the emir has new opportunities to meet her. <br /> <br /> A plot like this could have been the occasion for a hilarious satire, but the satirical content of the film is rather mitigated. Perhaps in 1984, the American public was not inclined to a sharp satire on the foreign policy of his country; It was, after all, the year in which Ronald Reagan's presidential election had taken forty-nine out of fifty states and his hard line with the Soviet Union was clearly deteriorating. with the voters. (If the film was shot a few years later, as a result of the Iran / Contra affair, its tone might have been different.) <br /> <br /> The film is not so much a satire that a vehicle for Goldie Hawn to show its mark of kindness and charm. Sunny is a typical Goldie character: pretty, sweet, naive and not too bright. There is, however, a limit to what you can do with kindness and charm, and you can not automatically turn a bad movie into a good movie by simply turning the main character into a silly blonde. (In fact, it looks more like a recipe for making a good movie a bad movie). Goldie does her best to save this one, but never succeeds. Part of the reason is the incoherent way his character is portrayed. On the other hand, Sunny is a sweet and innocent peasant woman from Oregon. For her part, it's a 35-year-old woman who works in a shady bar and wears a revealing suit. The effect is a bit like imagining Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm as an adult and adult rabbit girl. <br /> <br /> The most important reason why Goldie is not able to save this movie is that even the best comedian or actress is no better than his material, and "Protocol" is simply not funny. Whatever the humor, he is tired and tense, based on offensive stereotypes about Arab men who apparently covet all Western women, especially if they are blond and blue-eyed. There was a lot of that kind of thing in the mid-80s, because it was also the period when Ben Kingsley / Nastassia Kinski's awful "Harem" movie was about a lascivious ruler of the Middle East kidnapping a young woman US. the mini-series of the same name that tells a story virtually identical with a period decor. The filmmakers seem to have understood that their film would not work like a pure comedy, because it turns towards the end into a kind of "Mr. Smith in Washington". Sunny goes from a blonde bimbo to a source of political wisdom and begins to issue all sorts of platitudes about democracy and the Constitution and the duty of the citizen to vote and of us, the people and how the price of freedom is vigilance eternal blah blah blah ???? but in reality, the film is no more successful as a political parable than as a comedy. <br /> <br /> Goldie Hawn has produced a number of good comedies, such as "Cactus Flower", "Overboard" and "House", but "Protocol" is not one. I have not seen all his films, but those I've seen, this terrible comedy is by far the worst.
