This film wants to point out that criminals are a product of modern society. Therefore, thieves, rapists and murderers (the killer of this film, Carl Panzram (James Woods), are the three and the worst) can they be held fully accountable for their actions? An interesting concept, but very difficult to present on the screen in a satisfying way intellectually and emotionally. And that's where Killer: A murder journal is very short. Although the film tries to put Panzram's behavior in perspective, with a look back at his violent youth and dysfunctional education, the viewer never understands that Panzram is a victim rather than a culprit. Of course, the system is corrupt, with a gangster occupying the entire Bay of Leavenworth Prison (where most of the film takes place), most of the prison guards are sadistic tyrants and the prison director looks like a megalomaniac despot. But why on earth does new prison guard Henry Lesser (Robert Sean Leonard) have such pity on Panzram? Even after reading his appalling diary? The film offers an explanation: the lesser witnesses are hit hard by the most sadistic (and most stereotypical) guard, and Panzram is impressed by Panzram's intelligence (although it's hard to understand why Lesser think this man is so smart). This is certainly not enough to sympathize with a hostile man like Panzram, even if this film tends to minimize his crimes and highlight his personality. With regard to Lesser, Panzram is rather faithful and the viewer has the impression that, for Lesser, it outweighs all the atrocities he has read in Panzram's newspapers. Does this man, Lesser, have so few friends that he takes for cash everybody who seems to him only very friendly? Perhaps Lesser is a product of modern society, judging by its appearance rather than its substance. <br /> <br /> I can advise Monster, starring Charlize Theron and Christina Ricci, as a film treating about the same themes more integrity and scope. <br /> <br /> BTW: The killer seems to have filmed himself for television (not very good)
