Using tons of archive footage, not only of Trader Horn, but also of the first two movies in the series (for example, the alligator battle was used last time), this is one of the most lowest in the MGM series. This is a huge disappointment after the classic Tarzan and his mate, which is probably the best movie in the series. <br /> <br /> The plot has caused Jane's cousins ​​to come into the jungle to tell her that she inherited a fortune. I'll come back and claim it. They have been in some trouble since the parent who left him the money cut them off from the will. Hiring a big white hunter who secretly wants to capture Tarzan and sell him, the couple heads into the jungle where they face the usual jungle troubles (especially because of the sequences of images). After many discussions, Jane decides to return to civilization and we have long sequences of Tarzan and Jame doing the kiss. Finally, during the last half hour, the plot to capture Tarzan is set in motion and things finally become interesting as plans go wrong and things seem very sinister for all concerned. a troubled production. the film seems to have been assembled from several different films, the first half-hour playing as an almost exact rehearsal of the previous film. The central third shows signs of dilation and intrigue that ultimately led to nothing. The last third where Tarzan is captured and the party is jeopardized is when the film comes back to life (it also shows signs of graphic violence that required much of the re-shooting of the film). For me, it is a great wonder to see how the series could continue from here since this film is not very good (except at the end). It would be hard for me to explain it except that I would say that it was the relationship between Weissmuller and O'Sullivan in the role of Tarzan and Jane, which prompted people to come back. It's a beautiful couple and it's really one of the biggest couples on the screens. <br /> <br /> (I should also mention that it's the fact that the movie has become less real and more fantastic with the appearance of the Tarzan tree I do not really like the first hour of This movie is a big waste of time and energy, so if you can get to the end, I'd suggest you try the movie, otherwise I'll skip the whole movie and go to the next movie in the series.
