In the small American town of Meadowvale, Dr. Anthony Blake (David Gale, the IMDb list of this character is false, it's really Dr. Blake, not Dr. Blakely) is the director and founder of the famous "Psychological Research Institute" ", as well as local TV show called" independent thinkers ". He uses this T.V. show to hypnotize viewers and make them commit acts of violence. Dr. Blake has a big, evil-looking brain that uses his spine like a tail. Usually, the brain is sitting in an aquarium, eating mice and a bad actor, every time he eats someone, he gets a lot bigger. Meanwhile, at local high school, Jim Majelewski (Tom Bresnahan), a gifted but troublesome teenager, was caught throwing Sodium into the bathroom. Jim is sent to Dr. Blake's PRI to help him solve his attitude and behavior problems. Although Dr. Blake meets Jim, something I do not really know. Whatever it is, it is attached to the brain. At first, Jim is able to resist mental control of the brain. The brain thinks Jim is a threat to himself and that's planned. Once out of the PRI, Jim starts having weird hallucinations and plants his car. Jim goes to his girlfriend waitress, Janet (Cynthia Preston as Cyndy Preston), but is returned to the assistant of Dr. Blake, Verna (George Buza), shortly thereafter by the agent Marks (Harry Booker). The brain wants to kill Jim because he is the only one able to resist his mental control techniques, and with the "independent thinkers" becoming national, the brain does not stop anyone from putting an end to his diabolical plan of global domination ! Jim quickly realizes that the brain controls the entire city and that he alone must stop it before it invades the world! <br /> <br /> Led by Ed Hunt, who calls himself Edward Hunt, the brain was not as bad as I thought it was going to be. Do not get me wrong because it's certainly not great either. Barry Pearson's scenario attempts a satire with T.V's story of brainwashing and mental control. He is moving at a reasonable pace and is not too boring. No explanation is given for the existence of the brain, it's just there and that's why we have to accept it. The story is a little agitated and never explores a single element, there is the mental control of the television, the brain itself, Jim is pursued by the police and his misbehavior and various other small pieces here and there , including a weird revelation about Dr. Blake that is not explained at all. As far as production is concerned, this film seems cheap and probably cheap. The acting is not great but I saw worse, and what does David Gale do in all of this? In fact, this role is similar to the role of Gale in Re-Animator (1985), even at the death of his character in both films. At first, the brain itself sits in a tank and starts to grow each time it eats someone and in the end, it is big enough. Every step is just made of rubber. It does not look particularly good and is not scary or scary, just cheap. There is no blood or blood in it except a wink and you will miss the decapitation. Nudity is provided by Vivian, Dr. Blake's assistant (Christine Kossak as Christine Kossack) before she is eaten. The brain had some entertainment value for me, but I think most people would not like it. It may be worth watching if you can see it for free on T.V.
