The version of this film that I saw was called "Horror lifts from the grave". The horror in question is an evil medieval magician interpreted by the Spanish legend of horror, Paul Naschy, who appears to play Abanazer in a panto of the parish hall. He gets up from his grave when a stupid descendant (I think he is a descendant, as he is also interpreted by Naschy) returns to his ancestral land and reunites the head and the body of the magician, separated by the wizards who have executed, in an attempt to stop it, uh, coming out of the grave. <br /> <br /> Of course, once your head and body are together, hell is unleashed and many people die. Like all good wizards, Abanazer has a beautiful assistant here. This one is interpreted by another great Spanish horror, the beautiful Helga Line. Like virtually every other woman in the movie, Line periodically releases her kit. There is a LOT of nudity in this movie, not just female. We can even see Naschy's horny body, which is not nice to see, I can tell you. Most angles of view of the film are ridiculously free. There is a particularly amusing scene in which Naschy and Line discuss their diabolical plans, then suddenly decide to take both of them at the head of the young nubile blonde they have possessed. Gordon Lewis is the perfect moment when Line plunges his hands into a man's chest to take away his heart. <br /> <br /> The best part of the movie is the pretty zombies that pop up towards the end. They are quickly scared by fire and do not come back. Which is a shame. The scene where the zombies get up, however, is the most ridiculously inept moment of the movie. All of this is going on in length, and we have no idea what happens until we see numbers stumbling from a distance. There are several moments of waste like this, largely because of a bad edition. When a worker falls under the hypnotic charm of Naschy's head, his face closes more and more and seems to last forever and serve no purpose. <br /> <br /> In the end, it's not a big horror movie, but an entertaining film. enough. Of course, the version I saw was a doubled American version that was probably cut into pieces. As far as I know, the original Spanish version could be a masterpiece ...
