To say that Thunderbirds is a horrible, forced, in front of you, ugly, naughty to listen to and painful to watch a movie would not be enough to say. I see only two reasons why you would watch this movie: 1; you saw Thunderbirds when you were young (like me) and are curious to know what it looks like, but you will only watch to see how much they have ruined everything. Or 2; you see it with someone under the age of ten. <br /> <br /> Thunderbirds manages to give the desire to go out of their way. The list goes on and on, but there are other more subtle and humiliating things that are painfully obvious when you think about it. From the beginning, Thunderbirds is wrong, wrong, wrong. The whole moral message and "purpose" is set awfully: Jeff Tracy (A new low for Bill Paxton) tells his youngest son, Alan, that he has not yet turned out to be a Thunderbird after Alan decided to fall into randomness The bowels of Tracy Island to ignite Thunderbird One. The entire film is then a series of events and firefalls consisting of an attempt at proof by Alan while his father and other brothers are trapped in the space aboard Thunderbird 5. The film relies on the role of young actors the film: Alan Tracy (Corbet), 16, Tin Tin (Hudgens), 16, and Fermat (Fulton), 14, who is the son of Brains. To say that looking at the "adventures" they are preparing for is painful is a euphemism. Frequently trying to act and use the script while fighting the nasty "Hood" (Kingsley) in a ridiculous and ridiculous way serves as entertainment throughout the film; it only differs when everyone is in a different place. In addition, the whole process of "mental control" was very tiring and dragged the movie into overuse and offered our heroes a way to see weakness in The Hood? forced and accessory. <br /> <br /> I know that most 'children's movies' are trying to incorporate some kind of adult material, but in Thunderbirds, it's done to fetish Lady Penelope. Sophia Myles plays Penelope and I think it's no coincidence that she's a little older than the rest of the kids. at 24, it's almost too good to be true. His scenes are often very busy and carry an erotic push. We see her in the bath, bubbles in her neck watching television; his butler comes in and takes a look as she changes channel seductively with her wet foot, naked and covered with bubbles. Frequent shots of her high-heeled shoes, bright pink, massive and shiny, filling the screen in various scenes: this is what happens for the first time when she is tied up and the second during a fight in the fist with another woman! Coupled with this, her bright pink costumes that reveal just enough but cover them are particularly noteworthy, just as her way of moving and talking with this dominant and dominant English accent; sound like a dominant mistress (well, she's LADY Penelope after all ... and you'd better call her that way) All of this is laughable, but the editing is so fast that the kids will not notice it, but that's for sure ! is here. <br /> <br /> The plot of The Hood that does all it does to rob a few banks is very weird, the characters who are his bodyguards: a woman with a geek look and a black man with hard body that gets a lot agitated. Are we supposed to laugh? What about battle scenes? Cascades badly choreographed and what the hell was he with these idiotic sounds? It's totally, quite laughable. <br /> <br /> The list is long. The way Bill Paxton plays the game so seriously, as if he had been told that they were going to do it one way but that it was done in another way, as the Ford automaker's logo was slapped everywhere. Newsletter: Sponsored by Ford, the camera will sometimes even support Ford many times when cars are being photographed, as the CGI looks like something from a video game video clip ?? it's infuriating. The fact that we are told to believe that a 16-year-old girl can swim in the frozen Thames, against the tide, save a fallen monorail (monorail over the Thames !?), Back to the trap and so ; save the day while holding your breath. It's absolute bull and the makers know it ?? I do not even know if a 10-year-old would swallow it. <br /> <br /> In short: avoid, avoid, avoid. Thunderbirds is maddening, unimpressive, poorly written and even the Rolls Royce was released and replaced by a flying car ?? everything that could go wrong was bad.
