The original Thunderbirds have earned a place in the history of television. It was and is still very popular - indeed, the first 10 minutes of the Wallace and Gromit movie (the Wererabbit) is a direct Thunderbirds climb, which allows you to replay the Thunderbird 2 launch sequence directly, believe me, take the movie, then a copy of the original episode where Thunderbird 2 is launched). <br /> <br /> This movie was a rude attempt to make a children's movie - when the original was loved and enjoyed by kids and adults! In the original, the Thunderbirds spent all their time rescuing people often trapped when Mother Nature or technology went terribly wrong (yes, there was also an occasional foul play). Thunderbirds put their lives and resources at risk without reward - the very essence of heroism and altruism. There was little physical violence. The Thunderbirds have challenged the imagination to a certain extent: how many of us would dream one day to build a Thunderbird 2? And do not underestimate the power of entertainment to do it - many Japanese attribute their fascination for humanoid robots to the old Astroboy cartoon. <br /> <br /> But this film was a bad image of the original. This film appeared as a mix between Thunderbirds and Loony Tunes - I mean, we have Anthony Edwards in Brain imitating the stuttering of Porky Pig ????? Much of the action consists of Kung Fu / Power Ranger type fights. Indeed, there were fun sound effects when someone was nailing their head with a frying pan. The technology that unleashed our imagination was absent - instead, we have kids running around, using a plot device that was NEVER in the original series (having the whole team unstuck at once, leaving the base occupied by children and Brain). Then there was a dose of mysticism "Use the Force Luke" when TinTin levitated something or other, coupled with The Hood using aerodynamics that seemed to come from "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon". All that was missing was The Hood: "TinTin, I'm your uncle" with a respirator. The heart that made the Thunderbirds unique was GONE. <br /> <br /> The only good thing was Ron Cook's portrait of Parker - he captured it perfectly. But the actress playing Lady Penelope fell on a child - HUH ???? <br /> <br /> And that's why we hate this movie. When someone broadcasts something that was popular among a fan base and expects fans to spend money watching, then he delivers something that does not even live up to what the fans are waiting - well, I'm sorry, it's simply. FALSE! Okay, so if they made a children's movie, all right, then distribute it directly to the video, to which many of them belong. But do not pack something in familiar packaging and do not change the bowels.
