"Thunderbirds" was an extremely popular show of the Sixties that transcended the years and generations to such an extent that it is still popular today, with adults and children alike, at its peak. Thus, one would infer the possibility of producing a real-life feature film with a million-pound Hollywood budget, which is an excellent opportunity to revive the series, as was done with "Spider- Man "and" The X-Men ". But a dreadful story and a bland act of acting obliterated this opportunity and it quickly became clear that all that was intended for this film was a trip to the basket of bargains in the section reserved for children. <br /> <br /> Instead of a film focused on Tracey's Five Sons, their father and confident geek. Brain strives to save people and protect the world, all our heroes, our hero, is a nasty dissatisfaction, Alan Tracey, 13, and Tin-Tin, 14 years old. Fermat, son of Brains, one year old (yes, Brains' son, though he is a man who surely could never score a woman if he tried, maybe he grown in a petri dish). As we can see from reading our three main characters, this 2004 remake "Thunderbirds" clearly aimed to entertain only children under 12 years instead of trying to appeal to a broad age group like those involved in the much higher revival of 'Spider-Man' did it. The plot itself was so bland with clumsy, awkward dialogues and weak jokes that would probably not please the brightest preteens. The screenwriter seemed more interested in the Spy Kids scam (which was at least original and original) instead of redoing the show that people know and love. <br /> <br /> Although Sophia Myles and Ron Cook were excellent as Miss Penelope and Parker, they had only three lines between them and their presence was barely felt. Bill Paxton's Jeff Tracey was just boring and there was only the slightest mention of Tracey's four other boys while Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley, respectively Brains and Hood, were just embarrassing. The Hood, in particular, is by no means threatening or sinister and looks more like a nasty camper, stereotyped to two bits, soft as a piece of rotting lettuce. <br /> <br /> Brady Corbet, who plays Alan Tracey, may be a good young actor, but it was hard to see that in a movie where he plays a whistling brat that just creaks and he The same goes for Vanessa Anne Hutchinson as Tin-tin since all she can do is pretty and be everything for 'Girl Power'. Ironically, it is the young Fermat of Soren Fulton who is the only interesting character of the film, because Fulton delivers a natural and relaxed performance. <br /> <br /> "Thunderbirds" will forever be remembered as an excellent show that proves puppets. can give solid performance! "Thunderbirds", the movie will be forgotten by most and held by some like a big flop.
