I've always thought that most big box-office flops usually have something to recommend, but after the remake of Around the World in 80 Days and Thunderbirds, I'm beginning to doubt it. For those unfamiliar, this is a puppet show about a family of astronauts who use state-of-the-art rockets, spacecraft and submarines to rescue people every week. victims of various disasters (falls from bridges, aircraft broken down, buildings on fire, etc.). Well, the puppets are gone (replaced by much more lifeless teenagers), as is the principle: one badly organized rescue and a brazenly uprooted plot of Spy Kids without any sign of imagination, wit or entertainment . The young Alan Tracey feels excluded from all the rescue that we never see like the other Traceys, because daddy will not let him play with a real rocket until he has passed his exams. Founded on a beautiful tropical island (punishment!), Her chance to shine comes when the rest of the family - a group of identikit blondes who look like a group of homosexual neo-Nazi boys without any characterization - are stuck in space and he must spend the day running in the jungle, making a phone call, pulling a pipe on the ugly comical villains and sprinkling them with grime to be careful. <br /> <br /> Good points are rare. One of them is that the film is mainly in focus. The other is that they all have to go to Seychelles, which is pretty. <br /> <br /> Negative points: where to start? The basic performance of Ben Kingsley? The acolytes of comedy highlighted above that would dishonor the Children's Film Foundation at worst? The almost total absence of action or effects in a $ 70 million science fiction movie? The terrible scenario, the lifeless direction, the odious moralizer? But the most important thing is that the movie is so condescending in every possible way. Forget the lessons of life and the feeling of belonging to the public, it's a movie that is directed at people under the age of eight and who knows that a children's movie is shooting and that speaks constantly to his target audience, introducing jokes and fifth-order routines. this would insult most children who had just learned the art of speech recently. This film could replace early bedtime without their dinner as parents' favorite punishment for children. <br /> <br /> The biggest flop in the history of British film (it did not even cover the cost of printing and marketing), it's pretty much observable, if only as a lesson on how not to make a summer movie.
