Johnathan Frakes is a good actor and, when he's not directing a family film, an excellent director. But, he really should not have directed this film and the script should have been rejected. The director and screenwriters must understand what the original TV show really is, as well as the characters' identities and how they work. The original series contained many episodes with very clear writing, using a good dialogue and situations that American producers would never dream of using in children's programming, much less a film, which made the original series so well received by adults. I mean, the Tracys were college graduates and some of them even drank alcohol and smoked tobacco! And, there were characters who were killed, although most are bad guys. If they had written as they had originally done, no frills, poor dialogue, kindergarten humor and weak plot, this Universal / Studio Canal joint venture would not have had such bad reviews. <br /> <br /> This film is almost pure blasphemy. If you've seen the original Supermarionation series, then you'll know what I'm talking about! <br /> <br /> The first thing that was misplaced and annoying was the constant references to the Ford Motor Company, even going so far as to say that Lady Penelope was walking in a disfigured Ford Thunderbird made to look like FAB-1. instead of using what would have been more appropriate given Mrs. Penelope's station (to say the least true to the original), a ROLLS-ROYCE FAB-1. She is supposed to be a distinguished member of British society, hence her preference for England's best auto brand of the original series. Another reviewer here said that Penelope would not be caught off guard in a Ford. He is about right in the context where the idea of ​​driving in a Ford does not work. At least they could have pushed Penelope into a Jaguar made as FAB 1 because Jaguar is a British brand owned by Ford, but NO! They had to use a FORD right! But the Ford product placement does not stop there. Every car you see is a Ford! Even the news that appears on the movie's TVs was sponsored by Ford! Ford, Ford, FORD! The predominance of Ford vehicles makes this film an obvious marketing vehicle for Ford. <br /> <br /> The original series had a futuristic design for the 1960s and stays ahead of its time even today. However, the futuristic design of the original series worked as there was an effort to make the design more practical and functional. This type of treatment did not exist in the film, where everything is stylized to a great extent, counteracting the sense of functionality and practicality. Many of the things that were done in the design of the film were done strictly for style, often without any sense of function to give this style a sense of reason. <br /> <br /> The original series was based on a good performance performance of the voice talent to overcome the limited expressions in the puppets, giving them life in the episodes. The brilliant and vivid score of Barry Gray helped even more to bring the audience closer to the story, the characters and the way everything went together to achieve the super goal (a bit of Stanislavski's conversation). The film, on the other hand, had excessively squeaky performances. Anthony Edwards played too much in Brains, Bill Paxton and Jeff Tracy did not work despite a decent acting game (one of the few), there were better choices for the Hood than Ben Kingsley, and many more than I do not want to mention (it would take too much time). Quite simply, the puppets were more credible! Second, Hans Zimmer, the too generic and disappointing score, which looks more like a mix between "Days of Thunder" and "Apollo 13". <br /> <br /> And, of course, the hood. The Hood of the original series had the ability to communicate with Kyrano via a Kyrano statue serving as an outlet for the ESP contact. But that's where his extraordinary ability ended. He is a master of disguise and deceit, which allows him to sneak up without being spotted (for the most part, anyway) to gather information about Thunderbird vehicles for his own. He also uses weapons for his own defense, including pistols, and generally collects information using a camera, although he attempted to steal Thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in the 1960 version of the American artists' film , "Thunderbird 6" (which was the last television show of the Thunderbirds Supermarionation and was the Thunderbirds' second theatrical release). But, although he is the enemy of International Rescue, the Hood is not the villain of all episodes of the Thunderbirds and he tends to avoid the direct confrontation with International Rescue. In the film, he is obviously the main villain, but he and his cohorts seem to behave more like morons, as well as Hood, who has a capacity for extensive mental control, including the ability to move objects and escape. for short periods. This completely derogates from the character of Hood in the original series, which may make laughing children and regulars in the series scratching their heads in confusion or leaving the theater with disgust. <br /> <br /> The critics do not miss. but the 1000 words limit for IMDb revisions will not allow me to list them all. So, I will end with the fact that I did not like this movie. In fact, I think it sucks! After seeing the original series and the films of Supermarionation (Thunderbirds Are Go, Thunderbird 6), I was hoping for something much better than this one. <br /> <br /> The original of Supermarionation was much more sophisticated and elegant than this live film. prank call. (And that's right.) - Kip Wells
