I am not a fan of the Left Behind book series - the books are written at a grade 6 reading level with a lack of research and understanding of science, technology and politics. Although books are able to remain faithful to the scriptures, their methods of fulfilling the prophecy are often ridiculous (an example is their explanation of the Russian / Arab invasion of Israel). In addition, the books have an indisputable preaching tone that will destabilize unbelievers rather than bring them to the gospel. Yet I found myself reading these books because of my interest in the events of Revelation. For a similar reason, I watched this movie adaptation. I am sad to say that it is a rather mediocre film at the edge of the poor. The acting is in fact rather suitable for most, sometimes with mediocre and over-acting passages. The scenario is rather bad, although it is hardly surprising to start from the novel as a base. The characters are poorly drawn and underdeveloped. Events seem scattered and disconnected. The dialogue sometimes seems precipitous. At least, the book has managed to flesh out his theory of hokey conspiracy. Here, the viewer is left with an incoherent mess that only makes sense if we read the book. The pace of the film is also very poorly executed, the opening and the conclusion seeming extremely rushed, and the medium causing an atrociously slow drag that makes it feel padded. The music is schizophrenic. Sometimes this highlights the mood and sounds appropriate for a movie. At other times, it reminds me of sitcom and mini-series music. And other pieces make me think of a poppy MTV soundtrack that just does not belong to the movie. I can give the film points for the panic scene aboard the plane, but that's it. Other scenes involving the disasters that followed the Rapture are far from convincing. The film also suffers from the preaching of the book, although its message is not so faithful. In total, I found the film as disappointing as the series. This is not the film to rally Christians. I hope this film will not catch the attention of cinemas next year. It would be more useless bad publicity for Christianity. For an example of a compelling, intelligent and well-researched series based on Revelation, which presents a realistic and Christian worldview without offending the secular reader (which should ultimately be the one a Christian seeks to attain), read Christ Clone trilogy of James BeauSe Lord. This is an excellent reading and a much better choice for unbelievers or believers who value quality.
