Never before have the motivations of the producers of a film been so transparent. Let's see: FIRST, they ask all televangelists to make this movie the biggest thing since sliced ​​white bread. NEXT, they encourage the largest number of fundamentalist Christians to buy copies of the film in order to recover its derisory production costs and increase its advertising budget. And FINALLY, when the film will be released in theaters, invite the greatest number of Christians to see it again, bust them in the multiplexes if necessary, NOT on the merits of the film itself, but because a number 1 will be inaugurated at the box office. considered a kind of profound spiritual victory. <br /> <br /> But that, of course, will not be enough. I imagine that any film critic with the audacity to give Left Left any appreciative critic will be deemed "anti-Christian". <br /> <br /> Of course, this ruthlessly manipulative marketing campaign should not surprise anyone. After all, it's a good old capitalism at work. What surprises me is how many people have been sucked into the overall "left behind" spirit. As a person who tries to balance his spiritual beliefs with a sense of reason and rationality, it leaves me scratching my head. It would seem that many, many people, really believe that an "abduction" will occur in the near future and that millions of people on Earth will disappear simultaneously in the AIR MINCE. I wonder in what kind of reality do these people live? Is it an "abduction" that they really believe in or is it something they vow to believe? And when they have reached the end of their lives and realize that this "kidnapping" did not take place, will they be disappointed and disillusioned? Will there still be people in 100 years who insist that "kidnapping" be imminent? <br /> <br /> In a way, I would almost like such an event to happen! What an interesting day it would be! What would be even more interesting is that if the Apocalypse occurs more dramatically, not in the anthropological sense that the authors of the series "Left Behind" have portrayed, but as a production of Stephen Spielberg, with Boiling clouds, trumpets, angels descending from the sky, Moon turned into blood, the whole nine meters. Imagine realizing that everything was being realized, as the evangelists had warned for years, and that there was something more impressive than the cold, hard and physical reality we live in. . THAT would not it be something ??? <br /> <br /> However, in the final analysis, it is this cold, hard and physical reality with which I will content myself. My life is not so meaningless that I need the fear of "kidnapping" and the "end of time" to make sense of it all. I do not need paradise or hell either to corrupt or scare me by behaving decently, thank you very much. a lot.
