It had been a long time since I had seen it the first time, so I watched it again with the second movie in the series. Although I know there is a third film that I have not seen yet, I will review it under the original title ... <br /> <br /> Just from the point of view of the value of production , writing on screen and making films. , this film fails on many levels, although it also succeeds on a few. What can you expect from a low budget "B" movie? Not a lot, and it works from the point of view of production. However, the writing is certainly disjointed, with little character development ... exactly what I expected when there was a diary for a movie. I did not have any problem with the acting ... the casting is solid; However, the scenario of the two films gives the actors few opportunities to really surpass themselves. Because the film is "Christian", this is predictable, because you can not properly describe the violent chaos of the "end times" without also breaking down some of the ethics that are normally associated with Christianity. In other words, the mistake is to turn that into a G-rated movie when the content, even in the most conservative Bible interpretations, would be r-valued by any measure. So if the purpose of the film is to scare people who believe in the Christian faith, then the film should be somewhat scary, right? However, you can not comment on a film adaptation of a book without commenting on the book or, in this case, a series of books. There is certainly a lot of Christian material worthy of becoming a movie ... but not the "Left Behind" series ... and these films end up failing because, while being bestsellers, they are badly written novels based on a bad theology. . <br /> <br /> As a Southern Baptist pastor, I admit that books were a guilty pleasure for me, even though I have not finished the last two books in the series yet. I described them as a decent fiction, and if the books took the view that it was a "possibility" or an interpretation of the subject of biblical eschatology (study of the "end of times" "), I could then live with that. , this series is a source of division in Christian circles because it promotes the "literalist" interpretation of all the scriptures over a more appropriate hermeneutics. In other words, as I've always said, God should not need our helicopters and bombs to do his ultimate job, but many people, especially unedited Christians, can not think of beyond their own means. From the perspective of the world, we remain with a conservative fundamentalist position regarding the interpretation of the Bible, and we try to portray it as the "only" interpretation. <br /> <br /> Thus, books carry with them an agenda, not so much to get the "lost" to understand their need of Christ, but to affirm that the fundamentalist view is the only valid way to understand the Bible. I remember very well having read (several years ago) in the second novel a scene where the characters refer to a person "remained behind" BECAUSE of his non-respect of this point of view; as if "true" Christians worthy of being "kidnapped" could not stick to another eschatology. This is troubling for a number of reasons, the least of which is that an "abduction" is only briefly mentioned in the scriptures and that its connection with the end-time prophecy is at best tenuous. <br /> <br /> But the real problem with these books is the way they divide the Christian community and describe their "true" Christian behavior. In the end, I feel that they are hardening more people to an otherwise legitimate religion or religion, instead of attracting people to it. This turns all Christians into caricatures, also scorned and ridiculed by the world despite the fact that there is a theological margin for a great diversity of beliefs in Christian thought and practice. As a Christian organization, overall, we have done enough of this type of damage over the course of 2000 years of history ... and we certainly do not need to promote it with movies or millions others. <br /> <br /> Thus, the films "left out" fail because the books "left out" do not deserve to be interpreted in movies.
