The legend of Bloody Jack unfolds in the Alaskan desert and begins as a family member of a dead murderer occult, Lumberjack reads incantations (style The Evil Dead (1982)) from an earlier book spells to try to resurrect it. a big supporter of the family unit, the lumberjack guy kills his parent. Two days later, Ray (Travis Quentin Young) and his sister Dawn (Erica Hoag), his boyfriend Nick (Craig Bonacorsi) and four of their friends stop in front of a comfortable log cabin (The Evil Dead .. .) with a view a relaxing weekend in the heart of nature. Unfortunately, the Lumberjack killer shows up with his ax and begins to slaughter friends one by one ... <br /> <br /> Edited, written, produced and directed by Todd Portugal, here is a modern rotten slasher Movies that kill the kind of horror for me, I'm just not a big fan of very low budget horror movies with the production values ​​of a holiday video. The script is absolutely horrible for 80 minutes, it contains all the slasher shots, the characters are awful, the dialogue is horrible and it's hard to worry about anyone in this worthless excuse for a teen slasher movie. Teens are even more annoying and stupid than usual, the scenario is more stupid, predictable and defective than usual, and the Lumberjack killer guy is just lame. Then there's the last 10 or so minutes, which, if you stick to it and you think it's difficult, produce one of the worst turning points in the history of the slasher film, which For me, we are laughing at the paying public who just had to sit for 90 minutes of shit. I will now spoil the end so that whoever does not want to know it stops reading now. Just before the end of the movie, it's almost like Ray telling a story and it turns out that he was telling the story of what we had just seen and Nick & Dawn and everyone else were scolding him for telling a story. bad story pain) and then proceed to pick holes and laugh. After saying why they were standing around and arguing, why did not they take the ax and that kind of thing, I felt it was making fun of the audience, it was the kind of thing I was wondering about looking at this shit drag it down the throat and make it clear that the designers knew the script was shit and could see all the holes in it and opt for a distorted end that shamelessly canceled the previous 80 minutes (which we just have to remember). is just a little shivering. Then, to add an insult to an injury, the Lumberjack guy shows up and kills everyone in less than two minutes, why did not he start it? It would have saved a lot of time for everyone. <br /> <br /> The director Portugal turns into a real mess. It's the worst continuity between night and day in a movie I've ever seen. The whole movie is supposed to happen at night and I guess the directors have tried to use the day and night process, but it did not work and most things seem to be placed during the day. For example, look when Lisa is stuck in the bathroom and goes out the window. It is clearly dark outside when we look from the inside of the bathroom, but when it falls to the ground and the movies are spinning outside, it is daylight. Then there's the fact that Ranger Vince says we can not send a research group here until "morning" indicates that it was supposed to be at night, then a few minutes later, when he goes out and it seems like it's in the middle of the day, he's actually carrying a lighted torch and he's showing it clearly in the directions where it looks like darkness. Whenever a scene happens in the cabin, look out the windows, it's dark outside and the Ranger enters to start with the door is another clear example. The continuity in this movie is simply the worst I have ever seen. There is not a lot of gore, there are some scenes of a penetrating ax in the body of people but nothing unforgettable. It is not scary, there is no tension or atmosphere and the horrendous continuity of night / day is so disturbing because it is so obvious. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is at its lowest, again, the continuity between night and day seen to believe how good it is. The special effects are mediocre and they could not even afford to show a car exploding, even though it's very important to the plot. This has an amateur hour written from beginning to end. The acting is absolutely brilliant and everyone involved should have an Oscar, a joke not to do, they are not really awful and even the girls who had their breasts were not very beautiful. <br /> <br /> The Legend of Bloody Jack is just a horrible teen movie, it looks like it was shot on a camcorder without a tripod or stabilizer, it has awful effects, is boring and ends with a twist that is either the most insulting in the history of the horror movie or I totally wrong it and it's the most intelligent. Not recommended, look at a decent slasher of the 70s or 80s to remind you how they should be done.
