I should say right away that I only ticked the box "spoilers" because I give this comment the amount of thought proportional to what this waste of a film deserves, and I do not want to be held responsible the accidental disappearance of a plot point. <br /> <br /> This comment will take the form of a tirade for the simple reason that I am still under the influence of this film, after watching it, and the unique effect that it has rendered makes it impossible to believe it the foresight and the structure of the paragraphs necessary for a reasoned and coherent criticism. It's not a compliment. This is not the narcotic effect of a truly hypnotic or thought provoking film. The feelings it arouses combine as an uncomfortable emotional voltron, composed of a confused mixture of some form of rage, the vague desire to take a shower, the feeling of true treason that one experiences without truth when one they realize that they gave 109 minutes. their life is in the hands of someone who is not only wasting it, but doing so pompously and naively. And I probably would not have done anything super productive with those 109 minutes anyway! But even if I had spent it on something trivial, like a potent block of online masturbation and poker, I would have felt more fulfilled when all was said and done. <br /> <br /> The problems with this film are innumerable, and in better times, I would express exactly what they were in a semi-adult way. But, in keeping with the merits of this film, I think I'll probably stick to the realm of jokes about masturbation and cartoons references. <br /> <br /> The most irritating and final flaw is that when you watch this movie, you are deeply interested. aware that producers and participants think they make a much smarter movie than they are. The jargon of art, which testifies to the depth of knowledge that one could acquire in a semester survey on the history of Western art in a community college or trade school, s' cluttered in all directions, and fueled largely by discussions between our heroes, the tortured detective Stan (Willem Dafoe, to whom I will forgive this film because it is Willem Dafoe) and his accented antique dealer friend, Blair (Peter Stormare, taking a break from playing a sociopath for whom murder is easy by playing 2-dimensional plot in a movie about a sociopath for whom murder is easy). And talk they do. In fact, we are immersed in this story on a crime scene that could indicate the reappearance of a serial killer, Stan thinks he killed him years ago. The whole story is set in part by a fuzzy flashback, but mostly through conversations between Stan and his reseller, or Stan and his colleague, ruthlessly annoying Carl (Scott Speedman). And although I differentiate the character Carl (Scott Speedman) from the actor who plays it using parentheses, I must admit that very early in the film, I despised this character so much that I found myself sincerely wanting that the actor is hurt. (Scott Speedman) Nothing too fancy. Not death or paralysis, necessarily .. But maybe herpes? Or maybe a stage light could fall on him and crush his arm? This is a dangerous digression, but I do not do editing because I want to let those who read it the idea of ​​paying to see the sinking of a film with a clear impression of desires and horrible feelings that he even arouses the most peaceful man. <br /> <br /> Well, I'm a little breathless here .. writing this, the feelings of illness that this film has aroused in me have calmed down, my head has a little clear. Realize now that I'm still investing time in something related to this piece of sh! T is surprisingly similar to waking up after a night of overly suicidal drinking next to the edgy form of a still-asleep 200-pound schoolboy. Your first need is a desperate desire to flee. It's natural.
