Initially, I attributed to this episode a score of two; I would like to think about it now. I also want them to have negative evaluation options. <br /> <br /> Looking at her, I was amazed at how poor the situation was from beginning to end. I love Ron Pearlman and John Carpenter ... so what was wrong? Last season, episode 13 was shot due to the way he dealt with the problem of abortion. I think this season, Mr. Carpenter has managed to create such a gray area that it's impossible to see immediately if he's pro-choice or anti-abortion. Only after thinking about it did I realize he was very anti-abortion. You understand it very well at the end, when the "mother" shot at the baby and killed him, to the dismay of the "father", who goes away sad, leaving the mother unharmed. But you also see it in the way that Ron P.'s character is treated - I do not think that if someone had been sufficiently threatening in the past to have a restraining order against him, he would not call immediately the police. . Instead, we have the guard who treats him with sympathy (only to pay him at the end) I do not mind someone having a firm opinion on something, even if it's not something on which I agree, but I think it's a bit lame not to stick to that view, rather than trying to give the impression that they are sitting somewhere in the middle. <br /> <br /> But political problems aside, this episode was beyond poverty. The music was from the 70s and just did not work. The acting (other than Ron P.) was poor. The effects were awful - it might have been better not to show the monster at all than to show the lame excuse of a monster they had. <br /> <br /> All that being said, I'm glad they have the Masters of Horror. It does not bother me that I go through really bad episodes to find the right ones. It's a bit like renting horror movies in the video store. From time to time, you get a good one and it's worth it. I agree with the poster saying that maybe the name had to change to Masters - some of these people just do not deserve the title. (Let me emphasize that even though I hated this episode, John Carpenter deserves the title TOTALLY.) He's a master at the same time.)
