I went to a video store and looked for horror movies. After about 30 minutes, I rushed to pick a few. I came across "Masters of Horror" which contained "Pro-Life" and "Right to Die". They looked good, even horror shit at the same old cheese, but I was interested for some reason. There was talk about Pro-Life on the case of being a classic, a fit back for John Carpenter (I loved his "The Thing", so I thought it would be nice) and all that. So I thought it would be something great and interesting. I was very wrong. It started off casually, just a girl crossing a forest scared of something. A car stops and takes her in her arms (as if she were the person she needed to see, incredible?) They take her back to a clinic and examine her. At the same time, all this happens, his father appears at the doors and they do not do it. allow him to enter, he is not aloud near the area. Most likely something he would have done in the past, but you do not know it yet. He really does not want his daughter in this place, an abortion center. He is very strongly opposed to such acts, believing that it is disgusting and not what "God" would want. He "supports" what I heard is called "Pro-Life". Acting against abortions and going to extremes to allow babies to be born, they are sick. They do not like the life of an unborn child, when they have already killed humans to allow birth? Justice is only a product of the mind. Be that as it may, back on the right track, once the girl has been examined, they discover that she is pregnant, but that she is far more advanced than she should be. She is only a few weeks pregnant, but has months to come. She keeps telling them that they will not understand her and that she wants an abortion, but she finally says that she was raped by a hell demon and that her father wants this baby (but believes that "God" wants this baby, not who really does). He takes his 3 sons (they arm themselves with pistols and shotguns) and begin to enter the clinic (shoot down those who will not cooperate). The clinic manager, who must have had problems with them in the past, is well prepared this time. He ended up killing one of the Fathers' Sons, but ended up being shot several times (wearing a bulletproof vest). The father then performs what he believes to be done to the women. He cuts a hole, where the vagina would be if he was a woman, and stuck some sort of thing sucking up there and sucking all that blood. While all this is going on, the girl gives birth to a demonic baby with many legs, and a demon gets up under the Earth (not in the same room) and starts looking for her child. The Father sees him later and begins to wonder why this has happened. He did what he was asked to do and does not understand why it's like that. The demon had already killed his two sons earlier and now turns to his father ... While the girl kills the baby and the demon wins (not in the same scene). <br /> <br /> Yeah, that It probably sounds very cool and a thrilling horror movie, but it's not. The acting is horrible and lacks enthusiasm, the story is boring and not even creative, they choose the wrong characters and do not even build them; everything that has been put in place, all the little rooms, do not even add something great, a waste of time. I would not describe it as horror, although it has horror elements, they ultimately fail in what they try to succeed. It was more like a short film "Beginner" than John Carpenter. <br /> <br /> Sorry for my lack of information and detailed reviews, I just did not have the time to write something exciting. . I am also sorry if my spelling and my details are incorrect, I really could not be bothered by the search.
