I was looking forward to seeing John Carpenter's episode in Season 2 as his first film, Cigarette Burns, was by far the best of Season 1 (and I was like the other episodes of this season). Oh, how disappointed I was. <br /> <br /> In all fairness to Carpenter, I think the main problem of this episode was an absolutely horrible writing. The characters, aside from the subject, seemed to behave and talk as if they had been written for an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger. The acting was bad and normally I really like Ron Perlman, but I can only blame them because the writing was so horrible. I will not try to guess what the writers were trying to do because it would be pointless, but it seemed they were trying to mix horror (obviously) with some form of social commentary on abortion and religion. In this case, it is not surprising that this seems an opportunity to break a certain variety of crazy religious or anti-abortion fanatics. And I'm in favor of both goals, but it's been done so horribly that I've been embarrassed to watch characters play and talk with such stupid inconsistency. This totally failed to offer any valid opinion on the topics and the horror element also failed along with such inept writing. <br /> <br /> Even though I do not think Carpenter can be blamed for most of the harm here, I will say he chose to run the video game and so must be held accountable. There are some small pieces that I found nice, hence the 2 stars I gave him. <br /> <br /> The effects of gore and monster were good, but the CGI gore (two separate shots to the head) was so obviously, a lower quality CGI, they should never have received OKAY. I am generally very critical of CGI, but not because it poses a problem in principle. I have a problem with his execution. The technology, while surprising in some ways, is not good enough to match the "real" effects, whether they are miniatures or gores, especially when it is supposed to correspond to something biological and / or living, and should not be used. The computer graphics can be well used in small quantities or obviously if the whole film is animated. <br /> <br /> I also take this opportunity to note that the title of the show, Masters of Horror, is a bad title. There are just not many "horror masters". Maybe two or three. If the show was called "Tale of Horror" or something, that would be fine. But according to the criteria for making one of these episodes, the fact that they have at least one horror movie in their career is criticized for not being a "master of horror". And it did not even have to be good.
