* A LOT OF SPOILERS IN THIS OPINION * This movie was awful. I'm a big fan of baseball, so I thought about watching it and I was very disappointed. It started well. When I saw DeNiro's bad influence on his young son, I was hoping he would become a better father throughout the movie or something. Anyway, at first it seemed that DeNiro was supposed to be the protagonist. He was the only one to believe in Bobby and he had lost his adorable son, which gave me a reason to feel uncomfortable. He wanted to help Bobby by talking to Primo, as he was coming out of nowhere and brutally stabbing Primo to death ... Not to mention the recurring song "I WANT TO **** YOU !!!!" Later, when DeNiro saved Bobby's son from drowning, I hoped the movie could redeem himself. He could forgive himself for killing Primo if he saved Bobby's son. But of course, this far exceeds the depth of the film, because all that interests him is to get a CREDIT for the murder. He does this by stealing Bobby's son, car and dog and holding them hostage. and announce that DeNiro is a "real fan" while posting a picture of him biting a knife. <br /> <br /> We now come to the scene completely unrealistic at the end ... It breaks like a heck and we are expected to believe that the game was not called. Then, DeNiro magically appears on the field in referee costume and calls Bobby home. He takes out his knife and begins to stab all those who run on the ground. Apparently, there is no officer on the ground (but the police are on the way), so DeNiro gets on the mound and prepares to throw a knife at Bobby when he is shot. But do not worry, this cheerful and enjoyable movie has a happy ending, as Bobby finds his son. <br /> <br /> This is NOT a sports film. He is not a fan. As far as I know, fans are not rabid psychopaths who threaten, steal and throw knives at their admirers. It's probably the sickest movie I'll see in my life. The plot was superficial, the soundtrack sucked, the film had no reason to be. I warn you not to waste your time with this disgusting excuse for a movie.
