The London Underground has something fundamentally terrifying, with its long winding tunnels, escalators taking you deeper and deeper underground, and, of course, rats wandering the tracks. It is a source of astonishment that it is not used more often in horror movies. It was used in the horror film Deathline (Rawline), a horror of the 70s, featuring a cannibal tribe living in a derelict tunnel, as well as the famous chase sequence in American Werewolf in London. So I was glad to see that someone else had tried to take advantage of the atmosphere of the tube at night with the recent British production Creep. <br /> <br /> I thought the film had started well, with an extremely effective sequence of credits. it was really annoying, followed by a scene in the sewers that establishes the principle that there is something wrong hiding under the streets of London. However, Creep came down from here and I found myself wishing I could have turned it off after this opening scene, leaving me with a favorable impression of the film. All the characters become unfriendly and implausible, even Potente herself, and the director felt the need to hit us on the head with social commentary on homelessness. he also made the mistake of showing the "monster" in full light, where he ceases to become frightening, and reveals his name as Craig. How can you have a monster called Craig? It turns into something like X Files and reminds the episode Tombs. In fact, I wanted Mulder and Scully to introduce themselves and settle them for me. <br /> <br /> As for the infamous sexualized violence, it is very graphic, disturbing and totally useless. It seems to be simply to shock the audience rather than for any intrinsic value of the plot. The problem is that it is so excessive and horrible that it numbs you in the rest of the horror, which is a mistake, because it is only halfway through the film. <br /> <br /> For me, the only redeeming element of the film is a rare appearance of Ken Campbell, one of my favorite casual actors. You do not see it very often, but when it's on the screen, it puts everyone in a corner. Appointing him a sewer inspector was a stroke of genius, unfortunately the only obvious one in the film.
