I like UFO movies, so I recently decided to look back at the stars after seeing it when I was a kid in the late 1970s. And now I have to to write a review about it because I'm scared of starting to forget everything QUICKLY. You see, even though EBTS is not bad, it's VERY dull and indescribable. The story is rather interesting but flat. The actors are good but their roles are boring and a little confusing. The FX are terribly amateur, but I can forget something like that if the film is convincing, which is unfortunately not the case for this one. <br /> <br /> In addition, there is very little violence and there is no nudity, which makes this Italian science fiction opus of the 1970s is a TRUE oddity, because if there One thing that distinguishes Italian genre films made in the 1970s from other countries' genre films made during the same decade is the astonishing amount of violence and sex found there. Curiously, due to the almost total lack of operating elements, EBTS stands out from the rest of the pact. I do not know if this can be perceived as a compliment. Personally, I can enjoy a film without sex or violence, but I think EBTS NEED more violence and sex, here and there, to spice it up because it is so deadly dull and dry. And the special effects are not so special. <br /> <br /> The story itself is really interesting. This is a combination of THE X-FILES and Antonioni's BLOWUP: a photographer accidentally captures aliens on a film during a fashion shoot in the country. The extraterrestrials know that they were filmed and they remove the photographer and a model, eventually destroying any evidence of their presence on Earth. The problem begins when the model meets a man in the newly abducted photographer's apartment (this operation takes place just before his abduction). The man takes negatives and leaves, the extraterrestrials having no knowledge of the missing negatives. The whole story tells that this man wants to know more about the extraterrestrials and a secret spy group that wants to get their hands on the negatives. The majority of the film is centered on a boring political plot, in the spy-versus-spy genre. The UFO element of the story is almost unimportant and could easily have been replaced by any McGuffin of the Cold War. But as boring as the eyes behind the stars, it looks a lot like X-FILES! I wonder if Chris Carter saw this movie. Anyway, the best thing in EBTS are the POV plans, which are scary and effective. But the rest is almost completely forgettable, including quirky looking aliens. <br /> <br /> Even though I was rather negative about this film, I still like it. I still remember the effective advertising campaign that scared me when I saw it as a child. And I own the video. The movie could have been a lot more if it had been done correctly. Never mind...
