Creep is the story of Kate (Potente), an extremely unattractive bourgeois bitch who finds herself sleeping, asleep by the sound of the last underground train, and wakes up to find herself trapped in the subway station. After meeting his workmate and a potential rapist, Guy, in a mysterious train that runs after the lines close, things go wrong and she finds herself pursued by what is hidden under the streets of the city. His story is linked to that of George (Blackwood), an ex-prisoner working in the sewer system; they meet in the last third of the film, united by their attempts to escape the monster who pursues them. <br /> <br /> The pair crosses a series of places more and more improbable; from the subway station, they find themselves in the sewers before ending up in a kind of abandoned underground operation. Most metro stations do not have toilets, so I can not know how to get surgery. Naturally, the film is concerned to explain that the operation has no running water. Still, he has electricity? One of the many inconsistencies that go against the atmosphere of daily credibility that the film tries to create. <br /> <br /> The monster itself is a problem. There is a total lack of reasoning for his actions, that kills people for no obvious reason. And then, of course, some elements stay alive, no real reason either, maybe just so that they can finally escape and give the film about fifteen more minutes. I understand that the natural harm is supposed to be scary, but the film tries to explain itself through a photo of the doctor and his son and some shots of jars containing babies. Yes, it's also tiring and pathetic it sounds. He also fails to explain how the creature was underground long enough to lose the ability to speak, communicating only by cries of raptor, but not long enough for his shorts to break down. Hmm. <br /> <br /> This doctor case leads to a scene that is the film's desperate attempt to take root in your memory, and while it's gore and uncomfortable to watch, it's just not enough . The last third of the film is based on an emotional relationship that never existed, and the characters collapse and recover for no obvious reason. George breaks down, unable to cope with anything despite his intention to flee so he can see his daughter again. Kate loses a second on the emotional point of view after having scrambled against a thief. Yes. <br /> <br /> After having started as a film "it could happen to everyone", it collapses quickly because it introduces ideas that make it more and more unrealistic. A total lack of emotional interest for the characters and a lack of suspense make this one to avoid.
