Originally called The Changer. The Nostril Picker is a poorly constructed tale about a loner named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) who "likes them young". Unable to interact socially with girls, he runs into a tramp who teaches him a special Vietnamese song. This "song" consists of whistling "London Bridge is Falling Down" while hopping like a Morris epileptic dancer. Nevertheless, Ugly Joe tries it and presto! He is now a girl. Ideally, he must be a young man to attract girls. But let's not talk about ideals here - this film was shot in 1983 and released in 1993. In an ideal world, it should never have been published. <br /> <br /> The asylum in the film called this horrible hokum "stupefying", telling a story with ham. "It's worse than that." The Nostril Picker really takes the biscuit, in fact a whole bag of Cookies: terribly scripted dialogue delivered by actors without brains, a ridiculous plot and a predictable turn of events Just when things could not become more absurd, the story unfolds on a senseless tangent, for example, Joe decides to kill the girls getting back on their own, but I thought he wanted to get closer to them - not only happy to be a murderer, Joe is also turning into a cannibal and eating some of his victims, of whom there was only about 3-4. <br /> <br /> The highlight of this dreadful movie is for Joe to pick up a whore (Steven Andrews) and then bring her back to her apartment.What happens next defies any belief ... Joe becomes again a man, but also discovers that the whore is a man, how does he react? Well, in the manner of Benny Hill, he "hunt" around the apartment with a group of dildos well disguised to stumble on an explosive doll. God knows what Patrick J Matthews and Stephen Hodge thought. At least, this scene has paved the way for another inestimable moment. This implied that the male prostitute reported the incident to a policeman with curly hair wearing a "policeman" uniform from the joke shop. The hilarious game is a must. In particular, the inability of the bitch to say "dildo" and his request for "satisfaction". <br /> <br /> Aside from this incident, this monotonous film was completely boring. You know that a movie is bad when DVD trailers are more exciting. Normally, I would do it quickly, but there was none. The main action sequences involved Joe stabbing his victims several times. Forget the fast cuts, Matthews uses fades (one during a stabbing scene) to limit any form of suspense that may already exist. The non-reaction of a girl to the cut of the fingers is laughable. Normally, I would appreciate the words "uncut" but in this case, they were far from being a blessing. A cinematic torture even more agonizing. The whole movie looked like an unprecedented episode of the mid-summer killings, but less entertaining. I would not like to see the cut-out version. <br /> <br /> To sum up, the Nostril selector is the most insignificant thing I've seen since Richard Hammond's 5 O 'Clock Show. The disastrous performances are aggravated by a terribly metallic soundtrack and bad dubbing. Do not be fooled by the label of the box, it's NOT a cult classic unless it's qualified for cult use, shit, horror, dvds vs. coffee . What I think he does. Unless re-edited at 30 minutes stay clear of this coma inducing disorder.
