Sometimes a movie is unique. The Nostril Picker is one of those movies. The Nostril Picker is unlike any other movie I have ever seen. Unfortunately for The Nostril Picker & myself, it is unique for reasons different from those originally planned by the filmmakers. Read on and hope that everything will become clear ... The Nostril Picker, as we generally know, although it was apparently shot under the title The Changer, begins with some extremely dark shots of an American city somewhere, streets and factories like this, as opening credits play. When the Nostril Picker gets off to a good start, we face a real loser named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering), 40, who lives alone in a shabby little apartment where he watches TV and eats beef dog food and listens to old vinyl records as he dances with an erotic rubber doll. Joe loves teenagers, he has various pornographic magazines but still enjoys the reality. However, being an ugly little Joe can not make any girl go out with him or do anything else with him. One fateful day, a former Vietnamese homeless veterinarian (Horace Grimm) sees the agony and pain that Joe has to go through (in fact, he sees Joe being called by the police for harassing a teenager) and decides to help. He tells Joe an incantation he has learned from "gooks" in Vietnam and that will transform Joe's appearance into whatever he wants. A process he calls morphosynthesis, but at the same time he warns Joe that "it drives you crazy if you do too much." That night, Joe decides to try, in a public place on a podium, for some reason. Joe says a few words, makes an extremely stupid dance and starts to joke. Joe ends by whistling London Bridge is Falling Down, listen yeah, I do not tell that either. At first, Joe is visibly disappointed when nothing important happens. To console himself, Joe tries to buy a porn magazine but is shocked when the clerk (Kevin Devoy) refuses to sell it to a minor girl. Joe, the spark that he is, realizes what happened and speaks about it by saying that his father sent him to buy it. Joe, who now calls her alter-ego Josephine (Ann Flood), understands the possibilities and heads straight for the local high school. Joe befriends four teenage girls, Jennifer Armstrong (Laura Cummings), Crisi Stroud (Gail Didia), Tracy Harper (Heidi M. Gregg) and Brenda Kearn (Aimee Molinaro) while under his disguise, oh & Joe succeeds. become a student at the school simply by asking sports teacher Miss Van Dyke (Vicki Hollis). At first, Joe seems pretty harmless, he just likes hanging out in the girls' restroom and stuff like that. But things change quickly as Joe brutally murders Brenda. Jennifer's father, Vince Armstrong (Edward Tanner) is a detective. So, with his partner Ed Simpson (Clyde Surrell) and Walt Spencer (Bruce Alden), the pathologist is determined to catch the sicko responsible for the murder of his daughter's friends, but will he succeed before Joe strikes again? The IMDb list of The Nostril Picker is wrong, I watched it just a few hours ago and it clearly indicates that it is directed by Mark Nowicki, who is also a co-producer, and not Patrick J. Matthews, who has been credited as a co-producer. Director of Photography, that did not make much difference and I would have thought Nowicki would have been more than pleased that Matthews took the "credit" for making this shit. No person involved in making The Nostril Picker should be allowed to get close to a camera, ever. The Nostril Picker is easily one of the worst films I've ever seen, and that says a lot. It is absolutely terrible in every way imaginable. Steven Hodge's script is atrocious, there is no narrative structure, excitement, tension, drama, character development and the things that happen are so stupid that it's wrong. The intrigues and chain of events in The Nostril Picker are totally incomprehensible. The scene where Joe discovers the prostitute (Steven Andrews) he's hired is actually a man and Joe starts chasing him around his apartment with two ejaculating dildos, it's just hogwash. The next scene, when the transvestite reported the incident to the police, was hilariously written and made me laugh psychically about the dialogue. I hated the end too, not only was it predictable, but it left the door open for a sequel, I shudder psychically at the mere thought! On a technical level, the Nostril Picker is awful, point photography & hope, bland & inappropriate music, forgettable places, badly edited (Brenda is killed in the kitchen but her blood splashes on the TV screen which was clearly in the opposite part), some I had very mediocre special effects that consist of a few rubber-cut fingers, a slit throat and a fast scene where Joe eats flesh. It is not surprising that the actors and the team who worked on The Nostril Picker have virtually no IMDb credit before or after. Even 76 minutes away, the Nostril Picker is too long and really boring. I could go on all day saying how bad the Nostril Picker is, I really could. One thing I can not understand is all this intentional on the part of the filmmakers? The Nostril Picker is indeed a unique film, unique in its horror and incompetence. In the case of The Nostril Picker, I hope it will remain unique, after saying that it is still not the worst film I have ever seen, but that it is close to it for sure. Certainly one to avoid.
