The character of Tarzan has been subjected to so many clichés and bad interpretations that those who hope for a different version (people like me, I mean, who loved Tarzan's books as a child and who have always wanted a version of a film that follows the books a bit) should know how to superimpose recent interpretations. Some critics of IMDb address this point, but here are my dollars .02 <br /> <br /> I only know two representations of Tarzan in the cinema - namely Greystoke with Christopher Lambert and the animated Disney movie. version, which tries to portray the rather interesting character of Edgar Rice Burrough (the son of a couple of lost English nobles, taken back after their death by a tribe of monkeys who raise him as one of their own and who becomes the "lord" from the jungle "of his superior human intellect before returning to England and claiming his different identity) rather than the man from the usual Hollywood jungle whose origin remains obscure and whose hallmarks are his famous cry, his mysterious inability to speak English properly despite a long exposure to knowing the language, his habit of swaying in the vineyards, his strength, his heroism, etc. About the only thing these two characters have in common, are the name Tarzan and the fact that they both have a woman named Jane. The televised version of Ron Ely is a compromise: like the character of Burroughs, he speaks good English and is a follower and suave in both cultures, like James Bondish, but it is neither Lord Greystoke nor Jane. <br /> <br /> Well, this movie is part of a third category of Tarzan movies and I hope it will remain a category because it's awful. This category uses the character as a soft porn vehicle. Jane, embodied by the legendary bad actress Bo Derek, is in Africa looking for her father, the absent-minded teacher who walks in the jungle in search of something that has never been spelled out. Although her father is supposed to have disappeared for a long time, she finds it effortlessly. Richard Harris as a father is the best thing here; he sees that the movie is stupid, so he's having too much fun doing things that remind me of Peter O'Toole's deliberately stupid performance in What's New Pussycat. Dad explains the legend of Tarzan ("a kind of ghost or spirit", he tells - either a robbery or an inartistic attempt to pay homage to King Kong) to his daughter, who is now unknown to the monkey man. Shortly after, we hear the famous shot of Tarzan's scream. Papa dies, which oddly does not seem to bother his devoted daughter very much. And then ..... <br /> <br /> Then Tarzan appears but does not say anything. Indeed, he does not say anything during the whole movie. He and Jane fall in love with each other and they play with almost nothing as she recites doggerel love poetry off the screen. The end. This is the plot. <br /> <br /> Well, not exactly; There is also a scene where Tarzan fights unrealistically with a boa constrictor - a boa of the most unusual, since it is the only poison ever seen. Jane treats the bite with a chimpanzee who helps by twisting the garment with which she tears the wound (I do not invent it!), And this is just one of the many excuses for her to take her clothing. <br /> <br /> I always like to conclude an exam by saying something positive, but this time it's difficult. Let's see ... well, it's unfair to blame this film for presenting an orang-utan, even though we all know that orangutans do not live in Africa; After all, Tarzan's classic movies all used Indian elephants, did not they? In addition, you must admit that Bo Derek is pretty in front and fit. (But in this case, why the heck did not she just make a career as an artistic model?) What does he say about a movie when it becomes boring to watch a pretty woman? I have not really decided whether it was positive or not, or a negative that they never showed him crotch.) But now I realize: try as I can, I can not finish on a positive note. <br /> <br /> See this film if you are a bad movie buff. I'm out here.
