Bo Derek might have had a career if she had not let her late husband, John, take over. It's a shame, not really, with the right direction and the good part (see "10"), Bo was fine. She would not win any prizes, even at her best, but she's no worse than a lot of actress who has done things big over the past 15 years, based solely on the look. But that was the problem, John was determined to surf Bo's wave with his appearance in 10, Bo's being the "perfect 10", "the sexiest woman in America", "the sex-symbol of 1980s ". The problem is that in John's hands, this wave broke with a thud in just a few years. Maybe he knew his limits as an actress, so maybe that's why he designed films that focused on his body and not his acting skills. But it has aged very quickly. It does not matter that John and Bo Derek's films are (really very honest) really bad. And bad sums up their interpretation of the literary icon of Edgar Rice Burrough, the Lord of the Jungle, Tarzan of the Apes. <br /> <br /> You know what's worse? This film is boring! Make me laugh, make me cry, but do not bother me. Even the amazing appearance and silhouette of Bo can not attract interest, and that's what the film is built on. Richard Harris (God bless his soul, he and Bo were previously in Orca for that matter) conspires and makes his scenes at least a little interesting and Miles O'Keefe makes a physically impressive Tarzan. Perhaps he had the last word of laughter: after being hit by a ton of venom from the critics of this film, Miles pursued a solid career as a movie B icon, in films that were not great art, but a million times more fun that one. But other than that, it's Bo's body, and you can only see it so many times before you wish something else to go with it. Tarzan the monkey has nothing else. John Derek was a really dynamic actor, he was not a director. He should have stayed with his strength. This film is going at a slow and senseless pace and nothing really happens in the action scenes. Burrough's Tarzan was focused on excitement and fulfilling his wishes (who would not want to be as agile, strong and handsome as Lord Greystoke?) And fun! You do not get that from here. Look, and you will have lost 107 minutes of your life. If you think about it, you can learn a valuable lesson: do not manage someone's career in the cinema. <br /> <br /> Bo Derek is good in my book though. She has stayed with John for the rest of her life, she loves animals and nature and she even turns around with a laugh at the same time. She also proved that she was not the silly blonde that many would like her to be noticed. If she could survive Tarzan and Bolero, she could survive anything. So come back Bo, everything is forgiven. <br /> <br /> And by the way, is the Steve Strong playing the villain the same Steve Strong who has a short wrestling career?
