It's a reimagination of Tarzan in the Soloflex and Apocalypse Now era. There is nothing wrong with using films, less restrictive moral constraints to represent an erotic side of the legend of Tarzan. There is nothing fundamentally wrong with the premise that Tarzan does not speak. It is quite wrong to suggest that a woman who could end up in an African jungle in 1910 could be as stupid and plastic as it could be. When you explore bodies, Bo has as few lines as possible, because this movie is just a centered video film, as neutral as possible so you can project yourself, as well as your delusional fantasies. If that succeeds somewhere, it's because National Geographic has influenced the way imagery of a Tarzan movie could be built. <br /> <br /> It would be ridiculous to pretend that movies should not do ONE's sexual teasing. many tools to attract viewers. Very good moments of film incorporate it. But this movement is at the opposite end of the spectrum - teasing is the only thing happening here; at the moment of its release and now. You sit in terrible and dumb scenes that do not interest you, and miles of sequences of bad actors that drool at the next look at one of the two bodies. Yes ... Bo Derek and Miles O'Keeffe are beautiful (uh, congratulations on having an active libido.) But if it's your excuse to give this girl a good rating, you really should go to a porno shop and to make your provisions. There is only a hair difference between the two formats and (I guess it's right here) an excited viewer would probably really appreciate it. The question is whether a mainstream film is the best place on the market for viewers to look for products that only satisfy sexual desire. <br /> <br /> As a spectator, John Derek has capitalized on the sexual mystic developed above his wife Bo the movie "10"; and created a media event from a shallow project whose only merit was the warmth of the two main roles. The film itself was beside the subject. He thought the audience would applaud him for making a tasteless, superficial film that only portrayed superficiality. <br /> <br /> As a director, John Derek seems to be demanding only that Ms. Derek looks nice, empty, and bumpy in every scene. It's horribly shot. The placement of the camera is annoying. In terms of publishing, the entire catalog of 'wipe' is out of print. The credit sequence is loud. And one wonders who is committing the most serious offense on the screen; Bo Derek who is so bimbo that she does not even know how to play a bimbo, or Richard Harris who screams every line (as he likes to do) until you want to shoot him. At least with Bo, you can imagine him reproaching a horny writer for denigrating him.
