This is surely one of the most misguided remakes of a classic film history, especially since the promise of its slogan, "The most beautiful woman of our time in the most erotic adventure of all the time, "was not even exploited wisely. ! Although this film has been regularly broadcast on television in my woods since childhood, its notoriety (for the horrible and non-erotic content, you notice) has kept me away from it until now - and I I gave in to nothing because I recently enjoyed Bo Derek The previous movie, 10 (1979), had already been seen by many fantastic actors during the Christmas period. <br /> <br /> The lead actress / producer Bo Derek is rather ridiculous to play the innocent sex schoolgirl (witness the inept banana scene) and, as expected, she is forced to undress on a few occasions, but as welcome as they are, it has proved much more sensual than it is here; So Richard Harris continues to nibble the landscape as Jane's obsessed explorer, but John Philip Law barely registers himself as an aide who shyly shows an initial interest in Jane herself; The new role, Miles O'Keeffe, has the lead role and only enters the film for 45 minutes. He is completely silent, except for his famous yodel (which was probably lifted from Johnny Weissmuller anyway!). In addition, it is as inexpressive as one of the trees from which it is suspended at regular intervals throughout the second half of the film! for the record, he then starred in two films of ATOR (or potential imitators of CONAN) for Joe D'Amato and the plateau of the time of King Arthur, SWORD OF THE VALIANT (1984). <br /> <br /> an actor, director John Derek (who also has his own director of photography here) has worked with some good filmmakers (Cecil B. De Mille, William Dieterle and Robert Rossen) and some excellent ( Otto Preminger, Nicholas Ray and Don Siegel), but he clearly learned the meaning because his direction is a major disadvantage: it is sometimes terribly pretentious (observe the perfectly horrible python attack sequence) with an insane abuse of technique slow motion and cheesy transitions; It was Derek's seventh film as a director (and his second in four with his wife Bo) and, ultimately, he could only make two more. <br /> <br /> The total failure of the film must be evaluated by the fact that the legend of Tarzan was addressed once again in a film - in GREYSTOKE: THE LEGEND OF TARZAN, THE LORD OF APES (which , surprisingly, I have not looked at myself yet) - barely three years later !! Named for six Razzie Awards (including John Derek, Richard Harris and Miles O'Keeffe) and one for Bo Derek herself, TARZAN, THE APE MAN was co-written by Gary Goddard, future director of another much-anticipated transposition but ultimately disappointing. on the big screen of a heroic figure (this time animated), MASTER OF THE UNIVERSE (1987), that I will also revisit (yay)! Despite a charming late-night sequence showing Tarzan and Jane playing with an orang-utan and a musical score that is not bad in reality and sometimes quite catchy, any good late intention is defeated by an extremely ridiculous climax involving natives painting Bo completely white. and, inevitably, John Derek's apparent disinterest in the character of Tarzan himself, who makes him appear as an unimportant secondary character in his own eponymous film!
