It is a great tragedy that Richard Harris and John Derek are no longer with us. But this should not blind anyone to the fact that in 1981, a pretty spot appears on the CVs of both men. There is no doubt that John Derek designed this film by making his wife what "Some Like It Hot" and "One Million Years BC" did for Maryln Monroe and Raquel Welsh respectively, thus creating an iconic sexual symbol for the new decade. Having run to kiss Dudley Moore on the beach in the '10' Bo reputation, a star cast and film shoot in Sri Lanka meant nothing could go wrong. Alas, as they say, mortals plan and God laughs. It is said that when the film was created in 1981, the Edgar Rice Burrows estate attempted to take legal action against it. Bo Derek plays the role of Jane Parker, who travels to turn-of-the-century Africa to find her abusive and abusive father, Richard Harris. Papa Parker is an explorer who has set out to find "the great inner sea", the local legend, whose existence has been bogged down by conventional wisdom. Harris is well worth a visit for a wonderfully martial and charismatic performance, which includes singing an Irish song about an Indian elephant that has somehow found its way back to Africa (did it arrive at the same time as the Orang-Utan of Sumatra ???) Although Jane claims to despise Parker's relations, Bo and Rich are frightfully incestuous, perhaps reflecting the effects of tropical heat. However, local legends are soon circulating about a "great white monkey" and Jane hears the famous yodel. This is the film's landmark for Miles O'Keefe, a future B-Movie star, who makes a rather strange debut as Lord of the Jungle. Unlike Johnny Weismuller with his English pidgin or Ron Ely who speaks fluently this language, the O'Keefe Tarzan is silent. Given Bo's and Richie's dialogues, it's probably not a bad thing. Harris and his caravan finally reach the Great Inland Sea, located on top of a gigantic plateau that seems to cross half of Africa ... Well, these are not seas, lakes and other aquatic places generally located in low areas ?? It does not matter, it's just one of the many anomalies in John Derek's universe. The crew tries to climb the cliffs and when the ropes break, Harris roars, echoing the mistreatment of the unfortunate men who lost their lives. On another occasion, Jane decides to swim naked at the edge of the inland sea, thus giving another opportunity to see some free nudity. From nowhere, only one male lion appears. Now, lions usually travel with pride and never approach the beaches, but later, Tarzan will struggle with a boa constrictor (venomous). Zoology does not seem to have been one of John Derek's strong points ... Being a Tarzan movie, Jane is delighted by the Jungle Lord and decides to take her virginity. But having seen its proximity to some of these chimpanzees, you have to wonder ... Speaking of which, it is not only the Edgar Rice Burroughs estate that could have sued. It is likely that some primates have been on the phone with their lawyers: chimpanzees here make you miss Cheeta. Especially when they do ridiculous things, like riding on the backs of elephants and applauding when Tarzan and Jane finally use them! The highlight of this film was captured by Bo and Harris by rather stereotypical cannibals who paint our heroine and prepare to sacrifice / eat / execute her. Suffice it to say that The Great Wooden Ape gets her daughter and * SPOILER * Harris gets impaled on a huge elephant defense! That does not stop dying Parker from delivering a disjointed monologue to Jane. As far as I know, the lawsuit of the Rice Burrows estate never materialized, but "Tarzan the Ape Man" was crucified at the box office (no kidding?). Pity. John Derek could have achieved "Tarzan the Ape Man 2" with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe living in domestic happiness and Dudley Moore in the role of "Boy".
