I saw this movie on History Channel today (in 2006). First of all, I realize that this is not a documentary, but a drama. But we can at least hope that the critical "facts" on which the story is based are based on real events. Reagan was shot and the other characters were real people. The film has understood. From that moment, confidence in the facts diminishes rapidly. I had never heard of this movie before seeing it. A television reporter at the time of these events, I was amazed that I had never heard of the strange behavior of Secretary Haig described by Richard Dreyfuss. The whole nation had heard "I'm in control ...", etc., but Dreufuss Haig personally intimidates the government. After watching the movie, I started researching the subject on the Internet and quickly found audio tapes and transcripts of most of the Situation Room conversations that this film claims to be reproducing. Incredibly, many of the main "facts" of the film supposed to show a White House, Secret Service, etc. in total chaos - and the country's leaders behaving irrationally and leading the world to the brink of nuclear war - are clearly incorrect. They did not arrive! There is an internal conflict, of course. Haig is making mistakes, his performance in the press room is historically unfortunate and he is "difficult". But nothing approaches the scenes represented in the film. There are too many gross mistakes to enumerate, but any fair comparison between the recorded and written recording and the fantasy of this film raises the question of what the producers were actually trying to accomplish. Enlighten? Inform? To entertain? I think they have failed on all three fronts. It is difficult to attribute motives to others, but one must seriously ask what lies behind such an invention shamelessly. And, with respect to the follow-up documentary of my dear History Channel "Reel to Real", there was virtually no mention of the issues that were at the center of the film - namely the events that occurred the very day of filming of the Administration. The viewer was therefore obliged to search for those who did not have much or no help from the network.
