This television production of 1970 with Susannah York and George C. Scott is another proof of the difficulty of adopting "Jane Eyre" on the screen and all that can go wrong. It is true that the film suffered during the transition to DVD - some complete scenes in the original have been shortened and so poorly edited that there are striking holes of continuity and that even a crucial scene between Jane and Rochester begins at middle of a sentence. ! But even if the editing was better, the film would not be. The script is bad, the representation of the characters is wrong for the novel and almost all actors are misinterpreted. As a result, we do not feel at all like watching an adaptation of Charlotte Bronte's novel. The problem is not only that a number of scenes are shortened or omitted - this is the case with all brief adaptations - but that the remaining scenes do not capture the tone, the spirit, the atmosphere at all. and the concept of the novel. . <br /> <br /> This Jane Eyre, for example, leaves Gateshead completely out of order and begins with Jane's arrival at Lowood. While this is perfectly fine, given that some scenes must necessarily be omitted, it is incomprehensible that instead of using the time gained (so to speak) and thoroughly describing Jane's friendship with Helen, Helen's influence on Jane's development, the lecture on Christian stoicism she teaches her, the film focuses almost exclusively on Helen's physical abuse, which is pushed to the extreme by absurd extremes in this adaptation. What Helen has to suffer is bad enough, as the novel describes, but Miss Scatchard is described here as a kind of sadistic penitentiary that deliberately leads Helen to an untimely death. And that's about all that's happening in Lowood. If you compare that to the profound impact that the years spent in Lowood have on Jane in the novel, one can only regret that the film does not even touch the surface of this particular episode of Jane's life. And this is the problem that arises throughout this adaptation: it rushes from stage to stage, very often without transition, and nowhere even approaches the essence of the novel. The dialogues are a strange mixture of invented lines and lines of the novel, clumsily glued together, and the scenes between Jane and Rochester are so shortened that the two share only 5 minutes on the screen before falling in love. the conversation they have contains nothing of the brilliance, intensity, and humor of the conversations between Rochester and Jane in the novel. But the scriptwriter not only unjustified Brontë's language, but also managed to ruin his moral system in one sentence. When Rochester and Jane go to see Rochester's wife after the so-called marriage, Rochester says, "Yet I loved him once, as his wife, as I love you now." The whole moral conception of the novel rests on the fact that Rochester is indeed an innocent victim of an amoral project and that he was trapped by marrying a mad woman he never loved, and that his efforts to seek a true life partner are, if not sanctified. by the law of God and man, yet understandable and forgivable! But this phrase completely undermines Brontë's carefully constructed moral concept and turns Rochester into a dirty old man who wants a new young woman because his old one is no longer useful to him. <br /> <br /> regarding the scenario and the errors concerning casting: I am in no way one of those who insist on the physical resemblance between an actor and the literary figure that he represents, but none Imagination effort can only imagine a beautiful, blonde, blue Susannah York, the great heroine of the novel. In addition, Ms. York was in her thirties when the film was shot and looks at it. Played by her, the timid, reserved and inexperienced young Jane of the novel becomes a perfectly balanced, graceful and mature woman, completely sure of herself and her deserts. I'm not saying that Susannah York does not play well and convincingly, but the woman she represents is not Jane Eyre de Brontë. To play George C. Scott in the role of Rochester, one had to be motivated by the desire to have a Rochester that seemed old enough to make the difference in age between 18 and Jane plausible. Scott looks like he is about 50 but acts in various scenes as if he were 70 years old. <br /> <br /> Complimenting the "maturity" of the main actors of all passion, desire and despair seems to have been deliberately ripped out of the script. The scene between Jane and Rochester after the wedding, the emotional culmination of the novel, has become a calm and rational conversation between two middle-aged people, at the end of which Rochester falls asleep. When Jane returns to the last scene, he is just as happy as a grandfather who has just visited his retirement home with his favorite granddaughter. The only character who displays an appropriate amount of emotion is St. John, of all peoples. Ian Bannen plays it so passionately and his passionate appeal to Jane's love is so touching that it seems like Bannen was modeling his novel, St. John on the Rochester. But although Bannen is, his St. John is as far from the novel as York's Jane and Scott's Rochester. The only editorial features of this very disappointing "Jane Eyre" are the venues and the score, and I would recommend this production only to those who want to watch and compare each adaptation of "Jane Eyre".
