I saw this film at the Rotterdam Film Festival (January 2006) and followed the discussion between the director and the audience. Many people reacted shocked and protested. He will have a lot of negative reviews. But: the world is cruel like that, and it's not funny. People do not like it. That does not mean that the movie is bad. I can see this difference. Do not shoot at the messenger who shows us the world outside our "hubble"! Nevertheless, I think it's a bad movie. Movie-technically it's a good one. Nice shots and scenario, very good music, good actors. The director claims to make a psychological film, but the psychology is of poor quality. Describing such powerful violence is not an art. Art would be a powerful description of the psychological process behind this violence. How does a shy boy come to such cruelty? The director pretends to describe it - but is not good at it. <br /> <br /> The director has repeatedly used the word "selfishness" of people, mentioning for example the teacher. Only: this teacher was not selfish, but a person in several roles, taking care of his students, who was worried about his scenario. I think it's a simplification to call it selfish. The atmosphere in the village is scary and the mother made terrible mistakes ('you give me terribly') but it does not make me feel credible, that it caused a lot of pain, that the boy most shy come to these terrible things. In fact, the reality is much more complex than the way this movie describes ?? and he needs much better descriptions. The interesting thing would be: how does it work? Describe this process, please, so that we understand. <br /> <br /> With the sentence written at the end, the director said to point to a different way of life. That was the other extreme, and confirmed to me that the director and screenwriter are bad psychologists, encouraging black / white thinking. The link between violence in movies and in society has been proven. Using such violence gives the responsibility to use it properly. There are enough black / white thinkers in the world, causing a lot of war and misery. I hope this film will not succeed.
