Violence, real or not, always has an impact. In this movie, the violence is about as bad as you might ask. In The Great Ecstacy, the director has managed to demonstrate the extremes of violence that people are capable of. But what was the purpose? The violence is like a mix of "irreversible" Christmas and "Clockwork Orange" Kubrick ... two remarkable films. Do not get me wrong, I'm not at all opposed to the violence on the screen and I've already seen some unpleasant films during my film years, but this film as a whole is totally youthful. History is never developed enough to give any reason for extreme violence, the paper reason we give to Robert's death is his introduction to drugs. Danny Dyer plays the character who is partly responsible for Robert's disappearance, fueled by drugs, but he stays on screen for less than 5 minutes. Lesley Manville is unable for Robert to face his mother, I'm not sure what these actors do in a movie of this low caliber. The actors play is wooden, the scene in the kitchen with the TV cook and his wife, for example, is as painful to watch if not more than the shocking finale - who wrote these dialogues ?! Some of the boys' comments ... "it looks like she's enjoying it" are quite banal enough to make us laugh if Clay's longing to bombard us with heartbreaking images of heartbreaking female genitals did not make us laugh. Why do we have to show so many details, perhaps even the director's teenage obsession with sadistic pornographic images ... we can only marvel at the psychology of this young man. <br /> <br /> The "political significance" of the film was repeated brought to our attention because of the number of scenes; In the bar, in front of the cook's house, the reports on the war in Iraq were perhaps too obvious in my opinion. Yes, the war is violent, social determinism is a source of frustration, we are all subject to horribly violent acts, whether you are on the street or in the street. E. Juxtaposing all this in the same underlying problem evades the real problem that is the meaning of violence in man. This is a problem we still have not managed to capture, and certainly not in this movie. <br /> <br /> My opinion: derivative, of poor quality and useless.
