I'm always wary of not loving a movie too much. Look at it a month later and you may see it differently, or dig it out after 50 years in another continent and some cultists find something remarkably stylistic that went unnoticed at first. After attending the premiere of Robert Carmichael's The Great Ecstasy in the UK, I was not surprised that I found the Q & A session more interesting later than the film itself. Shane Danielsen (Artistic Director of the Edinburgh International Film Festival), assisted by the director and producer of the film, passionately defended the film before receiving an overall negative response from the audience. The audience at the Edinburgh Festival is not easily shocked. Only one person came out with disgust. Critics of the film included highly articulate and constructive criticism from the lay public as well as an actor and a woman who teaches filmmakers. It was not a film that was too shocking. There was a level of uninterrupted sexual violence, but far less extreme than many movies (most of the contact with weapons was masked, as were the genitals excited). The audience was displeased because they had spent two boring hours, where the game standards were low, the plot was mediocre, predictable and slow, and where they had been subjected to clumsy films. and pretentious. promise of a controversial film. The metaphors of the war in Iraq are artificial, too emphasized and sloppy (apart from a general reference to violence, any deeper meaning is unclear); and the reference to the "vine leaf", the Marquis de Sade, as one member of the public said, is only a symbolic excuse for the lack of development of the plot towards the finale. <br /> <br /> We have the story of a teenager who has a certain amount going for him (he stands out at school for his musical abilities) but takes drugs and hangs out with young people who have little or nothing for them and whose criminal activities extend to rape and violence. When pushed, Robert seems to have a lot of violence locked up in him. <br /> <br /> The film is not without merit. It remains for the audience to decide how Robert came this way: was it the influence of his peers? Why have not all the good influences and concerns of parents and teachers been able to include it in a better approach to life? Cinematically, there is a carefully prepared scene in which he hangs (either by too much drugs, shyness, a latent sense of morality or simply waiting for his turn?). Several of his friends are raping a woman in a back room, partially interviewed and framed in the center of the screen. In the foreground of the apartment, the DJ fears more than the cries of the girl does not interrupt his merry house music rather than thinking of a woman. In the end, he is a little annoyed if their activities catch the attention of the police. The brutal juxtaposition of a real pleasure to the headphones of his music, even if he knows that a rape is perpetuated, reveals his deep disdain in a deeply troubling way. Robert falls on us in the foreground. <br /> <br /> But the rest of the film, including its supposedly controversial climax involving considerable (if not too realistic) sexual violence, is not up to this standard. Some people have reacted strongly (the declared intention of the filmmakers: "If they vomit, we managed to provoke a reaction"), but especially - and as far as I know, the reaction of Edinburgh seems to correspond to that of Cannes - they feel: "Why did the programmers submit us to such a bad film?" Director Clay Hugh can speak but has not developed an artistic vision. His answers about holding a mirror of life to tell the truth about things that are hidden under the rug, even his defense of the fact that there are few plots, because he did not want to make a movie classic Hollywood - are all good answers to critics. but unfortunately they do not apply to his movie, nor do they want to hold a mirror while someone defecates, or wastes the movie while playing with symbols. Wanting to try to give him the benefit of any lingering doubt, I spoke to him a few minutes after the screening, but I found it as disgusting as his film and quickly moved to the bar to wash my lips with something more substantial. There are many truths. One aspect of art is to educate, another to entertain, another to inspire. I asked him if he had a social or political agenda and he mentions Ken Loach (one of the many great names he takes in vain) without going so far as to admit himself an agenda. He then falls back on his motto that his job is to tell the truth. I still have the feeling that it is too ambitious a project for a new director, or a misleading attempt to get on the map by seeking publicity for a second-rate job <br /> <br /> Andy Warhol could Paint a tin can soup and it was art. Clay Hugh would like to emulate the great directors who made controversial cinema and pushed the boundaries. Unfortunately, his ability at the moment is only in the making of resounding excuses for a film in search of publicity.
