I'm not sure what led me to the movies to watch this movie, but a few minutes after the beginning, I wanted to leave the theater. For a while, I was hoping at least that the story would surprise me, but then I realized it was a waste of time, there was nothing. I stayed only because I had another show after. <br /> <br /> Design: Some drawings were quite beautiful, mostly from the environment, but the characters were terrible both in terms of animation and design. They look great when they are still - on posters and screenshots, but not when they have to come to life! They simply did not work, mainly because of the same error as most 3D companies: technically, it is very difficult to create truly natural 3D materials, which would give you the impression that the character is alive. You need a lot of effort and knowledge (so money) to create something that really looks like hair, skin, fabric, etc. These characters in the movie were made from "cloth", and it did not work! Thus, they had that ugly, cold, artificially cold sensation of the computer, where the fabric stretches or squeezes like a piece of plastic. It just did not look like a material, making dolls (that's what these characters were supposed to be). I think it was a big mistake to choose this style for the characters. It just felt like a 3D computer shooter. I do not want to go to the movies to have a computer game on my screen, I do not know about you ... <br /> <br /> The animation was also a shame. I am a professional animator and I was terribly disappointed by the low level of animation of "9". It was stiff, boring, almost lacking imagination or humor. It was just a little above most of the average 3D animations I've seen, and it does not add anything good ... <br /> <br /> And all this - the bad character design and the bad animation could be solved with a good story, right ?! This was not the case here. In fact, the story was the worst thing in this movie. It was below any level. It starts straight, it goes straight and it ends the same. There is no twist, no surprise, no good dialogues, not even development. We have heard and seen stories of machines exceeding thousands of times man, and "9" is one, and we know how it ends in the very first minute of this film. The characters do not even have time to enter the story. They are right there and show up almost immediately. Some of them act immediately without even knowing what is happening. It just did not work. There are also a lot of repetitive action sequences, which seemed to have been made to fill the lack of history. <br /> <br /> Play, play and play the scenario - oh my God, what can I do? say, it was pathetic. Bad story has a bad script and except dialogues such as "No, do not do it!" "I will do it!" "But ... you can not do it alone!" "We can do it together!" "But there are rules!" "But we must save him!" etc etc and so on, and repeats itself all the time, so in addition to those terribly pathetic dialogues, there was these nonstop "Ahh" and "Ohhh" and "Ehh", and "Oooh", and "Whatchout "and" Run! "and" OhOhh! " who followed almost all the jumps, runs or falls of the characters and it even seemed that they were out of sync or even impossible to understand. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: bad action, bad animation, bad sound, bad story, bad script, bad characters, everything is planned, no surprises, no twist, nothing. Only a few good designs are not worth the time. Big No!
