I really can not believe that Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov, two people I LOVE, have signed up to produce this shit. Tim Burton is a brilliant director, but to be honest, I've lost interest in him for some time, his latest films being remakes or adaptations. He produced the brilliant "Nightmare Before Christmas", which I watched several times, and he directed films like "Beetlejuice" and "Sleepy Hollow", which are great movies. Bekmambetov made 3 films that I LOVE: Night Watch, Day Watch and Wanted. I only saw these three people, but they prove that he is an excellent director. <br /> <br /> These two people are one of the many reasons I could not wait to see 9. So today I went to see him at the Theater. I was so excited to finally see her. I had waited 7 months before the release of the film. <br /> <br /> This film is the first time I'm coming out of a movie about Tim Burton and says, "I liked not enjoying it." I felt sorry for even feeling that. I mean, with him and Bekmambetov at the bar of production, you would expect this film to be a good watch. At this moment, I still can not understand how disappointed I was with this movie. I had not even heard of the original short film before I saw it, but now I can say with success that this film should have been a short film. Damn, Neil Blomkamp did an awesome complete remake of Alive in Joburg entitled District 9, which was so difficult to understand about 9 ??? I really wanted to think that this movie was great. I really did. But no, it failed on so many levels. <br /> <br /> The plot was extremely confusing and disjointed. I had no idea what was happening, let alone what it was. Basically, this is a group of rag doll robots trying to save the Earth. Okay, that's what I drew. But the writing here is extremely poor. The entire film hops like a 6 year old with a PhD. tell a story. There is this giant giant monster robot that wakes up and causes destruction. This is the main villain. However, what's wrong with this movie is that everything comes out of nowhere. There were too many monster robots, most of which have no logical explanation behind them. They have 0 development whatsoever. I mean, this pterodactyl flying like a monster comes from nowhere, we have no idea where it comes from and Acker expects us to know what it is. What was even more delayed was this creature resembling a serpent with stroboscopic eyes that mesmerized. I challenge you to give this description to someone else out loud and expect them not to laugh. The 3 people I talked to burst out laughing. Oh, that envelops the victims and sews them inside. I AM. DO NOT. KIDDING. <br /> <br /> The twist of Act III is the most delayed aspect of the entire film. So, basically, 9 returns to the room where he woke up, finds this box containing a scientist's hologram for 9 hours, and he tells him that the big creepy machine robot was designed to bring robotic life to the ground but then bad humans use it for war, and it was supposed to help protect the Earth, but the scientist then gave his life to 9 so he could help protect the world with it. And IT ONLY MENTIONS GIVING LIFE TO 9. But what about other robots? Who gave them his life ???????? It is the perfect example of a mediocre and hasty writing. There is only one device among the vital devices that exists, so how did the other 8 get the life ??????? The characters are not at all nice either. They risk their lives for no reason. The only good character is 7. 6 annoyed me with his "BACK TO THE SOURCE !!!!!!" ramblings, 1 is an overwhelming idiot, 2 we do not know much, 5 kept annoying me with his "Are you sure ..." or "Can I stay here instead ... ? " questions. And this end? UGH. I am happy not to be the only one to think that the end was a huge moment for the WTF. <br /> <br /> This shit has nothing that buys if not its beautiful animation. Everything seems realistic and beautiful, I like the dark and depressing look of everything. However, beauty can not save a good movie. <br /> <br /> If it is true that this film is very pretty, pretty is as pretty and 9 squats. I'm sure Burton fans will go to the theater to see this movie without a doubt. In fact, with the names of Bekmambetov and him being given around promos, people will flock to the theater to see this film. I know I may be doing a big deal from scratch, but watching this movie made me realize how much I hate movies with incomparable characters, a non-existent plot and a purely content style. And this movie is one of those movies.
