First of all, this movie is not a complete disaster. If you had never heard of Gram Parsons' true story, it might sound like a pretty entertaining diversion. Johnny Knoxville can not really be criticized for his performance as Phil Kaufman - he is pretty good at the casual and realistic look, and you can somehow take root for his man who has been suffering for a long time. Michael Shannon deserves pretty much the same reasons except that he is a hippy stoner. There are good individual humorous scenes - the hippy hearse crashing against the airport hangar door stands out. But that's where the good things stop and we start to see the aspects that make this film so disappointing. The character of Robert Forster as Gram's current father is such an outrageous invention that it tarnishes the entire film. We all know that his real father committed suicide when he was young - which could certainly be compared to the life of Gram threatened by a better filmmaker. To have Forster as his real supposed father, and not his father-in-law, would be bad enough, if it were not for the well-known difficulties that Gram had with the man who had flown to retrieve his body. It was suggested that his father-in-law had admitted to supplying Gram's mother while she was dying and that it made him furious when he found out later. Moreover, the controversy over where Gram's body was buried would surely be reason enough not to invent a masked and benevolent father who catches up with the duo and his hearse, but then allows them to continue burning. Whatever the truth about the man who gave Gram the name of Parsons, he certainly did not resemble Forster's character and it is difficult to understand why this role was written. Then, Christina Applegate has become an avid girl (but very pretty of course) who wants to recover the body of Gram to begin to take advantage of his estate. His character and his acting are nonexistent and one wonders why the director did not just make a lesbian scene between her and the girl who plays Kaufman's girlfriend (it would not have lowered the tone much more more). When you think of the ingredients that could have been used in a good film about Parsons, the flaws of this movie are easily apparent. Country music is being changed by a polite and polite young Southern gentleman, who was also long-haired, drug-loving, popular with women, and ultimately self-destructive. Real events like the hanger door accident and the painted hearse and his friends like Keith Richards. Instead of these things, we must focus entirely on Kaufman's contribution to Gram's life. Kaufman is obviously still drinking the cult status he has received for what he has done (it is certainly a small cult). According to the interviews, it is obvious that he is delighted with the attention. Remember that it was the man who made a remark on the genitals of Gram Parsons' naked corpse as he prepared to ignite. What he did was not an act of great loyalty, but an alcoholic and doped escape. Looking at the interviews of Knoxville and the director, some points are also clear. It's obvious that they do not really understand the story of Gram's life and do not want to have it. They want a hit movie about an infamous and crazy event. It was an amazing life with a strange ending. That the end is the only thing covered by this film shows just how much the decision makers had a limited understanding of Gram Parsons.
