If you are a Gram Parsons fan, then this movie will definitely divide you! Comedy, road movie, but mostly a bad fiction of one of the weirdest stories in rock history. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS-- <br /> <br /> The story is about a famous roadie named Phil Kaufman (played by Johnny Knoxville) who allegedly "entered into" a pact with Gram Parsons, hero of the cult rock / country / folk music, claiming that the death of one of them (no matter what it was) was: Exactly, take the dead to the desert, Joshua Tree National Park in California, and burn down the body ... to free the mind and become one with the earth, and so on! Sure to keep his word, the barely sober Kaufman, assisted by a hateful buddy and barrel-head, makes fun of the body of the late Parsons - who had inevitably taken an overdose of drugs and alcohol during of a day - at the airport. And a short time later, the result is a crazy combination of fiction and truth, where the late Parsons 'girlfriend, Kaufman's girlfriend, Parsons' stone-faced father, and a group of police and police officers. other useless idiotic characters are all trying to beat the clock. talk) trying to catch Kaufman and his boyfriend before they have the chance to burn Parsons' body! <br /> <br /> The incompetent direction of the film, its misbehavior, and its off-beat lame tone in general are all making this movie go faster than the Titanic. And not to mention the huge fact that this movie is not even halfway to tell the truth about the real events that took place. The clarifications that should have replaced the inaccuracies, as far as I understand them, include: number 1., Parsons was married at the time of her death and even had a child, so what was going on with the girlfriend and the hunter and all the rest?, number 2., Kaufman's addicted buddy was a known volunteer participant (contrary to what the movie tries to describe) in the disposition of Parson's body, and finally number 3, the father of the real life of Gram Parsons is dead. when he was just a boy, and so it was Parson's father-in-law (who could honestly have cared less about Gram Parsons when he was still alive) in real life who took care of the body after he had been burned! Overall, what bothers me most in this film is probably that the real Phil Kaufman was about to help him understand the facts. And yet, the film ended up becoming so fake and false that it really exceeds me, frankly! <br /> <br /> In addition, the aforementioned mediocre actor in the movie concerns his main character, portrayed by the ultra-creaky Johnny Knoxville (Phil Kaufman), is not only a bad actor, he actually looks to be as though he were asleep during most of the movie, and the rest of the pathetic cast is mostly either hysterical, brain dead, or seem totally ignorant of what they are actually doing there! Overall, if you like Johnny Knoxville and / or you really like friends movies, which are so bad, they are not even good, so I guess you might have a thing for this movie! But if you're like me and are a fan of the late Gram Parsons, like movies that try to tell the truth as much as they can, especially if they're based on a real story, and / or just love good movies whether it's road movies or fictional stuff, you'll really hate this movie and advise others to do the same. I obviously hated this movie and wished it had never been done, but since it was shot, I would have preferred it to be different from what it was, unfortunately! Maybe one day the real facts of the story will be revealed and transformed into a great life-long biopic of Gram Parsons ... not just what happened to his body after his mind left him. But until then, all we have as a public and all the fans of the late performer is this sad waste of film and a memorable memory (somehow) of the musical legacy that Gram Parsons was supposed to have left behind him. . It should also be noted that they have actually used Parsons' music, and some others also in the film, but it is not surprising that one never hears enough listening to make the most of it. (Turkey-Zero Stars)
