Here is what I could understand questions asked before and after: An Irishman wants to make a movie. Nothing special, any movie. So, one evening, at a party, he hears an ex-roadie tell him a classic rock'n'roll story; the fact that Gram Parsons 'body was stolen from LAX by his faithful roadie in order to honor Parsons' wish to be cremated in JoshuaTree. Wow! <br /> <br /> What a good idea for a movie! Rock n 'Roll (good country), burglary, escapes, friendship, 70s! I guess we could get Johnny Knoxville from "Jackass" because it's kind of a joke, and Knoxville wants to make "a movie" too. Why did he think he had the next "snatch" on his hand! <br /> <br /> But this story is not really exciting ... we need something that Knoxville is fighting against. Like a psychotic girlfriend after her money! But Parsons was married at the time. It's OK, nobody knows it. Besides, we could have Christina Applegate. But what if the public does not like the idea of ​​stealing a corpse? Well, we will ask his father to join the hunt, but we will give permission at the end. But Parsons' father killed himself at the age of 10. In fact, his orphanhood and tragic childhood are key elements of Parsons' mythology. Mythology? We make "a movie!" It is a creative solution to the problem. <br /> <br /> It is an unpleasant experience for anyone even vaguely aware or interested in the subject. The presence of Applegate is doubling. Her invented character is first and foremost a Beverly Hills bitch - she could have wandered her cell phone through the movie, and secondly, what kind of man would Parsons be if he ever got involved with that? kind of harpy? The facts are not simply distorted or left out, but reversed. They could easily have found the villain they were looking for in Parsons STEPfather, who was trying to bring the body back to his home country, where the law would favor it to divide this considerable legacy. <br /> And the music, oh, the music that I like The music is hacked (the bridge of a song here, the chorus there), forced in the background and at the end, horribly covered by the newest, trendiest independent band, Starsailor. After the movie, my girlfriend asked the useless but irresistible question: was there anyone upstairs, the writer, the producers, the director, a Gram Parson fan? Well no. He had never heard of Gram Parsons, but of course, blah blah blah blah, I learned to love him, and here are some facts I read in an online biography. Another guy testified to Parsons' freshness by saying that he and Keith Richards had started playing acid and had written together "Wild Horses", a mix of facts as confusing as the movie. Another person asked if it was morally debatable to rewrite the story when most people would only know through this movie. Well, he had permission from the real roadie (he was even ready) and Parsons' estate gave permission, and all those people who had a paycheck said it was great. <br /> <br /> But what I really wondered was, and he asked with the trembling and embarrassing voice of a geek really passionate about Parsons, if, if the movie was made so cheaply ( a million), did he not consider Gram Parsons fans like an audience? The director and the writer seemed to think that he was not a fanless figure, although I doubt that Mojo readers read in a magazine, 70's country-rock fans would agree. But a group of Britons succeeded, I suppose, and they did not care about cosmic American music, or even knew it existed. It's not just not a true Parsons movie, it's not even in the right mind - it does not even fit the legend. At the very least, he should have had the sentimentality of one of his songs. And many people would like to be informed. <br /> <br /> I must say that the film was well received from a group of deceased students, right on the slopes and Johnny Knoxville. But if you're a fan of Parsons, skip the title, it's just a movie for Jackass fans.
