"Raw Force" is like an ultra-sleazy and perverse version of Love Boat, with extra Kung Fu fights, dodgy cannibal monks, white slave trading, energetic zombies, and many unhealthy performances. No wonder this film was included in the recently released "Grindhouse Experience 20 Movie Set". It contains everything that exploitation fanatics are looking for, mix it in a totally incoherent and apparently improvised scenario! The production values ​​are extremely poor and the technical aspects are pathetic, but the amount of free violence and sex can hardly be described. The film begins in a sunny area called Warriors Island, where a troop of sneering monks resurrects the dead for no apparent reason other than turning them into Kung Fu fighters. The monks also buy sexy slaves from a sordid and Hitlerite businessman, supposedly because the flesh of these women provides them with the necessary powers to increase their army of zombies. Tourists aboard a cruise ship, including three martial arts fighters, a Los Angeles policeman and a slew of delightful but bright-headed ladies, are attacked by Hitler-type criminals because they planned an excursion to Warriors Island. In any case, their rescue boat landed on the island and the monks challenged the survivors to participate in a combat test with their zombies. Ok, how does it sound for a crazy midnight horror movie mess? It's not over yet, because "Raw Force" also has piranhas, wild orgies in the boat, Cameron Mitchell in another embarrassing lead role, and a 1970s operating duchess, Camille Keaton ("I spit on your falls ") in a totally insignificant appearance. There are tons of badly done gores, including ax killings and beheadings, thrilling jokes and tasteless romance. The value of the garbage can of this film will literally leave you speechless. The background of the evil monks remains, of course, unexplained and they are not even punished for their questionable hobbies. Maybe that's why the movie ends with "To Be Continued", instead of "The End". The sequel never arrived unless it is so obscure. IMDb does not list it.
