Scarecrow is located in the small American town of Emerald Grove, where high school student Lester Dwervick (Tim Young) is considered the local nerdy geek by teachers and other students. The poor child suffers daily humiliation, intimidation, mockery and general esteem, destroying the abuses committed by his peers. Unfortunately, he does not find much support at home because his mother is a slut and, after Lester annoys one of his boys, he chases him in a cornfield and strangles the poor child. However, something magical happens (no, the movie does not suddenly become good), Lester's mind is transferred into the scarecrow of cornfields, which he then uses as a body to avenge those who have tormented and transformed his life into hell co-written, co-produced and directed by Emmanuel Itier who, according to the IMDb credit list, also has a role in the film as that Mr. Duforq although I do not remember any character of this name. I guess anyone who ends up browsing the IMDb pages for Scarecrow will probably already know about its terrible reputation and I have to say it is well deserved since it is terrible. The storyline of Itier, Bill Cunningham and Jason White uses the often-told story of one of life's losers, who is chosen and tormented for no good reason to take revenge by supernatural means in a relatively simple film. We've seen all this before, we've seen some killer bugbears before, we've seen faceless teenagers get killed one by one before, we've seen one of life's losers get revenge before, we saw villains who make jokes by killing before and we saw the incompetent sheriff of a small town make things even worse before. The only real question you have to answer about Scarecrow is whether it's fun to watch a stupid teen slasher type? The answer is a categorical no to be honest. The film has a dreadful character, a dreadful dialogue, an incoherent and predictable story, it has a few ridiculous features as when the scarecrow kills someone with a shovel to which he asks: "Can you dig?" & the so-called end of torsion that is geared towards leaving things open for a sequel is lame. The film is moving at a reasonable pace but it is not so exciting and the exploits are forgettable. You know I always try to understand how someone can be stabbed and killed with a corn stick ... <br /> <br /> The director Itier does not do a particularly good job here, the shooting scenes to death are mediocre treated without any accumulation, which means that there is never tension, because within two seconds after the introduction of a character, they are killed. In addition, I'm not happy that the killer scarecrow turns all of that into scenes that seem to belong to The Matrix (1999) or a Japanese kung fu movie! To give him some credit, the scarecrow's mask looks really good and looks pretty cool but he has little to do other than pull out a bad beak and turn around a bit. Do not you think that being tied to a wooden stake in the middle of an ear of corn left all day would have been boring? I know it's a deadly scarecrow, but I still say he'd be bored hanging out all day on a wooden stick! There is no nudity and the gore is not a topic of conversation, there is a decapitation, a face is burned, someone is killed with a stick of corn, someone is caught a shovel in the throat, sickles are stuck in the heads of people, someone has a broken heart and someone has a metal object that remains in his head and comes out of his mouth. <br /> <br /> With a supposed budget of about $ 250,000, he was apparently shot in 8 days. at least they did not waste time on unimportant things like the development of stories and characters. Technically, it's pretty much all you need, shoot and hope for the best. If you look at the guy on the floor who just had his heart torn, you can clearly see him breathing again ... The acting is bad, the guy who played the guy from Lester's mother wears the wig and the stupidest mustache of all time because he played two roles in the film and the directors had to disguise it but they ended up making it ridiculous and did not make me start on his accent ... <br /> < Scarecrow has some fun moments & the Scarecrow itself is a beautiful creation with good makeup special effects, but overall, the movie is poorly done, badly played, silly, too predictable and very tacky. If you want to see a big killer scarecrow movie, take a look at Scarecrows (1988). Not to be confused with Scarecrow (1973), the movie by Gene Hackman & Al Pacino, or with Scarecrow (2008), a horror movie that is currently in production. Scarecrow proved quite popular on home video to create two more, Scarecrow Slayer (2003) and Scarecrow Gone Wild (2004).
