Let's be honest do we? Al Gore does not really care about the environment that most people care about contact with the fungi. It's a hook! Make no mistake, Al Gore is a politician! Three years ago, he was beaten in his home country at 70 mph in an area of ​​55 mph NOT driving a hybrid, a Yugo or even a GM subway but a LINCOLN (go google if you want)! Or how about the fact that Mr. Gore and his Hollywood buddies continue to use energy-hungry private jets to attend the premiers of "An Inconvenient Truth". So much for conservation, huh, Al? Be that as it may, it only takes a minute to look subjectively at "An Inconvenient Truth" and discover the main fundamental flaw. As the film unfolds in front of many seemingly impressive scientists to tell the audience the EFFECTS of the supposed "global warming", no scientist tells us the supposed cause. For example: I can take a hundred people to a parking lot and they can report an automobile that is not working well. BUT can they tell you with a certain degree of certainty WHY? Generally not! A second flaw, how accurate were the meteorological instruments 100 years ago (the toilets were not even invented yet)? What did they have, a June bug in a matchbox? Hell, even 50-60 years ago? Therefore, how can we know with ANY degree of certainty that the planet is "warming up" when the recordings of yesteryear are, at best, highly questionable? Or that this man is the only cause? The answer is that we do not do it and that science is NEVER a consensus. Thirty years ago, Time Magazine was making a cover proclaiming a "new ice age". The truth is that any Grade 6 science teacher with knowledge of earth sciences will tell you that volcanic eruptions, solar activity and El Ninos have more to do with eradicating climate change than so-called "global warming". . Finally, Al Gore fails to solve the problem properly. Even if America decides to follow Al's global gospel and to implement all that he recommends, how are we going to bring the rest of the world to do the same, when we can not even get them to to agree on something as obvious as terrorism? Answer: It is wishful thinking, Mr. Gore and you, former Vice President of the United States of America, know it! If the people who produced "An Inconvenient Truth" were really honest, they would have titled their movie "Al Gore Wants Attention". But what I really want is for the former vice-president to do it. Why have two of the biggest polluters on the planet (AKA China & India) been exempted from Kyoto compliance? Anyway, I hear A.I.T producers working on their upcoming film titled "Gnomes, Fairies and Elves: Our Endangered Friends".
