A disturbing truth is just as simplistic and demagogic as the turgid turmoil created by rabid and idiotic Republicans, it winds along intangible lines until it tries to boast you, but we'll all be dead in a few hundred years which is already indisputable, but no matter, humans are selfish and destructive creatures, I do not waste my time worrying about human extinction. I will call it simply a "natural progression". Let the apocalypse begin, but in the meantime, we must listen to the same shameless and inclined politicians who propose another "new society", well, make no mistake, we will all still be controlled by the rich, by those in power and by those idiots who created the disasters in the first place. Nothing will ever change. <br /> <br /> Al Gore, whose hypocrisy is quite obvious in the film, while he is driven in a fuel-consuming car with the help of a consumer computer, he also lives on vast surfaces in a fairly large mansion, the land itself was used for destructive erosive purposes, including livestock, tobacco, pig farming (which explains the traces of methane) and who knows what, its wealth is based on exploitation, Greed and its investments include many companies around the world with questionable records. I do not think this man is qualified to lecture the less fortunate, but his prestige rests on his opposition to another ridiculous political party, that's all, at the same time, he emits the same rancid characteristics that make politics and politicians deplorable. This bozo lives a comfortable life and yet, it teaches the poor of Africa cultivation techniques and techniques of cutting and burning? He travels the world on fuel-wasting jets, occupying first-class seats, using computers with products in the documentary, and still thinks that everything is a "moral problem." He is completely absorbed in his own illusory nightmares. He says he has reached these conclusions because of the death of his sister (tobacco-induced cancer and the imminent death of his son by an automobile). Has he fought the tobacco companies or is he banning cars because they are dangerous rolling machines? NO. Everything must serve "the economy", so why is it different, the answer is that it is not. <br /> <br /> His desperate and exhausted attempts at humanistic philosophy are disastrous, all while he is filmed in the forest. or along a small river avoiding stale life affirming quotes. Well, Mr. Gore, why not try to live like the people, then? He is a politician, clear and simple, he has a career invested in the power structure. My question is: why does not he focus on the powerful industrialized countries of the earth to blame for most of the complications? It does not do it because it would be unwise for "investments, stocks and businesses". <br /> <br /> Al Gore gives monotonous lectures on the subject of documentary, especially for rich whites in the audience, who cheer, while showing them graphs, numbers and percentages, and speaking in a dreary tone, no one can do an education without Harvard (which elites control), but he tells us that everything is going to hell. I am not kidding, but I think it does not take into account this problem precisely in capitalism's approach to the planet, namely that it is expendable and constitutes a discharge. He never mentioned how industrialization created these problems, he just wanted to apply light bandages to them, without eradicating the entire oppressive system. It is obvious that he has been spoiled, sent to schools for the elite and that he has the same temperament for politics as any other insane and inconsistent idiot in Washington. Whoever made this propaganda, being in no way different from what the Republicans conceived, had only goals in their head driven by a capitalist impulse. That is to say that someone will benefit and it seems that the "new green politicians" support venture capital companies that buy hordes of land in order to develop the "new utopian future" with the "new technologies". It's the same old story, Al Gore is a strong supporter of the elitist structure, he believes in fact that there is a "democracy" in the United States that I find very naive. If we do not pay the salaries of oil companies, we will pay them to wind and solar companies. <br /> <br /> I find the speech in the end pretty rancid, like something GW Gore spoke about "people who unite to defeat communism" in the 1990s, that it has to do with global warming, it does not do anything but it tries to make bright emotions ruminate people. That said, he did not understand that communism had never existed in the world, the systems in Europe and the USSR were only a tyrannical form of authoritarianism and capitalism, no less different than those who control the interests of the United States. Social ecology was not even mentioned here, which is really a travesty. If you want to change the world, then you have to get rid of these obsolete systems based on greed, exploitation and violence.
