Well, maybe the PC version of this game was awesome. May be. I just finished playing PS2 and the mess is total. <br /> <br /> Some elements are acceptable or promising. I will mention them first because it will be finished quickly. First, the idea of ​​a historic game similar to the GTA is excellent. The game Gun was a historical GTA game and, unlike the Mafia, Gun was excellent. I would love to see a game unfold in the Mafia era properly. Then the script is well written. The story makes sense, it has dramatic arcs, it uses an unusual device (a lot of the game is a background story) and it's interesting. Finally, some of the graphics, especially those used in cinematics, are impressive. The Mafia designers seemed to be looking for the appropriate graphics where GTA was skimping on this effort, especially the characters. Unfortunately, in many other areas, the graphics are a bit nauseating and I would prefer excellent gameplay to awesome characters. <br /> <br /> The gameplay lowers this title so low. First of all, the controls and the camera are really bad. This must be the primary goal of all game developers. You can not release a game where the controls and / or the camera are null. First, there is no reason for the player's character, Tom, to be unable to control his entire movement through the left analog lever. Unless it is absolutely necessary and almost never, I hate the installations in which the left joystick moves the character in "machine gun" fashion and the character can only turn with the right analog stick. Here, it's not only useless, most of the simplest actions become a challenge. For example, Tom has to climb on a few missions. But the game is so badly designed that you have to handle with frustration both the right analog stick and the camera, then press L1 every time you have to climb, otherwise Tom will come down instead. <br /> <br /> Next, I have never seen a worse fighting system. The first problem is that you can not aim or lock on any target. At one point, the game seems to tell you that you can use L2 or R2 to lock targets, but it never worked. So, to focus on any enemy, you have to fight with the stupid right analog stick and try to keep adjusting the character's orientation and the camera, which tends to drift to the wrong angle or make it disappear Tom all the time. At that time, you are probably injured or shot. <br /> <br /> Then, if you almost touch or touch an enemy - and this will certainly be the case for melee combat or when using melee weapons, the combat system, which consists mainly of to type or hold R1, is totally useless. Enemies can almost take you into a bear hug, but you can not move if you do not step back. Fights so close tend to be shooting at the left stick, screaming at the character to get away, which he will not do 50% of the time, then pushing as far as possible on R1 before the enemy does not get too close and makes R1 useless. And if the enemy changes angle between you, you will also fight with the correct analog stick to orient your character in the right direction and so that the camera is in position and you can see everything. At that point, you are probably again pummeled or shot, and your only option will be to try to move the character again. My fights were often about running Tom in circles like a humorous film, in the hope that I could gain enough time to struggle with the analog stick and get some pictures before being at the mercy of the AI. So much for realistic fights. <br /> <br /> And the same problems, if not more, exist when you try to fight with guns. If you touch someone, the controller will not allow you to trigger a shot for half of your time, but he can still trouble you. In addition, there is no automatic aiming and the aiming system is ridiculously sensitive, even if the sensitivity is set to zero in Options. Gunshots tend to be a desperate attempt to aim or flee as the enemy fires you one after the other. Fortunately or not, the damage seems to be registered almost at random. It can take one to ten strokes or more to neutralize any character, and there is no nursery rhyme or reason. You can put five shots in the head of an enemy and almost at close range and they will still shoot and hurt you. Yet, game designers seemed to care enough about realism to incorporate a retreat into your sighting system. Thus, after shooting with sufficiently powerful weapons, your objective will float out of the target and you will have to fight again with it. > <br /> As far as famous graphics are concerned, with the exception of the characters and textures you are close to, they are actually quite disappointing. The distance always seems almost empty, and there are often expanses of color and flat textures nearby when you drive. The city was not very well designed. It is not varied enough and there are not many interesting things to see or do. Cars seem slow and they are difficult to control. They all drive in much the same way. Some mentioned the music, but it was also pretty indescribable. Much better work could have been done in this regard. In addition, as many others have mentioned, loading times are ridiculous and constant. They tend to last more than a minute and occur between and in the middle of everything, even races. <br /> <br /> Overall, the port of the mafia on PS2, at least, seems to have been in a hurry. The game looks like an incomplete hack game.
