The game in this movie stinks. The plot has little meaning, but what I understood is supposed to be about this scientist who develops the ability to turn people's personal items into tiny steel balls that then fly into their mouths and turn them into zombies as appropriate). And the effects are so ugly. Most of the film is composed of bad music, the actors dancing in the same way as the bad music, interspersed with multiple boring sex scenes. This should be one of the worst things ever done, but for one thing. An element of shear shine that makes "Nightmare Weekend" stand out from all others. And this particular quality is George's presence. <br /> <br /> George is the kind interface device between the scientist's daughter, Jessica, and the home computer security system. With her green hair and nose, bald scalp and heart-shaped mouth, George is Jessica's guardian / confidant angel, who asks her for advice to meet guys in one of the most dramatic dialogues ever recorded on celluloid. With his monotonous synthesized voice, George tells Jessica what percentage of men prefer women in white dresses and that hitchhiking is the third best way to meet men after nightclubs and bars. Of course, little Jessica fails to stay safe, prompting George to execute the "Jessica Protection Emergency Program Code," which results in the violent death of Jessica's future abuser via one of aforementioned steel bullets. <Kubrick was a crazy fool to think he could give a computer personality using close-ups of a red light. HAL should have been represented by our friend George to better reflect compassion for his eventual death. The sound and light show at the end of "Close Encounters"? Not bad, but how good this movie would have been if the first contact with the aliens had been George the Hand Puppet. Bishop, Data, R2 ?? kitchen appliances next to the almighty George! It may be in the film for only 8 minutes out of 90, but make no mistake. This show is all about George. Even with a little screen time, George joins the ranks of such brilliant movie characters as Hollywood Montrose, Majai and Pappy from "New Moon Rising" as icons of American cinema. "George to Apache" ?? you are my hero.
