I give this film 3 out of 10 because I've watched millions of movies and can clearly say what an intellectual film should look like with a teasing message. Certainly, The Broken is not one of those movies. I have to admit that the movie made me think a lot about trying to figure out what everything was trying to do and despite the explanations I read in the previous comments, it just seemed like an exaggeration, just to have a me in the intellectual league. of people. the photo on the cover clearly shows that the "broken" is the broken upper part of the face that normally contains the brain. This is a clear message that once this part of the body is broken, the rest will be deformed and lifeless. So, you start waiting for the characters in the movie to show their flawed sides, which is not evident in any of the scenes because the movie starts right away without any introduction to the characters and their lives before. Although we saw the father hold a rifle when his children tried to surprise him as if he knew he had enemies, it is not a very powerful clue. If the clues had been planted more in the film, it could have been said to be a masterpiece. But if the film had such a slow rhythm, it was both so empty and without any metaphorical scene. And the meeting of the evil daddy with pervert Gena at the end is an irrefutable proof of the refutations of existential messages that some people have spoken in other comments. Moreover, if Gena really lives in the apartment as her brother tells her at the end, how is it that she is the wicked? I bet I can challenge any theory about this film with so many questions that can only lead to one conclusion: this movie is pretentious and a waste of time. Obviously, it shows someone trying to make a meaningless mystery something that has no value. I'm a big fan of horror movies and especially slasher that some call popcorn movies. Horror movies are not meant to convey deep messages! They are supposed to discover the beautiful mask of life and show you the other dark side, the most true, I suppose. Horror movies should have blood, screams, intensity, skeletons, organs, and body parts. Because it's real horror and it's never far from reality. I watched almost every horror movie and I can prove that every one of them can be as real as the sunrise. Nothing is unreal as long as the mind has thought it. For example, the horror film "Train" with all its tenacity and similarity, and almost its resemblance to "Hostel", speaks of a very real thing that sells illegal organs by illegally removing people in foreign places. would ask or seek. <br /> <br /> And even if we considered the film Broken as a film with an existential message, it is still very poorly presented and the least scary. I prefer the addiction message in Requiem for a Dream, which goes beyond addiction to emphasize that any kind of addiction, be it sex, television, security / care, etc. can be so destructive and scary. of me And those who always blame horror movies for being meaningless and commercial, are usually just people who are scared and do not like that, but that does not mean that there are fans of such films and they have a lot to offer the viewer: strong emotions, excitement, leadership lessons (believe it or not!), entertainment especially during face-to-face interviews with gasoline of life, as ugly and scary as it sounds, Death!
