If the myth about broken mirrors was correct, everyone involved in this production would now face about 170 years of bad luck because many mirrors are falling apart. If only the screenplay was as bright as the glass, "The Broken" would have been a brilliant film. Nowadays, it is unfortunately a film too long, derivative and boring, which contains only some remarkable ideas and memorable sequences. Sean Ellis made a very elegant and elegantly photographed film, but the story is dull and the total lack of logic and explanation is really frustrating. I had a discussion with a friend about the basic concept and the "meaning" of the film. He thinks Ellis has found inspiration in an old legend claiming that watching your Doppelganger is a hunch of how you are going to die. Interesting theory, but I do not know this legend and I did not find anything about it on the Internet. Personally, I simply think that "The Broken" is an umpteenth variant of the theme "Invasion of the Body Snatchers", but without foreign interference. "The Broken" is centered on the American McVey family living in London, and especially on Gina. When a mirror breaks spontaneously on a birthday, it triggers a whole series of mysterious and seemingly supernatural events. Gina sees herself in a car and follows her image in an apartment building. Returning home in a state of mental confusion, she causes a terrible car accident and ends up in the hospital. When she is fired, Gina feels that her whole environment is changing. She no longer recognizes her own boyfriend and strange fragments of the accident continue to blink in front of her eyes. Does she suffer from mental trauma caused by the accident or is there really a supernatural plot going on around her? Screenwriter / director Sean Ellis certainly invokes feelings of curiosity and suspense in his screenplay, but unfortunately he fails to develop them properly. "The Broken" is a truly atmospheric and elegant endeavor, but it's only after half an hour of film that you come to the painful conclusion: there will only be a beautiful, empty package left. There is a lot of suspense in the film. It means creating tension, through sinister music and abnormal angels, when nothing has happened yet. At the moment when the mysterious reality comes into play, these tricks have no more scary effect on you. Some of my fellow critics here compare the film and in particular Sean Ellis' style with the repertoires of David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick and even Alfred Hitchcock, but it's like that ?? Far too much honor. PS: what's up with this alternative spelling? the one with the Scandinavian "ø"
