This film is a pure trouble, distilled and unmixed. I did not know anything before entering the dark room and sitting down. I was seduced by the "mysterious and suspensive" text on the poster, I suppose. In addition, Lena Headey is kind and sexy, and Richard Jenkins is still a trustworthy dude, so the casting seemed reasonable. It may be his name, above the title, that convinced me to move on instead of what was happening. I should have gone to see Valkyrie for the second time instead. <br /> <br /> The thin plot revolves around Headley's Gina McVey, her boyfriend, her father, her sister and her husband who, for whatever reason, are hunted down in a very fishy way. without enthusiasm, by their diabolical doppelgangers who emerge from mirrors that mysteriously break. There could be a big movie behind this idea (not exactly an original idea, but still ...) and in fact, if the filmmakers had eliminated all the actors and had simply stuck to the story of the character of Headey, The Broken could have made a reasonable short film of 20 minutes. In this case, he is desperately unmotivated, boring and terribly incoherent. <br /> <br /> For example, in a scene, a mirror breaks alone in a room housing all the main characters; they look puzzled but forget quickly. In another scene, a mirror crashes into an empty room and a doppelganger is visible as it "leaves" fragments left on the wall. So, why did the first mirror burst if no crawling came crawling? Just for a little thrill? There are far too many scenes of characters in the dimly-lit apartments of London, scanning the corners, as they thought they heard something, but seeing nothing there and continuing. We begin to wonder, why does this malicious doppelgang not really try to scare them? Frighten the characters and you may scare the audience. But we, the audience, will have to start threatening each other, in the darkness of the theater, if we want to have thrills during The Broken. By the way, once we've spent time with these evil doubles, we're totally puzzled as to why we should expect anyone to be afraid of them: they just stand around them, empty eyes, perhaps totally harmless after killing others. <br /> <br /> There are good moods and touches overall, and I dare to say that director Sean Ellis could create a truly elegant and suspenseful mystery film if he were to engage an imaginative screenwriter next time.
