A few days after writing about how MAD COWS and THIS FILTHY EARTH were getting money while Angel, Duncan and Theo were totally ignored, I had to sit on another British movie * that had collapsed my head and explained why he had received a single penny. Some people may claim that since DEAD BABIES is based on a highly regarded novel, it has a well-built market, but THIS FILTHY EARTH and MAD COWS have also been adapted from novels and are a test to watch. <br /> <br /> I had read the synopsis of the plot where a group of high-class wasters went to a distant mansion where they were harassed by an Internet cult, but to be honest, this is not really how the story unfolds and all those who expect it to be Friday THE 13 meet THE SHINING will be bitterly disappointed, since 90 to 95% of the race time is devoted to the so-called characters who take drugs and discuss sexuality. And what odious characters they are too. None of them are friendly and you will have the nostalgia of Stalin, Mao and Pol Pot in a few minutes hoping that the next time someone embarks on a communist democide, he will succeed in creating an egalitarian utopia. All that will signal the end of these decadent bourgeois meaningless and that the odious characters of this film embark can only be greeted <br /> <br /> It is not happy to give us a film where the intrigue is sinuous and where the audience fails to communicate with the characters, the director continues to spoil things further by demonstrating intelligence and art. No doubt it is to impress us, so we will kneel and cry "Oh my god, what a wonderful director of the way he imbibes us of his highly artistic technique and only a worthless people may not understand what talent god gave this talent the man is ". I'm sure the vast majority of people shouted, "How come my plans were turned away when such bullshit was not?" Or "WTF was the last half hour of this bullshit?" You could defend the film by saying that the original novel was impossible to film, which makes the film unassailable. I agree that this film is unassailable <br /> <br /> * I know the IMDb classes as an American movie, but the style and flaws of DEAD BABIES are typically British. The Americans may think that they have problems with Bush, but we have Tony Blair, not to mention DEAD BABIES, MAD COWS and THIS FILTHY EARTH. No wonder everyone is ashamed to be British in the 21st century
