This film could be used in film lessons as part of the course "How not to write a screenplay in a film B". A series B movie has inherent limitations: budgets are tight, time is precious (Scarecrow was apparently shot in 8 days) and actors are often green and inexperienced. One of the aspects you have absolute control over is writing the best possible script within the defined limits. The Scarecrow script seems to have been written in a drunken haze. I could go over fifteen examples of the foolish scenario of this film, but I'll mention just one: The Gravedigger. The character of the gravedigger is introduced about an hour into the film. He apparently has no connection with any of the characters already present in the film. He is shown with his daughter, who also has no connection with anyone in the film. The gravedigger is given some scenes in which he must act, then he is killed to extract the number of deaths. Why give a girl to the gravedigger? Why give the girl a boyfriend? Why introduce them so late in the film? Why not try to integrate them into the current scenario? Scarecrow does not seem to care. <br /> <br /> The story of Scarecrow looks pretty much like this: Lester is a high school student (played by an actor I would say very early, 30 years old) who is chosen by other children. He is an artist who draws birds and has a crush on a classmate named Judy. His mother is a lush whore and the city. One of his disgruntled friends mocks his drawings (calling him "fagot" to attract birds instead of "monsters and cowboys." If you still have a high school student drawing cowboys, I think more likely that he is gay high school student who draws crows) and later kills Lester, in a cornfield, under the scarecrow titular. As if by magic, Lester's soul goes into the scarecrow. In a way, this transfer turns Lester's soul into an artist-wise gymnast (I know some critics have called the Scarecrow Scarecrow Kung Fu.) I do not agree. practically all the routine before jumping into the truck during the climax of the film). The scarecrow then continues to kill those who tormented him, those who smoke marijuana in the cornfield, those who dig graves, the little friends of the gravedigger girls, just about everyone who came forward on the movie set. <br /> <br /> The bonus on the DVD must be mentioned. The director (a Frenchman) makes an impromptu version of rap music, admits that he likes not having frames on the set to be able to fuck his wife while he works and gives a quote to live (and I paraphrase): "Life ez a bitch, but and has a nice ass" <br /> <br /> Number of beers that I drank while watching this movie: 5 Did it help you: No number of beers needed for Enjoy this movie: All you need to get to the power outage while drunk.
