Over the last 20 years, the majority of British films have shown how horribly miserable the United Kingdom is and that our young people have no chance of living well while living on the streets of small British cities. The British film industry is obsessed with the idea of ​​a "broken Britain". Trainspotting is England, Kidulthood, Football Factory, Kes and London to Brighton. <br /> <br /> Bullet Boy is just another British film added to this list. The main character expresses the desire to go straight, but he always insists on hanging out with dead beats who carry weapons and fight with gang members for nothing. I have never been convinced that he wants to go straight ahead, because nothing prevented him from pursuing studies or a trade. In fact, it would have been a breath of fresh air if he had done well and if we had a character who changed his life. Instead, he spends his time helping his friend try to commit murder. I felt no sympathy when another teenager shot at the end of the film, which is sad, because at the beginning of the film, I loved the whole family and their desire to succeed. I believe that creators have missed a good opportunity to show the world that success belongs to those who are willing to do anything to achieve it (like The pursuit of happiness). <br /> <br /> I know that the purpose of this film was to try to paint a realistic picture of the lives of black teenagers living in popular neighborhoods of Britain, but have not we already enough movies in the UK? with this same plot? Is it not time for these talented producers and writers to give young British people something to aspire to and show them that a better life is about to unfold? <br /> <br /> I congratulate the authors of Bullet Boy for not having charged the film integrally with the blind violence to try to win the success by shock factors (like Kidulthood, Football Factory), but at the same time , this movie offers nothing new to a long list of British films that are actually boring and depressing to watch. There is no happy ending to this film or any of the others I mentioned.
