One of the five worst movies I have ever watched. And I'm not exaggerating. In fact, I recommend you watch it so that you can get the same feeling of disbelief as watching Showgirls. <br /> <br /> Out of 400 votes, the film gets a score of 5.3 / 10. But there is a disproportionate number of voters who gave it a 10/10, probably because of the movie's message - the Nuclear weapons are the scourge of humanity. Chuck Murdock is a small star thrower who abandons baseball because there are nuclear weapons. Soon "Amazing Grace" Smith is a Boston Celtic star inspired by the story of Chuck and giving up basketball. Soon, all the sports leagues, from the professional level to college, high school and small league, break up at a world event. Later, every child in the world goes on a silence strike. This prompted the US president to meet the Soviet prime minister, who eventually agreed to eliminate all nuclear weapons in time for the start of the next Little League season. The film ends when Chuck is about to throw the first pitch and the president tells his new friend, Chuck, not to worry about striking each batter, as he has not started a baseball since a year. <br /> <br /> Somewhere along the line, an infamous hell boss kills Amazing Grace. When the president discovers it, he is told that the FBI can verify the murderer but can never prove it. Then the president calls the boss of the underworld ("But it's an hour" "I do not care, put it online") and tell him he must resign from all the advice of society where he seat and sell all the shares he has. And not to lose the line. <br /> <br /> Honestly, this movie was so bad that I could not turn it off. It was on television from 2:30 to 4am and I watched everything. Anti-nuclear propaganda did not discourage me. I was shocked by the incredible collapse of all organized sports. I do not even understand why "Amazing Grace" Smith was killed. And with all those famous athletes who became friends with Chuck, why was the father constantly angry with his son who was taking a position of principle? And there was the cliché towards the end when Dad told Chuck, "I never told you that, but I'm proud of you." Cue hug.
