It's a real shame that almost anyone under the age of 30 does not know the "exaggerated" writing of Michael O'Donoghugh magazine articles, SNL sketches that were brilliant at the time ... and that he It is therefore a shame that anyone who takes the opportunity to look for his work will undoubtedly take the easy way out and watch videos, thus leading them to Mr. MIKES MONDO VIDEO. <br /> <br /> This film contains intelligent elements that never completely connect to this fun bone. The viewer experiences such things as diving / swimming a cat with the man who thinks he has found feline happiness by throwing these kittens into a pool that the camera follows in slow motion and in a montage sequence. Then we are taken to an island where all past fashions are removed (hula hops, pets, rainbow wigs, etc.). Then we enter the world of music (punk was a new variety of music at the time of this movie) where "D" Rootboy Slim, interprets bars at preferential rates, plays "boogie up to vomit" in his own lazy style of earth and eclectic. Now, the real beauty of all this is the background music. In many different styles with many different instruments, the sound of TELSTAR plays and reproduces - for those who do not understand Telstar was the first American satellite launched in space and the theme was created to celebrate genius and triumph of the man. Mr. MIKES seems to have been conceived as a ridiculous signal of disgrace to society. At present, the theater has proposed that the video output is not a live performance of Sid Vicious (ex-sex gun, not the wrestler) singing MY WAY. Its version is very different from Sinatras, as one might imagine, but frankly, I feel that it is really worth listening to ... it's good! It's the sad part of Paul Anka's VHS release that denies the rights to his song and the viewer is forced to experience 3 and a half minutes of silence with an explanation of the image of the dead sex gun. <br /> <br /> I would give the theater outing a 5 or 6, the video is closer to a 4 and now that it's gone so much, I can see where a lot of people would give it a 3 or 2.5. If you want to see a good O'Donoghugh script look at SCROOGED ... it's a better tribute to the insight and talent of the man.
