Well, I'm probably about to be harassed by everyone on this site, but The Good Earth is one of the worst structured movies I've seen in a long time. We have a two-and-a-half-hour movie that looks like three and a half because it has two movies in one. The first film tells the story of a family who has to move because of drought and famine. They have to travel south of cities to find food or work. In a practical way, they find a bag of jewels and discover at the same time that the drought is over. Yeah OK. With this knowledge, they return home with their wealth and all is well again. <br /> <br /> Well, it takes about an hour and a half of film and although he is incredibly lifeless at this point, he has a beautiful bow. You would think it would be a fantastic place to finish the movie. However, the movie then continues for another hour. And in the time left, it takes a simple story about a family struggling with the world's hardships and makes it a lousy melodrama about betrayal and jealousy among lovers. Oh yes and age, money is the root of all evil blah blah blah. Just because you know you are making an epic movie does not mean that your story can go on unnecessarily. In addition, the main idea I think of this film is that the land is good for this family and keeps it together. So why do we spend an hour telling the story of a rich man falling in love with another woman, and why is the last moment of the film dedicated to a woman whose main character has not even cared since the beginning of the film? <br /> <br /> Oh, wait and the movie is not the only thing that is badly written, the woman of the main characters makes absolutely no sense. She complains a lot about being a slave and she never wants to have a slave and yadda yadda yadda. So why, in no time, does she want to sell her only daughter into slavery? Even if they are starving at the time of this idea, it still does not make sense when she complains 20 minutes later in the movie of not wanting a slave any more. <br /> <br /> There are other films from the 30s that need attention. The only thing this one has to go is the cinematography. The terrain is beautifully shot, oh and the sequence with the locusts is pretty impressive. Too bad it was in a movie that had nothing to say. <br /> <br /> One more thing. I know that at that time, Hollywood was mainly turned to the stars and they thought that a good actor could represent everything. During most of the film, Paul Muni portrays an Asian man as best he can, but once the film reaches the point where the film goes on without any reason, he loses it and simply becomes the old Italian Paul, he cuts himself even the hair. he looks like Tony from Scarface (also a better movie than this one). I think three of the main characters in the movie are Asian, the others are just stupid Americans. Oh, and please, Mrs. Rainer, it was a great performance on a note, no, if I could take the Oscar out of your hands, oh, I would. <br /> <br /> Good land is an epic waste of time. If you want something that long to watch this beautiful evening, get yourself The Grapes of Wrath, a movie that really deserves all the praise it receives. Mainly because it was not written by a monkey.
