... because they are both pretty ugly. I think the best part of the movie is the horribly imperial photo of Faye Dunaway at the top of the stairs. Looks like she could very easily get out of this picture, tear somebody in bloody pieces and go back quietly in the portrait, as if nothing had happened. You now know that a movie is in trouble when a piece of the scene manages to catch your attention. <br /> <br /> I admit, I paid $ 30 DVD so I could see Faye Dunaway in a contemporary horror movie. I know what you think - $ 30 in a gaping black hole. And you would be absolutely right. This film is nil. There, it's just in the open air. I was expecting real fears, and I waited, waited and waited. None came. The raven (probably a raven made up) did not scare me, see that small pieces of internal organs did not scare me and even Faye did not scare me. I'm not so brave, I know, so it must be the movie itself that's a problem. Plus, Jennifer was not scared either. Her internal organs were literally falling apart and she seemed more pained than anything. Her life was ending quickly and she was worried about getting more money. Honey, you can not take money where you go !!! "I need money," she says continuously, completely unaware that her lungs have collapsed and stopped working. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, I spent the whole movie stunned wondering what was going on with the grandmother (Faye). . I was suspicious at first, Faye playing a grandmother and everything, and I was always suspicious at the end. Another family member lives in the house that Jennifer and Mary Ellen, the grandmother of hell, are forced to temporarily share. I suppose she is of the same generation as the said grandmother. Here is the strange part - the relative seems to have endured her eight hundredth birthday party. Mary Ellen seems to have a facelift at a renowned surgeon. Facelifts can not work miracles, but I think Faye's appearance is important to the rice paper plot. SPOILER!!! It seems that the family is plagued by an illness that affects bad deeds ... sorry, my little joke. Seriously, all diseases cause the failure and disintegration of their organs. Yuck, huh? Interestingly, Mary Ellen is still alive and all her organs are intact. How did she avoid the family spell? Obviously, something is happening. <br /> <br /> Another reason to mourn the loss of my thirty dollars: this film staged one of my marmots of all time. I am referring to the double end. This film ends twice. I absolutely hate it when it happens, and in this film, we get the impression that the director turned the end, did not like it, and forgets to remove it during editing. I guess it's supposed to scare you, but it's only if you're a film editor. <br /> <br /> There is one advantage to this debacle, though, and that's one of the reasons I bought the DVD. The "filmmaker" commentary features Faye Dunaway and I wanted to see how she acted while she did not have lines to recite. Guess what - the movie was so bad that I could not watch it anymore. Drat.
