Jennifer's Shadow takes place in Argentina and begins with the arrival of Jennifer Cassi (Gina Philips) after the death of her sister Johanna. Jennifer left Johanna's big house in her will, Jennifer decides to sell the house and return to Los Angeles even though her grandmother Mary Ellen (Faye Dunaway) opposes the sale. Even if strange things start to happen, Jennifer starts having nightmares about Ravens pecking her and she starts to feel very sick. After an examination at the hospital, it seems that one of his kidneys has mysteriously disappeared. What's going on for Jennifer? Is it an old family curse? Will Jennifer be the next to die ... <br /> <br /> This Argentinian-American co-production was co-written and co-directed by Daniel de la Vega and Pablo Parés & is a really dull waste a strange ninety-minute story, a tedious and predictable modern ghost story that, I suppose, will make more people sleep earlier than frighten them. The scenario of Vega, Parés and PJ Pettiette is quite slow and tedious, which is not what everyone wants, I mean I'm sure most people do not want to sit and be bored of their skull. The characters are all uninteresting and relatively faceless with little or no motivation for anything they do. For example, who is this guardian of the cemetery? How did he know the demons? What is his interest and motivation to get involved? I could not see him. Jennifer herself is a pretty unfriendly and bland woman. His grandmother Mary Allen is as cliched as they come and it is amazing that she is so obviously the bad guy. I mean for this kind of horror / ghost story based on a mystery, it's surprisingly predictable and routine. There are gaps in logic and history that, coupled with the terrible end of twist that does not bother me at all, displeased me. Jennifer's Shadow one iota. <br /> <br /> The directors Vega & Parés change their feelings. whitening lane used almost all the color of the photo which often makes it not too far from the black and white, I guess they wanted to give it a gothic appearance of the time but this has been done so many times before and often so better than that did not do much for me and just gives the whole movie a dull and lifeless appearance. There is also a resolute look of quarantine, costumes inside the big house, but again, it is rather half warm and cheap. Jennifer's Shadow is well done, but it's pretty forgettable, it's not scary or scary and it's rather predictable. If that were not enough, there is no gore, there are some scenes of Ravens pecking at people and a beating heart, but nothing else. <br /> <br /> With a supposed budget of about $ 1,000,000 and reiterated at The Raven Chronicles for its US and international DVD release, it's reasonably well done, but one million people will not buy it from you a lot these days and Jennifer's Shadow proves this theory. There are too many actors' scenes that also speak with Argentinian accents, although that may seem realistic, I like to be able to understand what people are saying. The role play is good, although Dunaway is doing the wrong thing and is obviously worth the money. <br /> <br /> Jennifer's Shadow is a dilapidated ghost movie that I thought was boring from start to finish, I'd rather watch The Incredibly Strange. Creatures who have stopped living and have become mixed zombies !? (1964) once again instead. A total loss of time.
