This is undoubtedly the most disappointing and least rewarding film of the whole genre of Blacksploitation, which, by the way, are films that we generally enjoy a lot here. Rather than being an "exploitation" or a humiliation, these films provide an inestimable insight into an era. Well, not Bucktown. <br /> <br /> In this story, Duke returns to Bucktown to run the night club left to him by his recently deceased brother. He quickly learns that the city is fully controlled by a corrupt police force, melting protection money on all local businesses. The duke resists and decides that he will save the city from the corrupt police. Unfortunately, he does so by calling his friends (these people are vaguely explained as former black activists who have worked with Duke in the past on "jobs") and simply murder the entire police department in cold blood. And literally in the presence of hundreds of witnesses who do nothing to stop him. Ignorance does not justify murder, and it would have been much more fun to see the Crackers police suffer for their actions than to be hit in the street. While revenge is a ubiquitous and generally satisfying theme in such films, it is hard to see Pam Grier hunt down the thugs who offended his family, harassed them, punched them with jujitsu and stopped. 'in fire. It has art (and a reason to exist) and deserves a level of respect that is not earned by simply shooting someone in the back. Of course, in this bizarre tale, she plays a woman completely under the thumb of The Man, fearing the Crackers who run her city and oppress her people. In fact, his advice to Duke is: "Run, man, they'll kill you!" <br /> <br /> As a result of the disgusting and gratuitous violence, it is expected that the mayor of the city will unreservedly endorse the actions of Duke and his friends, congratulating them and proposing to march in their honor, instead of calling, for example, the District Attorney to press charges of murder against them and have them arrested. The Duke band declines the parade and instead chooses to fill the many vacancies in the police created by their recent killing. They are immediately more corrupt than their predecessors in cookie politics (to quote the mayor: "They are ten times worse than we had before!"). Now, Duke realizes that he must once again save the citizens of Bucktown from the corrupt, law-abiding police, and once again protect the honest people who run a prostitution business on the streets. Unfortunately, Duke has already lost all moral reasoning and sympathy to a hero because he was willing to participate in the murder of the original police force. I would never have worried about whether he had saved Bucktown or plugged himself at this point. I guess we need to be entertained by the intelligent way that Duke has to be smarter than the new cops, but in reality the film is becoming a gratuitous opera of violence. Duke coldly murdered all his old friends and allies. the lack of compassion he felt when he killed the Cracker police. Duke is a pig. <br /> <br /> Finally, when everyone in town, except Duke, Aretha and the employees of the local brothel, died and bleeds in the street. Our hero and our heroine go out into the night even though they have admirable qualities or redemptive values; they do not do it. Duke is simply a murderous thug and Aretha, his misogynist accomplice. If you're interested in this kind of movie, I highly recommend it, see Coffy, Foxy Brown, Truck Turner, Blacula, Sheba Baby, but if you have to browse this DVD, throw it as far away as you can! Make it fall as if it were hot! It should be treated as a puddle of nuclear waste! There is no film in the Blacksploitation era that is radically more entertaining, satisfying and populated with more sympathetic and admirable characters than this piece of slime, obviously written by and intended for high school students to imbalance hormone imbalance.
