The night of the comet begins as the world prepares for a unique event, the passage of a comet over 65 million years old. Instead of watching the light show Regina Belmont (Catherine Mary Stewart) decides to spend the night with movie projectionist Larry Dupree (Michael Bowen) in his booth ... They wake up the next morning and Larry tries to leave the cinema he is attacked & killed by a zombie, the same zombie attacks Regina but she manages to escape and discovers that almost everyone on the entire planet has been turned into red dust. Almost everyone because, surprisingly coincidentally, the only other person to survive is his sister Samantha (Kelli Maroney). They are desperate for other survivors and meet a long-distance trucker named Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran). Meanwhile, a band of evil scientists need human blood to develop a serum to protect themselves from dust and search for unwanted donors ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Thom Eberhardt Night of the Comet is a great waste reading experience, I'm surprised how many positive comments about IMDb about it, because I thought it was a boring shit that never lived up to its potential. The scenario starts at 100 miles an hour with the obliteration of the entire population of the Earth and a zombie attack, but it goes absolutely nowhere and finally introduces the scientists who steal the blood of sinister towards the end of the film because at that time the thin story ran its course. If these scientists want blood, why shoot the three or four members of a gang and save the two sisters when the guys would have provided more blood for their experiments, killing them just seemed a totally weird and almost suicidal thing to Since they need blood to develop a cure, it makes no sense. I mean, if you're going to die and you need to experiment with human blood, would you prefer five or six donors to provide blood or only two? I do not have the fact that the two sisters survived independently of each other, I mean what are the chances on this? When Hector confronts the scientist for the first time, she never mentions Samantha, where she was or where the underground facilities where she had taken Regina before committing suicide. How did Hector know these things? I also thought that after about the first twenty minutes, the movie slowed down at a steep pace and became incredibly boring and boring to watch, after hearing so many good things about it, Night of the Comet seems to me nothing like more than a boring piece overrated. <br /> <br /> The director Eberhardt did a very good job, I liked the look of the film with his red-tinted sky and he managed to create a really cool atmosphere of isolation. Unfortunately, there are far too many empty street plans, there are constantly mounds of empty streets, deserted roads and abandoned buildings, and it becomes extremely repetitive and dull. OK, we realized there was no one else. It is therefore not necessary to continue to sink in the throat by constantly showing roads without cars. The zombies are totally ruined, there are two zombie attacks throughout the movie and it's two individual zombies as well as there are some effective nightmare scenes. Night of the Comet pays tribute, or scam as you see fit, to several other much better films, including the mandatory shopping around the world in a raised shopping center at Dawn of the Dead (1978). Forget any trace of blood or blood, because there is none. <br /> <br /> Technically, Night of the Comet is pretty good, the special effects are pretty good and the production team was obviously very good at closing the streets. The role of actor was normal for Maroney in the role of Samantha, the blonde head that became very irritating. <br /> <br /> The night of the comet was a big disappointment for me. I was hoping so much more. Personally, I found this film dull, boring, uneventful and the sequence of throwing up where the sisters go shopping on an air of "Girls Just Wanna Have Fun" is probably the worst moment of the film. Really bad and I just do not understand why so many people like it, I'm sure I'm going to be slaughtered for saying it, while the bad things start, I can bear it ...
