I think we must applaud all those who composed the trailer of the latest version of Rogue Pictures, "The Return". Myself and everyone else was fooled into thinking it was a horror movie. On the contrary, it is a supernatural thriller. Too bad, it's not the least bit exciting. <br /> <br /> "The Return" stars Sarah Michelle Gellar as Joanna Mills, a young woman who has had personal problems since the age of eleven. It was at this age that she began to have a haunting vision of the murder of a woman she never met. During her business trip to Texas, she is guided by these visions in the hometown of the murdered woman, La Salle. There, she finds herself in front of another person who has often figured in her visions. A man named Terry Stahl, played by Peter O'Brien. Joanna is now looking desperate for answers. A search that could eventually lead to his own murder. <br /> <br /> I really do not know where to start, my friends. What should I mention first? The atrocious game, the hideous staging, or the terribly bland story? No matter which one I choose my point behind each is the same: they just suck. The scenario of Adam Sussman is downright stupid. It's not interesting. This is not convincing. It's just unpleasant. I was always waiting for something to revive the "movie" (I put quotes around the movie because I do not think "The Return" deserves to be called a real movie because of its rudeness.) And at least give him a slight chance of hope, but nothing happened. I was left in an unbearable cold to freeze. Not even the stellar performances of the actors themselves could have saved this disaster. Of course, they probably knew it after reading the script and agreed to do the "movie". I guess that's why the acting was so terrible. At least that's what I choose to believe. I really hope the cast does not take pride in his performances. They need immediate medical care if they do. <br /> <br /> Now the staging was undeniably bad, but I absolutely can not crucify Asif Kapadia. (Well, I could, but I will not because I'm such a nice guy.) I consider 'The Return' as a test for Kapadia, because for all of you who do not know it, it's his first long film. feature film. "He has just stepped into the door and continues to learn.The next time, well, if there is a next time, he will have greatly improved.The only thing he could accomplish here was to reproduce almost completely the visual style of the new reproduction of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" by Marcus Nispel in 2003. Now it's good that the "film" was given to that, but unfortunately he will not receive I still do not congratulate myself for that, copying someone else's work is not, in my opinion, commendable (even though it's a film I liked a lot). ) <br /> <br /> I think that Jim Sonzero's American remodeling of "Pulse" will now have to lead to the title of "Worst film of the year." The return. 'There is no doubt that the title deserves the title in almost every conceivable way.Now I have no doubt it will make a little, and I mean a very small teacher In any case, it will not go beyond or parallel the random success of Gellar's previous acting career, 'The Grudge'. On this note, there is one last thing I would like to add. Honestly, I can say that I was never embarrassed to have been seen leaving a theater auditorium before seeing "The Return". It's something I never want to experiment with, the "movie" itself.
