Not only does the author of the film, Steven Greenstreet, obviously idolize Michael Moore, but he also follows in his footsteps using several cinematic tactics of Moore's propaganda. However, Moore knows how to distract the viewer from this goal, while Greenstreet is obviously less qualified here. <br /> <br /> Having been aware of all the problems surrounding Moore's speech at UVSC, I was disappointed to see that most of the complaints from the community - that Moore was receiving $ 40,000 from state education to promote John Kerry's campaign and promote his own liberal film - were relegated to the background by Greenstreet, while minor issues were sensationalized. The marketing methods of this video were just as partial as they were shocking ... promoting the film stating that "Mormon tried to kill Moore". Not only is this absurd, but it defames a major religion with which Greenstreet clearly has personal problems. I followed Moore's visit very closely and all the major news agencies noted that it was coming and going with no credible security or incident in Utah. <br /> <br /> Greenstreet has relied on this film to revive his film career filmmaker to the point that he even left film school to speed up the process. This, however, appears to be a serious miscalculation, since Moore's visits to about 60 other colleges and universities across the country have diluted interest in this fairly common event. Greenstreet's thesis that the American public would be interested in this film because of the religious and conservative angles promoted does not seem to be valid. <br /> <br /> Even the name of the film, This Divided State, is a bit It's an abuse of language since Utah voted overwhelmingly for Bush's reelection and therefore seems more politically unified than any other state . The division in the title of the film seems more revealing of the gulf that exists between the ideological differences of Greenstreet with his religion and his state. I find rather a humorous correlation between the religious angle of this so-called documentary and Woody Allen's hilarious statement in Sleeper (1973) that "I was beaten by the Quakers".
