During all my years of filming, I only came out once of a film, and it was the terrible "Stay Tuned". Fortunately, the cinema paid off the ticket and I went to see "Buffy against the vampires" instead (minor improvement). This movie is "Gone With the Wind" compared to "Dick", a comedy so little funny that it almost became the second film of my life. "Dick" was so funny that it was impossible to laugh at it, let alone laugh with it. <br /> <br /> Certainly, paying to see a movie with a title like "Dick" suggests that it will be filled with a stupid "dick" joke and results in a huge disappointment. Still, I had a lot of hope because of the notable cast (Daniel Hedaya, Bruce McCullough, Dave Foley, Kristen Dunst, etc.) and a premise that promised at least something Fresh. As expected, the film delivered four terribly predictable "dick" jokes, a comical time-lag, and a premise that had waned after the first five minutes. In short, it was the watergate scene of "Forrest Gump" tense - no, put on a display and mutilated - more than 90 minutes and more than anything. <br /> <br /> As soon as you understand that the two main characters - flawless and tasteless griners who constantly pant and roll their eyes - will take part in all major Watergate events, you will begin to mentally check the plot. as it unfolds: 18 minutes and a half deleted from the Nixon, CHECK bands; Deep Throat meetings with Woodward and Bernstein, CHECK; John Dean changes his mind and testifies, CHECK. The process is more languorous and about as engaging as the real Watergate affair with about as much laughter. And while it's a fun re-deconstruction of the events that led to President Nixon's resignation, he's turning into a comedy to paint by numbers, choose your own adventure, complete very little and enter even less. <br /> <br /> Even the strong point of the film - the aforementioned cast - is incredibly unproductive here. The most disappointing of all is Harry Shearer in the role of G. Gordon Liddy. Trapped as he is behind Liddy's thick mustache and straitjacket in this morose scenario, Shearer mumbles a few lines, tries desperately to hide behind the nose and prosthetic eyebrows, and then disappears. Dave Foley, one of the comedic geniuses of Kids in the Hall (two others, Bruce McCullough and Mark McKinney, also appears in this film - ah, the blessings of nepotism) also hurts too. His wife, H. Haldeman, from time to time attends a relaxation of the funeral plot, but what is the funniest thing about him is the buzz he's sporting - maybe even the funniest movie. And then there is Daniel Hedaya in the role of Richard Nixon - oops, I mean "Dick". (Ha ha what funny fun.) He managed to play a solid Nixon, avoiding traps (excessive makeup, rubbery nose and false teeth at the Anthony Hopkins) while preserving the essence (vacillations between human tenderness and rudeness). It seems like I'm forgetting someone. . . oh yes, the two stars of the movie, these teens bursting with bubbles. I do not remember their names, maybe because I suppressed their performances. Nothing could be more distant than funny. nothing could be more painful than having to endure their delight that covered the entire "overactive" and "super-hyperactive" range with an occasional "pout" thrown in it. <br /> <br /> This film seemed to be a bad excuse to link up a 70's soundtrack and parade outrageous vintage clothes, which seem to be the norm nowadays for movies and TV shows drop down in the "decade". But clothes and music end up being an ersatz substitute for true characterization and intrigue, a sort of extra-intriguing shortcut that producers hope to compensate for anemic writing. <br /> <br /> The only possible use of this film In a few years, David Letterman or Conan O'Brien will appear in the cast. This appalling cinematographic excretion will be embarrassed and hopefully humiliate the surprise star. The sad thing is that the real bad guys - screenwriters and producers - will be out of sight of the cameras, which could lead to another disaster like this one. <br /> <br />
