When I saw the preview of this movie for the first time, I'm really looking forward to seeing it. The plot seemed good and the setting was great. I mean, a slasher film that takes place on graduation night, good idea !! And the plot: a high school teacher obsessed sexually by one of his students, goes crazy, is arrested and escapes three years later on the evening of the ball! The night of the ball, a night supposed to be happy and memorable, turns into hell !! However, I saw it and was extremely disappointed. It was not just the worst "horror movie" I've ever seen, but it was one of the worst movies I've ever seen! First of all, it was not even scary. There was not a moment in this movie where I jumped out of my seat. In addition, the scenes of murder were so old and boring. All the killer did was stab his victims in the stomach several times, or slit their throats. In addition, there was absolutely no gore (its PG-13 rating). The scene with the most blood is probably the one where the murderer murders the black girl. He cuts his throat and blood splashes the sheets around them (they do not show him cutting his throat). <br /> <br /> Then you see the killers face his first appearance in the movie. He is not mysterious, scary or scary. He's just this guy who kills people. <br /> <br /> In addition, everything in the movie was so cliché. For example, in the end, the killer is about to kill the main character and at the last moment the detective pulls him and kills him. In addition, every element of this movie was so predictable. The victim, after seeing the guy with a knife, runs to save his life, hides, thinks that she is leaving, then the assassin comes out and kills her. <br /> <br /> Finally, the film sequence was extremely bad. The guy comes into the hotel, kills a few people, discovers the bodies, someone pulls the fire alarm and everyone evacuates. The main character forgets something in his room, meets the murderer, runs away and escapes. That's all! She and her boyfriend go home, the slasher kills guards patrolling the house, finds the girl, then gets killed by the detective. The film sequence was so stupid and clichéd. <br /> <br /> If you're thinking of seeing this movie just because the preview looks good, trust me, do not waste your time and money. No wonder this film is screened in the smallest theater of cinema. My friend and I, with these two girls sitting in the back, were the only ones at the theater. That should have told me something about the movie in advance.
