The Little Mermaid is one of my favorite Disney movies. I'm sorry to say, however, that Disney has completely messed up when building this suite. I will admit that there are good points. The songs are not bad and the animation is clear and clear. There is a bit of humor, I'm sure - I do not remember, because after watching it, I immediately banished it again. The worst point of this film is the plot. In this film, Ariel becomes his father. She forbids her daughter to go near the sea (yes, out of fear), just as she was forbidden to go near the land. Personally, I think that, given his past, Ariel would maintain some of his heads and not treat his daughter as if she herself had been treated. <br /> <br /> In addition to this fact, Ursula has been replaced by a non-scary, pathetic kind of sea witch (the undernourished and forgotten sister) who is more comical than frightening. She also has a few little underlings to perform - but she's no more scary or worse than Ursula. Ursula spoiled us with her credibility for evil. This sea witch is a joke. <br /> <br /> Worse still, Flounder is a fat father, with a deep voice (this is no longer the cute guppy we all know and love) and Eric's voice is not even made by same actor (something that always annoys me in a remake / suite). (By the way, his voice difference was very obvious!) I thought the only reason this film was shot was that Disney could catch a few quick bucks, which I do not like to think about a company that I appreciate really. I felt that this plot lacked imagination. I know this act (a child who follows in the footsteps of a parent) happens, but Ariel was different. That's what we loved about her. She had a dream, she fell in love and she realized that dream. Until she appeared in this movie. Then she became like other adults. It's not the Ariel I know. And I do not like it. <br /> <br /> I know children who enjoyed this film and adults who did not care. But for me, and for all who have the greatest love for Ariel, do not see this movie, please. The Ariel in which we know dies, resurrected only for a song or two and a final scene that is not actually bad (where it accepts water again) - although it takes very little part in the end, no matter.
