I loved the first little mermaid. I know the songs, I like the characters and I like the story. I can not say anything about that about The Little Mermaid II: Back to the Sea. It was terrible. Let's start with the story. The plot was an inverted copy of the first film. Same situations, except the opposite! Ariel wanted to live ashore, her daughter Melody (creative name) wants to live at sea. Ariel was deceived by Ursula, Melody is cheated by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Ursula had a sister ?? I do not know where it comes from. In addition to being a strange copy of the first film, this scenario seemed tired and uninteresting compared to the first film. Now the characters: 1. Ariel - What happened to him ?? !! The brave and stubborn teenage girl we all knew and loved since the first movie, she's now "grown up" and her personality is gone. His singing voice was not as strong, either because Jodi Benson was much older, or because his songs were so terrible that his talent was wasted. 2. Prince Eric - Although he did not have much personality in the first film, like all Disney princes, his new voice and his few lines made him even more robotic. To top it off, he just can not defend himself and Ariel becomes the tough guy. 3. Sebastian - Say goodbye to the cute crustacean of the first movie, as a small, annoying crab has just taken its place. He did not have good songs in this movie either. You can almost forget the glory he earned by singing the incredible "Under the Sea" and "Kiss the Girl" of the first film, and it's very sad. 4. Flet: they destroyed it !! He is no longer cute, his voice is terrible and he has children now ?? Who is the mother ??? 5. Morgana - She seems to be Ursula's sister to take revenge on her mother, who has always chosen Ursula for her. She therefore predicts that the trident of King Triton will become the new ruler of the sea. Sounds familiar? Be that as it may, she is very mean and does not reach the greatness of Ursula. She sorely lacks witchcraft, she is not very strong and does not threaten at all. 6. Melody - the daughter of Ariel and Eric. Ironic name because, unlike Ariel, she can not sing. Her voice is annoying, her friends (a walrus and a penguin? Really ?!) are neither funny nor friendly, and she is exactly the same as Ariel, conversely and not so friendly. Skip this one. Do not watch any Disney sequel except Lion King 2. This movie has slaughtered the classic that lives in all our pleasant memories. I will watch this movie and just laugh.
