Okay, as a long-time Disney fan, I'm really faithful to Disney's video footage. Walt HIMSELF did not believe it. He believed in "And they lived happily after" being the end of it. But this one ... really checked the taco. There were so many scams from other Disney movies in this movie that it was not funny. Brief summary, if you do not already know ...: Birth of Melody, daughter of Ariel and Prince Eric. Ursula's sister, Morganna (who looks like Ursula, if she were to dye green and take the Ally Macbeal famine diet) introduces herself and, after trying to make the newborn baby and failing, prophesies the fate of the characters . After this ordeal, Ariel becomes a bit like his father and refuses to talk to Melody about his mermaid heritage. Later, she forbids him to go near the sea. Surprise surprise. Melody discovers it, being the stubborn kid she is, and runs away, then makes an agreement with Morgana to become a mermaid, in exchange for something. (Sounds familiar to you?) She becomes one, but in her market half, she has to get her grandfather's Trident back and bring it back to the sea witch. In doing so, she falls on two rejected animals, a penguin and a walrus named Timon and Pumb - huh? wait ... no! it's not Timon and Pumbaa! where is it? Could be wrong. Anyway, I would like to reveal more, but just about everything that can be guessed occurs. OK then ... long story short. This film "borrows" too many other (better) Disney movies ... and does it horribly. Come on ... Tip and Dash? Why not just make Dash darkly flatulent and make it an even more obvious scam! Ugh. Not to mention the total butchery of Ariel's character. She went from a free and stubborn woman to a clone of her father. Not good at all ... they basically tell us that the sweet and burning little mermaid we knew to grow up and that love is dead. In addition, Melody herself is not such a good character either ... she is annoyingly annoying! And bratty! Not to mention what they did to Flounder. Ugh ... anyway if you decide to see this piece created for mainly for-profit, unimaginative, c ****** sponsored by Eisner, I suggest maybe wait until either on the Disney channel or another television station. Because it's not worth the price of a rental. <br /> <br /> * stars on *****.
