I guess it was for Temple Matthews who wrote a remake, although there are few changes that make things worse. SPOILERS: It looks a lot like the original. Melody, Ariel's new daughter, is threatened by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Morgana escapes, but keeps her promise to take Melody away. Did Ursula have a sister ?! And she is not so mean as Ursula. This is where there are similarities. Medoly is kept in the sea until Morgana is captured, but she does not know because it all happened when she was a baby. A wall surrounds the palace to keep it and morgana. She spends day after day under the wall to bathe and talk with Sebastian, who is not as funny and fun as in the original. She finds a shell bearing her name and runs away from home to search for answers and finds Morgana. Here is a similarity; Morgana cheats Melody, making her happy by turning here into a mermaid. Meanwhile, Eric, Melody and King Triton are looking for her. To stay mermaid, she must steal the trident from Triton. So Melody knows it, because she does not know that King Triton is his father. She befriends a penguin and a walrus and that's where it's awful. The penguins who live with them in an icy ocean hate them because they are cowards. So they try to prove that they are heroes and fail. This is not suitable for the little mermaid. And the dialogue during these conversations between the penguins and these two characters bleeds. you know why? Because the first one had a good story. This one is not and is not magic. It's just an example of the severity of many sequels. <br /> <br /> Melody finds them and they help take her to Atlantica to prove herself. When they take the trident, Ariel finds Melody with Morgana. Melody is angry at her mother for keeping her from the sea. She gives the trident to Morgana, then she shows her true colors once she's grabbed it. Poor Ariel and Melody are under his care. The penguin and the walrus begin to prove themselves when they fight Morgana's shark friend. Sorry I did not mention it earlier. They finally proved themselves. Eric, King Triton and his soldiers arrive but are forced to bow down to Morgana under the trident effect. Melody takes it, throws it to Triton and slips Morgana (literally). Then Ariel apologizes to Melody and thinks everything is his fault. It was not! Ariel did well to protect Melody, but they never say it. Triton offers Melody to live at sea or on land. She actually has a "better idea". She uses the trident to spray the wall so that humans and seafarers can be together. Then everyone sings a horrible song. THE END. <br /> <br /> Anyone who has seen it and loves it has obviously not seen the original. I do not like it because I am a teenager. I liked when I was very very small. Then, as I got older, I started to see what was wrong with this movie. young people, young children will benefit, but it is likely that when they go to elementary school they will forget about it. Normally, I would think that I overestimate a movie and that it was better than I remember when I saw it again, but not this one. It's even worse. The story is no exception. If you thought, reading this, that the story is good, read more about this comment and you'll know the other negatives: Well, you know the story now. I'm sorry for spoiling it, but I had to point out some negatives. One of the worst things is animation. The color is awful. The original had a beautiful color. Watching it almost made me want to go blind. Even the illustrations and the landscape design were not good. The original had a beautiful, magic colors and a beautiful underwater landscape design and for the land too, which makes it a pleasure to watch. <br /> <br /> The music is unbearable. Compared to the first, the music here is shit. The songs are not very well composed and Tara Strong (I think that's her name) that made Melody can not sing. She sometimes sang too loud or did not follow the melody of the song. So much for the name "Melody". And the music is neither beautiful nor moving. Little Mermaid 1 won an Oscar for this and really deserved it. This one deserved a raid price for the worst musical score in a sequel if it existed. <br /> <br /> I did not like the voices. Several people who played the characters of the first, did the same in this. Jodi Benson is an excellent singer, but now that she is older, do not hurt her, her voice is too serious and not so beautiful. And I'm really disappointed with her and the others who were the first to be part of it. If I was chosen for this film, just by reading the script, I can say that it would be a bad movie. The characters are different now. Ariel is wiser now, but boring. They exaggerated her character, making her too mature. In suites, you are not supposed to change characters except for a particular reason. She was sixteen in the first. It is unlikely that it will change. It is at this stage that you become the person you are going to be for the rest of your life. The writers should think about that. They should think about the character. <br /> <br /> Well, I guess that's all for me. I hope you find my comment useful, because I am sure that many of you will agree with my point of view.
