This film makes me want to vomit every time I see it. If you take the first film and you reverse the plot (ariel wants to leave the sea, his daughter wants to go to the sea), take the same characters and give them new animals and new names, then throw an animation of shit and the biggest sucking factor, possible, you get the little mermaid 2. It's basically a copy of the first movie with a reverse plot. I will explain the horror step by step. These are the people of the first film: First, Prince Eric is still the Prince Eric, with about 3 lines throughout the movie. Ariel is stuck, annoying, and is not the carefree and stubborn mind we saw on the 1st. In fact, she is the exact opposite. Sebastian is still Sebastian, he's only less cute, less persuasive to be stressed, and the jokes are just not funny anymore. Flet has about 2 lines. He now has children and he speaks in a mute, nasal voice. Scuttle is still stupid, but not funny. The character of King Triton is probably the best, he still keeps intimidation and love for his daughter, Melody. Ariel and Prince Eric seem not to make fun of their daughter. <br /> <br /> As I said, all they did was use the characters from the first movie and copy them. Here's what they did: Ursula - The new bad villain is Morgana, Ursula's sister who feels like she has always lived in the shadow of Ursula. I would not be afraid of her if she showed up at my door with a knife. She can not do anything good and she is a failure as a bad guy. She has the same voice as Ursula. Sebastian & Flounder - Have been replaced by the dumbest acolytes, Tip & Dash, a walrus and a penguin. They try to be heroes but always fail when they try. the plot is so predictable. They become heroes in the end. Yawning. Flatson & Jetsom- Now replaced by a shark that was made about 10 times smaller by the newt. It's really bad too. Morgana and the shark (sharkbait, I think it was his name) have no chemistry, good or bad. Ariel-Ah, Ariel. Our beautiful mermaid was replaced by her non-charming daughter, the melody. Melody can not sing, her voice is about 2 octaves higher than she should be, and you want to hit her face because she's so fake and sweet. She wants to go to the sea, she is clumsy and the children make fun of her, she has to go find herself. yawning. <br /> <br /> Not only is the film boring and original, but it's so simplistic when you watch this movie, you'll be amazed at how bad it is. Some parts of the film make you want to call Disney and ask why such a horrible movie was made as a result of such a wonderful original movie. <br /> <br /> Basically, compare the little mermaid 2 to the little mermaid as compare and film Ed Wood in Casablanca. Never look at it, even when you're bored.
