.... scam a dozen of best movies. "The Story", especially Steven Martin, who at least has the grace to be fictional while his girlfriend at the time plays the role of his girlfriend in the film. <br /> <br /> Yes, naive boys and girls "20 Dates" IS a fake documentary, although I'm not absolutely sure it was Myles Berkowitz's intention when it started. My impression is that he started the project in a semi-serious way, then quickly realized that it would be pathetic and not funny unless it made the situation more and more ridiculous. As a result, everyone has a feeling of unease, cheap and sincere. <br /> <br /> As the film aptly points out, two of the "dates" prosecute and order restraining orders against Myles. they appear in the film, which would be impossible because it would require a consent form. It also seems to me that the majority of women who appear as "dates" are professional actresses (those who are not famous except Tina Carrere) - they are simply too beautiful, polite, thin and comfortable in front of the camera to be average civilians. <br /> <br /> Mr. Berkowitz makes a classic mistake in staging only this kind of very thin actress, instead of using a variety of credible women, which could have made the premise (even in a fake documentary) more credible and funny. He also addresses what is probably his real problem, namely that Myles Berkowitz's character and real world seem to be unemployed (his real-life IMDb credits are virtually non-existent, with the exception of this film). Even in the film world, his ex-wife divorced for never having worked. I think the viewer (not to mention Mr. Berkowitz's actual dates) deserves an explanation that he manages to live in one of the most expensive urban environments in the United States, in a luxury apartment, driving a luxury car and eating at the restaurant. restaurants when he does not see any source of income whatsoever. (Is a drug dealer? Living from his wealthy parents? No clue!) <br /> <br /> You can afford to do anything in a movie, if the jokes are really funny. "20 dates" is painfully funny. Mr. Berkowitz's idea of ​​joking is to have his character, while the restaurant days, announce to his companions how the food served might give him either diarrhea or constipation, which is the worst kind of childish humor. It is not surprising to discover that Mr. Berkowitz never shot a film before "20 Dates" and that he has not made any film in the last eight years, that he played the role of actor in the film of another producing credit of any kind. My instinct tells me that this film was not funded by "Elijah" (the gangster man who seems out-of-scope) but rather by Mr. Berkowitz's wealthy parents, or represents perhaps a shocking abuse of cards credit. Anyway, we can all be reassured not to have to see Myles Berkowitz or his creative efforts. Alleluia!!!
