Although Bondarchuk was by no means a young man when he was commissioned to work on this project, he was still a novice director with only one image, a successful adaptation of a short history of the Second World War, to his name. Of course, Bondarchuk was already a star of the established cinema for a decade, but the talents of the Spanish have little weight in front of the camera and, as a director, he was unfortunately not ready to undertake a production of such scale. And this is seen through confused shooting compositions particularly apparent in the group scenes, often unfortunate positions in the camera, performances of an extremely variable quality for the director seemingly so overwhelmed by the magnitude of the task that the actors were apparently left to their own devices, such as radio ads. <br /> <br /> Vidor's "War and Peace" was probably the main reason why the Soviet government spared nothing for this production. The USSR's publication of Vidor's photo caused a sensation. Bondarchuk certainly wanted to emulate the greatest strength of the Hollywood film and find his own Audrey. Her final choice, Lyudmila Savelyeva, is a thing with black hair and black hair that looks a lot like Hepburn. Unfortunately, she was a Kirov dancer with no experience or acting talent. The kindest word I can find to describe his interpretation is therefore "appalling". <br /> <br /> One would expect that Soviet actors, speaking the same language as the characters of Tolstoy, would understand them better than foreigners, but this war and peace often prove that it is not not the case. Revolutionary upheavals swept through the thin layer of Russian cultural soil on which the world of War and Peace was born. A lot of these big Soviet actors involved in this production often look as clueless as Americans playing Shakespeare Of course, American actors can not play Shakespeare in a credible way, but you'll know what I mean if you have seen American members of the cast in Branagh's adaptations). Of the three main characters, only the Bondarchuk Stone is praiseworthy, but even he was too old for the role and feels bad in his place at the very beginning.
