A science fiction film that is very bad but deserves to be watched, which suffers from abominable special effects, mediocre acting and a ridiculous story. The film begins with a spaceship coming back from exploration on Mars with a woman and a man with an arm covered with green slime. She, through some hokey plots, begins to tell what happened on that fateful journey, almost all the tapes seeming to have been magnetically erased. Four astronauts begin this journey: a military guy played by Gerald Mohr, a poor man of the genus Humphrey Bogart, who likes to pronounce the word "Irish" and has the talent of a cod, then there is Naura Hayden, a beautiful redhead and his female crew The fugitive member with three men dressed in the most elegant combinations possible to accentuate all its curves, then, Les Tremaine, a great actor of cheap sci-fi movie characters like this one like The egghead, and finally, Jack Kruschen as Sammy - the Brooklyn guy with jokes and does not seem too bright although chosen for his expertise in electronics. None of these artists are really good, and all say their dialogue with little conviction. Watch Tremaine say this scientific nonsense! In reality, the best of the four is Kruschen - and that says a lot about this film. But by playing badly, the film falls apart when they land on Mars by flashback. Angry Red Planet had a really cheap budget because Mars is really the southwestern United States with an intense red hue. When the story claims something that might look like Martian, there are drawings placed with a strong red hue on it. You can see that these are drawings. The monsters may be even worse if we get a spider-rat-mouse over 10 meters tall looking like children assembled to replenish dead animals. The other important creature is a giant amoeba with an oscillating eye. Phew! These are bad. There is a beautiful drawing of a Martian city, but there was not enough in the film. In spite of all these big problems, The Angry Red Planet is a bad movie fun. It is really fascinating to see how much our civilization has progressed. Most of the things they used in the movie are so outdated. One guy uses an electric razor with a rope and I thought it was possible to get to Mars, but they still used ropes. Director Ib Melchior gives an interesting appearance to much of the film, despite budget constraints, but the story of him and Sid Pink does not fly. And how does it end with music and psychedelic colors? Groovy man!
