A spaceship returns from Mars; A few months earlier, an expedition of 4 people had been sent to the red planet. Most of the picture is a flashback to what happened there. The painting is loaded with senseless and melodramatic dialogues, typical of many science-fiction endeavors of the fifties and sixties. Note, for example, how the ship's commander (Mohr) tells another crewman to "stay there" for no reason. as if moving to another place inside the ship would cause a problem. Later, the captain orders two crew members to remain in the ship while he and another go out. Both, he ordered to stay told "no way" and follow; I did not have much hope for the success of the expedition at this stage. There's a lot of talk about "moving your ears" and hugging a Freeze ray gun called "Cleo" (or "Cleopatra", of course). It would be at least funny enough, involuntarily, if the story did not drag on. <br /> <br /> There is a very slow pace overall; astronauts spend as much time looking through the portals of the ship's window (changing color from red to blue), commenting on what they see, as they do on the outside. The Martian landscape, presented as filmed in "Cinemagic", usually looks like animation cutouts, or drawings, filmed through an orange-red filter to give the illusion of interacting with actors, who take on a strange appearance surreal because of the process. But I do not think that's ridiculous anyone over 10 years old. The only smart thing I noticed was that the memories of the surviving astronaut would be tinged with unreality, which would explain the unreal nature of the Martian view. Oh, all right ... <br /> <br /> I was amused by some of the astronauts' actions as they began to explore; From the start, they test their freezer pistol on a plant, killing it, just for fun. Then the female member manipulates a machete on what she thinks is a tree, but turns out to be the spider-rat monster's leg. Well done, ma'am. See you next time. No wonder that "intelligence" on Mars gets upset and one of the lowest forms of life, a giant amoeba, attacks explorers. The acting is not too impressive. Mohr in particular had a very annoying technique, saying a line and suddenly bursting into a big smile that always scared me - it reminded me! terror beyond space. The end is pretty anti-climactic; Do not expect huge revelations beyond "more expeditions" with freezing pistols named Cleo.
