While reading my account of THE HOUSE THAT SCREAMED, many people can assume that I'm 14 years old and that I think SCREAM is considered a "classic" horror. That's not the case because I'm 30 and I've been watching horror movies for most of my life. But certainly, I'm a child of the 80s who grew up with slasher / zombie / ghost / cannibal horror movie types, etc. - I therefore usually prefer horror movies more graphic and faster. Just like someone who can enjoy different music, paintings, or in this case, filming - but not necessarily like them - I can understand why some people can enjoy this type of film ... I just do not do it .. . <br /> <br /> THE HOUSE HOUSE CREAMED is an extremely boring and tedious movie about a school for lost girls. The heavy-handed school mistress orders with an iron hand (or a whip in some cases ...) to keep the girls online. She has a young son who crawls and takes a look at the girls as they shower (in nightgown no less (?!?) ...), and during this time, the girls disappear from the because they are the victim of a murderer Wandering on campus ... <br /> <br /> I understand why we often compare THE HOUSE TO CRIVE to SUSPIRIA (masterpiece of a film , in my opinion ...), regarding the atmosphere of the school itself and the interaction between the girls and their guardians - but this film is so dull and without a story that I could hardly stay awake . I am all for the "tension" and the "suspense" in horror movies - but this film does not hold for me. Fortunately, I did not expect much in this film, so I can not say I was really disappointed - THE HOUSE HOUSE SCREAMED only reinforced the fact that I do not usually like most Much older 70's horror movies. This is not an absolute rule, but those I have appreciated seem definitely more exceptional. Probably a "must-see" for horror fans who like more sober and suggestive horror movies - but since I do not know too many fans of this kind of material, I can not really recommend this one. .. 4/10
