60 minutes in the beautiful Christina Galbo attempt to escape the isolated boarding school in which she was taken at the beginning of the film. Is she fleeing a horrible spell to contemplate, a monster, a black glove killer or a supernatural evil? No, she's running away from a group of bullies. For the next 40 minutes, various characters roamed the school in the dark, holding candelabra and seeming alarmed or helpless, which does not say much in itself, perhaps because great films were turned on this, but if characters walk in the corridors and stairs, better to be Alain Resnais or better know how to illuminate this staircase in bright red apple and purple as Mario Bava. We know that a killer stalks the perimeters of the school but his body count is pitiful and lean. In the absence of the visceral horrors we expect to find in the giallo, we have no idea of ​​sinister mysteries / indefinable secrets hiding behind a facade of the order. and the piety and the rightness that is the kind of film that La Residencia wants to be but does not know how to do it. We know something is wrong because girls have gone missing, but we never have that disturbing mysterious atmosphere that says, "Something is not going well here, man." When Serrador tries to comment on the sexual repression of the students, he does so with a quick hysteria and close-ups in detail of the eyes and lips apart, while the high-pitched music "shocks" sounds in the background . None of the ethereal beauty and aspiration of PICNIC AT HANGING ROCK can be found here. It's a little awkward and aimless, with no real sense of urgency or direction. A number of people are portrayed as suspects, but there is no reason to worry about the identity of a killer who passes unnoticed characters inside the film. I like the first kill, the image of a knife that hits a target is superimposed on the victim's anguished face while a lullaby rings in the background, but the rest is too unimportant to my taste. I must say that Serrador did a lot better with child murders and paranoia from the sun WHO CAN KILL A CHILD?
