Anthony Perkins is virtually the only other actor who is less likely to play Evel Knieval than Hamilton. Still, Hamilton managed to give a reasonably effective image (and as a producer of the film, he was not likely to be fired or warned ... it was not fair for the game!) The life of a biker daredevil is told here in multiple flashbacks. The movie begins with a rather stupid prologue with Hamilton in his white leather and star-studded outfit spouting the world according to Knieval, as if to say, "Do not worry, this movie is about my youth, but I'll come back in my familiar costume. at the end of the photo ". Hamilton prepares for a huge leap, but still licks his wounds from the previous one while his devoted wife, Lyon, supports him and makes a mockery of him. He remembers several vignettes of his childhood and delinquent adolescence, as well as his debut as a successful stuntman and celebrity. This approach to the rocker is quite abrupt and sometimes disjointed, but it prevents the film from staying too long in one of his inexpensive scenarios or entering a rut with characters rather pedestrians. Hamilton, usually a suave and easy-going character, does a very good job in describing every detail of his subject's manner and behavior, including his walk. His hair is a little lighter and longer and he works hard to give the right inflections in his speech. (He even pays a small tribute to Knieval's many injuries by appearing in a thick towel while his shoulders are covered with "scars" caused by multiple accidents.) On the surface, he looks nothing like the real cyclist, but he suggests in his physical performance. . Lyon is great for playing the girl he loves, then the most mundane woman, although his 3-pack voice a day threatens to betray her at any time. She and Hamilton begin an easy chemistry that greatly helps put the film back on the stage. Freed, his jaded doctor, Cameron, an early influence, and Taylor, a video game barker very biting with fleas. The film was made with a small budget, but the story has a low rent anyway, so it does not have too many consequences. Producers have wisely used the actual locations in Butte, Montana, to give the film a real small-town vibe. Many antics of Hamilton are amusing, although the character is certainly reckless and inconsiderate of the property of others! Some of the completed and failed stunts of the real Knieval are included in some blurry sequences, one of which has a stunning "splash" in which the man is wrapped and broken like a rag doll. Hamilton's wife (Stewart) appears briefly as a nurse.
