Well, you may not see women in love in this movie, but you will certainly hear women talking about love, and men talking about love, and women talking about men, and men talking about men and women, and men talking about men, and everyone talking about death, and talking and talking, until you want to scream and do something that does not require any conversation, like painting your bedroom or water your plants. <br /> <br /> Welcome to the world. DH Lawrence, where psycho-babbling reigns and where no one can lead a productive life because everyone is too busy to say how sterile his life is. Spending time with the characters in D.H. Lawrence's novel is like being locked in a closet with a group of your most egocentric acquaintances that you would flee if you met them at a party. When I read "Women in Love", I desperately wanted to strangle each of the characters it contained, but as I could not, I hoped they would strangle each other at least. Alas, only one of them dies, not by strangulation, and I will not tell you, in case you do not care about this story or any of these people. <br /> <br /> To give director Ken Russell his due, he makes this filmed version as entertaining as possible to make this novel essentially unfathomable. He throws a lot of the psychological gibberish that Lawrence adored and focuses on all the ugly parts. So we have a lot to make love in beds and fields, two naked men arguing in the glow of fire and an embarrassing scene with Alan Bates (well, naked ass again) wandering in a meadow making the love to bushes and grass (I'm not kidding). Glenda Jackson won an Oscar for her portrayal of Gudrun, the most dominant of the two sisters at the center of the story, and she does her best to do something with this material. anyone would deserve an Oscar simply for having to bear Russell's decision to give him a scene where she must dance wildly in front of a herd of mystified cattle. Oliver Reed has an expression, an intense glow. Everything is over-written and over-directed, and it's wildly campy. Indeed, it rivals "Mommie Dearest" as perhaps the most unintentionally hysterical film I have ever seen. <br /> <br /> Grade: D
