"Prom Night" is a remake of the 1980 slasher film starring Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen. This film is set in an Oregon town, where Donna (Brittany Snow) is about to go to her prom and let herself go after extremely traumatic events in recent years. She and her friends arrive at the prom which takes place in a big hotel and try to enjoy what is supposed to be the most fun night of their life. Nobody knows very well: a man from Donna's past, who has haunted her for years, is also at prom ... and is ready to kill anyone for the purpose of pursuing her. <br /> <br /> I 'm a fan of "Prom Night", so I tried to keep some hope in this movie, but I must admit that I was quite disappointed. "Prom Night" suffers from the worst affliction that a horror movie can have, namely predictability. There is absolutely no surprise here, and I have the feeling that I have seen everything in this film made dozens of times, often better, before. What does this mean for the public? Boredom. Unless, of course, you've never seen horror movies or been part of the pre-teen crowd, most people will probably be able to guess almost anything that's going to happen. The plot is simplistic, but the script as a whole is devoid of any kind of surprise, bounce, atmosphere or anything, and it really hurts the film because it never really gives the audience anything something to crack. Everything seemed very bland. <br /> <br /> Many people seem to complain that it's also a PG-13 slasher movie, and I understand what they say, but I do not. think it's impossible to make a good movie slasher with a minimum of gore. Take for example "Halloween" from Carpenter - little or no violence on the screen, but an extremely scary and effective movie. You do not need gore to make a scary movie, but even if "Prom Night" had been free violent (which is not, it's very docile), it would still have added little to the movie because it There is not much in the film. script to build to start. The tension and suspense here are at best light, and I spent most of the movie predicting the outcome of situations and I was right about 99% of the time. Our characters are not written enough either so that viewers can relate to them, and their disappearances in light of the numbers are routine and careless. <br /> <br /> I'll point out some things that I liked about this movie, though, because it was not completely useless - the cinematography is really nice, and everything was very well filmed and quite elegant . Of the "jump" alarms (mostly very predictable), there were some that were quite intelligent. The sets of the movie are good too and the hotel is a nice place for the plot to unfold, so predictable as the unfolding can be. As for the acting, it's mediocre at best. Brittany Snow plays the lead role, but the rest of the cast does not show much talent. Johnathan Schaech plays the villain and is probably the most experienced actor, but even if he is not so impressive. However, I liked the character he played, which has changed a lot compared to the typical "masked-stalker" type killer we see a lot. As for the end, the last fifteen minutes of the movie bored me to the extreme and it was very anti-culminating. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Prom Night" was a disappointment. Everything was very well coded, routine and predictable, which is a little annoying since it could potentially be a decent slasher movie. There were some interesting moments, but the film was not lacking in suspense or atmosphere and had few development initiatives, no more than credible characters. I would advise seasoned horror buffs to save money and wait for it to be on video or rent the original instead, as there is absolutely no surprise here. Some may find some animation, but it was far too predictable for my taste. I was expecting better and left the theater very disappointed. 3/10.
