I almost ridiculed myself when I wanted to start this criticism by saying, "This movie reminded me of BILLY ELLIOT," but then I looked at writer Lee Hall's resume to find out that he had written BILLY ELLIOT. So it's Mr. Hall who makes a fool of himself, not me. <br /> <br /> Am I a little cruel to him? No, because Lee has something that most other budding screenwriters in Britain do not have: he has already stepped into the door, he has already written a successful British film that has won awards and earned money at the box office and what does he do next? It gives the public a little more of the same <br /> <br /> The young Jimmy Spud lives on a field of kitchen sinks. He is bullied at school and nobody likes him. The only thing that keeps him alive is that he aspires to become a ballet dancer. No, in reality, he aspires to be an angel, but considering his home, he might as well be a ballet dancer. He has a father who thinks "Ballet dancers are a bunch of beanbags while his grandfather says" The ballet dancers are as leathery as any man you could meet. I remember seeing the Bolshoi ballet ... "Yup Ballet is one of the main topics of discussion in a ruined British council district these days - NO By thinking about it, nor the politics of the left , which seems to be the only reserved area of ​​the middle class Gentlemen who live in beautiful and big houses, so that everything goes as planned ridiculously wrong in this facility <br /> <br /> Another major criticism is that it is a film that has no idea who it is trying to please, criticized Channel 4 for broadcasting films at totally inappropriate moments (THE COUNTRY THAT WAS FORGOTTEN at 6 o'clock in the morning, for example), but they showed it at 2 o'clock in the morning and for once, they are quite right.The story involves politics, classical dance (Gawd I hate lung cancer and poverty, that can not seem to suit a family audience, but as the protagonist principal is a child of 11 years and presents angels and ballet dancers (do not blame me if I seem obsessed with the subject - there was no need to refer to them) there is not much here for a smart adult audience either. <br /> <br /> Of course, if the producers had told Lee Hall that he had to write a scenario involving a schoolboy and an angel, he had flatly refused to say that he wanted to write about others. themes and stories, then I will apologize, but throughout the film, you will feel that once the film is over, it would be presented to the same audience who enjoyed BILLY ELLIOT.
