You can tell a Lew Grade production a mile away? distinctly British in style; epic in the design; populated by international stars; generally put in exotic climates. It's a formula that Grade and its ITC company used throughout the '70s and early' 80s, giving rise to such titles as The Eagle Has Landed, Firepower and Raise The Titanic! In 1977, Grade produced March Or Die, a remarkably outmoded adventure of the Foreign Legion that has all the features mentioned above. Led by the usually reliable Dick Richards ?? who led the famous Farewell My Lovely a few years ago - March Or Die is an unfortunate disappointment. <br /> <br /> A company of foreign legionaries led by the severe disciplinary General Foster (Gene Hackman) is sent to Morocco shortly after the First World War. Their mission is to protect an archaeological group led by the devoted François Marneau (Max Von Sydow). Archaeologists are excavating in the ancient city of Erfoud, but fear an attack by members of an Arab tribe following the decimation of an earlier archaeological group. Foster is not happy with the mission ?? he does not consider historical artifacts worthy of his men risking their lives. This creates a permanent tension between him and Marneau, who believes that legionaries should sacrifice their lives to make excavation possible. The problems get worse when a beautiful woman named Simone Picard (Catherine Deneuve) joins the legionaries. She hopes to find out what happened to her father, a historian kidnapped by the Arabs when they eliminated the first team of archaeologists. His presence arouses desires among the legionaries, as does the gypsy thief Marco Segrain (Terence Hill), a charming and courageous thief who, at first, shows indifference to his legionary colleagues, but who is growing little by little. Things culminate with a huge battle in Erfoud, with swarms of united Arab tribes accusing a handful of legionaries as they desperately try to defend their lives. <br /> <br /> On paper, the starring duo Gene Hackman and Terence Hill seem like a mismatch ?? Hackman is the Oscar-winning heavyweight actor, Hill, the handsome but limited Italian heart of many low-budget spaghetti westerns. Hackman is expected to act on the screen. Yet, oddly enough, it's Hackman that gives the low and elusive performance, while Hill raises his game to surprisingly high levels. The film is shot in an attractive way in desert places, but the pace is terribly slow and few characters deserve to be treated. Maurice Jarre's music is unusually flat too ?? very disappointing on the part of the guy who gave us the Lawrence Of Arabia score. It is remarkable that anyone had the courage to try an old-fashioned adventure of this type in the 1970s (this genre had peaked in the 1930s and had been almost forgotten in the decades that followed). Unfortunately, the bet does not really pay ?? this tribute to the old legionnaire becomes more a walk than a march.
