We see a dead girl's body at the morgue with the coroner trying to close the girl's eyes, but whatever he does, they will not stay open. After that, we head to the future and follow a group of former school friends who are hiding a terrible secret, but suddenly they start getting caught, one by one, in dreadful ways. Through flashbacks, we learn this terrible suicide of a shy girl who was trying to be part of the group, but she was excluded by them because they searched her past and discovered strange events. So, is she back from the grave in search of revenge? <br /> <br /> Oh, what a beautiful story and always scary! Well, that's what I hope I can say. And "hope" was as good as possible. It's a horror film so supernatural and forgettable that I've watched before, but I thought it was my first viewing. So, to my surprise, it struck me when I started talking about some things, but as I said, it's a totally forgettable mix that it was like a first time. "Nightmare" is just another type of field that adds some modifications to the mush. Oh, please give me something a little cooler. This should not be entirely original, but it is a formula A horror movie quite tired although it corresponds to the usual ghost story that implies that you have guessed, an evil spirit with a vicious and vicious look . <br /> <br /> But despite my negativity, it's the same old, same old stories and jolts, it's entertaining when it's scary and frightening images appear, the dead are vividly displayed with bite and originality . The dark atmosphere alienates the audience with its murky lighting. The scene depicting the spirit terrorizing one of the girls is a bloody experience, but really when she does not try to shock you, I found the coma rather inductive and I thought to close my eyes. It can be hard, but that's enough. have gone anywhere from interest to those shocking moments. You could say that because the supposed mystery is not really a mystery, the dubious story is just plain and the characters are an egocentric group on which you do not really care what happens to them. The disjointed story should have been more mind-oriented than that of those bland characters who have an unconvincing group relationship. He simply overplayed his cards by becoming too confused and taking too much time to realize that when it comes to the climax, it's just ridiculous. The haunting end of the film is a climax, however. <br /> <br /> The film looks good, but it could have done without the sneaky and fast editing and the score was a bit dominant in setting the mood. The performances are going well, but Gyu-ri Kim is strong in the lead role. <br /> <br /> This is not new and it shamelessly steals ideas, but if you can look beyond, it gives unpleasant sensations. Although, I found the treatment rather lethargic, despite some effective chills. A standard effort in all respects, I suppose, but one that is equally to be avoided.
