In a variant of Sholay, Ram Gopal Verma ventures into what could be called an unknown territory where the blockbuster takes a new form. Thakur heads south. Mohanlal, Narsimha, the police inspector whose family was killed, is seeking revenge at Madras. The accent is totally South Indian, unlike North Thakur. The cutting of Thakur's hands by Gabbar is also reduced to the fingers at Aag. Thus, makeup costs are reduced because there is no effort to hide the hands, but only a long Kurta covering the shoulders to cover the cut fingers. Moreso in the climax where Thakur uses his legs and says "Tere Liye to simple paer hi kaafi hai" here Narsimha uses his finger heels to shoot a rifle and kill the villain. Babban, the new avtar of gabbar is also different. He is neither Bihar nor UP. He is Bambaiya. Gabbar's infamous laugh is also in two installments this time and is more moderate. Babban asks Diwali instead of Holi and Urmila tells about Helen's replacement in Mehbooba. he also dances and enjoys dancing with Abhisheh who plays Jalal Agha in Mehbooba. Babab is smarter this time. He throws the apple and asks the question that led Isaac Newton to discover the laws of gravitation. Basanti is more talkative than the Ghungroo autopilot. Nisha Kothari can not play autopilot and seems too artificial using words like "entertain" and "too much" with gay abandon. Viru was amusing while Ajay Devgun was unsuitable for the role. The incident of God speaks to Basanti and the shooting lessons, Koi Haseena's song and the water tank sequences are painful. The water tank turns into a well and Devgun, drunk, is so bad in the footage that the public would have wanted him to commit suicide. I was composed and serious. Prashant Raj is better than others because we do not expect anything from him. But he also flouted the Mausi sequence. He is not as romantic as Jai with the mouth organ. The role of Jaya played by Sushmita changes career. A pure housewife turns into a doctor this time, throwing herself into full-time social services after her husband's death. She also lacks the pain that Jaya displayed. Her flirts with Jai are more open this time. Samba gets a bigger role this time as a Tambe. He does not have to turn his guns and answer Gabbar's questions this time around. He follows Babban wherever he goes and is a bodyguard with more visibility outside the den. The horses give way to the Jeeps and the car. The hiding place of the Gabbars keeps changing and Ramgarh becomes Kaliganj. All in all, it's more a parody than anything else. RGV offers its own interpretation of the classic. But we remember the original so well, even after three decades, that our mind refuses to accept stylized versions and modified dialogues. We call this a parody. Then Mr.RGV (Sholay) and Farhan Akhtar (Don) and JPDutta (Umrao jaan) stop making remixes and start making originals.
