Sholay: Considered one of the greatest movies. I always wondered if they would ever give back the classic. It was the time when RGV announced this film and I was a bit excited to see it. I always thought it would be a good movie, but every week we would like RGV to change something. And the film is a very B-Grade movie, something I had not hoped for. <br /> <br /> I really tried to look for the positives, but I promised to keep Sholay out of my mind. Cinematography is great. The film tries to be his. But that's the good side. The action sequences are weak. The scenario had potential. The biggest defect is editing. None of the scenes excites you. For example, comedy sequences were highly displaced and forced. Ironic because the comedy was just as entertaining as in the original. And none of the characters are developed. And no scene will linger until the end. And the end was very disappointing. <br /> <br /> The biggest question is to act. Amitabh Bachchan was good as Gabbar Singh, nothing good. It looked like they focused too much on his gaze, that the character looked threatening, but that you did not get scared. Mohanlal is hardly in the film, but he impresses in his few scenes. Ajay Devgan was decent. It was not so much the performance, he gave it all, it was the weak scenario. Prashant Raj is very confident and has the potential to do much better with better movies. <br /> <br /> I waited most hopefully for Sushmita Sen, probably the best of the group. It was expressive, but that still was not enough. Nisha Kothari surprised me. Mostly she seemed selfless, but her emotional scene after her friend's death was pretty good. It looks like she needs to find a director who will help her, not her pretty looks. But what disappointed me the most is chemistry. Ajay Devgan and Prashant Raj did not look like friends. Ajay-Nisha was not a strong couple. No passion was to be found between Sushmita and Prashant. And Amitabh and Mohanlal do not have the hateful passion they needed. <br /> <br /> As for the songs, they are really bad. The Mehbooba of Urmila was too exaggerated and I slept well through it. It was, however, well danced. The Holi number was nice, but not memorable. Even went for the other songs. For someone who was looking forward to this movie, I was very disappointed. I had high hopes for RGV because of its jungle, but it seems to have lost his talent during the filming of this film. But fortunately, he finds his talent for Sarkar Raj. But it's better to forget this movie. All the positives still do not make up for the boring movie he is.
