I can not say enough appropriate words to describe the horror I felt in this movie watching Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, the director's unenthusiastic attempt to pay tribute to Bollywood's classic western, Sholay. The biggest problem with Varma's remake is that he does not even try to make a credible movie. It is obvious in every frame of this film that Varma's heart is simply not there. What you see on the screen is at best a bad joke, a gadget on the part of the filmmaker, and it pains you to see the little regard that he actually shows for a film he claims to be a fan of all his life.I have seen several bad movies over the years, but I do not remember the one who was such a torture to suffer as that one. Consider yourself very brave if you are able to survive the entire movie because it tests your patience as few movies have done before. Varma can borrow his plot and characters from the original film, but his version is commonplace and hollow and does not have any of Sholay's spirit and energy. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is actually a parody of this timeless gem, as it turns out that it's all that the original movie was not: too crazy, too long, too boring and totally stupid. Very popular moments of Sholay are parodied by Varma and for that you want to wring her neck. One of Sholay's most memorable scenes in which Dharmendra as Veeru climbs into the water tank and threatens to sink into death is reversed in this film with Ajay Devgan playing Hero, firing a pistol at the threatening head of kill yourself. As you wish he had pulled the trigger and spared us all the agony. Not only does Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag fail as a remake of Sholay, it is a very bad effort, even as an independent film. The bottom partition that damages the eardrum looks more like a person who knocks in the kitchen, and the work of the camera alternates drastically and roundly. The partners in this terrible crime of presenting this ridiculous film on screen are his actors, most of whom are dead in the woods. Sushmita Sen as Devi, the widow, takes her role and the film too seriously, punctuating her lines of breaks, looking into the camera for effect and generally playing as if her life depended on it. Mohanlal, as Narsimha, struggles with his dialogue in Hindi and seems embarrassed to present some of the most stupid lines of his illustrious career. Prashant Raj, the newcomer who plays the equivalent of Jai, Raj has no talent to play, he can say more about the astounding intensity that Amitabh Bachchan brought to the role of the original film. As a hero, Veeru, the new age, Ajay Devgan is completely hopeless, failing miserably in his comedy attempts. But the film's weakest link, and without a doubt the most shocking casting decision, is Nisha Kothari in the role of Ghunghroo, who replaces Hema Malini as Basanti, Sholay's attractive head. Nisha Kothari is not only the worst actress in this country, but perhaps the worst actress in the world, she gives the boring word a whole new meaning and makes you want to cut your wrists every time she's the screen. And then there is Amitabh Bachchan playing Babban Singh, Ramgopal Varma's version of the most popular villain of Hindi cinema, Gabbar Singh. Only actor of this set to recognize the exaggerated tone of the film and to play accordingly, Bachchan builds a threatening character who is a treat to watch. He's supposed to be a nasty cartoon villain who grunts, grunts, whistles and hems, and he's doing all that wisely. But as he is trapped in such a doomed company, his performance does not really help to elevate the film. No surprises here. these painful experiences watching movies you would not even submit an enemy. It's not like Varma has not handled a remake before. With Sarkar, he gave us a captivating version of The Godfather, and it is a shame that he made this sholay bhature such a popular classic. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is his worst career decision, it is also a dark spot on his resume which he will be embarrassed forever. I suspect that this film will remain in the history of the film under the name of Ramgopal Varma Ka Daag.
