A drama at the base, "Anna" displays this true truth that all actors age, and sometimes, fade. Anna is a character who believes that America is her safety net, her home, and she can not hurt her ?? but she refuses to lower herself to do a job in which she does not believe. She is tough, optimistic, stubborn and arrogant when it comes to her life, without fear of letting others in, but drops them at all times. . Anna switches between the characters, which makes this movie an aging star ideal, but not an idea of ​​the audience. "Anna" was praised for her star, Sally Kirkland, and her ability to be "grungy" for the role, but a month after 2008, "Anna" does not remain a staple of film culture. It is dated, dull and chaotic in terms of the formula. <br /> <br /> Director Yurek Bogayevicz has a hidden message in "Anna" about the lies of Czechoslovakia, both politically and socially, but Kirkland refuses to let them explode. Bogayevicz is not afraid to play with the camera, to use wooden frames to allow Kirkland to stand out, and he is not afraid to soften the surrounding characters so that when you go to the movie you remember Kirkland. If it's not obvious, I did not like this movie. From the beginning of the first act and deep down the second, "Anna" felt like a high school play. The characters were non-existent, there was no enlightening pre-narrative, and there was no definition of time or place. There was Sally Kirkland, stubbornly saying she's better than other actresses competing for the same lifestyle she wants. At random, she meets a friend, a girl who has also traveled a long way to America for glitz and glamor, and two of them (in the space of 20 minutes) build a friendship that could break all the walls. It's emotionally boring and amazing. Again, at random, we meet Anna's boyfriend, Daniel (played by the faint Robert Fields), who brings nothing to the table in terms of definition or character ?? only to draw attention to Anna from Kirkland. For nearly two hours, we are seeing more and more random acts associated with anonymous characters that intertwine to create a weakly story maintained by loose threads. and SALLY KIRKLAND. Arg, it hurts me to keep saying that, but "Anna" could have been a fantasy film if Bogayevicz had equal time between Anna, Daniel and Krystina, but we are forced into a one-sided game where the emotional scenes speak more strong as intrigue. <br /> <br /> This is where Charlize Theron found inspiration for her role without beauty in "Monster", or Halle Berry in "Monster's Ball"? Was Sally Kirkland one of the first actresses to discover that by letting herself go to a character, Oscar will shine in their direction? Throughout this film, I was disgusted by the portrayal of Anna by Kirkland and the lack of excitement of Bogayevicz for anything else commonplace. Bogayevicz gives us an Anna who does not work hard for her, does not care about others and is generally mean? yet we must feel sympathy for her? At the beginning of the film, she imposes what she wants to do to others and gets angry when she does not succeed. Of course, aging actresses have this appeal, but Kirkland creates a more childish character instead of a mature character. This is where Anna could have improved. If it was a mature Kirkland, I would have swallowed it, but that childish and stammering Anna was impossible to believe. While my favorite scene was near the end, where Anna is going to watch one of her older films (including nonsensical film characters), the film burns, this scene is also one of my favorites. Anna had a phenomenal life for herself, creating movies and building her dream. Yet when someone else wants to enter this scene, she is jealous and outraged. It was not for a character I wanted to be behind or win at the Oscars. Coupled with the classic 80s classic synthesizer, the scandalous wardrobe, and at the end moved (where did it come from and what happened ??) ?? "Anna" slipped away in the amazing cinema. It was a showcase, an opportunity for an aging star to shout to the world once more. In this one, it worked, but I do not think I will be cheated again. <br /> <br /> Overall, I can not say that the movie impressed me. "Anna" is not a movie about an aging movie star; it's Sally Kirkland and ONLY Sally Kirkland. Bogayevicz tries to do more with the story, but fails, either because Kirkland will not allow it, or because he will simply realize that there is not enough to support a complete story. There are one or two decent scenes in this movie, but nothing makes this movie innovative or influential. Bogayevicz did not create a character that the public would believe, tear or dedicate a Sunday afternoon with ?? he created an annoyance. Kirkland was not Anna, she was an actress who played it a little exaggerated and crispy on the sides. I may have missed the scope of this film, but what makes films like this work is the cooperation of everyone involved. This was not the case here. In "Anna", Kirkland orders Daniel to act like a dog (apparently as a symbolic act) and yet, throughout the emotional scene, I could not help thinking that this was what Kirkland looked like on the tray. She did not make a film of it, she turned it into her own production and because of that, "Anna" failed. I can not suggest it to anyone? from one Czech to another ?? jump! <br /> <br /> Grade: * ½ on ***** (for this pesky theater scene that scared me)
