I started watching this show for the first time probably around 2003 or 2004 with my friends. Of course, at the time I was younger and I enjoyed some of the jokes of this show. I was 11 in 2003 and I'm 14 now (2007). Although my age probably plays a major role in the way I judge this program, after reading the reviews of other readers, I came to find that after the third season, this show had failed. I agree. This show is odious, repetitive and usually deals with the same plot. <br /> <br /> The show revolves around Timmy Turner, who got two fairy godfathers because his life was horrible - his parents were never there had a naughty babysitter. The plot of the whole series is that this kid (Timmy) and his godfathers still wish a destruction that can not be prevented by making another wish because something in "Da Rules" says they can not. The series has many repeated replicas, such as "magic can not break true love, super toilets" or even some pretty jokes that Nickelodeon has probably found amusing and decided to put the episode on several occasions. <br /> The show is for children under 10 years of age because it involves rude situations and a "kid's humor" that most kids my age would not like. The selection of the character's voice could have been better too. Timmy has an extremely strong, sharp and feminine voice, just like Cosmo. Wanda looks like an old lady. Timmy's dad looks like an announcer or a game show host. The voice of Timmy's mother is too exaggerated to look feminine. Attitudes in this show are as follows: in some episodes, Timmy speaks back and behaves spoiled and snobby. Wanda is apparently intelligent and wise. Cosmo is stupid, silly and incapable of thinking like Timmy's father. Timmy's mother seems to end up doing what Timmy's father does. <br /> <br /> The show is too far from reality for me to continue to love. Younger perhaps, I could see more humor in this show, but as I grow older, he really gets older. And do not sound conceded or "trashy", but the show has this mentality that makes you want to commit homicidal activity towards the characters. A show like this must be your attitude, if you know what I mean. Otherwise, it basically disgusts you.
