* Extreme spoilers and blows are waiting for us * <br /> <br /> When this show started for the first time, I found it bearable and fun. Pretty Oddparents was the kind of cartoon that kids and adults loved. He also had high odds with Spongebob. But it started to fall because of the next crap that Butch Hartman and his team pushed into the series. <br /> <br /> First of all, the humor of the toilet is not so funny. You can easily shoot a quick laugh from a small child with a burp, but that's about the only audience that would laugh at such a cliche joke. Then there are the jokes for children. Lol we can see people in underwear and we can see people disguise themselves. LOLOLOL !!! I can not help but laugh at this gay happiness! Someone helps me! But of course, this show would not be so bad if there were no stereotypes. Have you seen how the team portrayed Australians? They saw them as mere fools who worship kangaroos and throw themselves into a boomerang and live in a burning desert. But now ... Does the coup de grace of WHY this show really sucks the loudest of all ... JOKES OVER-USED !!! The series constantly offers the same jokes (the majority of them are not funny) thinking it's the greatest thing! Cosmo is mainly to blame. I hated the way they continued to mention "Super Toilet" (which also contains a mix of childish humor) and Cosmo was freaking out. And who could forget that stupid joke on the battery that every damn Dimmsdale parent would use in this episode of e-mail? You know, the one in which all single parents (regardless of the other parents who say it) would say the same EXACT sentence before breaking into their child's room? Yes, it may be first-class humor for some people, but it's pure hell for others. <br /> <br /> If I'm not mistaken, I think Butch Hartman said something about the end of the show. Thank God! Everyone in my area says it's, for example, the funniest Nickelodeon gigs. I can not agree with that ?? I think it's just another pile of horse poop that we get every day on our comic stations, only worse.
