What begins as a sweet country story, a harmless and slightly pleasant romantic tale changes pace as Edward Norton's charming Harlan progressively reveals more about himself and things turn out grim, while the movie gradually evolves from a southern romance to a modern and wild nature. western. <br /> <br /> An amiable breeder (Norton) walks around town and seduces a young girl (Evan Rachel Wood), apparently saving her from a dead end with her angry father and swirling romance, but it is becoming increasingly clear that this cowboy is not just what we think. <br /> <br /> Edward Norton ?? a true chameleon actor (with matching facial hair) who plays a country hick, a slightly fishy accent but maybe because he's just trying to play the role without worrying about the accent. It certainly shows that it is easy to make any small nuanced adjustments as we learn more about Harlan. However, with too many small changes, this means that we never know exactly where Harlan is coming from, and what appeared to be Norton's good performance is getting progressively confusing. Evan Rachel Wood is friendly without really having much to do other than flicking her eyelids at Norton. <br /> <br /> Down in the Valley seems to be a slightly uneven tale due to its change of pace, and never really understand the motivations of the protagonist, the public's sympathy for the characters remains uncertain. Should we love this wanderer or not? Even after a dramatic turn of events, it remains unclear. This ambiguity is to the detriment of the film, as if the writer could not get an idea of ​​the kind of story he wanted to tell and was content with a little panache. If the film had been one or the other, it might have been a solid film, but since that's what we have left, it's a mess. Fans of old-fashioned romance will enjoy part of the film but will be discouraged by the tone that obscures it. Apart from Norton's complete fans (or fans of the lush landscapes of the San Fernando Valley), do not miss this opportunity.
