When I first saw the trailer for Prom Night, I have to admit, the trailer looked good and looked like a fun horror movie. So my friend and I saw Prom Night last night and I must say that I have to grow up because it was such a ridiculous movie, besides I'm so sick and tired of typical horror movies with loud noises like excuse scare people. There was no tension, the characters, how was I supposed to be interested in them? They had no development whatsoever, the killer ?! Oh, my God, it was probably the most stupid serial killer that ever existed, I know it's a movie, but why a man who has never killed (or at least we know) had he ever killed someone before friends he is just obsessed? I mean, was he going to kidnap her or was he going to kill her? I have no idea, because this movie made no sense and was too predictable and insulting to real horror fans. <br /> <br /> Donna's family has been brutally murdered by her teacher, who became very obsessed with her, he was captured and put in jail. It's been 3 years and she's starting to live in peace, she's even going to her prom. But the murderer escaped and always has Donna in the lead, he follows her until her prom, which means bad news for her friends, as well as for the hotel maid and the bellman, because it's such a good idea to kill the maid and the bell so that no one becomes suspicious enough to check where these employees are. Donna has big problems because this killer who is clearly human can apparently enter homes without being noticed and can kill people so quietly, just, wow. <br /> <br /> I'm sorry, I really wanted I love this movie, we did not have a good slasher movie for a long time, but it was just a stupid movie that did not impress me. Just the situations were incredible and the actors were obnoxious. I know it was a PG-13 movie, but I love the fact that someone was stabbed to death and had only a little blood on his clothes? Not to mention no knife holes? I would not recommend this movie to anyone unless you're a teenager, this movie was designed for teenagers, not adults, and not for those who know a real horror movie, without offending those who liked this movie but I do not understand how someone could do it. <br /> <br /> 2/10
