"The Hazing" is one of the movies I've always wanted to see, based only on the cover image shown here on IMDb. Yes, I am superficial! I do not care if ten million people call it a shitty movie, the poster looks great so I guess I'll just have to see it ?? Now, "The Hazing" can be described as its alternative title: curious! The poster and the title give the impression that it is a real horror film shot on campus and dealing with sinister initiation rites, but it is actually a cross between comedy and thriller. First of all, there is something wrong with the slogan of the old VHS box I watched. He said: He had good grades, a good girl and good friends ?? until they pass through the Hazing. "This is not the case, the protagonist Gilbert Lewis is finally accepted by a campus acclaimed by a track and field scholarship.He occupies half of the film before even hearing about his girlfriend at home "my buddy" is a very nerdy Charles Martin Smith (still with hair in this movie) .They are both invited to become members of the prestigious fraternity of "Delts", but when they examine hazing in which they have to go down Barney falls off a cliff and breaks a leg.When Lewis comes back with the other boys of the fraternity, Barney is already dead from cold.All together, they wanted to keep the body frozen for five days and said he would never do it, and after spending the weekend on skis with Barney's body hidden in the freezer in the cafeteria, Lewis needs to protect him so that his absence does not seem suspicious. configuration "The Hazing" is quite original and potentially innovative, but the pro blem here is that the execution could easily have been much better. The tone is too firm and too serious for a comedy film, even black, but there is also no appropriate attempt to create suspense or thrills. The soundtrack is cheerful and full of melodic tune, but it's almost not enough to make this movie a comedy. About an hour after the beginning of the film, the plot also runs out of steam and ideas abound, and the producers do not have the best alternative to fill the void with romantic compilations of Lewis and his girlfriend of the surrounding city roaming the countryside by bike. I did not like the final turn, because it is quite implausible and because it has been done many times before and after (although it is true after). "The Hazing" is not a complete waste of time, but I'm still happy to have found an ex-renting cassette at a friend's house instead of having to spend money on the recently released DVD.
