The soloist has all the ingredients to impress the Academy. Its director, Joe Wright, has already written a better candidate for the image. The lead actor, Robert Downey Jr., starred in a widely acclaimed superhero movie. Finally, the film itself is a drama. When it was mysteriously removed from its release in late 2008, movie buffs and critics were baffled. Now that I've seen it, I assure you that Universal did not just delay this movie to promote the Iron Man-Oscar buzz. The Soloist is a low drama, with no outside conflict, far below all the best candidates like 2009. <br /> <br /> Downey and co-star Jamie Fox should not be held responsible for this. incident. Joe Wright is largely responsible but he can not save a story of his life. Many movies are too complex and alienate viewers. This one is unusually simple. It is a film about a journalist, Steve Lopez (Downey), who befriends a homeless musician, Nathaniel Ayers (Jamie Fox). That's all. Ayers is schizophrenic and does not resonate with Lopez's traditional approach to friendship. Both become friends. They start this movie as knowledge and are BFFs by its end. The tension is moments like this: Will Ayers let Lopez take him to the homeless shelter? This material would have been better adapted to a television production than to a feature film. <br /> <br /> Wright offers many cheap humor scenes to mask the lack of content. Lopez is fighting raccoons staining the yard in what I consider to be a sub-plot. Do you remember when it happened in Atonement or pride and prejudices? These films were structured enough to allow an occasional joke, but nothing longer. The story of Ayers is expanded when she does not need it. Even worse, these scenes are not connected and appear at random intervals. This is a way of admitting that the main story is unappealing. Nathaniel was a violin prodigy with a difficult education (I was too). It's an artificial attempt to create sympathy with Ayers while most of us already have it. He is a homeless schizophrenic for shouting loudly! The film somehow translates the love of humanity for music, such as Amadeus and Beethoven Lives Upstairs. However, it is not as effective as one or the other of these images. The entire film is articulated on Ayers schizophrenia. It's ultimately how he interacts with others. His musician quality is nice but not worthy of inclusion. The film does not fully incorporate this characteristic to his personality. Remove the music from Amadeus or Beethoven Lives Upstairs and there is no film left. The soloist is more a question of friendship in general than of music. Nathaniel could be a writer or a film critic and some lines of dialogue should be seriously changed. <br /> <br /> This is Joe Wright's third film and his first film that is not a romance to watch with Keira Knightley. Let's hope this movie does not show how limited his abilities are. There are stylistic signs to his earlier work but The Soloist is much weaker than either. In his defense, Universal should not have agreed to widely distribute this photo. This film seems tailor-made for Imagine Entertainment (Changeling distributors). I would not be so disappointed if I had a limited version. Its mediocre box office performance could prevent the broadcast of better quality drama at the national level.
