Prom Night is shot with the artistic look that someone gives by making an original movie for life. You know that. In October, Lifetime takes a break from the courageous story of a woman who survived (insert the name of the disease here) to tell the scary story of a woman pursued by a former stalking boyfriend. It's dramatic ?? it's ugly ?? it's immensely dull. It does nothing to promote a genre, tell an original story, or strive for ANY type of novelty. Prom Night shares this difficult situation. Watching the killer punch holes in his victims, we sit in silence as they sprawl on the ground without letting out a drop of blood. I thought it was the cleanest killer in the history of cinema. <br /> <br /> Our director works with a pretty handsome killer, so he has to look at the camera angles to make it look more scary. Think of Matthew McConaughey coming to you with a knife. Would you go there probably? "Oh, a good guy is going to kill me?" Naaaa. Not scary even for a second, then the director throws Schaech in the shadows and on the shoulder in the mirror. This mirrored shot is repeated to the point of becoming sick because it becomes practically a fetish of the creator. You will have 15 jump fears in this movie, 2 of which made my date jump (I could mention that she is scared of EVERYTHING). I would also like to mention that she decided to take a nap midway through the movie and she even threatened to leave me. <br /> <br /> As if this film was not enough disjointed, it seems to be cut to shreds. I'm not saying that it seems that key points were left on the floor of the cutting room as the team struggled to save a semblance of a horror movie; I say as the movie moves from stage to stage, you often get a jerky jump. This is the kind of thing you would expect when a film catches fire and the projectionist is forced to join, cross your fingers and hope for the best. The publisher should be shot. <br /> <br /> With a plot, you can create two sentences, a stray bloodshed, an emo killer and the tension of a very special episode of "Silver Spoons", we're left without reason to support the horror this weekend? at least on the big screen. In fact, it's the kind of film that should be punished. Is it really so difficult to make a horror movie? Was this team even aware that they were shooting a horror movie ?? !! A total loss of my time and yours. I bit the ball to make this criticism. Do not leave my sacrifice in vain. Do not go into the movie !!!
