When you insert this DVD into your drive and click "Play", you will see a brief moment of silence and a black screen when the laser is guided to the appropriate starting point in the center of the disc. CHERIS THIS TIME. Make sure you have some Tylenol or something (preferably PM to fall asleep), because you will have a very bad headache once this movie starts. <br /> <br /> Featuring a group of busty girls and with an opening that made me laugh a bit, I thought I'd be in a good time. Of course, the opening sequence was a bit awkward WEEK and most of the jokes fell flat and it seemed like it was going to be a scream scam (by the way, my only giggle came from Julie Strain's last comment in this scene). But then, I knew there was a problem ... the opening sequence had a terrible rock song. During this terrible rock song, I went through the titles of the DVD chapter and saw things that said: "TOPLESS IN THE BACKYARD!" and "BETTER THAN SEX!" I knew what would be the point of sale of this movie. <br /> <br /> And that's the sad truth: the only benefit of this movie is the appealing cast. Other than that, it's a sad routine slasher movie that throws in an "innovative" concept on murder clubs, which ends up being fake. So, the whole film is pointing in another direction to try to confuse and capture this huge mystery, but all of this is not interesting at all and gives you the feeling that you do not care about any of the characters . I mean, when the main character of the movie is revealed to have murdered an innocent woman, can you really feel ANY sympathy for her while she fears for her life? Scream's influence is ubiquitous, with a ghost-faced killer and really terrible jokes. We also see scenes from the main character speaking to his parents (Lloyd Kaufman! The only other interesting part of the movie!) About an abortion or something like that. Uh Yeah ... It's not a movie "Too bad, it's good", it's just BAD. <br /> <br /> Someone compared this to a Troma movie, but ... you know, most movies that come from Full Moon (or his offspring, as this movie proves) is horrible . It's not horrible in Troma's mind - I've seen a lot of Troma movies, and I can honestly say they all offer something, EVERYTHING you can go with and talk to your friends later. However, this film has almost nothing pleasant. You must beware.
