A killer, wearing a white plastic mask and black overcoat, kills the friends of Hollywood producer Shawn Banning (Danny Wolske), who inherited his position when someone opened his old employer from start to finish. Perhaps the psychopath has just been hired, Maddy (Dabbie Rochon), a pretty raven-haired beauty with a family past troubled by nightmares. Shawn and his friends make a joke to Maddy about a supposed murder club that has been created: each member randomly chooses a victim to kill. When Maddy accidentally kills a woman in a garage because of an injury that person made in her car, she realizes that Shawn's friends are shaking her chain. But Shawn and her comrades are worried about Maddy's willingness to commit the murder and plan to turn her into competent authorities. Deciding to wait for a final decision, each member falls prey to the white-masked psychopath with Maddy, a suspect considering that she has already killed before. Or is someone else behind these murders? Low-budget slasher, executive produced by Charles Band, with bloody murders that fail to convince. Many of the exposed tits and Chris, the awkward character of Allen Nabors, could entertain those with low expectations. The murders include a stomach being opened with visible intestines, a slit neck, a power cord thrown into a basin that fries a female victim who had to escape all day, an ax buried in the back of a man victim and, to top it off, a couple is strangled by a rope during his sexual heyday (.. for an added effect, the killer uses the snap bar of a socket wrench as additional lever to twist the rope as tight as possible by breaking the neck). There are enough holes to cross a truck, for example why Maddy has nightmares that she did not commit, how she could murder someone so violently (with blood everywhere), wake up in bed without leaving something about the crime scene that would easily involve her and how Shawn could have stayed so long, allowing her to continue working for the company despite what she said about the murder she committed and his continued desire to join the so-called club that does not have one. t exists. <br /> <br /> What made me most comfortable was the desire of the film to make us sympathize in one way or another with this protagonist who wanted to join a club after killing someone, later proclaiming it as an accident. The film builds Maddy as a potential psychopath because of her past. Her family has disowned her for an abortion. She has blackouts and is always on the scene after the facts. In many slashers, the one who seems to be the most likely killer is often the red herring, but this film does its utmost to point Maddy's finger. When the situation occurs, we find ourselves looking for Maddy, but we know she is not right. It's a tough sell taking care of this chick. She looks great under the shirt of a man. And Rochon is not afraid to let his pups breathe either. Fans of low-budget horror will love to see Brinke Stevens, the company's favorite cult, as a fanatical religious mother who preaches against what Maddy did, calling her murderous as Troma's beloved producer, Lloyd Kaufman, is a distant father who does not know what to say to protect the girl he really cares about. The cult siren, Julie Strain, has a minor cameo, showing her breasts (of course) while the girlfriend of the first murdered man is crushed by a hammer. Oh, and take a look at the office Shawn works for, you'll see a lot of Full Moon posters and artwork scattered on the walls.
