So when Herbie made her first appearance, I was perfectly happy to watch Dean Jones leave. I just wanted to be entertained for a few hours and eat some buttered popcorn. Now, unfortunately, I'm waiting for a captivating / charming story every time I watch a movie, if I do not take medicine. And this is another good film for drugs. There is no laughter, no complex plot, no hard twists. Herbie Fully Loaded is ideal for loaded players. <br /> <br /> It was the first time I saw La Lohan on the screen since she had traded her place with Jamie Lee Curtis (I found her excellent), and I can not say that I I was terribly impressed this time. In addition to the color of her hair that was constantly changing and disturbing her artificial nature, she just did not sound like the kid next door who had spent her life hanging out with runners on the road. Her "need for speed" was not consistently portrayed in the film - maybe it was elsewhere - she looked older than her role and always seemed to be looking for something (a party? A designer? A new place to spend money?) Together. I did not see any chemistry with Justin Long; this romance seemed at best obligatory. The only time Lindsay seemed engaged was when she had a conversation with Matt Dillon, who, in my opinion, was badly placed under the pseudo Evil Bad Guy Trip Murphy. movie intro with material from old movies. If Disney had appeared with Car 53 jewels, I might have worn to stay true. His new feature (?) Was a bit incoherent (channeling his pilot's thoughts, is he doing skateboarding now?) But it does not matter. We all knew how it was going to end, but I really would have liked him to end up with someone a little less spooky than Maggie. And this lesson is still hurting my head, Maggie and we, the viewers, have returned home. <br /> <br /> What would make the film interesting? Put old Herbie in a real story with a real plot - at least, Herbie is as good as Lassie - but it's clearly too much to ask. How is it that Disney always returns to the same level as "Herbie Goes Bananas" and "The computer that was wearing tennis shoes" in terms of innovation? <br /> <br /> I'm sure it was a great movie for kids and those who had no expectations. For the rest of us ... it's for when you have the flu and you can not stand the suspense of the rear window.
