Anachronism is one of the most common entries in the goofs category. Although I begin to believe that anachronism and other gaffes are more acceptable, even ignored, in very good movies, but that they are at the forefront in rotten films. KISS THEM FOR ME is a rotten film and hints of anachronism. However, when I look closely, I find almost nothing anachronistic. <br /> <br /> The plans of the aircraft closing the film are certainly irrelevant. The big four-engine transporter seen after the title "Honolulu 1944" appears to be the post-war Stratofreighter C-97 (in MATS colors). The fighter jets off the carrier at the end are Douglas Skyraiders, entered service after World War II and made famous by their service in Vietnam. <br /> <br /> But apart from these two films and of course, hairstyles, everything else is very likely authentic period. It's just that I feel so bad. I am an admirer of Stanley Donen, we share the same birthday. In his film directed on ON THE TOWN (1949), there is a car chase at the end. The police were driving the 1949/50 Ford, but there is nothing to suggest that this is misplaced in a WWII film. In fact, as I said later, there is no indication that it was a World War II film. It's just like that. According to a Fancy Free balloon-based Broadway musical based on the work of the artist Paul Cadmus (The Fleet's In 1934), it is a question of a great movie about sailors undergoing a 24 hour crossing in New York. so heavy with wartime associations, it is simply presumed to take place during the war and yet these contemporary cars do nothing to break the spell. The first problem is the old Cary Grant. Although far too old to represent a SBD Navy dive bomber pilot, it's a Hollywood tradition for stars like Grant, Gary Cooper (Lou Gehrig), Jimmy Stewart (Charles Lindbergh) to play younger. It was the role in which he is misinterpreted, not his age. He plays an operator, as they called him. A guy who gets things done and breaks all the rules by doing so is still admired and loved for that. A scammer. A dealer of wheels. A character of rigor in a comedy of service. Grant is the comic center of what, after all, is supposed to be a comedy of service that goes against his comic style. <br /> <br /> Thinking back to Grant's outstanding comic performances, such as BRINGING UP BABY (1938) or ARSENIC AND OLD LACE (1944) and he's the big reactor whose comedy has to reduce his dignity context to a puddle of confused inert jelly. IN KISS THEM, he's supposed to be the comic spark plug that's just not him. People had already been exposed to this guy, most recently to comedian Phil Silvers as Sgt. Bilko on television. The role would be perfected later by James Garner but here, Grant is just not funny and seems to be a bully who fights his way by aggressively pushing his Cary Grantness rather than cajoling and confronting. <br /> <br /> But the thing that anachronism really stinks the place is the main woman. Suzy Parker and Jayne Mansfield can not have more women of the fifties. They are unique to the decade. Marilyn Monroe can be placed in a continuum with Carole Lombard and Marie Wilson and countless silly blondes, and Grace Kelly was another high-class lady (think of Mary Astor), but there could never have been a woman anatomically exaggerated in movies like Mansfield. Of course, there were the "sweater girls" (eg, Lana Turner) of World War II, but Mansfield was stretching the point. Suzy Parker was THE model who revolutionized the modeling market, transforming the model into poses to become the first natural girl to move and whose personality was captured by the camera (see FUNNY FACE (1957), also by Stanley Donen ). <br /> <br /> Of course, in the style of the 50s, there seems to be a lot of mixing between the sexes at "wild" evenings, but never even a hint of sex (think of the TV shows of the years 50 such as Bachelor Father or The Bob Cummings Show, where men in formal wear came back from 'dates' alone). The original book, which I did not read, was published during the war and appeared as a Broadway play at the end of the war. Shades of the situation must have been unavoidable for contemporary readers and audiences, but they have been broken down. and restored a dozen years later, which remains a forgotten task until the invention of the digital video recorder and cable TV resuscitates this petrified turkey. <br /> <br /> The lesson to be learned from the above is' it will be ignored in a great movie like CITIZEN KANE (who actually hears Charles Foster Kane say 'Rosebud'?), and tolerated in a game fun like WESTWORLD (why did the robots get real ammo?) but absolutely despised in a rotten movie, even if the gaffes are really nonexistent.
