In the questionable vein of Mel Brooks, "Wholly Moses!" try to take the Bible story of Moses and make fun of it, resulting in the most infallible Bible parody ever filmed. <br /> <br /> There is no real plot here, just excuses to trot against the inimitable talent of comedy in guaranteed roles. Dudley Moore and Laraine Newman are touring the Holy Land by bus when they come across an old scroll in a cave. They read the story of Herschel and Zerelda, also played by Moore and Newman. Herschel's life is parallel to that of Moses. He was sent by the family of Pharaoh at the same time as Moses. Herschel's late father, the late James Coco, becomes Herschel's slave after the rescue of Herschel by idol-makers and his work as a sculptor. Finally, Herschel works for the pharaoh as an astronomer, is banished and ends up taking care of the sheep flock of Moses. Herschel and Moses are good brothers marrying sisters and Herschel thinks that God chose him to free his people in Egypt. Of course, Moses received the Divine Word, but Herschel misunderstood. I stop here to laugh hysterically ... pause ... anyway, the rest of the movie is a series of badly written scenes featuring Moore and actors doing "special appearances". These scenes do not propel the plot forward, they bring the little story that there is a sudden stop. <br /> <br /> Jack Gilford plays a tailor. Dom DeLuise may have three lines when he meets Herschel in the desert. John Houseman is an archangel, he just reads the same lines as in "The Paper Chase". David L. Lander is a false blind "healed" by Herschel. Andrea Martin is one of Zerelda's sisters. I did not know who was supposed to be Madeline Kahn. She goes to Herschel in a minute and a half. John Ritter plays a hilarious little devil. Richard Pryor has a scene as a pharaoh, but it was obviously shot at a different time than Moore because the two do not appear on the screen together! In the end, Zerelda turns into a column of salt after recalling the destruction of New Sodom, ha, ah. Herschel writes the Ten Commandments and gives them to Moses, who basks in all glory. In the final scenes, the screenwriter decides to try to save this superficial film by asking Herschel to launch a fight against God. God presents himself as a powerful tyrant who directed Herschel for his own amusement, speaking through him only to give him the Ten Commandments. We even have Zerelda who says "God works in a mysterious way", thus excusing the very unchristian behavior of everyone during the film. <br /> <br /> This movie is not funny. There is nothing to laugh anywhere. At least Monty Python mocked many religious pillars established in "Life of Brian" in addition to their questionable interpretation of Jesus' life, but here the humor consists of jokes of poo and characters that bang their heads permanently. It makes Mel Brooks look like Merchant / Ivory. The faithful will be offended, not by the attitude of the film towards religion, but by the goodness of the film, impressed by their own dignity (I know, not a word) on a subject of which they obviously know nothing . "Absolutely Moses!" is totally bad and an embarrassment for all involved. I suggest you read the book instead. <br /> <br /> It is classified (PG) for certain physical violence, profanations, sexual references and situations for adults.
