What a complete garbage can. Despite the plot, when the action of a movie revolves around planes, one would think that screenwriters / producers / directors (or SOMEONE!) Would do a little work for at least a few details. The mistakes were so obvious that I was furious at the end of the movie. Here are a few: I'm happy to have missed the SR-71 sequence, which would have been worse than the F-117 "Air Force One" show. Commercial airlines usually have their logos painted on aircraft rather than on BOEING 747 ?? probably the use (not expensive) of certain commercials / advertising sequences of Boeing by the director. Exposed cabling connected by wire clamps is at best mediocre for home wiring, let alone multi-million dollar avionics wiring. Airplanes like the 747 depend solely on the pressure, rather than the oxygen of the ship, to maintain breathable air. If they rely on an integrated system, the cartridge is much larger than the size of a fist. Medical tape is not an appropriate substitute for a threaded pipe fitting. They were F-16s, NOT F-15s. Mach 1+ (speed of sound) would be difficult to achieve with a static engine at takeoff (look at the speedometer). The "standard training" is simply to maintain training within one nautical mile. "Training" is what they were stealing, not the most useful training for interception. "The acquisition of a missile lock" would probably not attract the attention of airline pilots, who have neither radar detection nor countermeasures. "Wait for my signal" is not a communication between flights to prepare you to shoot. Depressurization from a gate opening in flight is not a motive for an immediate steep left bank. Shouting in a helmet does not send it. Magnetic headings are given as "headings" and not "bearings", and the headings are between 001 and 360 degrees (the compass in the air resembles the compass on the ground!). ) a "turnover" of 618 to 502 is only stupid. In most cases, it is impossible to "turn the yoke until the correct course is reached" ?? this kind of thing will produce 360 ​​degree rolls until the yoke is centered again. The probability that a flight attendant will immediately find the autopilot and use it successfully is only slightly greater than the probability that it will land safely on the jet. The aircraft do not drop immediately after firing the throttle and the 747s have more than one small lever to control multi-engine thrust. The flaps are lowered in increments, usually just before and immediately after landing, and not seconds before landing (good way to collapse). Wheel brakes are needed to stop an airplane. Simply pull the throttle (s) (this time, a different lever in the film) so that the idle will only allow you to leave the end of the track at a slower speed. Did I mention that these fighter jets were F-16s and NOT F-15s? Guess I did it ?? And that's exactly what I remember watching this horrible movie recently.
