The French director Jean Rollin is not known for the quality of his films, and this confusing mess is one of the reasons. One of the most confusing things about this production is the title. For a director known for his erotic films about lesbian vampires; you would expect a movie with the word 'nude' in the title to be particularly full-bodied; but in fact, there is not much nudity here. Instead of lesbian erotic vampires without clothes; we have a complicated plot about a man who wants to pierce the secret of immortality, a young woman whose affliction could hold the key and a suicidal cult, which does not do much. The film begins with a promising sequence in which a girl is led by a mysterious group of masks under the watchful eye of a young Frenchman, who happens to be also the son of an important man. During his investigation, he quickly discovers that this woman is not just a normal woman and deepens her exploration of the cult. he discovers that he can not be killed by bullets, drinks blood and can not go out in the light of day ... sounds like a definite case of vampirism for me. <br /> <br /> Jean Rollin maintains the whimsical atmosphere in the film world, but that's not interesting because the plot is poorly executed. It's possible to follow what's happening, but only because many other movies follow scenarios similar to this one. The director seems to know that he himself has spoiled the script, the highlight being in fact an excuse to explain the film to the public. There is also a twist at the end; but the film would have been better without it. I suppose it was Jean Rollin's attempt to be a little original, but this is a far-fetched attempt, rather than the logical continuation of the story. The cinematography is quite neat, much of the plot taking place in appropriate Gothic places. The girls on board complete what is a pretty picture, and what Rollin's film lacks logic and consistency, it is a little offset by the style. In the defense of the film, this was done in 1969; which explains a little lack of shocks, but I can not recommend this film because it does not have much about it that deserves to be taken into account.
