This review may contain SPOILERS. <br /> <br /> Just when you thought they did not make them so bad anymore, Rae Dawn Chong appears like a space vixen and Willie Nelson as a Native American wizard! It's even worse when you take into account the fact that these two aspects are the BEST aspects of "Starlight", a movie that should only be seen for laughs. <br /> <br /> Chong is an extraterrestrial sent to Earth to seek the last half-breed, half man and half stranger. Apparently, the Earth is in a desperate situation. Something is wrong with the genetics of humanity, and in a few decades the world will become a polluted wasteland. It is only by duplicating the DNA of the half-breed that the nice extraterrestrial race will save the planet. Do not ask me how it is, because the film gives the impression that the world will be destroyed by pollution, which is caused by man. You would think that the Earth could only be saved by eliminating the polluting creatures and not by saving them! Anyway, it's Billy Wirth, a man who lives in a small town in the southwest and belongs to the Native American group of his mother's line, although his mother is a Caucasian haired redhead and his grandfather, Willie Nelson. Is not it the kind of malerkey that made Carmen Electra's bombshell, that of "the chosen one"? Chong arrives in his boat when Wirth almost drowns after driving his motorcycle into a lake, in an unwise state, following a breakup with his girlfriend. Before he can pronounce the word "hogwash", Chong reveals his secret to Wirth, who will not be surprised for a moment, and will let it know to Wirth's family. Chong also makes friends with Wirth's mother, who seems to have lost some marbles over the years. Well, it's because Wirth's father was a stranger who abandoned her. Of course, he is the standard foreign thug who chose this moment to come to Earth for Wirth so that he could use Wirth's DNA to turn his inhabitants into slaves. (Huh?) His ludicrous attempts to use his telepathic powers and capture Wirth absorb most of the time spent on the screen and are the worst scenes in the film. Not only are they boring, but these are the scenes where you will most often notice the chatter. <br /> <br /> The ideas may be good on paper, but they are treated here with the utmost stupidity, especially in the aforementioned scenes with the extraterrestrial thug. But the effects are the bane of the movie. The opening scene stages Chong on his spaceship, communicating with his superior, someone we do not see but with whom Chong communicates via a tank that emits a pink light. They do not use spoken words, but telepathy, so we are entitled to subtitles. The problem is that the subtitles of Chong and his superior are similar and that the director does not tell you which of the two actually speaks at a given moment, which makes the whole conversation nothing but gibberish. The spaceship is the worst effect in Hollywood on this side of a film by Ed Wood. Now, I'm generally indulgent about effects when dealing with a low-budget film like this, but these effects really touched me. The most offensive was the simplest: a false night sky. The stars in the sky are so wrong that they sound almost like a tone. The most remarkable moments are when Chong tells someone that she comes from Pleiades and that we have a picture of the seven stars. The fact is that the seven stars occupy about half of the night sky in the movie, but any observer knows that Pleiades is a group of stars located between the constellations Perseus and Taurus, and that it does not take much space in the sky. These effects are so unhealthy that your jaw will hang lower and lower every moment. Be careful, it will go forward in the final when the effects will make Willie Nelson become a human spotlight. . . Oh, you have to see it to believe it! <br /> <br /> Starlight, bright star; Last star I see tonight; I wish I could, I wish I could; no need to watch more of this garbage today. <br /> <br /> Zantara score: 1 out of 10.
