Note: I see in the different articles that there was an original dumb version and a sound version of the same movie. I saw the sound version and it was aesthetically disgusting. Some say that the original version was LENGTH and without shit dubbing, so my criticism should be read in that spirit. <br /> <br /> Although I know that René Clair has a good reputation as a filmmaker and Louise Brooks has a bit like a cult, it's in many ways a technically mediocre film. While Hollywood was already practically switched to sound mode around 1929, until the mid-thirties, many famous French films were essentially silent movies - with some dialogue and sound effects very badly slapped above the film. The movements of the lips in many, and especially in this film, do not even match what is said and that would explain why an American like Mrs. Brooks could make a French film. It's a little sloppy and I would have preferred that they just made a silent movie - and it's a medium movie - with great camera work (sometimes) and some decent mute style. <The problem I also found with the movie was the simplistic plot. For a silent piece on morality around 1920, it would have been nice, but in 1930, the plot is a little scary (meaning "old" - not "slut"). A lady wins a beauty contest and her macho fiancé does not support it. She gives up everything, temporarily, but is attracted by the good life and that means her end! A little melodramatic, huh? And also a bit simplistic and underdeveloped. <br /> <br /> Finally, the character of the friend of the fiance (?) To me seemed very disturbing and unreal. He looked like Harold Lloyd and spent much of the film being abused and taken over by his friend and everyone else. As he had just taken it throughout the film and no resolution was found, his character seemed superfluous and the treatment he received was petty. Was the audience supposed to laugh when they were mistreated? It seems to me implicit and I do not like it at all. <br /> <br /> There are by far better French films of the time (The Million, The Baker's Wife, Fanny, Regain and others). ) as well as better silent movies. I just can not understand the high rating of this movie.
