I realize that wearing a novel on the big screen is always problematic. This is the only positive thing I can say about this really horrible adaptation. <br /> <br /> Have you read 'Wise Blood?' It's an amazing book. Flannery O'Connor wrote about the south like no one else. She herself was a southerner, a fervent Catholic, and a remarkably talented writer. In her first novel, she wove together a dark and deeply troubling story of faith, doubt and redemption, with a macabre sense of humor and surprising impartiality. The characters in the book may seem outrageous to those who have not lived in the rural south, but I can assure you that such people exist. Not only do they exist, they are human beings with families, feelings and concerns just like anyone else. Flannery's intentions were so often misunderstood - she did not flatter these fanatics from the bottom of the woods - she saw the beautiful operation of what she would have called "grace" ... even in the most violent circumstances, the more painful and the most exhilarating. Reading "Sage Blood" must be swept away with a sense of dread and impending doom. Finally, we need to think for a long time about our judgments and our preconceived ideas - our vision of the whole world. <br /> <br /> None of this is reflected in John Huston's adaptation to Gilligan's Island. No. It's a joke. A bad joke. The entire film is saturated with a height that turns the stomach. The acting is mediocre, the southern accents are false and insulting. The filmmakers do not show any idea of ​​the thinking of the religious southerners. Ms. O'Connor's intense prose is reduced to visual pranks and cheap amateur theater. The soundtrack is a mixture of hay bunny and "orange cheesework" electronics, which does not fit the story or even the film. I got a free entry to this movie and I was almost out. Really, really terrible. <br /> <br /> By the way, I do not share Ms. O'Connor's religious opinion and, although I was raised in the great south, I made the road to the north years ago . looked back. But the south is a beautiful place full of fascinating individuals (like all other places on earth), and the caricatural mockery with which southerners and their attitudes are treated in this film borders the offensive. If you like to be offended (which I am not), then this film definitely crosses the line of demarcation. <br /> <br /> I do not like talking nonsense about an artist's job - John Huston was a man who I did not know and I'm sure he was a sincere and talented filmmaker , which his respected place in the history of cinema testifies. My point of view is clearly skewed by having read (and loved) Flannery O'Connor's work. So, I do not pretend to come from another perspective. Maybe as an independent film, it works for moviegoers. But for the fans of Flannery O'Connor - and, I might add, for the respectful Southerners and the open-minded individuals of all parties - this film is a waste of time.
