The film is steeped in religion, so it is impossible to separate it from religion by commenting on it. In my opinion, this film claims to explore deep issues, but feeds on stereotypes and prejudices; with little real insight. What people in the movie (and therefore the writer) have not seen is grace. They did not understand that God is the author of beauty and that he is the creator of passion and sexual gratification in the proper context of conjugal bonds. To imply that members of the society in which history is based believe that nudity is a sin, and that the man and woman who appreciate the marriage act is dirty, is only an oversimplification. Such stereotypes do not really exist, for even the holy Jewish writings speak clearly of the caring husband who will seek the pleasure of his wife before his. The scriptures say that a man must love his wife as his own flesh and that no man has ever hated his own flesh, he feeds and cherishes it. Even if you want to ignore the New Testament, writers and characters are completely unaware that there are passages such as Solomon's Canticle in the Old Testament and even the book of Proverbs that says, "Rejoice in the woman of your youth let your breasts always satisfy you. "How can this be read in any other way than that which God knows, approves, and smiles at the conjugal union and the enjoyment of it? do not know the value and needs of their women Those who deny a very basic teaching of the Judaeo / Christian religion God never said these things It is absurd Sonia rebelled because of the misapplication The teachings of the true God of Abraham It was not necessary What sadness Sonia desperately needed was the TRUTH, not tradition By knowing, loving and obeying God, we love each other more It is the faith of the God of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, and Joseph; once for all delivered to the saints; bought and paid for by Jesus Christ, the Just. But all right, ignore all this and give up the old scriptures and turn to the wisdom of the homeless and ghosts. It's a good plan. I would never recommend this movie. partly because the sexual content is unnecessarily graphic, but also because it really does not offer any valid information. Discover "Yentl" if you want to see a much more useful treatment of the Jewish tradition in contradiction with society.
