I am so appalled by this documentary. I am deeply embarrassed and ashamed of the way the Puertoricans have been described. This documentary did not focus on the culture of Puertoricans. It was the culture of the Nuyoricans. Puertoricans and Nuyoricans are two different cultures. Very different cultures and should not be generalized to the Puerto Rican population. Rosie, before doing a documentary, you have to do the research. You must also check and make sure your sources are credible. Puerto Ricans are not all noisy and they have class, which the documentary did not have to show. When I saw Rosie and Jimmie in plain sight and Rosie at Martha Stewart, I was very excited to watch. I even made sure to let my parents know because they love Puerto Rico so much. After the first five minutes, I could not believe how much the documentary criticized the United States and made Puerto Ricans look like a gang of guinea pigs. You have to go to Puerto Rico and you will see that Puerto Rico is not a third world country where more than 50% of the population lives in poverty. Puerto Rico has well known colleges and universities, roads, cars, shopping malls, shopping malls (the largest Kmart and JCPenney I've ever seen), restaurants, theaters, beaches, hotels (Ritz, Hilton, etc.), casinos, churches, agriculture, Auto Expresso, and restaurants to name a few. Poverty? NOT 50% of the population is. Puerto Rican culture focuses on family, music, gastronomy, celebration and trying to move forward, not to go back. Oh, and the new cousins ​​do not come out of nowhere. No, it's not a Puerto Rican affair, it's a ghetto affair. We are not bastards. Parents of Metropolitan descent who would like to teach Puerto Rico to their children should invest in a family trip to better understand Puerto Rico. They will see its beauty, its inhabitants and its culture. Please do not show them this documentary because they will only have negativity left. Oh, and please, do not tell your American friends to watch this documentary, because that will only make the Puertorians a bit ignorant. <br /> <br /> Yes, I was born and raised in PUERTO RICAN on the island. Just so you know!
