You must respect this film. It may be "just a silly kid movie" but it's the most requested movie title in online movie forums, at the request of people who remember the story but do not remember of the title. Therefore, the following is a detailed and indispensable plot description because I have not been able to find it elsewhere on the Internet. <br /> <br /> We see a typical two-storey house in the suburbs. Bridget, 7, says she suspects something because she and her 11-year-old brother Andrew receive gifts from their parents for no apparent reason. Bridget's gift is a stuffed penguin she immediately calls Sweet William. Bridget describes her loved ones: Aunt Ruth, a responsible nurse who takes care of her grandmother, Grams, the grandmother who hugs her and makes dolls with socks, and her brother Andrew, who specializes in electronics and grouchy. Grams accidentally hangs up from the lieutenant governor, indicating that she is interfering with her family's life. The two children have lunch while the adults discuss Grammes' move to a retirement home. Bridget is making a horrible pancake sandwich containing cereals, eggs, bacon, strawberries and syrup, while Andrew looks incredulous. The two children then discuss Grams, and Andrew says squarely that Grams is "pasture". Bridget chats with Grams in the attic, arranges a tea party with Sweet William in her room, then a living doll unexpectedly pops out of her closet mirror. <br /> <br /> Bridget and the living doll meet. The curly-haired living female doll is called Huggins and lives in Huggaland. Bridget gives Huggins a baseball cap in Andrew's room. Huggins hides under clothes when Bridget's mother arrives, then she throws the laundry into the washing machine with Huggins inside. Bridget saves Huggins and dries her with a hair dryer. Huggins says that Bridget could talk to Hugwand, the worm of the book, because he knows everything. They cross the mirror to visit Huggaland, but one of Bridget's tennis shoes is in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Rather than walk around with one shoe, Bridget goes off without shoes to Huggaland. They immediately meet Hugsy, a living boy doll with curly hair in Huggaland. Huggins gives the baseball cap to Hugsy. They also meet Tickles, Bubbles, Impkins and Tweaker, and all the dolls sing a song while sitting on a bridge. Hugsy takes Bridget and Huggins on his truck to see the bookworm who lives on a stack of giant books. The bookworm consults "the old encyclopedia" and discovers that old age can be cured by eating the fruit of the "fruit tree". However, there is only one of these trees, and it is in the land of Shrugs, ruled by the crazy queen of quartz. The only way to get to Shrugs is to jump over a deep hole inside a giant book nearby. <br /> <br /> Bridget and the two dolls swallow their glass three times, jump into and out of the hole. Soon, they walk on a sidewalk, hear the sea of ​​glass break and fall off the sidewalk when gravity ends. They meet "the hairy mastodon", which looks like a mastodon, has four tusks and expires by fire in his trunk. But Hugsy leaves boldly and closes the mastodon, which becomes an elephant baby named Hodgepodge. Hodgepodge was under the spell of the Queen and owes Hugsy a favor. They all travel from Hodgepodge to the castle. They enter the castle, are surrounded by troll-like beings, the queen (Queen Admira) arrives and Bridget asks for some raspberries. The queen refuses, then eats one for herself and boasts of her own beautiful face while looking in a hand mirror. The hodgepodge faints when the queen says he should be "digested". The queen is angry when Bridget mentions that wicked witches should have warts. The queen freezes Bridget and orders the other three to be taken to the dungeon. But the queen carelessly leaves the key of the dome of the bird by the lock of the lifting device of the dome. <br /> <br /> Hodgepodge wakes up in the dungeon and uses his "noodle" to open the prison door. down, thus freeing himself and the two dolls with him. They find Bridget standing petrified, the dolls hug her, which allows her to revive Bridget. Before fleeing, Bridget finds the key left behind the dome of the bouquetier, raises it and chooses bright red fruits and puts them in a jar. The queen catches them, but the queen's arm is stuck under the descending dome while searching for the key left by Bridget on the floor. The queen suddenly becomes very old since she is deprived of berries that give youth and seems to die. Soon, Bridget steps back through the mirror in her room, but stumbles across the bottom of the mirror, flipping the berries to her floor, and the berries quickly go up in smoke, one by one. Her mother calls Andrew and her to say goodbye to Grams, who is leaving for a retirement home. Andrew drops his usual grumpy and distant facade and kisses Grams, telling him that he loves her and that he does not want her to leave. Their father is moved and decides to keep Grams after all, and everyone starts to cry, including Aunt Ruthie, who was the main person who pressured Grams to move. <br /> <br /> Andrew asks Bridget to give him leave. Louis Cardinals hat, Bridget begins to explain how she gave it to Huggins of Huggaland, but Andrew does not want to listen to what he believes to be his fantastic stories, so he turns to look for him in his room. One of the dolls is secretly handing the hat to Bridget by the mirror. Bridget puts the hat on Andrew's head. Andrew is mystified and leaves the bedroom without saying anything. Bridget cheerfully greets the mirror.
