I had high hopes when I heard it was being done in 2001 because I had read "The Devil and Daniel Webster" when I was a kid and found it very interesting. They made changes to the story that do not make much sense to me. Daniel Webster in the story was a famous New Hampshire lawyer. In the film, he is publisher. A lawyer makes more sense because he ends up representing Jabez Stone against the devil himself (he was a man in the story, but a woman in the movie) in a lawsuit where their two souls are at stake. publisher, it does not appear that Daniel Webster has the necessary skills to do so. <br /> <br /> The acting was decent, with the exception of Alec Baldwin and Dan Aykroyd. These are two actors that I like, they just did a terrible job in this movie. It was as if they thought they were playing in a comedy, but the movie was more serious than a comedy. This may be due in part to the fact that the film was shot with a particular vision, then re-edited by someone else. Given this fact, it is amazing that it is consistent. I was surprised to see a fairly large number of SNL cast members in the film, which leads me to believe that the film may have been shot originally with the intention of becoming more of a comedy . <br /> <br /> In summary I must say that it was not completely horrible, but it was not very good. If I could recover an hour and a half and do something else, I would do it. The end was particularly disappointing. As in the original story, Daniel Webster triumphs the devil during the trial. Jabez begins again at the beginning of the film ... literally, we are brought back to the first scene with Jabez, then the film ends abruptly. In fact, it seemed that they had just replayed the first scene of Jabez and called it the end. There is no indication that Jabez has the knowledge or experience he has acquired. So who can say that he has not just repeated his mistakes, and maybe again and again in an endless loop? It was an extremely disappointing end and does not make much sense. The decent casting and acting of all but Baldwin and Aykroyd are the only things that prevent this from being a complete and complete sandwich.
