Was it a comedy or was it a drama? I start this review by asking this question because the film I just watched, Hollywood Shuffle, was neither funny nor dramatic. Although he has tried so much to argue a point, because of this lack of definition (comedy or drama), intelligent themes and sharp remarks have been lost. Although I firmly believe that there is too much racial profiling in Hollywood, even today, I do not believe that Townsend's directorial debut has done much to stop it. Instead, I think it only added more fuel to the fire. The timing of Townsend's comic in this film was disastrous because the elements he was supposed to make fun of were for promotion, and vice versa. The supposedly serious parties have somehow been destroyed by the lack of funny comedy. Townsend had a decent concept with this movie, but unfortunately the performance is what ultimately harmed the film. If you look at the preview before the movie (which I constantly do), you will immediately have a false impression of what you are going to see. The preview gives the impression of a very intelligent and comic film that takes pride in the intelligence of the viewers, but the film could not be further from the truth. <br /> <br /> The main problem of Hollywood Shuffle is not the story itself (because it lacks elaboration); it's the direction of Townsend. He had a wonderful concept with this movie. Harness the Hollywood that exploits our race. Decent idea, but why could not he execute it very well? The first reason is that his ideas are too random and sporadic. The structure of this film was like watching a heart attack on a monitor at the hospital, we are literally everywhere without warning or card. It was obvious that Townsend had a lot to say, but little time to do it. So, instead of defining his characters, developing his themes and creating a smart movie, he simply gathered them and prayed that it works. Unfortunately, it is not the case. Instead of a smart comedy, we have a mix of ideas, comedy skits and underused actors that make this movie go from decent to almost unassailable. What hurts Townsend the most is his specifications, his attempt to be funny, his interruptions throughout the film. Whether fighting a villain known as Jerry Curl or parodying Siskel & Ebert, Townsend's attempt to make fun of while talking about a message about the film industry is crumbling. Indeed, these small sketches intermittent divert attention from the center of the film and destroy internally. While Townsend seems to be trying to make a joke about Hollywood life, he simply connects to all the stereotypes and clichés of the book. What could have been a beautiful satire turns into a simply generic humor that never stands out from the rest. <br /> <br /> So if you find yourself not laughing at the humor of this story, you may have some comfort knowing that some of the Wayans brothers are here to help spice things up this boring story. FALSE! The Wayans are in this film, but Townsend demonstrates that he has the ability to bring out the worst, even in this entertaining family. Certainly in their pre-In Living Color moments, we see that comedy was something that everyone needed to constantly improve. It may have been Townsend's direction, or perhaps this atrocious story, but these typically amusing comedians were obviously underused and ignored when it came to film critics. I just thought that with the talent pool that Townsend had to shoot from this film, Hollywood Shuffle would have been funny, brilliant, and a real stab at solving this obvious Hollywood dilemma. Unfortunately, it was nothing of the above. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that it was a viable film. There were a few moments (even though they were few and far between) who had a smile on their faces, the final product simply did not help me very well. Townsend can be funny, but in this movie, he felt like he was playing against himself rather than his personal experiences and problems. I realize he was probably telling the truth, but it never happened that way. Instead, we are plunged into a faint story, which relies on silly flash clips that may have worked for a sitcom, but that surely did not work for this movie. Even for those who say it was his first film and that he was learning from this film, I should disagree. If you're just starting out, use a strict script or defined themes. Townsend owned neither, and combined with the inability to control his actors, he had just failed in a fireball. <br /> <br /> Overall, it was rather disappointing to watch. It reminded me of a Spelling Bee primary school where your child's time is finally spelled out. The word is hard, but as the first two or three letters come out, you think that it will work perfectly, but then there is a random "P" and a silent "R" that forces you to empty your enthusiasm . That's what I felt with Hollywood Shuffle. At first, I saw the potential, I saw the theme and the motive behind the photo, but thanks to a fuzzy and inexperienced technique and after the first two scenes, I felt this deep fall. Townsend sank his own ship on this one, and I do not think Hollywood Shuffle will become a pivotal moment in Hollywood cinema. <br /> <br /> Note: * on *****
