After an animated, though predictable, early bank scene, 'Set It Off' plunges directly into the gutter and continues to flow. This is a film about used stereotypes instead of characters, absurd manipulation instead of a coherent plot and a hideous cocktail of disgusting sentimentality and gratuitous violence instead of thoughts, mind or feelings. In short, it's no different than 90% of the Hollywood product. But it is the racial angle that makes Set It Off a particularly sad example of contemporary film production. Presenting itself as a celebration of "sistahood," the film is actually a celebration of the most virulent forms of the "gangsta" stereotype between Afican and American. The gadget this time is that gangstas carry drag. Not only does the film suggest that gangsterism is a default identity for all African Americans short of money or feeling a little harassed by Man, he presents his sistas as superficial materialists who gain money and dominate above all else. Even worse, 'Set It Off' exploits the theme of racial discrimination and its disadvantage simply as a means to support its complicated terrain structure. Serious race-related social problems are artificially and opportunistically addressed to justify armed robbery, and then abandoned as soon as the film is to produce the inevitably conventional end in which the crime is punished, the LAPD turns out to be a benevolent and guilty group of liberals (tell Rodney King), and Jada Pinkett Smith, aspiring to become a "good" sista, follows the path of upward mobility out of the hood and into a world of self-indulgence middle class open for her by her boyfriend bank manager buppie. '' Set It Off '' illustrates the abysmal state of contemporary film on blaxploitation, bending to stereotypical gangsta stereotypes and claiming to celebrate life in the "hood" while despising it. While the 'Shaft' and 'Superfly' types of the 1970s were able to peddle stereotypes and rework well-used intrigues, they had the freshness, energy and innocence that moved spectators of all races while making them fun. . watch. "Set It Off" would not be worth it if it were not a symptom of the tragic decline and ghettoisation of African-American cinema since the promising breakthrough of the early 1990s.
