Yesterday I saw the second part. And I must say it was better than the first. At first, I realized: it's actually a sequel, not a remake, but not a good one. I do not like old movies and Galactica series, as the Cylons saw toasters (as mentioned in this new movie) and were totally harmless to the old galactica. This film reverses the roles - the humans were harmless but the whole movie was completely chaotic and stupid to me. Many scenes were useless, for example the story of "computer expert" - completely a crap. If I were a screenwriter, I would let him die at home, killed by the Cylon woman. And the evacuation of the planet? Oh, please, if it were to be bombarded with 50 megaton nuclear missiles (why exactly 50 MT?), They would be killed by radiation. And how is it possible that the great fleet of Cylons was completely concealed before the attack? Aha, maybe it was this computer virus, created by the Cylon - the script was probably written by a ten-year-old schoolboy. The good side of the film is that humans are finally defeated !! Really defeated, the population is close to extinction (children die - twice in the film: 1. a baby !!! maybe a month and a girl of ten years maximum - what violence ...). And the bad guys won and I think it's the first time in such a sci-fi and galaxy fight movie. I also appreciate the design of the Cylons (and not just the Cylon humanoid :-) a good job with these ships - I like the design of ships by both - human and cylons. Human ships are never a good version of the old ones. And galactica - really nice with these docks, I liked it. But that's all, only design is not enough. The game was really bad, all the plot was expected (only two things not: the human-cylon on the Ragnardocks and the human-Cylon in the end). The dialogues were trivial not the fault of the film). The whole film looked like a pilot film for a series, but who would shoot such a series? What is it about? A star for design, the second for the near extinction of humanity.
