This movie is a mess, but at least it's not pretentious. The video's mailbox is marketing it as a "back-and-forth fun" in the giant 1950s bug movies. In reality, it's a real scam for the "Aliens". <br /> <br /> The producers clearly wanted to create a "ALIEN" image, but they did not have to have a lot of money. In fact, it does not seem like they had NO money, really. I hope everyone has been paid for working on this thing. <br /> <br /> The basic plot is kept - a group of isolated people with a deadly insectoid creature - and a site linked to the land is inserted for budgetary reasons, I presume. Instead of placing the film in space, where no one can hear you scream, they place it in a hospital where everyone can see your budget laid bare. The fun thing about "Blue Monkey" (and there's only one funny thing about it) is that filmmakers have not abandoned the "ALIEN" aesthetic. Even though we're in the hospital, we still have an improbably cavernous appendix where science-fiction experiments are going on, in this case the venerable "growth hormone" conspiracy device. The annex also serves as a boiler room (or something like that), which explains the monster in search of heat. The boiler room is so large that it has multi-level steel bridges, which is perfect for allowing the viscous material to drip between the slats. <br /> <br /> The idea is that a man working in a greenhouse is attacked by a falling flower of a rare imported plant that grows in an exotic location. He touches him and says "Ow", so we know he's been hurt. The cut on his finger makes him sink into a loss of consciousness in a few minutes and at the hospital, he gives birth to a white worm by mouth (I suppose that on a photo "Alien", we speak of "mouth-to -hear"?) . The worm is isolated, but some naughty little children (patients with leukemia) sneak up on it and "accidentally" give it an experimental growth hormone. You know that everyone is in trouble when fornicant hospital staff are attacked by a camera on a crane. Very soon, a maintenance worker finds cocoons mandatory, just before being seized by a pair of semi-convincing insectoid arms. The rest of the film is dominated by the semi-dark monster, semi-obscured by semi-darkness. <br /> <br /> Which brings us back to "ALIEN". How, you ask, can a movie in a hospital incorporate all those flashing strobe lights that still appear in "ALIEN" movies? No problem ... a power outage (or something) causes a malfunction of the electrical system, which apparently causes the appearance of strobe lights in every room of the hospital and a constant flicker throughout the film. It also serves as a cloak for special effects (although insects look good, they do not move very well and the baby insect looks like a Cootie toy). <br /> <br /> OK, so what bases "ALIEN" we did not cover ... Oh, water dripped on the walls! Check ... we'll divide the huge hospital into two parts, then we'll send characters through the wet, dripping basement to get to the other side. Problem solved, we now have the opportunity to perform many shots of "tunnel of apprehension". And do not forget the fog ... well, you never really need an excuse for that in horror movies, do you? OK, maybe inside the hospital you're doing, then we're going to create smoke by having a lot of sparks and burns. <br /> <br /> I did not say anything about the insignificant game, not that actors are given any type of script to follow. I guess "Blue Monkey" was supposed to be light and fun, and if so, then it's an interesting test, but the pieces do not come together and the movie ends up being a real drag. Watch a movie called "The Return of the Extraterrestrials: The Deadly Offspring" if you want to see a film of this type that does well, with even less money and even more marginal acting skills. He falls flat on his alien.
