* McCabe and Mrs. Miller * take place in the northwest Pacific of the turn of the century. In a sodden and muddy mining camp, John McCabe (a shaggy Warren Beatty) arrives in a cigar smoke-filled boat and has great ideas for building a real parlor / prostitute for the city, brimming with a trio of the most painful whores in the history of cinema. He also enjoys an undeserved reputation as a gamemaster: too shameful about it to blatantly advertise it, but he's not really afraid to use it to make his point as an alias. -Male among the inhabitants. And so, he forces the boys to build his living room at 15 cents an hour. <br /> <br /> The operation seems rather distressing until Mrs. Miller (Julie Christie) presents herself to a surprising craft half railroad car, half automobile (where did Altman find this thing?). Mrs. Miller immediately turns to McCabe as a business partner, in order to rank the new joint with the good whores and insist that all visitors take a bath before entering. Noting that McCabe does not know how to add, she also insists on managing the accounts. We do not know what McCabe's function will be. <br /> <br /> The plot thickens when two oily representatives of the mining company come to town and offer McCabe to buy him five thousand dollars. McCabe tells them to bellow - he has fifteen thousand. The company finds the negotiation unpleasant, so it hires a trio of killers to simply kill McCabe. . . However, the way they think they can escape the murder of a man in broad daylight in the downtown core is as fuzzy as McCabe's role in the brothel partnership. (Excuse this gulf of intrigue on the grounds that the locals would be too intimidated to talk about cutting the mustard when you consider that the rewards offered by the marshal would be rather tempting.) <br /> <br /> * McCabe and Ms. Miller *, supposedly "the classic cinema of the 70s", should be much better than they are. The film tells a very good story. the main characters have the potential to be interesting. There are striking scenes, especially one that looks like a 14-year-old killer, who kills the cold. But it's really hard to watch a movie when you barely hear what someone is saying and when you can barely see what he's doing. Once again, this director diverts his own film with laziness and laziness. According to the info sheet here on IMDb, the film's publisher told Altman that the sound was muddy; Altman did not agree. and when everyone said the sound was muddy after the movie was released, Altman blamed the publisher. (Nice.) With the bad sound, the film has an atrocious appearance. Only Robert Altman can engage a world-class DP like Vilmos Zsigmond and make a film that gives the impression of spraying the lenses of the camera with dirty water. Critics here who praise the "dark brown glow" of this image have got to make fun of me. The interiors are projected through what appears to be a dark foam. Outside photography is even worse: it's as if Altman is placing 500 fog machines behind the abundant trees. During the climax, when Beatty dodges the assassins while the local church is on fire, Altman insists to darken the view with a snowfall that reminds of a Christmas special Rankin-Bass. <br /> <Look, I can not watch a movie in these conditions. Come back to me when you learn how to install the boom mics, when you remove all this dialogue "Altman-esque" that will bother you and when you wipe the objectives with Windex, or something of the kind. 3 out of 10 stars.
