How they managed to play Al Pacino in this film is beyond me. This film is absolutely terrible. After reading some of the reviews, I discovered, after reading some of the reviews, that this film really pleased me, which leaves me deeply puzzled, because I do not see how a sensible person could enjoy a movie too. terrible than Revolution. It's not just a bad film, with a lame plot and a general strangeness that is extremely unpleasant, but it seems that the filmmakers are either mentally retarded (which is a very possible explanation of why this film is zero , it is probably still nil, even compared to other films made with delays) or deliberately made all the illogical decisions to make this film sucks as much as possible. For example, we see Donald Sutherland running with a big fat and ugly mole on his face. He does not normally have a mole. The mole adds nothing to his character. It is extremely ugly and distracting. It's not like Robert De Niro's mole; it's much worse. Why the hell does he have this mole? It's as if the filmmakers had just said, "Come on, how could we make this movie even worse than it is already? I know, give Mr. Sutherland a giant mole and ugly on his face. "<br /> <br /> Another example of the filmmakers' stupidity is the Ned character.We see, for the first three quarters of the film, At one point, "six months later" appears on the screen, we see Ned again and, of course, the same actor plays the boy, five minutes later, "three weeks later. "appears on the screen and, suddenly, another actor plays the role of the now older Ned.What do they think we're idiots? Good God! Again, it's as if the filmmakers were saying : "How can we possibly aggravate the situation? I do not think we can ... Oh, wait! I just had a terrible idea! "I know that a child does not grow much in six months, which is good, but at least he grows up more than he does in three weeks. to force another actor to play Ned, or at least to have him play for five minutes when he is three weeks younger.In addition, the kid who plays the "older" Ned does not seem older than the "young" Ned In fact, he just looks completely different, much leaner, and not taller or older than the original actor, which is very confusing, because I thought, like any rational human being, at the beginning that it was a new and different character. <br /> <br /> What, did the first child die during the shooting of the film? Because it was in the movie for an hour and a half, then everything to three weeks later, Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels play Ned for the last five minutes of the film. However, the filmmakers should at least have an actor who looks like him to play the rest of his role and re-turn the meager five minutes of scenes "six months later". Better still, delete the film completely, never finish it and never broadcast it, never tell anyone, because at that moment, they should have realized that their film was nil and that to finish it, they would only waste more time and money and succeed. make one of the worst movies of all time. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying that this movie is so bad that you should not watch it; it's so serious that you should watch, just to see how much it's afraid. It's terrible, terrible.
