Brilliant actor as he is, Al Pacino completely derailed the Revolution ?? His approach by the method is totally unsuited to the role of illiterate trapper taken in the American war of independence. Much of the blame should be attributed to director Hugh Hudson (yes, the man who created Chariots Of Fire a few years earlier - talks about his downfall !!). One of the many works of a director is to bring the actors together and convince them to play credible roles, but in this case, Hudson has allowed Pacino to run wild without asking for any restraint of any kind. But it's not only the low performance of Al that stands in the way of the film: there are many other faults with Revolution, some of which will be discussed later. <br /> <br /> The illiterate trapper Tom Dobb (Al Pacino) lives in the north of the country East of America with his son Ned (Sid Owen / Dexter Fletcher). He leads a simple life ?? living off the land, raising his son, surviving against the elements. The country is dominated by British colonialists, but for a period of eight years (1775-1783) there is a revolution that ends with the defeat of the British and the birth of the independent American nation. Dobb is caught up in the events when his boat and his son are enlisted by the Continental Army ?? swept away by events they barely understand, the Dobbs fight for their lives and their freedom in one bloody engagement after another. Tom also falls in love with Daisy McConnahay (Natassja Kinski), a beautiful and ardent woman of British aristocratic descent. Their forbidden love is played in the more general historical context of the fighting. <br /> <br /> Where do I start with the defects of the film? Most key players are miscast ?? Pacino has already been fairly criticized, but Kinski is no better than the renegade aristocrat, while Donald Sutherland is desperately lost as a merciless English soldier with a wavering Yorkshire accent. Robert Dillon's scenario is confused in his attempts to bring back massive historical events to a personal level. Nobody seems to have ever decided whether it was an intimate character study with the American Revolution as a backdrop or an epic war movie with a handful of highly drawn characters used to convey the story. As a result, the story falls into the no man's land, passing from "big show" to "little story" without distinction or meaning. The score of John Corigliano is quite appalling and pours on the debates without thought or subtlety. Hugh Hudson's management has been awkward from the start, both in his mismanagement of Pacino and other key players, and in his decision to use annoying camera work during action sequences. The idea of ​​the camera held in the hand is to create immediacy ?? this feeling of "being there" in the confusion of battle and artillery fire. Like so many other things in the movie, it does not work. The only department where the film regains a minimum of respectability is the detail of the period, with costumes, sets and always precise weapons. But if this is the period of detail that interests you, a visit to the museum would be a better way to spend your time, because as a rousing cinematic experience, the revolution has not even begun to make a difference. Nothing more than a £ 18 million mega-bomb that the struggling British film industry could barely afford in the mid-1980s.
