What big word "re-imagine" is. Is not this what they call Dawn of the Dead MMIV (2004)? An intelligent word indeed - it hides the term that everyone hated, that is to say "remake", and gives the impression that the creative process was creative and involved the imagination. Well, damn, I was cheated. At least I was more attracted by the idea of ​​innumerable bloody and unbridled violence than by the idea of ​​"re-imagining", although that played a role. <br /> <br /> Yet why make a remake? Filmmakers do this for just a few reasons: update a movie for a modern audience, or because they personally love the original and want to pay tribute to it. A tribute, if you want. Nevertheless, all this comes down to one thing in general (I recognize the exceptions): stealing someone's idea and rephrasing it (or "re-imagining" it) so that those who would never see it or understand it would do not pay the money to see it. It's like the notes of Coles / Cliffs; throw everything into a blender, purify everything that is more confusing and curious and add some artificial flavors. In other words, an excellent marketing plan. <br /> <br /> So, what's wrong with this one? Well, I'll start with what I liked. I liked the opening scenes. Thanks to CGI and a larger budget, we have been able to understand the chaos of the zombie holocaust that Romero has tried to communicate in the original through minimalist means. We see the city in ruins, thousands of zombies: chaos and death. Two words that are beautiful on the screen. Then everything falls apart. <br /> <br /> This configuration leads nowhere. The movie does what almost every remake does. He adds more than anything except character, atmosphere and history. It is noisier, (in a sense) more bloody, and fuller of main characters who only seem to die in insane secondary intrigues. The setting, the shopping center that played a crucial role in the history and theme of the original film, is pure coincidence. The idea conveyed in Romero's film, the pure ecstatic joy of "owning a mall like a fortress" has disappeared. Moreover, this "reinvention" has no moxie, no spirit, no bullets. This assumes (probably quite rightly) that the audience has no attention and does not bother to look at the characters or the story. The film is rushed and lacks the quieter interactions of the four characters of the original. In fact, you've learned to care about these people in Romero's version because their existence presented a certain realism despite the madness outside the mall. Here, you do not care about when and who is going: the important thing is to know how they are doing. <br /> <br /> What else does he tell them? The film is not scary. It has one or two "jump" scenes and tries to catch up with the rest with gores and strong special effects. As a story, she is really too agitated to be followed and the conflicts between the characters are too underdeveloped to save her. Humor is also reduced to a few one-liners (and a very good character: Andy). After that, what's left? A clearly ridiculous end and well below the attenuated and inevitable ambiguity of the original film. But, even if it's a pretty bad film (although not as bad as some other remakes), one thing has to be remembered: it propelled The Passion of Christ to the top of the box. office. Bravo zombies.
