This film is pure "Hollywood hokum". It is based on a novel entitled 'Not Too Narrow ?? Not too deep 'Richard Sale, who may have been interesting or not; it would take research to find out! The story in the film takes for granted many incidents and a lot of background that obviously existed in the novel but are nowhere in the film, so either the film was cut wildly or the screenplay was a mess from the beginning . There is not a millisecond in this film that is realistic, whether events or characters. It's a pure Hollywood fantasy in every respect. Two well-known actors, Paul Lukas and Peter Lorre, are so underused and wasted that there was no point in them being in the movie. They must have been thrown into the mix in the same way that a pinch of chopped chives is added to an omelette, hoping that the taste will be enhanced. The film is a cumbersome attempt to produce a "morality tale" and is so corny that it is laughable. The story concerns hardened criminals imprisoned in French Guiana who wish to escape from their French colonial prison through a jungle (a Hollywood jungle with a rubber snake). Of course, there must be a woman in the story, so Joan Crawford sees her as an unlucky tramp who, for some reason, becomes irresistible to Clark Gable, one of the escaped criminals. Crawford who escapes into the jungle wears high-heeled shoes and keeps his makeup fresh. Gable flirts, grimaces and curses, frowning as usual, sneering and looking suggestively at everyone, which was his way of acting. It is difficult to treat such a character as a hardened criminal while he is still trying so hard to be Clark Gable and he surely does not have time to be a thief. (Attention seekers are by definition too busy to fly and unsuited to a task that requires people NOT to see them.) This whole trip is so ridiculous that it can only be considered light entertainment. An attempt at religiosity and "depth" involves injecting into history a mysterious "angel of mercy" who voluntarily enters the prison and claims to be a prisoner. He helps escape and accompanies all criminals and ministers until their death, helping them find "peace" in their last sighs. This character is very well interpreted by Ian Hunter, who retains a convincing air of secret knowledge, smiles enigmatically, makes enigmatic prophetic remarks and has a small spot formed on his face to give him a heavenly glow. The theme is supposed to be redemption. You could call it Donald Duck's version of "Hollywood goes moral and gets heavy". For more depth, Hitchcock's "I Confess", from 1953, shows how it should be done. On the other hand, this insignificant absurdity shows just how much the Meaning cabinets were stripped at Tinsel Town and that when they were looking for something that could mean something, all they could create was, you guessed it, more of tinsel.
