Author of numerous novels, plays and short stories, W. Somerset Maugham (1874-1965) was considered one of the greatest writers of the world during his lifetime and, although his reputation has faded over the years, his work continues to inspire respect and the general reading public. Published in 1944, THE RAZOR'S EDGE tells the story of a veteran of the First World War whose search for spiritual enlightenment goes against the superficial Western values. It was Maugham's last major novel - and he was immensely popular. Since the novel's conflicts are internalized spiritual and philosophical issues, it was also an extremely strange choice for a film version - but Darryl F. Zannuck of 20th Century Fox fell in love with the book and is screamed the rights of the screen soon after its publication. <br /> <br /> According to the film legend, THE RAZOR'S EDGE was to be directed by the legendary George Cukor from a script by Maugham himself - and it looks like Maugham wrote an adaptation. In the production of the film, however, Cukor was replaced by Edmund Goulding, a director less known for his artistic touch than for his artistic style, and Maugham's screenplay was replaced by a script by Lamar Trotti, author of memorable scripts such as THE OXBOW INCIDENT. Tyrone Power, recently returned from military service during the Second World War, was chosen to interpret the spiritual conflict with Larry Darrell; Gene Tierney, one of the great beauties of her time, was chosen to be one of the socialites Isabell Bradley. Herbert Marshall, Anne Baxter, Clifton Webb, Lucille Watson and Elsa Lanchester are among the main actors. The budget and filming schedule was sumptuous and when the film debuted in 1946, it won the admiration of the public and critics. <br /> <br /> But time puts things in perspective. Seen nowadays, THE RAZOR'S EDGE is a film superbly produced - but, besides what one can say of better, it is that it reaches a rather consistent mediocrity. As in most cases, the major problem is the script. Although he is quite close to Maugham's novel in terms of plot, he is obviously irrelevant in terms of character and he fails to grasp the fundamental problems that animate the story. We are told that Larry is in search of enlightenment; we are told that he receives it; we are told that he is acting on it - but despite the occasional and largely superficial comment, we are never really aware of the spiritual, artistic, philosophical and intellectual processes behind it. Above all, we are not told anything important about the very nature of enlightenment. This has the effect of cutting the story on your knees. <br /> <br /> All we have left is the shell of Maugham's plot, centered on the relationship between Larry and Isabell, a woman Larry loves but leaves because of the growing ideological riff that opens between them . Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney were better known for physical beauty than for talent, but they could both perform well if they had solid performance and scripting support. Unfortunately, this does not happen here; they are extremely one-note and Power is badly mixed to get started. Fortunately, the distribution is pretty good, especially with Herbert Marshall, Clifton Webb and Lucille Watson; The then famous performance of Anne Baxter was however not carried as well as hoped. <br /> <br /> With a duration of just under two and a half hours, the film also seems unnecessarily long. There are apparently endless jokes of the cocktail type, and the whole sequence in India (which reads slightly hilariously) would have been better cut - a strange situation, because it is the very sequence that is supposed to be the crux of the entire movie. Regardless of the scene in question, everything seems to go so to speak without continuation. <br /> <br /> As for the DVD itself, the movie has not been remastered, but the impression is extremely good and the bonus package is not particularly memorable, nor is it mediocre. In the end, I give THE RAZOR'S EDGE four stars for the values ​​of production and the willingness of everyone to take the film in hand - but frankly, this film is a best film for fans of Power and Tierney, who will appreciate for stars and those whose ideas on spiritual enlightenment are as vague as the film itself. <br /> <br /> GFT, Amazon Reviewer
