What if Somerset Maugham wrote a novel about a coal miner who decided to seek transcendental enlightenment when trying to join a national club? If he had had it, he could have called it the razor's edge, since the Katha-Upanishad tells us: "The edge of a razor is difficult to pass, so the wise say they the path of salvation is difficult." But Maugham has decided to stay with the well-educated class, so we have Larry Darrell's version of Darryl F. Zanuck, recently returned from World War I, neat, well connected in society, and determined to find himself in as a coal miner. <br /> <br /> Or, as Maugham tells us, "This is the young man I'm writing, he's not famous, maybe at the end of his life he's not more traces of his stay on this earth than a stone thrown into a river on the surface of the water. It is possible, however, that the way of life which he had chosen has an increasing influence on his so after his death, perhaps, one will realize that lived in this age a very remarkable creature. "<br /> <br /> The Razor's Edge has all Zanuck's cultural tastes that money could buy. It's so serious, so sincere ... so important. As Larry pursues his quest for wisdom, working in the mines, on merchant ships, climbing a Himalayan mountain to learn from a former sage, we have his selfish girlfriend, Isabel, played by Gene Tierney, his childhood friend. Tragic performed by Anne Baxter, the uncle in posh and flawless clothing of the girlfriend, played by Clifton Webb, and Willie Maugham himself, played by Herbert Marshall, taking notes. The film is so unbearably unsatisfactory about goodness that the only thing that makes it a little more enjoyable is Clifton Webb as Elliot Templeton. "If I live a hundred years, I will never understand how a young man can come to Paris without evening clothes." Webb has some good lines, but we end up enjoying Clifton Webb, not Elliot Templeton. <br /> <br /> Zanuck wanted a prestigious hit for Twentieth Century when he bought the rights to Maugham's novel. He waited a year until Tyrone Power was released from military service. He made sure that there were well-dressed extras, a partition that looked like a cathedral, and he even wrote some scenes himself. The effort is as self-conscious as a fat man wearing a rented tuxedo. Despite Hollywood's point of view on The Razor's Edge, I can tell you that for most people, hard work does not bring enlightenment, only lassitude and low wages. <br /> <br /> After almost two and a half hours, we see Larry carrying his travel bag aboard a steamer in the wind for the last time. He returns from Europe to America with a satisfied smile. "My dear," said Somerset Maugham to Isabel at the same time, in a richly decorated living room, "Larry has found what we all want and what very few of us have ever had, nobler, kinder to know him. You see, darling, goodness is after all the greatest force in the world ... and he has it! Larry and the audience both need a good dose of Dramamine. <br /> > Maugham, let's not forget, was an excellent writer of plays, novels, essays and short stories, and to see how the films could do him justice, look at how some of his stories were brought to the fore. screen in Encore, Trio and Quartet and instead of wasting time with Larry Darrell, spend time with Lawrence Durrell.The Alexandria Quartet is a good read.
