The summer of 1979, when this film was an essential part of this new film medium called HBO, was Gas Line Summer and the Iranian Crisis Crisis Summer. A mood shift was about to end low-budget cars and lonely cars, although "Smokey & the Bandit" has been filming for speed for Roadrunner animated film for several years . "Corvette Summer" is as weird as any previous movie like "Vanishing Point" or "Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry", though it's lighter and sexier than most others. Kenneth (Hamill), a young engineering engineer from high school, hitchhikes to Vegas in search of the car theft ring that tore his Shop Class masterpiece, an ultra-personalized Vette and driving on the right. In the spiritual limbo of the I-15 desert (see "Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas"), he rides in a custom van (yes, it was also the end of the craze for vans), played as a mobile and driven brothel. Vanessa (Potts), impetuous whiplash budding, goes to Sin City to prepare, finally, whatever the quality of his ambitious prostitutes. VANessa, understood? Kenneth, timid and innocent, is above his head in Las Vegas, with only his determination to be American and his new friend to help him, although the young call girl with hard contours is, of course, less world than it seems to be the first time. Why, at the age of "I'm a woman", Vanessa has invested her talents, her money and her future into the oldest profession but the least worthy of the world, say, in college or even hairdressing, can be explained by young men who would like to think that women at least consider the joys of this career. Remember the target audience, right? Hamill is a good choice for Kenneth white bread (the car does not even belong to him, but at his school), which will not be deterred by violence, money or even love - until he find out why the car was really stolen. Potts acts with style and energy, but Vanessa is too incredible to be bought by the most credulous testosterone machine. The bad guys are made incredibly human, especially by Brion James, always so good. But there is not much action and it is not the kind of film that can be carried by a dialogue, twists or heavy themes. You can still reach out, turn the dial on the TV and connect your console "Pong". Chris Mitchum's similar but nasty vehicle, "Stingray", which appeared at about the same time, was characterized by a role of lamer but by more skin, speed and chaos. The best features of each film could have produced a Vette movie that deserves to be remembered. Thus, the Trans Am remained at the head of the showroom of luxury cars. Another movie about forgotten cars reported from the weekend series of "Speed ​​Channel", Lost Drive-in.
