54 is a film about a club that bears this title in the context of the 70s. It features the beautiful classic bartender. Sexy females. The owner of high power. The party. When everything goes together, chaos will ensue and the bartender (played by Phillipe) will seem to be the hardest hit. <br /> <br /> I will be as direct and honest as possible, while avoiding any mistakes. unfair or false comments (like, it's an 'ok' movie). I really think it's a very terrible movie complimented by his casting. Whenever I sit down to watch a film cast Salma Hayek, I'm still waiting to see her beauty, expressed radiantly simultaneously with a great performance, but the reality invariably reminds me how abruptly she is totally devoid of talent. I mean, really, with what did she bequeath the mass, apart from her huge dance table in 'From Dusk Till Dawn' ...? It's the same for Ryan Phillippe, another mediocre actor who gives nothing on the screen, except for its beauty and its incredibly dull facade, also called "acting". Mike Myers, it's not as bad as those 2, it gives at least something worthy of the movie. Playing the shabby, extroverted co-founder of the 54 Club. The type that the majority of viewers would hate (that is, a job well done), he made a somewhat compelling performance that gave me a rare enjoyment of the film. But alas, it's not enough to save the film from its unfounded and flat nothingness. Most of the 'bad' bad movies I find in the movie, but it has nothing to do with it, really. Neve Campbell is not so bad, but she's right there. The story is dull, it seems that the writer was more inclined to make a film of this style and what he embellish and he forgot to add anything. Any sense. Any class. Nothing at all. Because, like most ornaments, they are just hollow objects with no purpose, that are just pretty to look at and that look a lot like the base of this disastrous film. <br /> <br /> I can really spend an hour and a half Better to do something much more exciting, like talking about the weather on the phone to 90-year-old parents.
