If, like me, you had reached your teenage years in the 70s, you will probably remember stories from Studio 54, whether you like disco or not. An exclusive club was the perfect symbol of 70s consumer abuse and self-absorption; there's even an excellent documentary on the club that could tell you everything you wanted to know about its hour of glory, and the stories are interesting enough to generate a very captivating film. <br /> Unfortunately, this is not the case. 54 follows the lives of some of his employees, a bartender named Shane (Ryan Phillippe), a busboy named Greg (Breckin Meyer), his wife, a girl in the locker room, Anita (Selma Hayek), and of course the ceremonies him -Even, Steve Rubell (Mike Meyers). Although the activities at the club are well represented, this film focuses more on the personal lives of workers, following closely the story of Shane. <br /> <br /> The film works in fragments. Sometimes it perfectly captures the shallow nature of night culture (as when Shane is taken to a dinner and does not know who is "Errol Flynt"), and other times he turns into a hokey melodrama. Part of that is inherent in the premise ?? follow the subordinates as they mingle with the world of the rich and the fabulous ?? but this is largely due to the treatment of children with the club and Rubell throughout the film. While Rubell has certainly electrified the New York scene with his penchant for the extravagant show and his exclusive selection of crowds every night, the drugs and sexuality that plague are only briefly mentioned; and Rubell himself, although his excesses are evoked, is strangely positive for a man who was a liar, a cheater, a drug addict and a crazy promiscor in life. I was not looking for the man to be pilloried here, but his ego directly contributed to the fall of his club and the decrease in night culture that he helped to raise. A last scene where he paternally observes the regulars is so false that it becomes absurd. <br /> <br /> Meyers does his best to capture Rubell, but he gives so little to work here that his performance is surprisingly effective; but he is good and helps to anchor the movie. Philippe, whom I generally consider a good actor, is paralyzed by the lack of depth and stupidity of his character; it is limited to a stag smile at the headlights or an incomprehensible frown, and even it can not translate that into a solid performance. Hayek and Meyer are well, again, undermined by writing, and Neve Campbell ?? prominently on the DVD sleeve? appears so briefly that she really has a long cameo. <br /> <br /> For whatever reason, I am always interested, if not fascinated, by the popular culture of the second half of the seventies. But even in this case, it's not a film that particularly interested me, despite a predisposition to love him. I would say that if this time, or this club, has any interest for you, find the special VH1 rather than this melodrama in the middle of the road.
