At first glance, Ruiz set out to do a psychological thriller. Although it is not as satisfying as a classic piece of this genre, there are compensations. The tensions generated between Huppert and Balibar as women, calm but calculating, are at war against a boy whom they both judge convincing. However, in a true European style of art house, Ruiz does not free us from this tension, because women also try to behave with compassion towards each other. The only raised voice is Huppert's awakening of a nightmare (undisputed irrational event in the film). <br /> <br /> In fact, if we follow the title, the film barely evokes the thriller skeleton that Jane Campion is in the cut. Instead, it is a gender-focused psychological study focusing on men. The boy, Camille (Nils Hugon), decides a joke, playing his mother against another emotionally vulnerable woman. The two women seem to bend to him rather than scold him and this aggravates the problem. In the background is an overactive psychologist (Charles Berling), quick to confront the women of his life - his sister Huppert, the nanny or his father - and thus acting as an adult symbolic counterweight to the, calm and (we learn) manipulator Camille. It is particularly interesting to note that, like the father of Henry James in "Le tour de vis", the father of law Denis Podalydes, the head of law enforcement, is absent for the duration of the film. Ruiz creates an Oedipal moment as a result of Huppert's reaction at the end of the film. <br /> <br /> Read like a thriller or a psychiatric test, this film is finally quite disappointing. I'm officially fed up with Ms. Huppert's screen method, which is overburdened. So I will look to see her on stage before returning to her films (European - Heaven's Gate). The support is good. Ruiz does not favor the cast though. Apart from poor lighting and deliberately strange shots, it seems that his direction has left the characterization quite out of reach - I am thinking in particular of the shamanic neighbor of Edith Scob to Isabelle, who acts knowingly but by communicating the confusion. The pieces of the board are not related to a forward driving plot - the tension I mentioned earlier is not only weakly dissipated, but lost in its directional potential. <br /> <br /> Want to see a good contemporary French thriller? Go see The Apartment instead. 4/10
