I absolutely despise this movie. No wonder José Larraz "disavowed it" at one point and refuses to discuss it. I admire Larraz's work, especially his more obscure and incredible thrillers like SAVAGE LUST or SCREAM AND DIE. His work presents a kind of unavoidable artifice that he can not seem to forget, partly because of his secondary career as a painter and draftsman. It's a pity he never made a West, his vision would have been perfect. <br /> <br /> BLACK CANDLES is without a doubt his most famous film and probably the best known after the masterpiece VAMPYRES. And his notoriety revolves around a scene where a satanic coven decrees a weird rite of extracting the reproductive fluid of a goat - symbolizing the Beast - as a kind of nauseating balm to use to prepare the person as a sister of a murdered man. his role as wife of Satan. The scene in question is staged quite convincingly, even without the display of the plumbing apparatus that the goat could have endowed, relying on the ridiculous actress recruited to play the supplicant in the ritual and many guttural songs the recycled musical score of the film heard in half a dozen films attributed to Jacinto Molina. The perverse nature of the scene is more implicit than shown in the graphic details, somewhat exacerbated by the belief that the said supplicant is actually the satanic priest's teenage daughter. My but they had fun to concoct this movie. <br /> <br /> The problem is that there is not much to deconstruct or contemplate apart from the derogatory story of ROSEMARY'S BABY of a woman being weaned in her role as Satan's fiancée by a sophisticated group of satanists living in Britain's far-flung lands. Led by the Eurohorror Helga Line sensation, these Satanists are made up of doctors, lawyers, land-based tycoons and other dignitaries of high society who owe their professional success to devil worship. All you have to do is sell your soul and the world can belong to you. Just pay attention to who you can sell to repay an insignificant personal conflict, otherwise you may end up with a sword. <br /> <br /> The film tries to combine this intoxicating satanic journey with images or a limited graphic sex, and must rightly be considered as a kind of summit or culmination of the Spanish thriller sex traditions and of horror popularized partly by Mr. Molina and Mrs. Line, and surprisingly blooming under the disapproving eye of a generalissimo Franco, the dictator who controlled Spain until 1976. During his stay, he decreed that the Spanish cinema had to be free of graphic depictions of sex on the screen. Spanish filmmakers have often made two versions of their films, one with hidden sex for their own screens and the other with fornication for export. As difficult as it was for filmmakers to express themselves, the result was a kind of interesting tension, which usually occurs when artists flirt with the forbidden: the Spanish horror of the 1970s has a very particular flavor that is in somehow an acquired taste. It's not for everyone. <br /> <br /> But in a strange turn of events, without Franco's influence on their culture, the horror of Spain was somewhat dried up in the late 1970s, when their Gothic castles and their demonic orgies were suddenly overwhelmed by new sensations like JAWS and the STAR WARS phenomenon. And without the constraints of Franco, they were suddenly overwhelmed by an avalanche of thrillers with obvious graphics, which erupted in the late 70s and early 80s, BLACK CANDLES is perhaps the best known because of its emphasis on sexual deviance with a barnyard animal. Larraz's great horror films have always revolved around sexual taboos (VAMPYRES 'lesbianism, the incest of SCREAM AND DIE & DEVIATION), but the depravity here has the effect of overshadowing the rest of the production. Nobody cares about anything other than the censored trip to the goat barn, and watching a cut version without the stage in the barn is almost a useless exercise. Sex is not graphic enough to be called porn and chills are not cold enough to be considered horror. <br /> <br /> BLACK CANDLES is therefore essentially a behavioral study - this is how the high society of British Satanists could behave in their isolated homes in the West Midlands or elsewhere. Between the scenes of sex, the actors / actresses sit down and discuss a lot. The best thing the film has for him is an undeniably oppressive atmosphere of claustrophobia, most of his actions taking place in the narrowly confined interiors of the mansion of Mrs. Line's character. Almost all the ways of fornication are evoked so that fans of soft-core sex scenes with an indication of supernatural horror are amused, and of course, proxy sex criminals among us will love to choke their chickens on the stage. stable of goats. But the movie's ultimate conclusion is stupid, pretentious, insulting to intelligence and probably perfect for an exercise as memorable as ever in applied applications. <br /> <br /> 2/10; Without the goat barn, this movie is just not the same, and with the stage, it's probably a bit too much for most viewers. Larraz was right to deny it.
