A remark to make: the fact that a film is foreign, obscure, and that Catherine Zeta-Jones does not mean that it is good. This is the case of "Blue Juice", a 1995 British film about an unlikely group of surf enthusiasts, in what might seem (for a stupid American, anyway) an even more unlikely place to find surfers: Cornwall, England. You might think that's what's good for a funny and offbeat comedy. If only. The film lasts a little over 90 minutes but it seems endless. The simplest way to describe it is a kind of '90's British version of' Grease 'without dance, but even that gives a better sound. No, the best way to take it is to live like a small slice of life in a small town. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Chloe, a young woman living with a surf instructor, JC (Sean Pertwee, you remember him). Pertwee is actually the star of the movie, and his character is a surf legend for a small group of surfing enthusiasts, the required group of free spirits who inevitably populate such films. In this case, it is a drug dealer who wants to become a journalist, a DJ disco who wants to be a record producer and a big nerdy guy who, in an unnecessarily prolonged scene, is stoned and loses all his inhibitions which of course, turns out to be the best thing that has happened to him. Honestly, I can not say that everything that happens in "Blue Juice" is predictable, because it takes place in a place and reflects the habits and customs that I do not know very well, but there is certainly nothing amazing or interesting happening there. with the characters. The comedy, however, is very predictable and tired. You can feel the scenery a kilometer away and almost recite the dialogue (in American form, of course) before the actors. The relationship between JC and Chloe is just as commonplace. She wants him to grow up; he wants them to remain impetuous teens that they began to be. He is afraid of losing face with his gang. she thinks he prefers them to her. You had the idea. As I struggled to stay focused on "Blue Juice," towards the end, I thought it was an hour and a half of my life that I would never come back.
