About five minutes, and I saw where it was heading. Schoolchildren get angry at the administration of the school and start thinking of a rebellion. I said to my girlfriend: if it goes below a 5 on IMDb, I'll go read a book. He had 5.0, so she persuaded me to keep watching. What are the good things? It's a good thing this film has no history, because you would probably be distracted by editing. It's like the drawing of the student who has been torn by one of the teachers. All the footage in this film was cut in an incredible accident involving a meat grinder. parts. Even in a ten-second scene of the local television news, there are about six cuts and three different angles. And then there are the montages. All this is set to electronic music, which warns you of another editing, so that, like Pavlov's dog, you start to crack every time you hear it, which corresponds to just about every three minutes. Oh, I had to say what's good with this movie. Well, the film was very well shot, with a nice color palette, that matched the emotional content - as there were - scenes. Okay, now with the major flaw of the movie, and it was not the story, or its absence. The director made the fatal mistake of going astray about people and situations, not by telling clever stories, but by being very selective about what to display about the main characters. It's just cheating. I guess he did it to make the central character more sympathetic. But it just became annoying. If the story is full of holes, there is no point in trying to correct it by misrepresenting the viewer. And often, there was not even a goal. And then the end. Basically, the main villain of peace turns out to be a good guy, so cowardly. In addition, it revolves around what seemed to be the film's interest, that you should defend a just cause, referring to the wrong direction already mentioned, and make a remark about the nature of the revolutions already made, and many better, by the animal farm. He also committed what I call the sin Bill Cosby: no matter how things may seem at the beginning, in the end, adults are always right and children are always wrong. And let's face it: unless you are me, it's just not true.
