Sammy Horn (Michael Des Barres) is the chef and owner of a famous restaurant in California. He has a lovely wife, Grace Horn (Rosanna Arquette), who is pregnant and a beautiful son of about five years old. Sammy loves his family, but like Dr. Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde, he leads a double life by having sex with many women. Ms. Jane Bordeaux (Nastassja Kinski) is trying to help her. OK, it's my fault: I read the summary of the other comments from the users of the IMDB, I saw the evaluation of the users of the IMDB, but I really did not think that Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski could participate in such a bad movie. I decided to check, and in fact, some comments are very complacent. The script, scenario and dialogues are so ridiculous and derisory that even in some X-rated movies, we can find smarter stories. Photography is so amateurish and naive that in some areas it seems to be taken with a VHS camcorder. Michael Des Barres does not have the sense of ridicule: to be an old bald man would be acceptable in a Viagra advertisement or the grandfather's little boy. But as an attractive man who gets and has sex with a woman, it's scary. In Wood Allen's comedy, he may have had his chance, but in a "serious" film, it's funny. I'm trying to understand why or how Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski have agreed to participate in such a horrible, amateur and trashy movie. Do they need money? Lack of chances in the best movies because of their age? Are they friends of the "director" (sorry to use this word) and have decided to help and promote it? I do not know if Rosanna Arquette's intention was to show her breasts full of silicone, but it is unacceptable that such a great actress accepts such a scenario. The same is applicable to the beautiful Nastassja Kinki. It is presented fat, without makeup, without glamor. A total lack of respect with one of the most beautiful actresses in the history of cinema. One fact really intrigues me: how can a reader, without any personal interest, promote this trash, give a higher rating or write favorable comments about this film? Are they friends of the "director" (again, I use that word ...) or the cast? It seems very strange to me that a normal IMDB reader can like such a movie. My vote is two. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): `Viciado Em Sexo '(` Addicted In Sex')
