This trash B movie tries to pretend to be a study of sexual addiction, but it is a poor excuse for a movie of sexual exploitation. The story revolves around Sammy Horn (subtle name) played by Michael Des Barres. Sammy is a conservator who has a helpless wife, Grace (Rosanna Arquette) and a young child. He has a sexual addiction and must have meaningless sex every five minutes with all the women in his field of vision who will agree (and of course, every woman on the planet finds him irresistible despite having look old enough to perceive social security). . <br /> <br /> The story is centered on a conversation with his therapist (Nastassja Kinski) where he describes each of his sexual exploits via a flashback. This is nothing more than a convenient starting point for a parade of serial sex acts, which consumes at least 75% of the time spent on the screen. <br /> <br /> It's hard to know where to start criticizing a film of this magnitude. Production values ​​are abominable. The film is shot in video with a look somewhere between a TV soap opera (at best) and an amateur porn movie shot in someone's garage. The staging of Joseph Brutsman is horrible with poor lighting, uninspired framing and bad acting. The scenario is tasteless and the dialogue insane and vulgar. <br /> <br /> Women are usually portrayed as sex-obsessed nymphomaniacs, waiting for an addict like Sammy to harass them while nurturing their insatiable appetite for impersonal copulation. . For example, Grace's sister indignantly tells Sammy that she knows that he is sleeping nearby and will inform his wife. Her answer to that is to throw her against the wall and rape her. About three seconds later, she has an epiphany and is instantly converted into one of her sexual disciples begging him to give her more. As they finish, Grace arrives and her sister says, "Oh, happy to see you, I have to go get Timmy" and mom's word about Sammy's indiscretions. The bond of loyalty has been sealed with a good rapture. No spoiler here because it is so typical of the obvious nature of the film that anyone who saw the first fifteen minutes could have predicted it. <br /> <br /> Sexual representations are all exaggerated, mechanical and so little simulated. that they are more comical than erotic. Most of them are finished with both participants fully clothed. The acting is miserable. Michael Des Barres shows the full depth of a puddle of rain. He really seems to get into the desecration and desecration of sex parties, but when it comes to playing with Arquette and Kinski, he is adrift. Rosanna Arquette is the closest to an actor in this film. She gives a bearable performance and looks really hurt when she finally discovers that her perfect husband is a lustful animal. Nastassja Kinski is far too compassionate as a therapist, but at least we have an acting role going on here. The rest of the cast is just a collection of raised doubles to which they give provocative lines such as "hit me harder, is that the best you can do?" and "Oh, my God? YES". <br /> <br /> This film is among the worst I've ever seen, a dubious distinction considering the thousands of movies I've watched. I gave him the very rare dishonor of evaluating him to 1/10. Do not be seen within three hours of any meal.
