You can not deny that we have an affinity for speed. That's why films like Fast and Furious, Dhoom, Rempit are designed to be broadcast to the satisfaction of the public, especially locals. We live on a tiny island and I do not see why, because of the relative efficiency of the transit system, most of us want to get into debt by having a set of 100% imposed wheels when they reach our coasts. the multitude of taxes and bills to pay on the farm. Not only that, high-end sports cars have already been criticized by a prominent politician in the north that they will never reach fourth gear for fear of reaching the sea. <br /> <br /> > And these films are relatively easy to achieve. Hot wheels and hot girls always go well together to target the required demographic group. For once, these plunging necklines that reveal a generous size and short skirts highlighting legs two meters long can not compete with the attention to the beautiful curves that exotic cars have in such films. Of course, there are some of us (ahem) who go so that sexists describe women as mere sexual objects (otherwise, explain why car shows come with tons of models, and such films can not However, they do not justify the type of collective orgasmic sighing when four-wheeled vehicles appear on the screen, even when they do nothing and they have everything interest in Park. The guy sitting next to me, I swear he wets his pants every appearance of his dream car or cars, and puts it even more cream when he hears these grunting motor grunts. <br /> <br /> So we have it, fan fans who have come in droves just to watch which of the latest cool cars are shown in the movie. With the Fast and the Furious franchise, Japanese models such as Evos and Skylines occupy a central place, just like the GT. Here, the Ford GT adopts a facade modification incredibly worthy of drool, even the latest models like the Ferrari Enzos, Porshe Carerra GT, Koenigsegg CCX and all cars that have wings for the doors. But seriously, I am wholeheartedly with cars whenever they are mercilessly destroyed, just for entertainment. I mean, these are quite acceptable and high-performance models that are at the top of the car, but because the one who financed the film had millions to blow, they do it because they can, <br /> <br /> There is no story in this movie. Redline, just excuses to put together a movie full of beauties (the cars) that can rip the tarmac in the most boring way possible, and with the usual pedal strokes (still the accelerator, you see, tapping the brake pedal equals blasphemy and does not earn you any respect), flying, shifting (always going up and not down), while making sure that the actors pretend to be the butts with an engine, growling and giving each other dirty looks. It's not very difficult for an actor and that's why we get the most lamentable performances in history, with replicas that seem to be written by middle school students. <br /> <br /> The heroine (yes, she said that the girls Natasha (Nadia Bjorlin, a very plasticky woman) is one of those million dollar finds - a girl looking like a model who is not afraid to get on all fours and dive into the oil, who has a racing pedigree in it and who plays with rock band singing songs whose lyrics are just ridiculous (each line has to do with cars and, when we sing love, we just have to chain these insinuations like shifting gear, lubricants and strolls.) Unwittingly presented to the illegal race by a gangsta called Infamous (Eddie Griffin), she is drawn into family quarrels involving a war veteran in Iraq resembling Leo DiCaprio and a shady and ladylike uncle who seems suspicious.All the rest, well, as I said, serves only as an excuse for the movie goes racing in race. <b r /> <br /> And it's almost always the same thing, because there's very little you can do to increase the tension. between race cars, especially if you know the race is rigged (for narrative reasons) and you can see the race result one kilometer from the finish line. While Fast and Furious had quite charismatic actors, and I'm going to put my head in the name by naming Paul Walker, Sun Kang, and of course, the star she created - Vin Diesel, Redline did not no, just pretty faces full of air unfortunately. It looks like a TV movie in its treatment, with a very tasteless opening sequence where there is a man, a car and a 105-minute race against time to get to Vegas. <br /> <br /> If this is not the case for cars, then this movie is really a junk with bad action, bad lines and bad action. Strictly for car fans, or those who love their movies with countless beauties full of beauty and makeup their bodies without any line of discussion.
