There's a scene in this film around 42 minutes that's one of the worst I've seen in a while. While F. Scott Fitzgerald (Gregory Peck) and Sheilah Graham (Deborah Kerr) bask on the beach, the situation is suddenly tensed and Sheilah begins to cry. She tells her lover about her sordid past. This "dramatic scene" becomes so terribly exaggerated and histrionic that I could not help but turn to my wife and explain to me how stupid it was ... while dramatic music was on television then that everything was happening in false crescendo. Nobody lives like this - no one. Now, I can not say how much of the rest of the film is true, but this particular moment was ridiculously bad and as fake as an $ 8 Rolex - and lets me assume that some of the other reviews were accurate - the movie is a lot of berth. However, I am not an expert on the lives of these two people and the Internet did not seem to clarify that either. <br /> <br /> Who were F. Scott Fitzgerald and Sheilah Graham and what was their relationship? What I know about Fitzgerald, however, seems different from what I saw in the movie. Was he the suave and honest man we initially see in the movie? Well, since he was married at the same time as he chased Graham and drank like a fish, I guess he was not. Was he as odious and rude as we will see later in the film? Maybe, but if it was so bad AND yet Mrs. Graham stayed with him, it makes her look like a complete model - not someone you'd like to see in a movie. And, if it were not, the film would do a disservice to his memory. Be that as it may, it has given rise to a painful and not particularly pleasant viewing experience. <br /> <br /> The whole film seems to be a story of two people who are not very friendly or in good health. In a somber and salacious way, some may find it very amusing, but most of them will surely see it as a train wreck with no surprises along the way! Unpleasant but with brilliant production values ​​(especially music, which was beautiful but well above), the question "why did they even choose to do this in the first place?". Bottom line - it's a pretty bad movie and probably not worth taking - even though, like me, you're a big fan of Gregory Peck.
