It is a budget film more important than usual for the Honda director of genre (with more elaborate sets) ?? although special effects still have this distinctive cheesiness (watch out for giant bats and exposed rodents). He also uses a surprising number of American actors: Joseph Cotten plays the visionary scientist who looks uncomfortable and fragile (but his character is supposed to be 204 years old!), An innocent Richard Jaeckel is the photographer hero, as chief villains, we get César Romero and Patricia Medina (both essentially campy). As I have often said, I grew up watching English-language films dubbed in Italian, but hearing Japanese actors from Hollywood is another thing! <br /> <br /> LATITUDE ZERO looks like a juvenile version of a typical Jules Verne adventure and is quite entertaining at this level; Indeed, it is preferable to the low variations of Honda on the formula of monsters on unleashing because of the picturesque charm inherent in the configuration in this case. The plot involves the kidnapping of a famous scientist by Romero ?? it was destined to establish itself in Cotten's state-of-the-art underwater city (in which the greatest minds of the world are recruited). We are treated with a lot of silly battles between rival submarines, but the most fun scenes are certainly the raid on Romero's cave ?? In fact, Cotten doing somersaults and pushing men in rubber gear (via flames and a laser emitted by his glove!) Must surely count as the nadir of his acting career; The other elder of the cast, Romero, is rather in his element ?? after all, he had been the Joker in the TV series BATMAN and in the film of the 1960s! Cotten has a blond doctor slightly dressed in his team and is assisted by an imposing Asian; Romero, on the other hand, is flanked by an Oriental femme fatale ?? who, however, ends up getting a rough contract for her efforts (the girl's brain is finally transplanted into a hybrid of lion and condor, which is among the creatures looking the quietest you've seen!) . Apparently, a set of 2 discs of it from Media Blasters streets on this very day !!
