Fortunately, I did not pay to see this movie. In addition, I can not even reveal spoilers because I voluntarily came out after forty minutes of the movie. It was so bad. I laughed once, when Yahoo! The billboard fell on the guy, and the theme song started. However, it was only because I thought it was to make fun of me, but then I realized that it was still ANOTHER product placement. <br /> <br /> I loved the cartoon. I watched him almost religiously. (Although I missed the last episode, I heard that they were showing Dr. Claw and it was nothing more than a claw, someone comments on the show's page) cartoon had Penny and Brain a lot more than the movie, at this point. I hated the configuration of the set, reminding Robocop. Then, Broderick imbibes Inspector Gadget. He is not as clumsy as the cartoon. Another fact is that his gadgets really work to the point that I've seen, with the exception of the oil spill. He also screwed with the tone of "Wowsers" who was in an excited tone. I felt so disappointed that they slaughtered the drawing so terribly. Everyone else felt like that too. We, the 14-17 year olds, remember drawing with passion and we loved every minute. <br /> <br /> I entered the film with an open mind, knowing that they would have screwed it up. I was surprised how much the movie was delayed. He leaned on gags and silly dialogues for humor. Disney relies on pain and physical humor to advance a children's movie. Product placement is useless in this movie, and it shows. The car's crispy is not very good to crack wise. The gadgets look nice, but they were almost too bright. The cartoon was a better look. The stupid scenes were shit. In the next 40 to 45 minutes, I watched the movie, no laugh was heard and laughed at the Dudley-Do-Right preview. This film should not be watched by people who want intelligence in their family time. I highly recommend "The Iron Giant", which was sad but very very good. This film is a parody of the entire family drama .------------ 1
