You may want to know from the start that I'm not Mormon, unlike many who have watched this movie before. I mention it so that you understand that the way I look at the film can be very different from the way of faith. For some, criticizing the film might be perceived as critical of faith - and it is NOT my intention. So my criticism is that of a stranger who seeks to look inward and find out more about who this man and his people are. Well, after watching the movie, I doubt I learned a lot. Since becoming a history teacher, I have a good understanding of Young, Joseph Smith, and the teachings of the church. But anyone who really wants to see something from this movie will probably be disappointed, because the movie looks so great to say - too nice and too unrealistic in its portrait. Moreover, you learn practically nothing about the beliefs of the church, except that they are nice, work hard and that some have many wives (and this last part is only mentioned very little in the film ). Instead, people are almost like comics in their simplistic representations. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and their followers are angelic, the non-Mormons were all demons and Brian Donlevy (playing EXACTLY the same kind of role Edward Robinson later played in THE DIX COMMANDMENTS) is the troublemaker who claims Mormon but just so that the movie can have a bad guy. It's so simple ... too simple. A bit like an indoctrination film or an infomercial. <br /> <br /> Brigham Young was above all a very complex man - with lots of positives (excellent organizer and visionary) and bad (do not even start me his opinions on Blacks in the church or marriages mixed). To describe it so vaguely is simply idiotic. It also looks a lot like the way Gandhi was portrayed in the film with Ben Kingsley - only the facts that led him to be almost superhuman were emphasized. Heck, now that I think about it, is the problem with most religious movies - they often come across as one-dimensional, banal and bland. Let's have a fuller and more complete movie of these men - a film that will stick to facts and not to emotional calls. <br /> <br /> Now, if you can ignore the fact that you will not learn much about faith. or his second leader, the movie is pretty nice. It is obvious that someone from 20th Century-Fox really cared about the film because he had a wonderful cast of lead actors (Tyrone Power), emerging actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell and Vincent Price) and actors of wonderful characters (Dean Jagger, John Carradine and Brian Donlevy). The film also had beautiful shots and a lot of brilliance. He just did not have much to tell us except that they were all "swollen". Plus, there were a lot of factual errors and some stupid scenes. Among the mistakes are Young taking the helm immediately after the death of Joseph Smith (three years later), no mention of the different Mormon denominations and dissident groups, talking about "gold in California" - even though he was 1847 and gold will be discovered only in 1948, as well as no specific mention of polygamy or Smith's many wives. In the most idiotic scenes, Carradine pulls out a pistol and wields it in the courtroom - and no one seems to care - even if it was a very hostile public! Do not you think at least that the judge would tell him to put it away and stop threatening it ?! <br /> <br /> One last comment. Do not repeat this movie, I repeat, when it airs on American Movie Classics (an excellent station that has sank a lot in recent years). Although I criticize the film because of its simplistic message, I was horrified by the total lack of respect for the station vis-à-vis the church and its traditions. What I mean is this. The film was punctuated with ads for penis enlargement formulas as well as tons of pop-ups (some announcing a show featuring the "sexiest cast"). Talk about being disrespectful and rude and I would be just as offended if they did it for another religious film. In doing so, they insult not only faith, but marginalize their market. After all, who hears about these things AND the life of Brigham Young ?! Is it a film, in this form, that you can show your children or recommend to others ?!
