Nahhh! Leila (Grace Mills) is a teenager inculcated in Satan (and LSD) by her archaeologist Richard. There is a neighborhood hippie demon cult that hangs out in the old, decrepit local castle, where Leila and Richard drink blood, drug, join sexual orgies, dance to lame psychedelic rock and take part in ceremonies. black mass where men wear pants, masks and capes and women do not wear anything at all. Unfortunately, these extracurricular activities left Leila open to the demonic possession of the dreaded "spirit of evil". Leila also comes from a damn family, which does not help either. His older brother, John, is a recluse who seems to be in love with him. His mother Patricia (Maria Perschy) is depressed because she thinks she is responsible for the father's death. To top it off, her sister (Maria Kosti) is a semi-pro slutty golfer named Debbie Gibson. There is a lot of staff hired to waste more time. Two maids (a girl who undresses a lot and an old woman who spies on everyone), as well as Udo (Luis Induni), a bald and voyeur who spies on Leila changing clothes, takes her Nude photo and sneaks into the pool house to take a sniff of her freshly used swimsuit. Oh yes and Borg, the German Shepherd pet. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy is the father Adrian Dunning, the dubious priest (zzzzz) who starts poking after John and Richard turn their heads. Leila tells him "They say I'm pervert and I'm going to prove it's true!" At her birthday party, she tells her guests, "You make me sick, I hate you all!" and when mom suggests bringing in a doctor, she yells, "I do not want to see that big ass!" Debbie suggests that they hire Leila in a "sanitory", but Leila runs away and joins the cult again. She is saved (again) and brought home (for the third time). <br /> <br /> At this stage of the film, there are only about ten minutes left and all we have seen, in reality, is very boring scenes of characters who are talking and lamenting how terrible their lives are and how leila acts oddly. It's almost as distressing to miss an Andy Milligan movie, less gore and laughter. But finally, in the last few minutes, we get the movie that the title implies - a movie of possession resembling EXORCIST. Unfortunately, the contact lenses that Leila wears are the best asset. Cheap time-lapse cuts appear on her arms, legs and face, her lips are soft and her eyes look like blue and white marbles. She begins to smell rotten flesh, spits a clear gunk, starts talking in the voice of her dead father, sneaks into her mother's room, slaps her a bit and calls her "a dirty bitch". Then comes Father Adrian, who thinks he is finally possessed, repels his attempts at seduction, hallucinates frogs and eels in the kitchen and extinguishes Leila with holy water. The doors open and close, a mirror breaks, there is a thunderclap and its bed rises to the ground. After she attacked Dunning and the two people hurtled down the stairs, her mind came out of her and - guess who? Why, Borg the dog of the family! The demon dog then turns to Adrian and chews him a little before he impales him on a poker. Then we get one of the last most irritating shots ever made in a movie. It's Leila on the floor that goes from her ugly appearance to her sexy physique. But then there is ANOTHER time-lapse effect that seems to somehow suggest that the demon may have reinstated his body. It's so bad that you really do not know what to do, which is a last slap for all those who have just realized that they lost an hour and a half on this worthless POS. <br /> <br /> Screw the contacts, it is 1 in 10.
