... You can not push her away because she is old; and if you were charitable, you might say that the heavy step with which she walks is not really her fault. Nevertheless, in these circumstances, it is often difficult not to get upset when you find yourself dragging your heels in its wake. So with "The Pallbearer", an attempt to do something "different" with a romantic comedy that, in this way, is mostly paralyzed by the fact that the place is completely wrong; a bit like showing off your breakdance skills at a grandparent's funeral. <br /> <br /> Extend the metaphor even more (perhaps wrongly!); Like the old lady, one begins to feel with the installation of the film that his disappearance can not be very far. Indeed, this "death" is terribly long, slowly destroying our reserves of empathy in small increments, because we come to the conclusion that the procedure only goes in one direction: Descent. One can see his painstaking attempts at humor one kilometer away - again, a bit like the inevitable fatality of death! <br /> <br /> Go back to the image of "dragging heels" again, the main character, Tom, is shown to repeat this action over and over again throughout his life. If there are indeed degrees of "pathetic", this sap may still be a few steps ahead of the other role - more famous - of Schwimmer. To find yourself in the uncomfortable position of having to align the audience's sympathy with a character even more "helpless" than Ross is certainly a difficult task, even for a comedian as capable as Schwimmer, but I suppose he can blame himself for even. turning to situations that "resonate" seriously in the first place. <br /> <br /> How will he escape his most famous representation if he chooses scripts where the characters could almost be "interchangeable", even if the situations are not a man with a crush for the long-time high school on someone he has not seen in years. Sounds familiar ...? Paltrow is nothing if she is not bland in her role of "Rachel", but all that would be forgivable if the notable differences present were not so incongruous. Unfortunately, the romantic element is so worn that it is worn, and the "background" is so inappropriate that it seems that the best way to describe the resulting film is a bit "stiff" ...! 2/10.
