I am amazed by the amount of praise that other commentators are devoting to this film. For me, it was rather a disappointment, especially the combination of historical facts, fantasies and internal agitation of the main character does not work at all (in the book Vonnegut, Slaughterhouse Five and even in the adaptation of George Roy Hill on the screen, it works). Credibility is often overloaded. Too many questions remain unanswered. Have I forgotten some central points? Or did I fail to locate the lines supposed to connect the dots? <br /> <br /> A boy named Campbell, Jr., grows up in upstate New York. At home, his father has many technical papers and a book. It contains photographs of piles of corpses. The boy flips through the book, his father does not like it. What should this tell me? The family is moving from upstate New York to Berlin. STROKE. It is 1938, the boy is a married man in Berlin and a playwright. What kind of pieces does he write? In which language? Is he successful? His wife is an actress and looks glamorous. The parents return to the United States and invite their son to do the same. He does not do. Why? Because he grew up in Germany, he feels more German than American? Because he succeeds? Because his wife is? Because he loves his life there? Because he likes the Nazis? Because he's just lazy and does not like change? Do not ask me. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the man does not care, is not interested in politics, is a kind of existentialist. He declares that he is deeply in love with his wife. He speaks of his Republic of the Two (which means he and his wife). There is little or no evidence proving his love for his wife in the film, it seems even more like a Republic of one. <br /> <br /> At the request of a US agent, Campbell, Jr., agrees to broadcast the anti-Semitic Nazi hate propaganda intended for American listeners is a means of transmitting encrypted messages to US authorities who read between the lines. The crucial meeting with the agent on a Berlin park bench is short, unenthusiastic and anti-competitive, the decision to play plays quite easily without any explanation, the rise of the broadcaster seems to run smoothly and apparently fast. <br /> <br /> So now we have Campbell, Jr., appearing on the air as the last free American. The system of transmitting secret messages is quite realistic and exciting - although one wonders what happened when Campbell, Jr., had to really and honestly cough, nod, etc. (he had to scramble the messages terribly). Anyway, the Nazis lose, their wife dies (tour in Crimea for German troops - I never heard that such tours actually took place on the German front lines during World War II), Campbell, Jr., declares that he goes to the Russian front but does not surrender, is captured by an American soldier who recognizes his cup (why?), Is dragged on a tourist tour to Auschwitz, is then released and reinstalled with the help of Agent Crucial somewhere in New York City. <br /> <br /> And that's where the story really begins <br /> <br /> BANG. From now on, it's like news from Paul Auster. We are in 1961, Campbell, Jr., lives in New York as a suburb and mourns the loss of his wife. Nobody really cares - or do they? Yes, somehow, and his neighbors offer some kind of distraction. Survivors of Auschwitz. A painter. Some American supremacists "discover" him and want him to be their figurehead. They even find his wife presumed dead for him, or is she his wife? Anyway, in the end, Campbell, Jr., goes to the Israeli consulate, and they make him compulsorily undergo the treatment of great war criminal and place him in the cell adjacent to that of Adolf Eichmann. writes his story of life and, once this task is over, clings to the ribbons of the typewriter without getting bogged down. br /> Although I know that there must be a problem of guilt and loss, I had the impression that the main character is a person who is always indifferent to everything and barely able to love from whom whatever. found it difficult to sympathize with this loser who mourns his loss. Surprisingly, many critics have focused on his potential war hero status, having put his reputation on the line to play the latest American. I guess it would have taken a long time. courage. In fact, however, the film suggests that by accepting the mission, Campbell created a win-win situation because he would have been politically on the side of security, regardless of the winner of the war. The danger that it is discovered never appears during the first part of the story. <br /> <br /> One could argue that this whole story is a dream dream and that no one should worry about the historical accuracy or the logical development of the story that explains everything. But even then, I do not think it makes sense, mainly because the love story in the Republic of Two is completely flat. It's a shame, especially considering that the wife was played by Sheryl Lee, a talented, versatile and sensual actress. She has too little time on the screen and is forced to use a silly German accent. Another somewhat neglected aspect concerns the different texts (confession, broadcast and hidden messages), but I suppose this is largely infiltrable. Maybe I should give the book a chance.
