I will make sure that the review of this program is as brief as possible. Jump. Small budget, not funny, ugly scenario. Do not act as bad as writing, but always bad. That's all you need to know, but I will continue in the interest of writing more than necessary. <br /> <br /> This is a film with three segments, each parodying another type of film. A MUCH more funny movie with this same idea is "Movie Movie", with George C. Scott. Very obscure, but deserves to be sought. MM parodied the films of the 1930s and did so with elegance, precision and dry wit. <br /> <br /> This movie did not do it. He parodies three types of films, supposedly from the late '70s and early' 80s, but he parodies movies I've (almost) never heard of. The first is, I suppose, a parody of "Kramer vs. Kramer", in a way. Peter Reigert does his best with a very bad script. The second is a parody of, I do not know what ... a novel by Danielle Steele? I mean, you could see a story like this on TV for life, but in a movie theater? I mean, I remember the 70s, I was there. It's a parody of the soap-opera type about an attractive young woman who falls asleep to gain power. These kinds of things usually mess up on their own, so I do not see why it's even necessary. <br /> <br /> We are on a bit easier ground with the third segment, "The Municipalians", which parodies the cop movies. I noticed elements of "The New Centurians" and "Dirty Harry", both almost 10 years old when the film was made. Yes, kind and current. Robby Benson plays the young idealist rookie (Wimpy) while Richard Widmark plays the grizzled veteran policeman who drinks whiskey in the police car (oh! Stop! By my side, irreverent!) Note that this was the first movie after " Animal House "to bear the name" National Lampoon ". Sensational. To spend five years from this classic film to this pile of dung is no less shocking. I could talk for hours about the sad decline that has caused one of the most innovative and original voices of American humor (which would be National Lampoon, the original magazine for about 10 years or so) to sell and get started a long and slow slide into a shitty world, where the magazine has now disappeared and it only exists under a brand name to slap "comic" low budget movies for a fee. Yet another reason why capitalism (and cocaine) fears so badly. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this movie is a real blow. Do not lose your 90 minutes. I want mine in return. On the positive side, Fred Willard is in the game!
