I laughed a few times during this movie. I laughed with laughter during the notarization of the handover by the margarine company (pun intended). <br /> <br /> There are three segments in this movie. The first is supposed to be a parody of "women's" movies growing up and launching a career. "The Tampax® box was the funniest thing in this segment, and most of the cast members are not listed here on IMDb. lucky few people will be able to connect this thing to the ruin of their acting career. <br /> <br /> The second segment is a parody of "sharkish woman who sleeps to the top and takes control of industry "Robert Culp had several fun moments, all in physical mood, including the aforementioned transfer.After the death of his character, the segment sinks lower and lower while Dominique Corsaire rises more As soon as she became first lady, I wanted to rip the cable from the TV and watch "snow." I switched to Pakistani music videos instead, I do not understand Urdu, nor the language in which the videos are presented. even better than listening to dialogue in this painfully boring "story". <br /> <br /> Then come the "municipalities" with the * big * stars, half on the screen for less than a minute: Elisha Cook, Jr., Christopher Lloyd, Rhea Perlman, Henny Youngman, Julie Kavner, Richard Widmark and ... * Robby Benson *. It's supposed to be a parody of "Teams of young cops with older police and drug addicts who need retirement movies * badly * .The horizontal flash bar on the police car is very impressive. to see old RTD buses, a Shell gas station sign and an American Savings sign - there's none anymore. "Nagurski" Never stop me where you're going to get out of the car "made me smile momentarily Then they discuss the boredom of the young policeman Many come and go on how boring It was as boring as this description of his boredom Nagurski's Law Number Four, "Never enter in a music store cut with an acetylene torch ", made me think that the music store is a real business on the same site given by the dispatcher.Thinking of this was more interesting than the installation of the gag that has followed by young Falc one (Benson) gets shot. A lot. He becomes a hardened cop like Nagurski. The segment continues. Again and again. And on. It will not stop. No matter how many times you want him to "die" already, the process will continue unabated. It's not. It goes on and on ... Then, an episode of "Buffy against the vampires" that I saw four times already begins. Thank God! This abominable movie ended while I was going to get the mail.
