If the term itself had no geographical and semantic meaning, one could very well call "Ned Kelly" an "Australian Western". For the residents of Down Under, Ned Kelly was apparently a popular villain related to Robin Hood, Jesse James, Bonnie and Clyde, as well as Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid. A descendant of Irish immigrants, Kelly became a fugitive and an outlaw after being falsely accused of shooting at an Australian justice officer, a crime for which his equally innocent mother was put in prison . To recover from the abuse, Kelly, his brother Dan and two other companions have become notorious bank robbers. They captured the hearts of many people in the countryside while striking a blow for justice in a country where Irish immigrants were often treated with disrespect and contempt by those who ruled the country. <br /> <br /> Perhaps because we have encountered this "gentleman bandit" scenario many times in the past, "Ned Kelly" feels terribly familiar and unoriginal. pays tribute to a large number of stereotypes and clichés of the genre en route to the inevitable showdown. Ned is the type of lawbreaker at the heart of gold who kills only when he is forced to do so, and even then, only with the deepest regret. He also has the pulse of ordinary people, such as when, in the middle of a bank robbery, he hands a valuable watch to one of the clients, after one of his gang stole it lightly. What movie about this particular subject did not present a scene like that? Of course, it is acts of selective generosity like this that are worth to him the love and the respect of all the small people who secretly admire anyone who can get away without sticking to the powers in place and to the status quo. Geoffrey Rush plays the role of law enforcement which is at a personal disadvantage in the resolution of this troublemaker who is quick to strive to improve the institution. There is even the inevitable episode in which one of the women in detention goes to the next room and sleeps with one of the thieves. She is excited by the romantic ride of the criminal lifestyle. And the film is riddled with scenes after another. <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger fails to stand out in the leading role and provides little substance to make his character interesting or engaging. This does not help that he has been forced to provide a voiceover narration that emphasizes the moralistic and pretentious character and film character. <br /> <br /> "Ned Kelly" could be used for something Like a lesson in Australian history, but as entertainment, it's still the same old story told with different accents.
