I had heard about bad things about Cabin Fever almost as much as I heard the hype about sectarianism. This is the first film of the new impresario Eli Roth. This is a disappointing effort, with IQ points decreasing as the movie progresses. There are worse movies, and certainly more bloody movies (although I'm not sure how the hype has become so important in the blood count for Hostel, there's a lot for the genre fans right here). The premise is not necessarily bad either: the children go to a hut to party for a week, only to meet a very sick man, covered with blood, they burned in panic. He ends up dead in the water that feeds the tank and soon all the characters succumb in one way or another to the virus devouring flesh. The characters, the main students (including Rider Strong as a hero and James DiBello as a disgusting sidebar), or the inhabitants of the "village" that supports them, are archetypes to the point of inertia, if it is painfully. <br /> <br /> While meeting their destiny, the inhabitants of the city become very strange and it seems that it is not supposed to be thrown together without many laughs; "Pancakes kid" comes from nowhere, and maybe it would have been funnier in another movie or alone, but in the rest of the movie, it just does not work. There is also a young policeman even more stupid and less convincing than the others. And the family who attacks DiBello after an incident has opportunities that are not realized. But all this time, Roth is frantically displaying his text out of the window and sudden fears and fears with people gorging each other on blood and a killer dog walking around. Which is not everything for not either. Now, unlike the small Troma horror movies or even the youngest of the '70s or' 80s - for which I'm sure Roth is an unconditional fan - he does not make it unassailable. It is also wise to have no explanation about the origin of the virus. <br /> <br /> But unlike these films too, he does not really have a good idea of ​​what makes the times so great for campers. Of course, his film tries to do it, and once or twice, it makes it a silly and bloody time (I liked the random rabbit that Strong sees while he's on the lawn). He is not even very badly filmed most of the time (although with his own artificial style choices like a red hue on the lens or this story with the bowling alley worker). It simply contains a lot of illogical scenarios and choices made (shave your legs with a deadly virus, huh), and aims at a fairly typical terrain. If it's your cup of tea, you'll have more power. But in the end, I found that it was a non-exceptional genre territory, which did not offend the sensibilities of the public, but did not let itself be carried away by an ingenious film B. Roth also has the temerity to finish the film on a real note of "what the heck" while the clerk of the bearded Santa Claus convenience store earlier in the film serves a group of blacks. It could work if he added something better or dropped it completely. The same could be said for many of the film. C-
