The premises of Cabin Fever begin as if they could have something to offer. A group of teenagers after the finals (in the fall?) Goes to a cottage in the woods, where they are attacked one by one by an invisible virus that devours the flesh. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the first paragraph is where all the distant elements of the movie quality stop. Cabin Fever is little more than college kids looking for sex, alcohol, nonstop chats and the amount of F-bombs they can pierce in 1:40 minutes or whatever the duration of the mess. <br /> <br /> Children act and react stupidly to everything around them. One of them discovers, for example, that the skin virus has infected her legs, so what does she do? She continues to shave her legs, not taking proper medical care for her injuries. The scene is a little more than a rude one. In another scene, Rider Strong of "Boy Meets World" is bitten by a child who only says "Pancakes" and likes to karate those who sit next to him. If you could understand why the "Pancakes" kid was included, I'd like to know. Anyway, Rider caresses a wild dog and goes to wash his hands bitten in a stream probably contaminated. Another child likes to drop bombs when he reacts to everything around him and shoots squirrels. Why? Your proposal is as good as mine! <br /> <br /> Rider Strong is the ONLY child recognized in this film. He tries to calm people between yelling and screaming and F *** Y **! bombs that people throw. When children do not scream, they have discussions or talk about sex or talk nonsense to other adult characters who ARE EVEN MORE (if that's possible) silly than kids! The fool policeman with an IQ of 60 at best is perhaps one of the worst acting games I have ever seen in a movie. You talk about people who do not play with a complete game, this dork does not even know how to find the cards! LOL! I was like, "Would you please shut up already ?!" It makes children look like genies! The only part I liked was Rider's scary story (though bloody) about the disturbed bowling guy. In interviews, Rider said he had a lot of respect for the director Eli Roth. But the problem is that Mr. Roth seems little more than shocked and bloody. There are far too many negatives in this movie for Mr. Roth to get any merit. I wish I could agree with Rider and find something nice about this movie. Maybe the early autumn landscape? In fact, Rider Strong JUST records this movie as a 1! If all goes well, he was compensated for this junk!
