I do not really know if Cabin Fever is supposed to be a joke or a movie ... But as far as I know, it's a lot more of a joke than anything else. A few years ago, the community of horror filmmakers decided to take another step and make fun of the genre, giving birth to the Scream series. A list was given in Scream, of all the stupid things that horror movie characters will do that are predictable, and Scream characters ended up doing exactly the same things, which added a lot of humor and irony to this kind of analysis. leads to hope that horror films will now show a little different, either full of irony towards the genre, self-mockery of the film itself, or at least different in their dramatic process than any "old" films that met the same tired criteria. Alas, seeing "Cabin Fever", many will see how some so-called "scary" movies are now not serious, pretentious, boring and even scary, even a few years later. First of all, this film lacks originality like few others. It has been said many times that horror directors have little imagination today to remake remakes of foreign suites, but placing the film in a cabin in the woods does not seem to be a "tribute" to what whatever, it seems to be, quite simply, a scam. Anyone who wants to be surprised by other factors in the story of the film will not be: again, we are dealing with a movie whose characters are in their twenties, who will not think rationally when they will face a problem instead, argue for hours and pick up fights rather than trying to think and do something about it. Not much excitement there either. For the umpteenth time in a horror movie, they are tempted to kiss, make love and have fun, many things that do not really differentiate them from other horror film victims seen before. Second, this movie is incredibly serious. Each situation in which the characters are, each dialogue, each situation in the film is treated with such seriousness that any spectator with a slight sense of derision will be relieved when some characters will eventually die. Nothing in the way the film is directed, written or played shows any sign of humor or sarcasm, which is quite amazing given that the film is about an invisible virus, never heard of a virus that devours flesh. before (no laughing please). I will not even talk about acting, since there is no actor in this movie. The cast was most certainly hired to be friends or neighbors of the director. Third, and it will hit anyone who has ever seen a "good" horror movie, the script is absolutely empty. Nothing really happens, some actions are repeated several times ("try to get help!"), Nothing makes sense, neither in the facts, nor in the psychology of the characters, nor even in the last hilarious sequence of the film, which is probably supposed to be funny according to the director and the writers. In the end, I'll just point out that a horror movie is supposed to have something scary. Gallons of fake blood, whether thrown up, thrown off limbs or simply dripping with wounds, were never enough to frighten an audience. Elements such as scenario, ideas and even cruelty are required of anyone who claims to have pulled something scary. If I did not consider it a total failure, I would accept to acknowledge that the film has a talent: it's disgusting to watch. Still, being disgusted and scared are two very different feelings, let it know. <br /> <br /> I would like to encourage anyone who is curious or interested in this film to first watch the major horror movies, why not in the 60s, 70s, 80s, the movies of Wes Craven, Dario Argento, Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch, Roger Corman, William Lustig, John Carpenter ... this could not only give a good definition of What's scary, or self-derogatory horror, but also convince viewers that "new "is not necessarily" better ". A good example in connection with the film is the few songs that the composer Angelo Badalamenti provided for this film, even though they are indisputably close to his previous compositions, they are inferior to anything he has ever done before.
