Anyone who has read my commentary on Uwe Boll's "Alone In The Dark" will remember that I compared the unenviable task of witnessing through this piece of human loss the loss of each hair on the arm. Well, let's take this analogy a step further with this irretrievable gutter bin and try to imagine the pain of having your teeth removed without novacaine. Do this, and you will have a general idea of ​​what Eli Roth's "Cabin Fever" is. <br /> <br /> I had never thought that a single film would be able to overcome the distressing chaos that Uwe Boll is launching. like the "worst film ever made." But, in all honesty, I must say that "Cabin Fever" is very close. This is another sad excuse for a film that had absolutely no valid reason to encounter a form of theatrical release. For those who claim to love the horror genre as much as Eli Roth, he has created the most boring and complicated patchwork of a movie I have ever seen in my life. How to screw up a story like this? Think of the potential that this plot would have had without the badly written characters, without the bad writing and without this useless and not funny comedy. A movie about a grotesque flesh-eating virus could and should have been so much better than Roth told us here. This script failed on many levels with me. And, although I do not doubt the obvious talent that this director has, I know he groped the ball for an idea that could very well have redefined the genre of horror. <br /> <br /> To say that it was a production of missed opportunities would indeed be a foul word game. A generous amount of blood and disturbing special effects can not even save him, and this is one of my usual elements. There was nothing really "Cabin Fever" that I could easily recommend to anyone. When three-quarters of the crowd comes out of the theater halfway, you know the movie is sinking fast. The best advice I can give anyone who reads this text would be to simply rent before buying. One view was more than enough for me to know that I probably will never do it again.
