Those of you who, like me, were disappointed with the 1995 horror thread, "The Fear" will find something to be disappointed with this stupid little suite. It looks a bit like a similar plot, but it's impossible to connect to the original except for the presence of Morty, the wooden mannequin monster. Here is a brief overview. <br /> <br /> Twenty years after Mike Hawthorne (Gordon Currie, in a decent performance) saw his father brutally murdering his mother and then committing suicide, Mike continues to fear that day. In the hope of dispelling his fear, Mike takes his girlfriend and a group of friends to his grandparents' home. His plan is for everyone to dress in costumes that represent their fears, then present their fears to the model Morty. According to an Indian friend, this process is supposed to dispel fear by magic. What Mike does not know is that Morty is possessed by his father's mind and starts killing friends ... or is it really Mike himself killing? Who cares? <br /> <br /> Has some problems with this movie. The first is with Morty. I thought the original made Morty rather convincing. This time, it's painfully obvious that Morty is a man (actor Jon Fedele) in fake suit. This is especially evident in the first scenes, where Morty is still supposed to be inanimate, but if you look closely, you can see him blinking. Another problem is that most characters do not make enough effort. Some do, namely Betsy Palmer, of the famous Friday 13, which was excellent in this film. But most of them do not make the effort or have not had the chance. Finally, there are the killings. The first scenes involving ax murders were very convincing. In fact, when I saw them, I thought I had a good movie. When the second half of the movie arrives and the killings really begin, everything falls apart. The dead are either non-creative, invisible, or planned (a glimpse of the next scene as Currie has a power outage). A character dies at the end and no one, even the viewer, notices it. Although more characterization was needed early in the first half, it was not that bad. The second half was. I think the new director Chris Angel came to this point and really did not know how to shoot the violent scenes, so they turned out to be really sloppy and pedestrian. A stupid end does not help either. Therefore, unless you really like the original and like to remove bursts from your skin, you should probably skip "The Fear 2: Halloween Night". Zanatos score: 4 out of 10
