Attack Force has a horrible title, and we can almost certainly judge by its terrible cover, because the film is horrible! A mixture of intrigue, a hectic disorder and a horribly stagnant rhythm make the film difficult to watch from beginning to end. I succeeded and I am proud. As a fan of Seagal's work (mostly from his old days), it is painful to see him play in such guts. The last half-dozen True Seagal movies have stung a lot, but some of them had at least some redeeming features. The attacking force is a mess. From conception to delivery, this film has undergone many changes, from an extraterrestrial intrigue to the current film about a super addictive super drug, about to be unleashed on Romanians (the film has several decors, none of which are Romanian, look like Romania because they are in Romania!) populace. The film is glued together without much concern for the state of the original shooting scenario. The frames and the holes are in the film, that's for sure. This has also been a problem in Seagal's latest films, but the result has never been so boring. There is a whole plot about poisoned water supply with CTX (it's the cool name of drugs) that is never solved! <br /> <br /> Of course, in recent years, the plot has not been the main attraction of Seagal's gun, so the other departments, especially the action, have been subjected to a heavy charge. Before I consider the action, all the other departments are poor. The direction is bad, or perhaps better said, made to look poor. Who knows how director Michael Keusch originally planned this film? Between the end of his work, the covers of stuntman Tom Delmar and editing, a coherent author's vision is completely lost. The best way to describe the movie is that it's right everywhere in the shop! Cinematography is dull, causing almost sleep, while the buzzing score (which seems to have been produced on the cheapest synthesizer) does nothing to excite things. The actors too are poor, unable to save anything here. Seagal seems bored beyond recognition, and is doubled in much of the picture, clearly when the plot points are being changed. He looks tired and overweight, and lethargic, contrary to what has already been seen in the previous pictures (as remarkable as it was the main complaints of the latest Seagal pictures). Adam Croasdell is one of the villains, realizing a slimy British routine. It seems to be a return to the line of extraterrestrial intrigue, because it plays the inhuman role. It looks like a cross between a body thief and a vampire (ditto for the main villain played by a sexy girl who appears on occasion, pretending to wait for her husband? Dracula). <br /> <br /> Finally, the action. Well, it's poor. Badly designed, poorly shot. There is not much either, and there is even less Seagal. Stevo does not really do the double stunt here, because there is so much to do. There is even a long (boring and repetitive) action scene in the evening, which is interrupted from time to time with little touches from Seagal because obviously Seagal was not there during the shooting , and they wanted to see him appear in the movie. action scene. Seagal finally appears in person to shoot two guys at the head. Seagal has a producer credit here and a script credit, but as I understand it, the film has been changed behind his back to stay in the current state he is in. Seagal will apparently never work with these people again, nor with those of Castel Studio. horribly under-Nu-Image (that means something), material. <br /> <br /> All in all, it's an act to avoid if you're not a Seagal fan. Seagal fans can also rest assured knowing that the great man will probably not want to do anything so bad. Unfortunately, his next film that has already been shot, with the same people, promises to be even worse than that. *
