I rented it because I'm a little tired of the NBC programming of the 80s and apparently I saved myself a lot of money. I have nothing against any of the actors and for their credit they do a good job, but this show is flawed in relation to the principle. <br /> <br /> We have a character that does not look like anything. He is full of faults, not enlightened, and a complete fool in a good day. Yet the reason everyone should be concerned is simply not there. Although the creation of an American sitcom centered on a real idiot ball head is revolutionary and full of potential, it is simply not up to the show. Most of the supporting characters are not full characters, but rather sad punch bags that claim public empathy for a punch. As in any sitcom, these are the ones that are most normal for the audience, and in doing so, they deny the main character to such an extent that we see Bittinger be himself and hurt people and that they stay there just because .... Why? There is no reason. Any normal person would have simply left the abuse. Keeping them there for no real reason - even the incredible Joanna Cassidy in the very special episode of two-part abortion that poses big problems - is one of the elements where the series falls apart. Simply believe that people support this guy because we are told that he has a heart of gold does not match the reality of the situation. If anything, it's not even dramedy. This is a badly conceived, designed and executed premise that has had a few moments but has generally met the fate it deserved. Someone had the courage to go out and make a very good idea, but the execution is so random that it looks like a strangely scripted version of Jerry Springer's show where someone is being abused by this tyrant for whom we are supposed to be based we are told of. A show like this requires a skill that actors here could have easily provided, but they are not able to do it. And it's a fatal mistake that really killed the program. <br /> <br /> Tie yourself to a show in its infancy. Anyway, the show is worth seeing. But it was really wasted trying to target the stars, and the company was not what it could have been.
