Become the most expensive film in Finnish history, "Dark Floors" is a horror film with an extremely lynchian story, which tells a series of increasingly decrepit "Floors" (ironically enough) in an abandoned hospital, in which our protagonists are trapped. Led by an autistic girl and her father, who is disenchanted with the apparent lack of medical progress in the hospital at his daughter's house, goes to an elevator discussing the matter with one of the hospital's nurses. Accompanied by a safety officer, a businessman and an apparently intoxicated trampling, the group quickly finds the abandoned complex, but they are not alone. Directed by Pete Riski, of Finnish origin, best known for his work on television, "Dark Floors" is shot in English, mainly with the help of English actors, but includes the group probably the most famous of Finland , "Lordi" (winners of the Eurovision Song Contest 2006) themselves, that is to say in their monstrous costumes on stage, as the antagonists of the film, but despite all this razzmatazz, the production fails where it is the most necessary, to convince the public. <br /> <br /> Any movie whose main character is used the phrase "it's too quiet" is already engaged in a dubious way, and this horror influenced by Lordi does not break with this convention. In spite of all the good ideas that are incorporated into it, there are a handful of very mature clichés and, even worse, all that is interesting original is not sufficiently rich for it to resonate. At first, the concept of degrading soils is very disturbing and gives an inevitable impression of unhappiness, as the public is aware that people trapped in the hospital have to move further and further into the mud. However, there is not enough atmosphere created to scare and intimidate the public into a fear without knowing it. The viewer is aware that the trip will become more and more dangerous as the degenerate levels go from brilliant white to infernal black, but I do not think so. the characters are sufficiently aware of this fact to threaten it. In addition, the whole film that takes place in what is essentially its own bubble of time is again a very good editing, a concept little used in the horror genre, but the characters do not face the situation with enough fear and apprehension when they discover As a result, they continue their activity far too easily and without enough sincere concern for the idea to have a significance for the public. These good ideas are simply abandoned, as if the director and / or Mr. Lordi (who had many ideas used in the film) had these ideas, but could not agree or decide the best way to use them. and as such lose their purpose and point. <br /> <br /> Despite all the frustration, there is a lot of comedy, but not for the reasons that the creators would have hoped for. Too much is cliche, too much is recycled and too much, it's just ridiculous. Although Noah Huntley plays the lead amicably, the characters are just cardboard cut-outs stuck in the history of other films. We have a leading man who is doing everything possible to protect his daughter alongside a love that has grown awkwardly. Accompanying the "couple", we have the traditional black symbolic man as an uncompromising security guard, with countless clips for his handgun and an incredulous unbelieving businessman, searching for himself. Unfortunately, the worst is the introduction of Lordi's cast as night creatures that torment our wandering group of fringe, but not for them. What makes a scary horror film for the public is the fear of contextualizing it. "The Shining" is scary because it's a member of your own family chasing you, in "Dawn Of The Dead", it's our fear of each other and the primordial cannibalism and irrational thought patterns that have the zombies, in "Alien", the fear is explained, the creature is streamlined and in "Dark Floors", none of that. Maybe it's unfair to compare this production to these monoliths of that kind, but when you do, it shows that its color is fading and that its aggressors are no more than insane Klingons, where you can almost see the closure at zipper of the costumes they wear, without any accumulation "Whatever the atmosphere", "Lordi" is just not scary. <br /> <br /> It's infuriating, because we encourage all the underdogs and hope they're fine, you want the small productions say they can create the same quality of the film as "Hollywood "happens, like George A Romero, but it does not always materialize. I enjoyed the film and did not feel as though I had lost the 90 minutes I had just spent, but I felt filled with joy, as if nothing had happened to me. mattered or affected me unconsciously, emotionally or critically. I thought that the almost Lynchian story was a considerable advantage, but it disappeared into nothingness. Why did this happen? What does it mean? Will they go through all this again? Without the slightest idea of ​​what will happen, the film is simply confusing for the sole purpose of trying to be artistic. Was the entire sequence of events real or was it simply a dream sequence? Had the autistic girl watched the Eurovision Song Contest of 2006 and had she just had an extremely strange nightmare given her stress? Who knows? And unfortunately, I can not mobilize the necessary energy. "Dark Floors" is an exhilarating experience that, while offering a shallow superficial mark potential and at least a plethora of creative energies from Mr. Lordi, should perhaps consider working solo to fully develop his ideas. This is a program that fans of the band or genre should perhaps pursue, but will leave you confused because of not having enough light on the situation.
