Well, as far as credit is concerned (if we can say that there is one), Timothy Hines has managed to capture the original framework of H.G. Wells's remarkable novel. But other than that - well, call a cat a cat - it sucks big time. What Master Ed Wood could have done with the so-called $ 20 million budget! Timothy Hines really makes him look like Mr. Wood, who was an imperfect genius, the best filmmaker of all time. Special effects (I guess you would call them that) do not even live up to the standards of computer games. The acting is perhaps comparable to dinner theater and the accents are atrocious. At the risk of seeming offensive, much of the role of the main male characters is (in particular, poor Ogilvy), well, er ,. . . GAY! Poor Ogilvy marvels at the false English countryside by waving his white asbestos handkerchief as if it were heat-resistant armor. The Stormtroopers in "Star Wars" also had white and clean body armor, and it did not work either, they still exploded. Even when Ogilvy and Company gets fried by the "Heat Ray" (?) Martian, they steal and chew in some sort of strange dance, even when they are theoretically DEATH and reduced to skeletons, who persist in an unseemly dance and get themselves twisting. Maybe Timothy Hines rented the skeletons to Ray Harryhausen, the remains of "Jason And The Argonauts". Or was it "Josie and the pussies"? I do not know. The soldiers, presumably because they are "military", all seem to explode in an unconvincing manner, like the soldier on crutches and his unhappy comrades carrying the stretcher just behind him. Wow! I liked it! But the "soldiers" all seemed to be fascist troops of the Spanish Civil War or Boer commandos (which would be more or less correct for the time.) Perhaps it was a bit of subtle cleverness of the on the part of this evil genius Hines?) Curiously, the character of the priest has exactly the same design as in the original illustrations by Warwick Goble. He also plays the most convincing role of acting. Oh yes. Do not forget the THUNDER CHILD. In the book, the warship is described as a leather torpedo-ram. It was AVERAGE of RAM the enemy ships. Yet her bow was crumpled after hitting the Tinker-Toy Martian War Machines, with a tiny hole torn in the forepeak, and sank. A heroic warship like THUNDERCHILD could have pierced the TITANIC and survived, but I suppose the Royal Navy was subject to the same constraints of lesser offer than our own army. The costumes are all wrong, especially the British Army and police uniforms, mostly made in the USMC Alphas. And Timbo, in an obvious tribute to Western Films Of Yore, has obviously placed his film in Wild Western England, because all his riders use western saddles. The accents used by just about everyone seem to be a mixture of Scottish regional accents used by the Macabre clan and magically delicious Irish accents of Malarky County. From the point of view of credit, and contrary to what a critic writes, the only authentic and authentic element of this thing is the artillery. The weapons do not date from the Civil War, but seem to me to be genuine research, real British magazines of nine or twelve books, delivered to the discharge, perfectly authentic at the time. The ammunition presented was therefore used. But the gunner, who is a horse artillery driver, was not shown driving properly. You do not sit on the limber frigging box and do not drive a shooting team, you ride the wheel horses next door. The Opening, using what I believe to be real movie sequences, is fine, and the score is not bad. However, to my knowledge, Weybridge has never had a subway, which certainly did not happen in 1898. <br /> <br /> But growing up reading this novel, I am very disappointed. Even more disappointed that I was at zillion dollar Spielberg, charged version of special effects. Maybe his version would have benefited by exchanging Anthony Piana against Tom Cruise, and vice versa. I have a lot more to say, but I'm going to stop there for now: I would like someone to make a GOOD version of "War Of The Worlds" true to the original. Timmy's vision is good for a movie class in high school, or maybe I should say pretentiously stupid for a film student, and about as bad, which is about the best I can say for this thing, but that's about it. Oh yes. Where did the budget go? And what happened to Michael Caine? I would like to hear his comments! I have a sly suspicion that Timbo's breathtaking and breathtaking cinematic masterpiece "Orson Wood" Hines may well be the ticket of the director who takes the risk of becoming a cult celebrity, because I must confess to a guilty pleasure of watching this film which I did not pay for anyway but it was sent to me thoughtfully by a friend who burned a copy of DVD for me, without malicious intent that I could determine. I must add here that I thought Blackmoon's doubled and abbreviated version was not only a great improvement, but also an absolute, hysterically funny treat (in a good way). I have trouble watching the version of Master Timbo after Blackmoon. Keep it that way, Tim! Create your own version of "DUNE" now. He's waiting for the hand of a master like you! And all the snobs you hate who hated Cloverfield? FORGET IT. He can not beat TIMBO HINES ARTISTRY FOR SHEER HILARIOUS AWFULESS! HEY GET A LIFE! THE TIMBO IS WORST THAN THE MASTER ED WOOD! I AM NOT JOKING!
