Lordi was a major hype and revelation in 2007, as they won the Eurovision song contest with a metal song (not so heavy) titled "Hard Rock Hallelujah" and appeared on stage dressed as hideous monsters. But let's face it, their victory probably has very little to do with their great musical talents. The Eurovision contest has gradually become a big political circus over the years and Lordi probably just won because their song finally brought a little change and ?? more importantly - because their act as a whole has ingeniously parodied the annual event. Lordi's first and last horror film is change and ingenuity. "Dark Floors", based on an idea of ​​the main singer and featuring the rest of the group in supporting roles, is a cliché accumulation of really unimaginative and hopeless. The huge budget ("Dark Floors" is supposed to be the most expensive Finnish film of all time) certainly ensures very macabre decors and impressive makeups, but what is the point where no story deserves to be told? The film takes place in a busy hospital, where a group of people, including a father and a young girl suffering from an unidentifiable illness, find themselves trapped in the elevator during a power outage. When the doors are opened again, the floors are empty and it seems that the hospital has been abandoned for many years. In trying to reach the exit, the group comes across several morbid and inexplicable obstacles, such as dead bodies without eyes, screaming ghosts and Heavy Metal monsters emerging from the floors. The only three points I give to "Dark Floors" are exclusively for the landscape and the reinforcement of tension during the first half of the film. As long as the sinister events do not require explanation, the atmosphere is pretty scary, but as soon as you realize that the explanation will be a) very stupid or b) will never come, the healthy will fade like a castle of cards unstable. Lordi's costumes were never really scary at first (except perhaps for traditional Eurovision fans) and, combined with a story closer to the horror of Asian ghosts, they just look downright pathetic and unsuitable. With all the national myths and truly unique outdoor shooting locations, I personally have always presumed Finland ?? The country of a thousand lakes ?? would be the perfect breeding ground for potentially horrible horror stories, but I guess that's another disillusionment on my part.
