I have lost three hours of my life because of this charade, and I can honestly say that I feel violated. I had read the reviews and heard the warnings, and I thought I was prepared for everything. At best, I thought it was a faithful attempt (if it was misguided) of an original adaptation; at worst, a "Plan 9" for the new millennium. So when I managed to pick up a copy at Walmart in Florida and bring it back to the UK, I joked to my friends, "Get ready for the worst film ever made!" Oh, cruel Karma. There is absolutely nothing to recommend this movie. The "special" effects look like the work of a first year design student using a Spectrum ZX81. The acting is terrible, the accents are worse than terrible (an artillery man's accent seems to make us visit the British Isles, from Scotland to Wales via Northern Ireland), the dialogue is unstable, the assembly does not exist, the production values ​​prove that no expenditure has been spent. Words can not really describe how bad this movie is; from the Union flag flying the horrible CGI'd Thunderchild (the Royal Navy steals the White Ensign, NOT the Union flag) to the role played by the woodworm, it's simply a crime against the making of movies. If you consider some of the zero-budget fan-films that are available on the network (the Star Wars "Troops" short film, for example), the whole argument "we're enthusiastic amateurs" comes straight out of the window. And if you believe an interview with Hines on the Pendragon website, this movie had an 8-figure budget! I can only assume that dark facial hair is not cheap in the United States. Maybe the problem is that Hines & co tried to make a movie of the book, rather than turning it into a movie (if that makes sense). Characters and extras cast pieces of text textually without trying to convey the feelings behind the words. Ironically, the ONLY person who nearly gave a decent performance is Darlene Sellers, the former porn actress. My advice? Pray like crazy that Jeff Wayne is not mistaken and look at Spielberg's version. This may not be true for the text of the book, but I can say it; As a longtime fan of HG Wells (and English), Speilberg's film is true to the spirit of the book. The customs authorities may have been wrong to let me take this monster to the country, but I will say this: Timothy Hines has stolen three hours of my life and I want to get them back.
