One of the lowest adventures of Carry Sid James is seen as the leader of a gang of criminals stealing contraceptive pills. The fourth of the series to be hospitable, it is perhaps the least of the kind. There is an oddly flat sensation all along, with all apparently wasted on a material below normal. This is far from the nadir of the late 1970s, but Williams, James, Bresslaw, Maynard et al. are all class artists who do not have a script yet that matches their abilities. <br /> <br /> Most gags are lamentable, rather than episodic, as are typically Carry On. So, instead of the traditional hit-and-miss ratio, if you do not find the funny joke, you're caught off guard for most of the movie. Williams? These continuous conspiracy strands include? without good reason ?? worrying that he's changing sex, and Kenneth Cope is dragging. As in the case of the pragmatic physical fall, everything seems more artificial than in other films and lack of real interest. Continuing on this theme, Matron does not have the usual format of word play and innuendo, opting largely for characterization and consequence to provide humor. In fact, the somewhat childish series of painstaking misunderstandings and forced circumstances still reminds Terry and June ... so it is appropriate that Terry Scott be present, mocking him orchards all day long. <br /> <br /> Some dialogue exchanges have a bit of old magic, like the one between Scott and Cope: "Why not a little drink?" "Oh, no, no, I never touch it." "Oh, Cigarette then?" "No, I never touch them." "That leaves only one thing to offer you." "I never touch that either." That said, even if a funny man (animating the darker episodes of Randall and Hopkirk (deceased) no end), you feel that Cope is not exploited enough by Carry On idealology and that Bernard Bresslaw disguised as a nurse would be a lot more funny . This actually happens, in part, even if only for the last fifteen minutes. <br /> <br /> Williams tries to seduce Hattie Jacques while Charles Hawtrey hides in a closet is a pure joke of drawers, but she does not have the irony to wear it. he off. That said, Williams' description of premarital relationships is invaluable: "You're not just going into the store and buying enough for the whole room, you're tearing yourself apart and trying it first!" "It may be true," Jacques replies, "but you're not going to stick me against a wall." Williams is really alive in her scenes with Hattie, and you can not get bored by hearing a whistle every time someone accidentally slaps her panties. <br /> <br /> Carry On Matron is by no means a bad movie. an overwhelming standard of swamp.
