I watched this cinematic version of R.D. Blackmore's classic novel as a substitute until the release in 2001 of the 2001 A & E version. And what a poor substitution it turned out to be !!!! <br /> <br /> This version does not have the authentic aspect, I feel like I'm here from movie A & E. The actors are mostly made of wood (with the exception of Sean Bean) and the "novel" seems forced and artificial. In fact, there are no kisses until the end of the film! The triangle between John Ridd, Lorna Doone (or Lady Lorna Dugal, whichever you prefer) and the evil Carver Doone is not mentioned or developed. Here we do not have much information about Carver, nor about why he has romantic feelings (if any) for Lorna. This film features many of the key and interesting characters in the novel, such as Doone and John's younger sister, Lizzie, with their sharp tongue, who played a crucial role in the plot. The scenario itself lacks conviction. The political plot does not appear in the script either. The way Lorna was born with the Doones is not faithful to the original story. Now, do not get me wrong, Clive Owen is a seductive and talented actor (watch Gosford Park and King Arthur for confirmation), but he seems to be bland and stoic, and his long hair (maybe a bad wig) does not suit him !!!! Polly Walker is a charming and accomplished actress (see Enchanted April and Patriot Games, in which she also plays with Sean Bean), but she seems colorless and dull. She has a cold sore on her lips that makeup can not hide, and the costumes do not seem authentic. The late Robert Stephens made a respectable turn as Sir Ensor Doone, although he only refers to Lorna as his favorite rather than his granddaughter, of whom she was deemed to be featured in the book. In addition, it seems to me that Owen and Walker are too old for their roles (maybe it's makeup) and that the landscape is brown, cold, gray and sterile, with no trace of a sunny sky. I understand that this is happening in South West England, but it's green there and they have their sun !!! The representation of the character of Tom Faggus and his "death", which does not happen in the novel, further depress the film. The positive note is Sean Bean's performance as a Carver. Although this does not even match the image of Aidan Gillen in the movie A & E, Bean means a villain. In short, look at this only if you have a few hours to spare, but do not expect anything exciting or faithful to the novel. See any other version (but I highly recommend the A & E movie) about this tired adaptation.
