Certainly, I did not expect "Corky Romano". But again, who did it? However, I felt he deserved the benefit of the doubt. I also did not have much hope of "Joe Dirt" - another recent comedy starring a cast member of SNL - and ended up being pleasantly surprised. But this film is just as bad as it looks in the excerpts. Chris Kattan is actually a talented comic actor - contrary to what one might think after watching this movie - with great energy. He has taken part in many of SNL's hilarious sketches, and I think he's one of the most talented actors in SNL distribution to date. In this case, he has received a lame and useless scenario and he tries to remedy each scene with his incessant aggression. Throughout each scene, he tries a lame act of Jerry Lewis and fails miserably. Jerry Lewis knew how to succeed in this kind of physical comedy, without forgetting to work with a much better writing. Kattan simply looks like an ignorant fool with ADHD who has too much coffee. He does not even wait for the punch; he assumes we'll all laugh once he starts jumping like a crack monkey. In one scene, he ends up fighting with a dog that has a packet of cocaine in his mouth. The package explodes and cocaine splashes everything on him. He comes back to work, stung of coca. Now, how are we supposed to laugh at the fact that he's behaving so hyper and nervous, while he's doing the same thing throughout the movie? <br /> <br /> As for the rest of the cast ... Vanessa Shaw is very sexy, Peter Berg is lost in a thankless role, and so is Chris Penn. Peter Falk is also lost, although he has some fun lines that I'm sure I have improvised. I hope Falk will have a good movie soon. It's too much talent and waste in a thunder like "Corky Romano". I did not really like the latest Falk "Made" movie, but at least he had a decent role. <br /> <br /> I laugh a few times, but I could not laugh at one. Each gag is executed without any sense of timing or delivery. And it's made worse by Kattan's martial game. And there are some gags that are dragged. For example, when Kattan is about to fart in the face of his two brothers. He stays there for 2 or 3 minutes, trying to get out a fart and when he finally does it, it's a very small one. It's bad enough when you have a funny gag and drag it around, but when you have a lame gag and drag it, it's a lot worse. And another example of this is when he tries to translate what these two Asian men say during a drug recession. I can continue to talk about what's wrong with this so-called comedy, but I'm not going to waste my time. As I said earlier, if you predicted bad things from trailers, you predicted well. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
