Why is this movie so bad? Well, if being so stupidly boring and so funny is a reason, then this movie is. The character of Corky Romano is at best improbable and at worst infuriating. The gags are predictable but that's not what makes it bad. Corky Romano is a nasty cassava man who tries to do the right thing but is so clumsy. <br /> <br /> Corky Romano His quiet life is relegated to the background when the family that once scorned him now needs him to infiltrate the FBI to destroy all traces of his criminal history. However, it is not easy for Corky because the FBI considers him a super agent and attributes to him the duty to spy on his own family. Mishaps and chaos ensue but there does not seem to be a hijixn comic. Corky ends up falling in love with his beautiful FBI partner and needs to clear things up, both with the FBI and with his family if he wants to settle down again in the quiet life. <br /> <br /> I think what makes this film irritating is both the main actor and the supposed jokes. Chris Kattan reveals his alarming limits as an actor and actor, while his burlesque routine to a note falls flat about 10 minutes after the beginning of the film. It's good to have a complete movie based solely on silly humor, slap stick. Will Ferrel, SNL partner of Kattan, seems to have made a busy career. The only difference between Kattan and Ferrel is that Ferrel knows when to calm him down and rely on other ways to tell a joke. Kattan's routine has no diversity. It's hard to hear the same joke twice, but for a whole movie that is pure torture. <br /> <br /> The other problem of the film was the lack of really original and funny jokes. The Mafia's gay brother, the clumsy Sch-tick guy, and many other forgotten jokes do not seem as funny as the first time you've just laughed at them. It seems that the writers had more pleasure in writing this than anyone has watched. Even with a cast that has some comic talent (Chris Penn, Peter Falk), the jokes that start are tired. There is no chemistry too. This film was obviously a pocket book for actors. No body seemed to care, or even try. The sad thing is that no body told Chris Kattan.
