Although I had heard that "Cama de Gato" was the worst Brazilian film of the decade, I watched it give it a chance. After all, Alexander Stockler, the first director / producer / screenwriter, managed to make his first feature film (shot in video) for just $ 4,000. Although it seems even cheaper, I can not imagine everything he has experienced. to finally have it exhibited in theaters without major sponsors or production companies (so, looking at it, I understood why). But no matter how likely you are to give "Cama de Gato", they are reduced to zero in 10 minutes: it's an incredibly absurd, wordy, ideologically fanatic and technically disastrous attempt to introduce youth Brazilian upper middle class as a spoiled group. Neo-Nazis are attached to bad sex, drugs and violence (they also look like gay gays), with no visible trace of talent, imagination, expertise or concept of structure . On a visual and auditory level, it recalls the worst amateur stuff you can find on YouTube - only here, it lasts NINETY TWO (count'em) minutes of relentless hysteria and clumsiness, and it's not even funny-bad. <br /> <br /> We have all seen the story: bored young people want to have fun, party, take drugs and everything goes wrong - there are gang rapes, spankings, murders, the accidental death (falling down the stairs !!) of the mother of one of the boys, culminating with the decision of the boys to burn the corpses of the girl and the mother in a dump. Moral and literal garbage, understood? The film is heavily influenced by Larry Clark (especially "Kids" and "Bully"), but Clark's films - though also moralistic and sex-exploiting - are high-class masterpieces of this shit. <br /> <br /> I do not believe that there was ever such a monomanal motivation in a filmmaker to stick his ideas in the throat of the public: Stockler catches us by the collar and tries to force his moralistic speech without respite in our brain by repetition and exhaustion - you get numbed with so much babbling, shouting, inept direction, shaky camera and terrible actors in class. Stockler does not care about the technique (the quality of the images, the framing, the sound recording, the songs of the soundtrack, the dialogues, the sets, the editing, etc. is uniformly appalling), but he is a control freak narcissistic: he anticipates the criticisms to which he is bound. to get by adding subtitles with comments smartie / cutie, and forcing the protagonists to say at one point how all this is farfetched and factitious (I could understand that). <br /> <br /> Despite his megalomaniacal ambitions, Stockler seems unable to give us a minimum of visual or narrative structure - he can not even decide if he wants a realistic realism (portable video camera, etc.) or a stylization (repeating scenes, using alternate takes, etc.). Heck, he can not even decide where to put his camera (there is use of a subjective camera for the three sons)! The dialog box contains extremely common verbosity; the plot simply exists to justify the director's deep hatred for his characters and what they represent. All you see is a hateful filmmaker, preaching, condemning, moralizing without the minimum of talent (or technique) to follow him. <br /> <br /> It's very disappointing to find Caio Blat in this mess. Certainly one of the most promising young film actors in Brazil, with his tired-eyed pup and Sal Mineo emotion, Blat can be very effective under good direction (as in "Carandiru", "Lavoura Arcaica"). "," Proibido Proibir "). Here, he is told to go beyond and he has to play with some of the most embarrassing "actors" of all these times. It also addresses the risky field of sexual exploitation scenes (so legitimate that they look like pornography on the internet). <br /> <br /> The film begins and ends with real interviews of young "typical" (?) Of the middle class. - Stockler wants us to take these interviews as "proof" of what he was trying to preach in fiction. But he blatantly despises and mocks his interlocutors, choosing a momentous of abject statements, racist, sexist and stupid (which shows that assholes exist everywhere). Stockler wants to prove that young people of the Brazilian middle class are ALL current or future fascists BECAUSE they are middle-class and they like recreational drugs (is he saying that all neo-fascists drugs or potentials Fascist behavior? I could not tell). <br /> <br /> "Cama de Gato" is bad for 1,000 reasons, but it is mostly insidiously harmful. gives critics of Brazilian cinema a strong argument. "Cama de Gato" is preferable without supervision, without mention, buried and forgotten.
