A precise criticism of Nuremberg must consider the door of history inadvertently opened with the movie "Valkyrie" (Tom Cruise). "Valkyrie" (2008) finally announces to the world that there was a German resistance during the Second World War, professionally organized with bureaucrats, military generals, soldiers and civilians who were trying to overthrow the Nazi political regime , to install a new Chancellor, to obtain peace and peace. close the concentration camps. However, these unknown absolute heroes received no help from the allies who helped the French resistance nearby. History writers have since used an institutionalized program to cover up an evil ally that has cost the lives of tens of millions of people, suggesting that the German people fully support the Nazis and therefore deserve the 24-hour genocide. "unconditional surrender". this was imposed on the Germans. <br /> <br /> The codes of the German enigma were broken by English scientists in 1943 and much of what the Germans did was known. In 1943, the Germans developed new jet fighters and jet bombers, including Arado, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. However, even if the Nazis were eliminated and the German resistance replaced, the allies would not allow any democracy in the world to have jet fighters, jet bombers, high-speed submarines, ballistic missiles and ballistic missiles. radio-guided missiles without first having them! This is where the institutionalized agenda is relevant. As a result, the German resistance received no help from its allies, although it has always had crucial information to eliminate Adolf Hitler. The coup of July 20, 1944 is proof that the Germans have made considerable efforts to secure peace. Instead, the Germans received ultimatums of "unconditional surrender" and saturation bombing 24 hours a day to avoid peace. The allies wanted to rob the Germans of the most sophisticated technologies and scientists in the world and retain their full ownership through "unconditional surrender". It was a premeditated program of the allies to let the war go on and keep the Nazis in power to justify the 24-hour bombardment, but it took a year after the Allied armies advanced into Germany to steal the biggest technology and scientists in the world of a firearm. However, tens of millions of people have died since the allies abandoned German resistance for their own greed. <br /> <br /> The Allies imposed on the Germans an "unconditional surrender" as a pretext for acquiring complete ownership and control of the German property and government, without recourse to German resistance to overthrow the Nazis. The allies wanted to steal the world's largest technology and German scientists to achieve global technological supremacy. As a result, everything else took second place after the evil ally diary that killed millions of Germans during the 24-hour bombing; the concentration camps remained open; the war went on and led to the "cold war" with weapons based on industrial achievements, technology and German scientists recruited by the Germans during the Second World War. <br /> <br /> War crimes trials in Nuremberg in 1946 were public. deception and mass murder perpetrated by the allies as retrospective justice to the Nazis. It was a smokescreen that masked the perverse and greedy ally program of global technological supremacy rather than helping the German resistance to overthrow the Nazi political regime. <br /> <br /> Tens of millions of people died because the allies had abandoned the German resistance But they still retaliated against the German chiefs of staff who paid with their lives or not their war crimes in Nuremberg, as the allies perpetrated genocide to achieve global technological supremacy.
