Fox's "The True Story Of Jesse James" (1957) is a remarkably poor widescreen remake of their prestigious classic "Jesse James" of Tyrone Power / Henry Fonda from 1939. I am not sure of the cause of the mistake, but the casting of this version of the two central characters, the uneven direction of Nicholas Ray and the scenario with smooth fists must certainly be there for something. <br /> <br /> In the late thirties and forties, Tyrone Power was Fox's most prominent man, but in the fifties his star was starting to decline and studio director Darryl Zanuck began to prepare the newcomer, Robert Wagner. This was a major mistake on Zanuck's part, as Wagner proved to be a less than suitable substitute. With the possible exception of "Broken Lance" (1954) and "Between Heaven & Hell" (1956), it's hard to think of Wagner who stands out in anything! In addition, Jeffrey Hunter was nothing more than a player under contract with the Fox before being assigned to the role of Frank James in Jesse de Wagner in "The true story of Jesse James". Borrowed from the studio the year before, one of the hallmarks of this actor was his great revealing performance in John Ford's classic "The Searchers". But playing here, with Wagner as the second half of the James Brothers, is nothing boring. None of the players bring personality or color to their respective roles. They totally miss the target, lacking the charisma and appeal so clearly displayed by Power and Fonda in the original. The film is also spoiled by too many flashbacks and with the omnipresent scenario, Wagner, as Robin Hood of the American West, appears as an introverted twit without charm that leaves no empathy for it. Supporting actors are hardly worth mentioning, but it's a pity to see such a great actress as Agnes Moorhead just barely looking in the role of Ma James. <br /> <br /> The best part of this western fool is the great cinematography / color of the great Joe McDonald and the excellent score of the underrated and little-known composer, Leigh Harline!
