Before giving Spike Lee the well-deserved clamor of the film SUMMER OF SAM, I would like to clarify one thing. I do not revolt this film just for the abundance of sordid and unpleasant images. What makes this film so unassailable is the fact that Lee seems to believe that SUMMER OF SAM should be taken seriously as a socially enlightening drama. For example, Quentin Tarantino's crime movies are full of violence, blasphemy, and other vulgar talk, but they are nonetheless very watchable because Tarantino does not try to make these films look like works of art socially. redeemers. He knows that such films are only for entertainment purposes. On the other hand, serious dramas such as SAVING PRIVATE RY and SCHINDLER'S LIST are often unpleasant to watch, but this inconvenience serves to develop the plot and characters of the film, the ultimate goal being to emotionally involve the public in the story and the characters. SUMMER OF SAM, unfortunately, only melt in his own sensationalism and sleaze, while believing it serves as a social commentary, much like the other epics of the trash. <br /> <br /> SUMMER OF SAM does not serve serious drama his characters are only stereotypes cut out of the box. His plot claims to show the emotional impact of hysteria on Sam's son's murders on the residents of the predominantly Italian-American North Bronx neighborhood where the murders took place. However, instead of presenting the premises as a mix of personalities, Lee simply eliminates all imaginable negative Italian stereotypes. Men are ignorant, lazy and over-excited goombahs. Women are divided between weak and complacent "good girls" (Dionna de Mira Sorvino) and "naughty girls" (Jennifer Esposito's Ruby). Lee seems to vindictively want to "pay back" Hollywood for his years of negative African-American stereotypes by propagating his own stereotypes, and few critics seem to care. If Martin Scorsese, for example, portrayed the inhabitants of an Afro-American neighborhood as a group of stereotypes of Amos Andy and Aunt Jemima, critics would rightly condemn such blatant stereotypes. More importantly, the one-dimensional stereotypical characters undermine any movie that tries to be a serious social comment. <br /> <br /> Without exception, the distribution of SUMMER OF SAM is excellent. However, the acting game, in most cases, is not inspired. The actors are either reviewing the movements, or they have little work to do with the scripts. In addition, there is a significant merge error. Comedian John Leguizamo has a lot of talent, but his character Vinny seems to be a comic identity usurpation of John Travolta's Tony Manero in SATURDAY NIGHT FEVER. And Michael Badalucco, an eternal actor "of the kind guy", is very misinterpreted as the serial killer David Berkowitz, as funny as fear. The only performance that deserves attention is that of Adrien Brody as Ritchie, a troubled but sincere neighborhood. Brody's performance and Lee's typically elegant cinematography are the only virtues of this film. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 on ****
