After hearing word of mouth about the seriousness of this film, I took the step and bought the DVD. That said, all that has been mentioned about this film is true. For a film claiming to have a budget of several million dollars, it just does not appear on the screen. The list of problems with the movie could drag on. The leader among them is that the movie is just too long. He dragged for a few minutes of less than 3 hours. Almost an hour could probably have been interrupted if the publisher had simply removed the glut of scenes dealing only with the aimless wandering main character. <br /> <br /> Second, as many have pointed out in the "trailers", special effects are anything but special. The tripods looked good in a few shots here and there, but beyond that, everything was Z-quality from the 1970s or 1980s. The worst effects of all were probably the horses, which swayed stiffly as they moved. The effects of the thermal rays were derisory, because people were reduced to bones that were able to fend for themselves without muscles. The Thunderchild sequence, in which Thunderchild, described in the book as an iron ram, resembled nothing that was pitiful, was also pitiful. Instead, he looked like a World War I destroyer with deck guns (unmanned crew firing) and torpedo tubes. <br /> <br /> Colors and backgrounds were as bad as effects. The most laughable of all was a scene in the beginning in which the main character and his wife go for a walk at night and he shows him Mars in the sky. Well, the sky is black, but the sight of the characters and the landscape around them is in the open. There is also a clear demarcation between the real landscape, bathed in full sun, and the false black night sky with too big fuzzy stars. To harm even further, the color of the scenes made no sense. In some cases, they are bathed in orange light. In other green light. In still others, it's blue light. In some cases, the exteriors are lit in orange but the interiors of the houses are green or blue. The frame rate and the camera are very unstable, which gives everything a jerky appearance. <br /> <br /> Finally, the game of actors is globally sub-par. A man represents two characters whose only difference was the absence of a mustache. This sometimes led to some confusion as to who was who and where they were all. English accents, even for American ears, are outrageous. <br /> <br /> In summary, this film could very well claim to be the worst film released lately. I have not seen Gigli or some of the other recent flops, but this one, because of its poor quality in every respect, must easily be worse than anything traditional Hollywood has published. I would not be surprised if the film ranks in the top 10 or 20 of the IMDb rankings. Too bad that the Mystery Science Theater is not yet present.
