*WARNING. SPOILERS MAY HAVE THE FUTURE IF YOU RAISE IT. * <br /> <br /> Okay, the basic premise of this Texas local movie is: College Kids + Spookhouse + Book of Demonic Magic = a scary topic. In practice, it takes a long time to watch how long this movie will last. A band of fraternity brothers, with girlfriends and volunteers, set up a house haunted by a charity. The project is chaired by a completely repulsive character, whose main goal seems to be to verbally and physically attack as many members of the cast as possible. I had a hard time believing that anyone would even try to work with this person in any way: he is only rude and insulting to everyone, including his girlfriend and boyfriend. Regardless, the kids are visited by the local character and "Pumpkin Jack", an annual champion of pumpkin carving, an old man who is described as the "Halloween Santa" and who lays a load of props for the house, including a sinister book that featured prominently in the prologue to irritating strobe flash (where a group of naked cultists is turned into jump). Needless to say, some damn fools start playing with the book, and eventually most costumed monsters turn into real ones, and the few remaining people have to try to survive. There is some good in this film, but not much: everything is well filmed and the effects of makeup are correct. On the other hand, performers subcontract or exaggerate drastically; much of the plot does not make sense outside of a series "this happens for it to happen"; there is practically no musical score, strictly speaking, there are only pieces of songs throughout the film; and the movie takes an hour to go anywhere. The latter problem is most telling: two-thirds of the 90 minutes of operation are used to configure characters repeatedly. Tom is a good guy who frequents Heidi, the control maniac, but he was dating Jill, who is now dating Dan the bastard, but she started a relationship with Kira, the girl who wears too many shawls / capes. Dan is really a fool, Gary likes to joke, and Steve & Lily like to have a lot of sex. Things that could have been easily treated in 20 minutes or more hang around again and again, to the point where the lesbian "sex" scene (calm down, it's pretty docile) let me get the fast forward button . That leaves us half an hour of hypocaloric scaring, an end in klunky and a deep dislike for the old Pumpkin Jack, which I blame for all the mess. Unless you can get this type of rental at a great price (and you've really seen everything else in the store), put it back on the shelf and keep looking.
