In this 'sequel', Bruce is still called Billy Lo (understand? Bruce = Billy, Lo = Lee, no?). But other than that, it's all that it has in common with the other movie. Billy does not seem to be an actor anymore. He seems to be in another country. He looks more like a spy. He is the only cast member to come back and, sadly, they kill him to make way for a new character, his brother, Bobby. Unfortunately, when Bruce dies, the film nearly dies with him. It was extremely badly done. It looked like they were writing the script while filming. The footage runs for a while (it's not too obvious at first) but soon, Bruce is still in the dark (he lights a light at one stage for no other apparent reason to hide the fact that it's not Bruce playing the game). Unfortunately, when he dies, the film changes. I can not help but wonder if they filmed as they wrote and might have planned to keep Bruce alive, but then I decided to kill him because it would not have been plausible because Bobby will not appear until Billy's death. It's hard to change the main character halfway through the movie and Bruce is hard to follow. So it's hard to accept Bobby now as a star. Bruce is never seen in this movie again. I think they should have done this sequel without Bruce, he has a lame role in this movie. People who hope to see a new film about Bruce Lee will be disappointed to see that, even if he is in first place, he has only one role to play. Even the worst movies have at least one memorable bit. If people seem to be talking about this movie, it's the scene where Billy is fighting in a nursery. Ironically, he does not even use footage of Bruce Lee. Mind you, they did it more convincingly in No Retreat No Surrender. None of the other actors here has ever made anything memorable. Bruce's girlfriend (Colleen Camp) is never mentioned. My advice is to extinguish it as soon as Bruce finishes writing his letter to his brother. Nothing else in the film deserves to be watched. I found it really sad to see Bruce die. I do not see how a little movie like this could have enough money to use images of Enter The Dragon. It was an inexpensive way to try to take advantage of Bruce's name. Strangely, this and the original are credited in Bruce's filmography. Fortunately so far no one has tried such a thing yet. 1981 was the year of Bruce's last appearance. It was a sad way to end the situation, but fortunately it is proof that Bruce's film career must be left out.
