Is it possible to give a movie NO STARS? I suppose not. However, many IMDb stars display this figure, think of zero and you will understand my drift The director and photographer Timothy Hines did not have much budget compared to Spielberg's Herculean effort with the same material (rumor has it would be the most expensive film ever made), but it must not be an insurmountable handicap. I saw a wonderful job on a comparative budget ("Soldier and Saints" is a recent example). With hard work, integrity and, above all, talent, it is certainly possible to achieve a faithful reproduction of Wells' novel - and at a fraction of what Dreamworks spends for its "War of the Worlds". Unfortunately, Hines has failed in all these departments. Even if he had Spielberg's budget and Tom Cruise had signed for the main role, his film would have been as bad as the backyard animal he imposed on us. <br /> <br /> First, Hines seems unable to tell a story. With digital video technology, he can record images and sounds, but he shows little ability to put together a story with what he records. A guy walks in an alley, a lot. He speaks poorly aped Received English with another guy. Then he walks in the same way, only pulls from the back, this time to show he's coming back - smart, huh? Walking and talking for almost an hour is all that happens. OK, I'm going to grant this extended tour of the main character's home to the Horsell Common impact site to show that the considerable distance that separates it from one place to another could be useful (a first-year film student could be more economical and more aesthetic sequence of establishment than that, by the way), but half a dozen times? Go back and forth, and so on, et cetera, et cetera with a little yakkity-yak in between. Remarkable. The only explanation for this superabundance of redundancy, aside from total artistic ineptitude, is the desire to devote thirty minutes of miserably amateurish computer entertainment to content that could be portrayed as a feature film. Finally, the Martian fighting machines appear and walking and talking are running, talking or shouting. Later, we are shaky and moan for dessert. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, much of the dialogue is directly in the text of H.G. Wells; otherwise we would have no idea what's going on. But is it not the aim of cinema to illuminate a text, to realize what words alone can not convey? If a film is based on dialogue or monologue to tell us what we see or how we feel, why worry? Why not play a radio? Orson Welles has made a name for himself. However, Hines considers himself a filmmaker. He is content to pronounce the words and swallow the meaning. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Hines has been able to buy some synthetic effects for his movie, but he has no idea. how to use them. Now, for my part, I do not have an unstoppable sweet tooth for the eyes. I think a good science fiction movie does not need dazzling technical effects. Some truly powerful science fiction sciences have flourished on virtually none. But "War of the Worlds" as a film requires some basic effort. Wells tells a story that is based on things that can be seen and heard and even felt. The effects need not be complex. they may even be rudimentary (for example, fighting machines on cables sliding in miniature streets like in the 1953 version of George Pal / Byron Haskins), but they must be handled well. Unfortunately, the effects of Hines are both crude and incompetent ?? Fighting machines on tripods higher than the spire of the cathedral trample by making a noise of pogo stick bouncing on the linoleum ?? Martian squidoids, even if they are oppressed by four times the gravity of their native world, rush and flit without perceptible effort ?? skeletons totally devoid of flesh and muscles twist and scream - the same cursed green and green buggy cross the foreground a dozen times (turned left and right now and again in the hope of not noticing it) ?? and ad nauseum. The raw technique is forgivable. So you have a CG fire effect that is less convincing? Well, we can work around that. Just do not use it too often and show only glimpses. This trampled woman sequence looks more like a crushed plum? Throw it. It's not necessary. You say that your Martian flyer looks like a toy on a rope? If you have to use it, go ahead, but please do not show it twice! But no, Hines will not listen. We get the worst material used again and again. I have to get those 180 minutes one way or another, my boy. <br /> <br /> Then we must play, or more precisely play too often. Whether in a speaking role or just paid to die on the queue, everyone in this movie plays his heart. Clearly, Hines thinks he's getting value for money - More people are fleeing terrorized there! You, trembling behind this tree, have a real conniption for this catch. Do you call it twisting in pain? Nonsense, my grandmother can better twist - Nevertheless, the cast as a whole and stinking individually. They are not even good amateurs. But this must not be fatal. Many good movies have been made with a rancid actor game. That's what administrators are for. And the publishers. Which raises another point ?? Who left Tim Hines to edit this cheese factory? If American butchers were as good at cutting meat as Hines was in cutting film, your next hamburger would be all fingers and no beef. Despite the duration of almost three hours, much is missing in this film - not sequences, but unique images, creating a staccato effect that is nauseating. Hines' intention was perhaps to simulate the effect of a hand-cranked camera from the 1890s. If he were, I can say he does not know how to do it.
