I would like to start by saying that I am NOT a fan of cartoons (with some notable exceptions), and that I am generally unfamiliar with the so-called otakus, because they are so in love with their cartoon brand that each movie featuring characters with spiky hair and big eyes is considered a work of art without even considering other more vital factors, such as intrigue. And no animated film better represents this division between otakus and people with a current taste than this elegant piece of trash, Fatal Fury: the film. <br /> <br /> Seen through the glassy eyes and full of otaku, there is In Fatal Fury, there is little to complain about - there is a lot of unusual Japanese humor, duels against face, "dramatic" moments and everything is beautifully drawn. But all the others will be distraught by the schematic and predictable plot with clichéd and predictable characters, resulting in a cliché and predictable end. Love scenes are hilariously exaggerated - the scene in which Sulia "heals" Terry is clearly meant to be a tender moment, but it's almost impossible not to be caught in a spiral of laughter stunned by her sheer ridicule. And of course, Fatal Fury is not without the mandatory T & A design - this one is provided for free by Mai Shiranui, the huge chest. And since Fatal Fury EST is based on the series of video games of the same name (oh boy), we are treated with many appearances of useless cameos of popular characters having little or no relevance to the plot (they go through all the trouble to introduce Kim at the beginning, only so that it disappears completely from the film after that time). This movie mess culminates with the unintentional final battle, in which all the main characters in turn associate the almighty main villain. It's something that has always amused me ... even when the battles in the anime do not take place in a tournament, they always take place as if they were, even if it makes no sense! <br /> <br /> Otakus is always excited to say that animated films should be treated as MOVIES, as opposed to simple cartoons, and that a disturbing part of those same people loves Fatal Fury. So Fatal Fury would have been good if it was not an anime? The answer is a categorical "no" - all the charm of this film, the little that there is here, lies in the drawings. If Fatal Fury had not been an anime, he would have deserved an episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000, if the show was still on air. That's the key - it's nothing more than a ridiculously bad B movie under the guise of an anime epic. If you're such an exciting movie fan that they're really entertaining, consider renting Fatal Fury (or catching it on the Sci-Fi channel), because it's certainly one of those. If you are an otaku, wake up and realize that 90% of the things you look at are garbage. For everyone, buy a Dreamcast and Fatal Fury: The Brand of Wolves, but do not even plan to see this movie.
