Sometimes laughter in the middle of a horror movie is a sign of its greatness. I remember the nervous laughter of the audience during the reissue of The Excorcist ?? really nervous laugh. This punctuated the panic we all watched as Satan's voice came out of a 12-year-old girl. In the case of the 2006 remake of the 1972 cult classic The Wicker Man, however, it made me think that this new Wickerman is about as scary as the South Park character Scuzzlebut, the friendly forest monster with Patrick Duffy for a branch of celery for an arm whose favorite hobby is weaving wicker baskets. <br /> <br /> Three years ago, one of my friends in Hollywood told me that he had heard that Nicolas Cage was going to redo the movie. I started laughing and my friend (Keith) got angry at me by praising Nicolas Cage as a great actor. I just did not think he could get away with it and, unfortunately, I was right for moviegoers. The reality, the exceptional original music, the originality, the goose bumps and the wonderfully powerful dialogue have disappeared. Instead, we have horror movie clichés, an affected acting game, and changes in the storyline that make any credibility collapse. Like many of the many Hollywood remakes we've been inundated with lately, it's like watching Grade 4 students on a "playing Wickerman" playground. <br /> <br /> The original film takes place on an isolated Scottish island where a police officer is summoned to find a missing girl, Rowan Morrison. In the new scenario, a former California policeman (Cage) is lured to an island off the coast of Washington State by his ex-girlfriend to find his missing daughter. She sends a picture and the missing girl looks exactly like a girl he tried to save in a violent crash not so long ago. The crash still haunts him in part because the girl's body was never found. Yet even after receiving a letter with his picture, this connection is completely set aside as he heads north alone to help his ex-girlfriend find his daughter. He arrives to find an island filled with actors claiming to be the descendants of the Wiccans, many of whom do not seem to have been recalled for roles in The Village. And like The Village, you will soon realize that there is nothing to fear here. Not even blind sisters with blurred eyes who speak in unison. <br /> <br /> I think Hollywood's ability to make a lot of money on a movie often comes at an exorbitant cost for artistic talent. I think someone like Nicolas Cage, who's in so many movies these days, loses all contact with the magic that film can be when he gets to the point where he has a personal chef on the set who's preparing his snacks . We needed a bad rewrite of the Wickerman, as we needed another '9-11' movie. I'm starting to wonder if Nicholas changed his last name to Coppola because he wanted to, or because he was begged to do so.
