All the others who commented negatively on this film made an excellent analysis to explain why this film is so bloody. I was not going to comment, but the film hurts me so much, and the author / director in particular. So I have to throw my hat to join the defeatists. <br /> <br /> I saw the original "Wicker Man" and I really liked the cornucopia of music, sensuality, paganism in a modern world and the clash of theological beliefs. . That said, I'm not part of the crowd who think remakes of great movies should not be done. For example, I liked the invasion of the 1950s, "Invasion of the Body Snatchers", but I also enjoyed the 1978 remake. Both films can be self-contained. Another example is "The Thing". The 1982 remake with Kurt Russell (my favorite horror movie of all time) is something to be proud of. So, this small minority of people who love the remodeling of "The Wicker Man" can not accuse me of dissecting this piece of shit just because it's a re-make. <br /> <br /> This film has solidified for me the sexism of Neil LaBute and misogynistic tendencies. It also made me wonder how the leaders, eager to make a serious thriller, would give the green light to such an anti-feminine product. There are too many scenes where Cage hits women just because he's frustrated to see them thwarting his investigation of a missing girl. Would he react well off the island in other cases where the suspects are not known? The original created a society in which men and women are equal participants in a religion based on the goddess. The threat to the main character came from everyone, men and women. There was no sexual hierarchy. <br /> <br /> The metaphor of bees, drones, etc. was a bit heavy and convenient ("The drone must die!"), especially when Cage's character is allergic to bees. I kept asking myself why the men on the island did not defend themselves and used the simple physical nature to prevent these women from treating them like grunts. They were women with special supernatural powers, and half of them seemed to be pregnant, the other half was old and fat, and the remaining girls were thin skinny blondes. If men really wanted to escape, they could do what most men do when they hate women. Physically dominate them. There did not seem to be any weapons or weapons other than sharp tools to hold them back if they were unhappy. But if they were just drones, why stop them from talking? They could be used as a threat to Cage because they will defend the community. These are drones, because Neil LaBute seems to believe that a society run by women would leave castrated men. (This film has already been made. "Stepford's wives", are you fond of that?) The classic symptoms of men who are afraid of what can happen if women come together and are truly equal citizens. <br /> <br /> The problem with the female society that hates men is that it makes uninteresting films and creates an unintentional humor when Cage begins to knock out women. I think that LaBute should have left society on an equal footing, keep sexuality and lasciviousness flawless, and push buttons of discomfort vis-à-vis the children of this island. Nobody likes pedophiles or children to be sexually exploited. So how would a police officer react if he saw obscene acts by adults accompanied by children? There would be a logical mental leap in the fact that these children would be abused, creating an emergency to save the missing child and get help for all the children. LaBute stated that he had created the thread of the story of the fiancé and the girl to incite the character of Cage to urge him to seek. I do not think you need that. Any abused child will make an adult react to save him. The irony would be that the child Cage "saves" in the end brings him death. <br /> <br /> The dialogue was artificial and campy. The third act was hilarious. The audience I saw with gaffawed (and later booed at the end). I just thought the film had started badly when the letter came in with sophisticated handwriting and all the backtracking was cut to show how bad Cage is. We do not need that. Show it just as you arrive on the island for an investigation into a missing child. Most of us in America have seen "Law & Order" and other police procedures. We enter the movie as if we were Cage's partner solving a mystery. <br /> <br /> So much potential ... wasted. Neil LaBute, stick to talking head shots for those who love your plays and movies of this genre. Stay with your own company of men. Let the thrillers to people who understand thrillers. Here is your honeypot. I will look at it.
