I am currently sitting here, forcing myself to finish. I think I blew 6 times on the VHS, as much suffer. I remember doing a search on the Internet about 4 or 5 years ago for "The War of the Worlds" because of the rumors of the Spielberg movie of the time, and I missed the old television series from the beginning of 90's. The website indicates that this is a multi-million dollar budget restitution from the classic book. It was going to be a "perfect translation". Perfect CRAP is more in sync with this movie. <br /> <br /> First of all, the video of this movie was glitch! It seemed to me that I was watching Full Motion video from an old PC or Playstation CD-ROM video game from the mid-90s. Unfortunately, the color quality was similar. The classic "classic drama break" game of the Shatners seems to be of a quality close to Shakespeare. CG rendering of various scenes was appalling and the green screen footage was worse than the scenes seen in the old scenes of Dukes of Hazardd. <br /> <br /> Secondly, reading is slow and terribly long. I sat for 45 minutes of the video (no promo at first) before the cylinder opened to reveal the first alien. After that, the extraterrestrial was a terribly constructed squid CG. I am now in an hour and most of the extraterrestrial weaponry I have seen is a rotating silver disc (even shit down) attached to a mechanical arm. Dramatic scenes are murdered with overly finished instruments. The last thing about this, for an extraterrestrial invasion at the turn of the 1900s, nobody cares about his life. It's like they have no concept. Even if the media were slow, word of mouth spread quickly and people could have known about it. "The illusion" of day and night was at best bad quality. Simply changing the color around the people in purple, blue or green does not mean NIGHT TIME. Maybe some lighting and night shots would have given a much better illusion. Throughout the film, there are many lost sequences that consist of watching the "hero" galloping or walking on silly roads. Continue with the movie. I know how people move, you do NOT need to be so deep. <br /> <br /> Now, finally, one hour and five minutes after the beginning of the film, they show the extra-terrestrial machines. The powerful Power Rangers from Morphin had better effects. Even the skeletons of vaporized humans seemed to be animated by a first-year computer student in high school. The animations do not correspond at all to the landscape. <br /> <br /> Regarding closure, if you want "War of the Worlds", do one of the following four tasks. 1) Look at the original of 1953, 2) look at the television series of the early 90's, 3) wait for Spielberg's interpretation to be published shortly, OR 4) Read the book of frikkin (something we probably have all done in elementary English). AVOID THIS FILM. It's a waste of your money.
