Normally, when writing a review for an online movie, it's for one of three reasons. Either I've found something exceptionally exceptional in a movie that would otherwise have been great, I think the public's perception of a movie before watching it is inaccurate for a number of reasons, or I think the purpose or message of a film needs to be clarified or explained with the help of other reviewers. Although all these reasons may seem somewhat negative, I find that writing a criticism that only lavishes praise and statements such as "This is one of the best movies of all time!", Does not illuminate in nothing a potential spectator. its merits and drawbacks, and it does not often give reasoning about why a movie is so good, which should be the goal of criticism in the first place. That said, the War of the Worlds is nothing more than a hasty and incompetent attempt to acquire money; Clutching his disgusting carcass in the multi-million dollar advertising campaign of Steven Spielberg's movie of the same name. Many people will buy this DVD in anticipation of the summer blockbuster and many other poor souls will buy it in search of additional material on the same subject. This film is not even "so bad" that it becomes funny or endearing, but the audience will be so disappointed that it will reach the point of anger. Now that most insults are on the way, let me give some warning as a warning to the wealthy than me. <br /> <br /> Judging by the coverage and lack of any publicity for this movie (I found it to be SAM's club for $ 8), I assumed that the actors did not would not be names and the special effects would not be spectacular. Check. This is not a big problem for me, because I find a big budget and an excessive trust in the big stars and the SE that can diminish an otherwise decent film. I did not expect either to be blown away by a good dialogue or a moving score. Recheck. What I was hoping for was a real serious attempt at a classic theme and some scenes of alien combat. <br /> <br /> Now, according to the IMDb policy, all spoilers must be announced in advance, regardless of their size, so here's a fair warning. The film begins with a lot of nonsensical discussions, followed by a trip to an observatory to observe a red dot. Seriously, it's an image of a red dot in a tube. It's very difficult to describe each little problem in depth, but at the end of the first ten minutes, the combination of bumpy camera work, spliced ​​scenes, and a LOT of walking starts to frustrate the viewer. However, the costumes are surprisingly not bad and the hope that the pods will reveal something mysterious allows you to continue. The next 30 minutes are essentially as follows: one of the main characters goes to one of the pods, he looks at the pods and talks to another main character about the possibility of watching the pod and it can get very hot. They both go back to town. These walks are neither two seconds nor added so that the dialogue can be exchanged. They last twenty seconds or more and are just there to add padding to a three-hour already inflated movie. In a particularly trying scene, we play the main character watching a basket, then we show him the rhythm and the shortness of breath, then he looks at it, then he goes for a walk of a minute in a field to go to city, then enters a building, then he takes a cup of coffee and says "thank you Mary" to a random maid who serves him coffee, then he puts the coffee and goes out of the building, then he walks a few minutes in the field and returns to the pod. I apologize for the extreme phrase, but this may be the best way to summarize this whole movie. The characters talk too much about trivial things, they walk a lot, they send other people, the camera oscillates between high speed and slow speed, but without dramatic effect, the cameraman is simply a sophomore at Tech. The assembly is amazing. People's actions make little sense. For example, when the teacher goes to a farmer and tells him that he needs the farmer to drive him to town, the farmer stammers and paces. When the teacher says that there is a pod and that men can be trapped inside, the farmer locks him in a shed, then sees him pick up a fork and open the weak shed a second later. No consequence of any consequence of course comes from the whole scene, the teacher meeting the main character a moment later so that they can start their afternoon walk. The whole film gives the impression that, at some point, someone had a good idea of ​​making a film, but did not know how to implement it. I saw better video productions in high school. Finally, the special effects are laughable and do nothing to advance the story. I have the impression that the director really wanted this film to become a bit of a classic garbage cunt. However, it is so horrible technically and in a good way that it just makes people crazy. Avoid this movie at all costs.
