You do not expect much from a PRC image, and with rare exceptions - mostly Edgar G. Ulmer and a few from Joseph H. Lewis or Lew Landers - that's exactly what you get : not much. This "epic" about the Nazis in Africa trying to incite an Arab revolt against the British is not very different. Arthur St. Claire and Sherman Lowe, the CRP's long-time pirate, have a banal, derisory scenario, filled with unfathomable "foolishness" and hole-sized intrigue of outer Mongolia. According to Al Herman, a long-time specialist in the field of budget-free budgets for the PRC, the given direction is at best semi-comatose. However, the performances - with the exception of Walter Woolf King, a spectacularly incompetent and extremely irritating leader - are not really bad. Parkyakarkus, a veteran of humor, is the best in the film. He's playing a guy from Brooklyn pretending to be a razor blade salesman and lighting up the screen a lot when he shows up. He has a good comic timing, a charm to lose and seems to spend a lot of time. Duncan Renaldo is quite convincing as an Arab sheikh - in spite of his Spanish accent - and the wicked veteran George J. Lewis, while Renaldo's Arab rival is doing his nasty job, even if he sometimes exceeds the peaks. Joan Woodbury is pretty and light-hearted, and she and Renaldo have excellent chemistry together, although, like the rest of the cast, she has none with King. H.B. Warner, whose career goes back to the silent era, gives a dash of dignity to the low-rent procedures, even if he blows several times on the lines and that, being RPC being RPC, they have not been cut off. There are a lot of archive footage stuck in a big budget silent movie with a similar Arab theme - though I do not know which one - and, being PRC being PRC, no effort has been made to try to make it invisible. : I have rarely seen archive footage that was so obvious. <br /> <br /> "A Yank in Libya" is not very good, of course - good, all right, it stinks - but it would be worth watching Parkyakarkus at its peak. I had heard about him and I knew he was the father of actor / director Albert Brooks and Super Dave Osborne, but I had never seen him before. It was worth watching this tenth "extravaganza" of the People's Republic of China, just to see it in action. Otherwise, forget about it.
