You have to like the first sequences like "Seven Women for Satan" ?? During the intro, a naked girl running through the woods is chased by a hunting dog and a clever horse guy until she falls off a cliff and slits her head in a rock. Then the camera zooms out of the guy's face and we notice he's just sitting behind a desk while his secretary is waiting for him to sign papers. "Oh I'm sorry, I was lost in my thoughts ??" he says then! Sweet, I came across another crazy movie. Even if you only understand a minimum of French and you look at the original title, you immediately know that "Seven Women for Satan" has nothing to do with Satan or ritual sacrifices, but simply revolves around flamboyant escapades. a perverted and mentally unstable account during his weekend in the country. It is, in fact, another dodgy variation of the classic "The most dangerous game" concerning the annoying hobby of the madman who chases people ?? naked chicks preferably warm - in the forest for sport. In fact, it's much more than a variation of the 1932 classic, as writer / director / actor Michel Lemoine pretended to link his protagonist directly to the legendary villain Leslie Banks in "The Most Dangerous Game". Count Zaroff is supposed to be the son of Count Zaroff, but he exchanged his private island for the isolated French countryside. Moreover, he can no longer afford to be unemployed, so he is an office worker from Monday to Friday and a manic killer during the weekend. Zaroff is a madman who hallucinates the idea of ​​dancing with a dead woman, but who runs his car to live. His butler once pledged to stop the Zaroffs from killing, but he's obviously doing a lousy job. There is no depth in the script and the editing certainly does not pay attention to the suspense or the sinister atmosphere. In fact, the only useful thing to do during this film is to count the girls who are attracted by Zaroff's deceptive trap and hope that they will quickly reach seven. Half of the film is an unnecessary and tedious stuffing sequence, like the very long erotic dance number in which one statue inexplicably turns into a muscular black guy (???), and the other half exists in psychedelic sleaze that ends to become weary, even if all the girls look pretty. I have the impression that the intention of Michel Lemoine was to imitate his friend Jean Rollin and to make a delirious sexual thriller. "Seven Women for Satan" is a French production, so it inevitably features the usual Jess Franco, Howard Vernon ("The Awful Dr. Orloff", "Zombie Lake"). Lemoine himself surely looks like a crazy killer, but not the talent to portray one.
