The 1930s were a golden age of Los Angeles with its film industry and great potential for many other opportunities to become rich, famous and happy. People arrived there in hopes of realizing their dreams. Expecting open arms and welcoming offers, only a few have managed to succeed and make their way to fame. The majority of them were then sentenced to live hungry, disillusioned and undesirable, looking for a little respect in dirty bars and dirty hotel rooms. <br /> <br /> The young Italian-American writer Arturo Bandini arrives in Los Angeles for the same purpose: to deploy his charms to attract one of these beautiful wealthy women and write an excellent novel that would put him in a career, having so far written a single story published in an obscure anthology. Wishing to create a romantic masterpiece, he seems unable to produce something without having experienced it himself. However, he sometimes sends magazine articles to a local publisher who helps him survive. He is proud to present himself as an Italian but, deep in his heart, he really feels his Italian origin as a burden. The little money and courage to conquer the world he once had all left long ago and he sees his dream turn into a hangover he still has a penny to spend. <br /> <br /> The coffee she brought him was cold and sour and spitting on her triggers an endless relationship of insults, unexpressed excuses and hidden love. Camilla is an uneducated girl trying to obtain US citizenship through a marriage. It also carries a heavy racial legacy. Although she is much stronger and more experienced than ever, her situation as a beautiful Mexican woman is much more difficult to manage than Artturo is able to achieve. <br /> <br /> Is it obvious that Arturo finally finds his inspiration to work on the novel? Is it possible that their love finally finds its place in the sun? Is it likely that their relationship will be unfortunate? <br /> <br /> It is very surprising to note that the chemistry between the two main characters, played by Salma Hayek and Colin Farrell, does not work. The relationship lacks raw and authentic feelings. Hayek is a more alive character compared to Farrell who forgot to arm Camilla with the passion and strength of her brilliant character, Frida. Moreover, it is difficult to believe in a character who, being intelligent but uneducated and illiterate, uses rather difficult vocabulary and complicated sentences. A harder character like Phil Marlowe would certainly suit Farrell better. Although he looks stunning in a period costume, he seems very lost in trying to find the fragile world of a twenty-year-old dreamer balancing a hidden love with the desire to be true. to himself. <br /> <br /> Feeling embarrassed to watch both on the screen is not correct. Their relationship might have been wild, but it is more likely that thunder and thunder are without thunderstorms, far from the true passion, the feelings just described are not felt inside. It is very unfortunate that such interesting scenario potential and good actors have been wasted and turned into a gray average that will soon be forgotten.
