It must have been painful to attend the dailies while filming continued after this failure of the film. Probably Cruise, the Exec. Produced, saw what was happening and made Towne use many more nude images in the final version than Towne wanted, to make up for the impending disaster (Cruise may have even thought of "Titanic"). a few items: Colin Farrell can not get out of a paper bag. But he is one of the perfumes of the decade, the darling of the producer and he is obliged to avoid the embarrassment of watching him by not watching his films. He has so many moments when he does not believe in what he does and you can see it in his eyes. I think he would have been at his best as a film actor, although he is not as rich or as famous as he is today, playing the role of the second banana before dynamic actors who can to play. The trap of spending a lot of money on vintage sets, costumes, cars, etc., and photographing them as if they came from the dyer or the carwash / wax. Nobody seems to want anything, well, worn out. Or dirty. Is it because the hierarchical producer asked the production designer to make sure that he did not ruin everything, because the company would have to pay for the ruined items? <br /> <br /> It was a story about depression - the Thirties, not a Disney Broadway musical about that time. How about doing it in black and white or better still, since Caleb Deschanel is your D.P., ask him to desaturate the colors during the mix to suggest some of the dirt and the poverty of the times. After all, it should have been a little depressing to live as desperately as those people in the Depression. More on Farrell. Did anyone for a moment believe that this guy was a writer? H.L. Mencken on the wall; have I seen his eyes roll at some point? Hayek and Farrell in a sexually dynamic duet? Send a boy do the job of a man? Maybe in the book, which I did not read, the story was about an older woman and a young man. I can not dig too deeply between the middle and the last parts of the film because I escaped early. But the memory of the scenes I saw made me think that someone was making a not-so-funny parody of a film noir. Something that Saturday Night Live looks like for a decade: not funny. (In my mind, I always thought of a drawing by Guy Noir, music and all.)
