Ned Kelly (Ledger), the famous outlaw and Australian legend. A bit like Robin Hood, with a mix of Billy the Kid, Australians love the legend that he stood up against English aristocratic oppression and united the lower classes to change Australia forever. The fact that the lower classes of the time were composed of about 70% of immigrant criminals seems to be neglected by this film. In fact, many of the so-called "facts" in this film are, on reflection, a bit doubtful. <br /> <br /> I guess the suspicions should have arisen when, in the opening credits, it was asserted The film is based on the book "Our Sunshine". If ever a romanticized version of the truth could be seen in a book name, it was. This was not meant to be a historical epic, but simply an adaptation of one of Ned Kelly's dubious legends, albeit a hard and sporadically brutal version. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Ned Kelly is fulfilled Hallmark `wannabe's real-life historical drama! The story is moving at an alarming rate (alarmingly, never has a movie been so slow!) The feeling of numbness after two hours of pure conversation recalled memories of the terrible Wyatt Earp of Costner many years ago. In simple terms, nothing happens in the movie, but it takes a long time to get to anything. It may have been a little more bearable if the performances were good (because the direction was not so good). However, unless you are looking to play the game with the worst irlish accent, you will be disappointed. Between this, the game "Who has the most stupid beard?", "Spot the obvious stabbing!" (hint, they're all ginger for some reason) and "Nature in Australia, including lions", it's an experience similar to flipping through Hallmark, The Channel History, Discovery Channel and Neighbors while undergoing a huge jab Of wood. Yes, nature comes back often, to occupy even more time (perhaps an attempt to appear artistic), the film continues to show clichés falsely wild, and once all the native species are shown, here is a circus for allow a camel and a lion (used during a fight to try to make us feel more sorry for the lion than for the slain people). <br /> <br /> This is a piece of historical fluff, without emotion, that should have gone straight to the point. TV. There is not even one word I can say about this movie. Even the usually fantastic Rush seems embarrassed to be here. When one of the characters said that he had only 2 balls left for him and his boyfriend, I wanted to have a gun myself to make me forget the memory of this movie!
