I can not pass the message of this film. He is too clear to be ignored, and he is obscene because he has lost the meaning of his words. I did not read the novel, but Pollack's film begins with a scene in a CIA front organization in New York, in which two professional assassins, led by Max von Sydow, broke into the house. Members we have come to know and understand. The staff includes an elderly receptionist, a very old teacher, an elderly professor whose toe falls when strafed (is it a joke?), And finally, the beautiful Tina Chen who looks up from the copier, realizes that she is about to be murdered, and says, bravely pitiful, "I will not shout." Von Sydow responds sympathetically: "I know." These murders are completely unexpected, wild, with no motivation for what we know and graphics. It's a brutal scene. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely no way to redeem von Sydow and his henchman. And yet, that's exactly what Pollack is trying to do towards the end. <br /> <br /> After killing these good innocents, von Sydow changes sides (because the other side is willing to pay him) and kills the evil brain behind a complicated intramural CIA plot. The scenario transforms him into a perfectly reasonable and sensitive human being. "It's better to live in Europe, things are not in such a hurry." Or whatever. I swear I'm not inventing anything. Pollack wants us to believe that it's better to be an honest mass murderer than a dishonest bureaucrat. This is the message. You should write it in case you forget it. What kind of psychiatric disorder do you need to transform ordinary values, not to mention common sense, upside down like that? I understand that there are thoughtful adults who do not like the United States government, even hate it, and see conspiracies everywhere, providing an unthinking explanation for otherwise inexplicable events. I know that people who think that way exist because I am among their closest friends. Nevertheless, at a given moment, this hatred, this hatred, if it intensifies, must go beyond politics or ethics to go to the field of psychiatry. I do not think for a moment that a man who kills people for money is better than a sinister government official. I do not care how the murderer is cultivated and suave or if he knows how to reach the Louvre by metro. Anyone who conveys this message needs medicine or meditation. <br /> <br /> I wish I could say that the production is as rotten as its message, but I can not. It's pretty well done. (In some ways, it's worse, because it makes the film less fictitious.) Even New York City looks photogenic on screen. And it's been a long time since I consider New York as photogenic. Robert Redford does an admirable job of projecting the initial shock and confusion of his character, but then turns into a semi-genius of telecommunications. And, man, he looks good! His wardrobe is just right. Even his rimless glasses become. And his caban. Not everyone can give a marine jacket a glamorous look. He looks extremely handsome too, pork. I want to look like this. I want to wear a denim shirt and tie with such a plume. Faye Dunaway plays well in her role, but this role is not too credible. Would anyone sleep impatiently with a guy who just kidnapped her and held her at arm's length? Even if he looked like Redford? Would anyone be hurt emotionally if, when this ambivalent relationship ended, Redford asked him to say nothing about what had happened? Cliff Robertson is surprisingly good. He makes one or two very good double-takes. The factor is superb. The brawl between him and Redford in a crowded apartment is extremely choreographed and, for once, we really do not know how it's going to happen, because Redford (a book reader after all) seems ill suited to the brutal ruse of this employee . assassin. This is one of the last roles of John Housemann. A shame. He is a magnet on the screen. And what an end of his life: a friend finds him lost, wandering the streets of New York, in a neighborhood he had known almost forever. <br /> <br /> Yes, the film is very well done, but I can not ignore this vicious and paranoid message. I have the same problem with Leni Riefenstahl's "Triumph of the Will". Or his Olympic documentary in which the announcer watches a run in which Jesse Owens takes the lead and says in a worrying way: "This negro is dangerous."
