It's a little difficult for me to say, because I liked Targets so much that "Paper Moon", but I thought "The Last Picture Show" was a film that was a bit fascinating but too complacent. Its main advantage, in my opinion, is the breathtaking photography. But for me, the film has nothing to offer beyond the beauty of the surface (and a kind of hidden beauty). The characters were very difficult to understand or maintain. Basically, you had this very slow pace and naturalist style of action, but it was all there to support a very stereotyped and predictable story, complemented by all that one would expect from a small town - boy's melodrama who cheats with the wife of his teacher to the disabled kid that everyone chooses. It was like "American Graffiti" without the joy of living. <br /> <br /> Some might say this film is more realistic - nowadays, many people seem to think that realism is the only virtue a film can possess. But for me, the film was simply oppressive, and I want to see it as badly as I would like to spend a few hours in this miserable city where the characters live. <br /> <br /> Maybe this movie really belongs to his time - maybe if I had seen it in 1971, I would have been impressed by its novelty, just by seeing something different on the screen. But that would basically imply that I've never seen anything like Godard's "breathlessness," for example. Maybe the obvious references to classic movies would have appealed to the movie geek in me and helped me forget some of the film's weaknesses. But in the post-Tarantino world, this hardly seems to be unique or special either. <br /> <br /> It's interesting to see how he uses the film's films to give more depth to his own film. We see 3 movies that I remember in the show. We first see Vincente Minnelli's "Father of the Bride" - the exquisite look of Liz Taylor offers a contrast similar to that of Sonny's girlfriend, and the studied medium of the upper middle class of Minnelli contrasts the same way with the real world of the character. Later, clips from Howard Hawks' "Red River" highlight the theme of a broken friendship between a mentor and a protégé. It really reminds me that Bogdanovich embraces the buttocks of his own mentor, just as he did if I remember picking a Hawks movie as part of his own on-screen reverie with Boris Karloff in "Targets". I guess in 1971, that sort of thing was new, but today it sounds pretty complacent, like the rest of the movie. <br /> <br /> In the end, I'd rather see another film by Hawks, Ford or Minnelli than having Bogdanovich's movie remind us why they were so striking in a way that was not so subtle as it was subtle. Perhaps he intends to remind us of the giants whose time has passed - he just reminds us how small he is and most of his contemporaries are in relationship.
