I usually begin by telling the premise of the film, but before anyone hastily pronounces on my criticism, let me preface it by saying that I am someone who loves most movies (check my other reviews). Alone in the Dark is a film by director Uwe Boll, whose film preceded this one was House of the Dead (2003). Like Alone in the Dark, it was also a film adaptation of a video game. Almost everyone hated him. Well, I loved it. I even gave him a 10 out of 10! What I mean by saying this (which will surely dissuade some readers) is that, even though I hated Alone in the Dark, there must have been a problem. <br /> <br /> The premise: Who am I kidding? Wanting to state a premise for this film is about as easy as balancing the US budget, but here it goes anyway. Some archaeologists have discovered traces of a lost Native American tribe. The Indian tribe apparently discovered a way to approach the "second world", which was perverse in nature. The bad things annihilated them, but not before they could lock the door of the evil world and throw the key. Later, a government scientist / researcher who had experienced the paranormal, and especially this tribe, decided to experiment with children to try to produce some kind of hybrid with the second world. (Believe it or not - all that has been said so far and some are told to us in a written prologue of the film - it is simply a white text scrolling on a black screen with a voice off we also reading). Then there was something about children in an orphanage, but the government takes them outside, then a group of people is looking for archaeological remains, and there are wandering superhumans, and a group military is called and so on. <br /> <br /> In fact, the exhibition never really stops. It's like an endless story of hell. Here, there are enough ideas to fill at least 10 films, maybe 25. But none of them are presented in a consistent way to create a good movie. In addition to the lost mystic Indian tribe and the superhuman, we also have monsters that look like a cross between Alien and a werewolf, worms that invade your body and turn into snake-like extraterrestrials, digging under tunnels. earth, zombies, wars similar to those of Starship Trooper. , diabolic scientists, underground cellars, gold mines, spooky warehouses, large museums mostly unused, government conspiracies, gilded trunks torn from the sea, nuns, explosions, complex plots of stabbing, very ambiguous romance, car chases , invasions at home, kitchen sinks. . . Wait, I do not remember if he was in the movie. Even more surprisingly (fun?), In Fangoria # 240, producer Shawn Williamson reportedly said, "We spend a lot more time telling stories, being very meticulous about it." Tara Reid called Alone in the Dark "a smarter movie". <br /> <br /> Do not let anyone mislead me. Many of these things above may seem delicious to the potential audience of this movie, but the problem is that nothing has anything to do with anything else. Usually, I did not know what was the relationship between one set and another, why we were there or what someone was doing (at least at the beginning of each scene). It's just a random mix of settings and clichés, as if director Uwe Boll had 250 ideas unrelated to a hat and pulled them out like lottery numbers. Then, when he finished, director Richard Schwadel and himself decided to cut the film using dice, and then reassemble it by launching the I Ching. Sometimes the film runs like an extended director's film (a combination of short, varied and unrelated scenes that directors circulate to try to find work), but it may be too generous. I'm not sure Boll would have a job if it was his turn. <br /> <br /> Just as I tend to like at least most movies, I tend to like most actors and performances. It's very rare that I say that a performance was bad. Well, Tara Reid was mean here - and I'm someone who usually likes Reid. I do not know what happened For a significant percentage of the film, they simply move it as an accessory. They might as well have bought an inflatable doll. This would have saved them money they could have used for some ghosts and cgi vampires in castles and cemeteries. Perhaps they chose to move it like a nice piece of driftwood after seeing the rushes of her nonsense dialogue in a monotone that is usually reserved for entertaining stepmothers. <br /> <br /> And speaking of this dialogue, a lot of Alone in the Dark plays like a Godzilla movie without Godzilla. I mean, that's a lot of pseudo-scientific gobbledy-gook. At least in Godzilla's films, there is courage, because they know how ridiculous it is, and there is a big advantage in seeing Godzilla destroy the city center and fight a giant gnat with rays. radioactive death shooting from his eyes. <br /> <br /> It's hard to say what Stephen Dorff and Christian Slater are doing here, besides committing lawsuits and prosecuting their agents. I can not say that I thought everyone in the movie had a decent performance, although Slater may have at least seen the cigar. I think it's unprecedented for me. <br /> <br /> Yet, I did not give this film a 1. There was a competent cinematography, even though Boll and Schwadel made some mint meat, and the hard rock tunes the credits of end were good. Heck, even the prologue to the novelette was not so bad. I actually thought the movie was promising at that time. But this is perhaps the worst film I have ever seen with a budget of 20 million or more.
