This film proves that not all films made in Hollywood are worth seeing. It's not because you have an excellent cast overall that it can defeat a scenario that was probably written by a chimpanzee! Think about it - the film featured Richard Widmark, Lauren Bacall, Charles Boyer, Gloria Graham, Lillian Gish and Paul Stewart and yet it was still a bad movie! The basic principle of the film is not bad: a private psychiatric hospital where the staff is more botched than the patients! In addition, the subplot involving the overworked husband and wife (Widmark and Graham) was very promising. However, the script was treated with all the finesse and agility of a drunk buffalo - with bellicose scenes and surpassing all other scenes in the film. In fact, it was less like a drama than a very bad episode of "General Hospital". Subtle, this movie is not !! Realistic, this movie is not !! <br /> <br /> Most of the reasons this film stuttered were due to the horrific scenario, but I also hold producers responsible for misinterpreting and misusing veteran actors. For example, Paul Stewart may not be a well-known name, but this actor has exceptional talent - especially when he plays gangsters in Black Film. Yet here, Stewart is portrayed as a very indescribable psychiatrist with a bizarre European accent - it simply did not work, as it was well outside of his role as an actor and his character was totally untapped and unidimensional. In addition, Charles Boyer seemed totally unrecoverable and totally out of place. Seeing this excellent romantic psychiatrist actor in the heart of America just seemed weird. <br /> <br /> All in all, it's a pretty awful movie. It is very easy to look into some sort of train wreck but it is certainly not very pretty. My wife and I did not like the movie a lot, but we also thought it could have been very good if the writing had been competent. <br /> <br /> PS - In an imitation of life, Oscar Levant played one of the patients. In real life, the brilliant Levant spent much of his life in psychiatric institutions.
