First of all, I would like to emphasize that this film has absolutely nothing to do with the Dutch folk history of the ghost ship, also called THE FLYING DUTCHMAN. In this film, you will not see a single sailboat. You will not see sailors, ghosts or anything exciting from a distance. This is not the story of the ghost ship, and I wish they had reported it to the main credits or I would not have watched it, because I really thought it was the movie on the legend. It seems that many people think that the film has to do with the legend of the ghost ship, because the film is listed on the Wikipedia page for the caption "Flying Dutchman" ... I do not understand why. It may be based on the similar legend called "The Wandering Jew"? Or maybe they just adapted the worst aspects of the legend? The film begins with a fight sequence that gives hope that the film will have battle scenes. Unfortunately, this is the only battle scene in the movie. Then you will see Daniel Emilfork (who was Krank in City of Lost Children) for about two seconds, which would hope that the film will play well. Unfortunately, he is very bad in the movie. The same can be said of the Italian actor Nino Manfredi, who has been one of the best actors in Italia to date, and who is condemned here to embody a crazy bird fighter without a back story whose only purpose is to appear to be the "wise" of the film. And my boy, does this film need wisdom! All the other characters in the story seem to like swimming in excrement, screaming, torturing others (in excrement), fornication (in excrement) or depositing in excrement, a little more simply for pleasure. It seems to be so much fun that every character in the story is thrown into the droppings at one time or another. If you come from a Dutch filmmaker, you might think that extreme dirtiness and really shocking dirt are necessary elements in a period piece, elements that helped make the film by Dutch filmmaker Paul Verhoeven, "Flesh + Blood ", such a great movie. The thought of "Flesh + Blood" would hope that a film as dirty and visually simple would be good. Unfortunately, and unlike "Flesh + Blood", there is no spectacular progression, no fighting, no good acting, and more simply, no "flesh and blood". The photograph, as the opening sequence unfolds, is well made and seductive. This also stops very early in the film. The music of Nicola Piovani (from "La vita e bella") is repetitive and annoying when it is not unimportant (it sometimes implies that there is greatness in a sequence, while on screen, actors splash in liquid feces). Throughout the first "act" of the film, which lasts no less than an hour (!), The film takes place in the same perimeter, around the farm where live the main characters. The characters play a lot with the feces, drowning, playing. A long period of time passes through many ellipses to allow the main character, a young boy who likes to play with excrement, to age and play again with excrement. The bird-man speaks a lot to say nonsense in Italian. The Spanish conquistadors speak French. Nothing makes sense. Everything is confusing and takes hours to arrive. Then there is a second act called "the ship", in which we see what could have been a ship a long time ago, but now remains of a ship (covered with excrement, did I mention? ). The main character, walking a little further from the farm, falls on her and decides that it's really cool, so let's live it. The hunchback who lived there before tries to kill him, but he does not really fear him because (did I mention?) He is not very brilliant. He thinks that the ship can sail and hope to sail on it until more conquistadors appear (at least they seemed to be conquistadors because of the Don Quichotte style hats but as I said, it's really confusing that is who), make the Dutchman a prisoner, with the backward hunchback, and they burn the ship to the ground. The last part of the film, which is really hard for the viewer to endure, because it consists of even more feces with even more delayed peasants fighting in it, takes place in an insane asylum. Even more torture and drowning with excrement. Even more loitering for the director, who seems to have definitely given up his work, or entrusted the rest to the camera assistant of the crew to do the rest of the work. In the end, many of the new mentally challenged "friends" that the Dutch have killed are dead. The woman with whom he had sex, who was his brother's wife, is trying to get him to meet his son. The Dutchman and his son speak. The film ends after two hours of crazy pictures and theatrical performances and disastrous techniques. Then, the credits return and the viewer is free to watch atrocious movies without intrigue claiming to be as exciting as fantasy films based on legends. they do not have enough money to organize battles or even horses.
