The very night I watched this, I also watched "Scary Movie 4", doing a double function messed up. Unfortunately for these killer tomatoes, they could not resist the riot of laughter that is the Scary Movie franchise. As I struggled with boredom here looking at stupid and stupid jokes, brutally dated and brutally bad, the more recent parody made me laugh out loud. How could I desire more than that? Director John De Bello uses the basic principle that a kind of growth hormone has gone terribly wrong and turned tomatoes into killers. But his main objective here is to slap the kind of disaster film that was so big at the time. The script breathes humor of stoner, and maybe if you take illegal substances with your movie nights, it could be your cup of tea. Sober, I was stuck watching an adult man take cover like a tomato. And this joke, which is never funny, where the difference between the Japanese actor and the voiceover is also present. Some may laugh, I do not have. They even had a Hitlerian joke that was not funny, and I thought all the Hitler jokes were funny. <br /> <br /> The story of this film is so exploded (without good reason) that it is almost impossible to explain it. Tomatoes kill people, the government tries to stop them, they are told bad jokes. Their goal may be right since their targets include the media, consumerism and paranoia (three things that still control our lives today). Curiously, the main selling point of this film, these pesky tomatoes, really does not have much appearance. And when they do, get this, they are played by real tomatoes. This gimmick that has been washed has brought nothing to me because I can only very little watch a pack of tomatoes devour a body through the magic of camera action stop tricks. There is also a fear of having a break at work that keeps this movie from being really funny. The gag to fall asleep in almost any scene may appeal to some members of the audience, but it will more than likely be perceived as an invitation to the party. <br /> <br /> I would add that there seems to be an old-fashioned human egoism at work here. The man eats tomato and it is dinner, the tomato eats of the man and it is a world disaster. But that's how the world works. In the film, the product becomes bad because of genetic modification, but in the real world, our product (see: Taco Bell) becomes bad because of negligence. And like those bad green onions, the life of this movie has long since expired. There are some good laughs to have. The last shot was really beautiful, but it was far from enough to save this moderate stink bomb. I'm pretty sure there's a good movie at the bottom of this concept, but the script had to be filtered through a dozen rewrites to make it happen. And by "there" I mean at the level of "Scary Movie 4". ** 1/4
