If you are a recognized connoisseur of cult cinema and / or bad cinema, there is a moment in life? preferably sooner than later ?? that you have to watch "Attack of Killer Tomatoes". This is an absolute certainty, because it is one of the most notoriously terrible cult movies ever made. A tiny but essential detail, however, is that "The attack of killer tomatoes" is deliberately horrible. From the opening message, mocking Alfred Hitchcock's "The Birds", it's clearly a budget-free parody and I can not escape the impression that writer / director John De Bello is did not expect his film to become so successful. The film deceives the contemporary popular trend of so-called "eco-horror" films (plants, animals and nature in general revolted against humanity) and introduces the type of vegetable the least threatening that one can imagine, namely immutable killing machines. A secret government farm project to produce bigger and tastier tomatoes is going terribly wrong and soon we learn that tomato attacks have occurred across the country. The president sets up a special forces team to fight the juicy enemy, which includes secret agents with very specific skills and scientists with horribly dubbed voices. The first half hour of "The Attack of Tomato Killers" is very funny. As stupid as it may be, the sight of normal-shaped vegetables coming out of the sink and attacking the hysterical housewives is quite original and amusing. The first half hour also contains many memorable moments such as the catchy song, the tribute "Jaws" and the famous unforeseen helicopter crash (see section "Anecdotes" to know more) that led to the final cut . After that, though, everything becomes a tedious, unstructured and unbearably amateurish mess. The quality level of the jokes goes from cool and inventive to embarrassing and downright funny and there are too many characters and subplots. Personally, I prefer the suites of the late 80s and early 90s (that I had seen before seeing the original), because they enjoy slightly better production values, incredibly beautiful special effects on the Tomato and the presence of veteran actor John Astin ("The Family Addams") as the mad scientist Dr. Gangreen. But, as I said before, the original remains inexplicably binding at the time of your visit.
