*** Warning - this review contains "spoilers of intrigue", although nothing can "spoil" this movie, any more than it already is. It's really so bad. *** <br /> <br /> Before I start, I would like to say to everyone that this is really one of those movies so incredibly bad that you fall into laughter. If you are in a light mood and need a hearty laugh, this is the movie for you. Now, without further ado, my review: <br /> <br /> This movie was found in a bargain basket at Wal-Mart. This should be the first clue to the quality of a movie. Second, it stars Dolph Lundgren, a lame actress. This should be the second clue as to the quality of a movie. I'm still shocked that he was even put on DVD (who would waste his money doing such a thing?), Although, as you can imagine, there are no snippets or bonus sequences on the DVD. In fact, there is not even a menu; the movie is just beginning to be read. <br /> <br /> The writer of this film deserves to be tortured and killed. It has one of the worst scripts ever written and is plagued by terrible one-liners; remarkably incredible, false dialogue; and inappropriate comments (like Lee's comment on Lundgren's, uh, manhood, which I'll mention later). There is not a single line of sincere sound throughout the film. The dialogue and the intrigue go hand in hand, because the script and the plot progress in a totally insane way. The two cops hate each other for no apparent reason at first, then again for no reason, Lee's character stops on the side of the road, runs to the other side of the car and says, "I'm not I will not let you go alone, because despite myself, I love you! And I do not want to see you being killed! . or something to that extent, anyway. There are disgusting one-liners, mostly cited by Lee. For example, when talking to a villain, Lee says, "You have the right to remain silent. You have the right to be dead! Finally, I will mention Lee's totally inappropriate and absurd comment about Lundgren's lower regions. When the villains start attacking after a seemingly random love scene between Lundgren and Carrere, and Lundgren decides to fight them in underwear, Lee says, "In case of death, I just wanted to tell you that you have the bigger dick I've ever seen on a guy ... yes, he does say that, that makes no sense and is not even possible (Lee never sees Lundgren naked, so how would he know?) But the writer still threw it into the script.The whole movie looks like some sort of action video game, and Lee even admits it, after Lee and Lundgren, who has only -clothes, have defeated all these villains, Lee makes a comment just as beautiful: "Wow, it's a bit like a video game; we have just conquered the first wave! '<br /> <br /> Secondly, the plot of this film is despicable. In my opinion, he suffers mainly from the fact that he simply does not exist. The trailer for this film - which IMDb can watch, by the way - gives the impression that the film is about two cops trying to prevent Japanese Yakuza from seizing Lost Angeles. This is extremely misleading, however, because the film has little to do with it. They are very brief vague allusions to Yakuza trying to start a meth business with local drug dealers, but the whole film is about a poorly written ACTUALLY attempt Kenner (Lundgren's character) to avenge the death of his parents. The leader of Yakuza (named Yoshida) was killed when he was only 9 years old. The whole plot can be summarized as follows: Yoshida wants Kenner dead, Kenner wants Yoshida dead and both try to kill each other. And of course, all this time, Kenner's sarcastic companion (named Johnny and played by Brandon Lee) behaves like an ignorant idiot and Tia Carrere undresses. two times. <br /> <br /> The acting game is one of the worst parts of the film. The dialogue is so unrealistic, and their perfectly honest description emphasizes it even more. Anyway, we would expect the action stars to play badly, but this film highlights some of the most unimaginably bad actors ever recorded. <br /> <br /> Finally, we come to the heart of the baseness of the film: the flagrant action. There are so many incredibly bad and unrealistic action sequences in this movie, it's just awesome that they've managed to integrate them all. Although Lee also has his lot of bad scenes, most really terrible actions involve Lundgren. For example, Lundgren nonchalantly battles four or five wicked kung fu in one hand, without spilling his tea. Then, surprised by a car coming at full speed, Lundgren casually jumps on it. Or how about when he reaches THROUGH a closed door, catches the bad guy on the other side, pulls him out the door again and hits him? Or when he picks up Tia Carrere, walks slowly (not backward) through a glass door that breaks around him and jumps from a height of one floor with Tia still in arms, to then lift a whole car without the less effort and use it as a barricade to protect them from bullets? All shameless clashes are also terrible. Lundgren and Lee instantly killed all the villains, while the rain of bullets from their fifty assailants did not seem to touch any of them. This is of course until the last fight scene of the film. Lundgren is shot at close range in his bare chest, in a region that, even if it fails his heart, would begin to fill with blood and kill him in just a few seconds. Despite this, Lundgren remains in impeccable condition and manages to break up in the middle of a parade with Yoshida, the villainous super villain. And of course, parades of parades disguised as samurai wear real katanas perfectly sharpened, which the two men use to fight with the sword. Now, in addition to his gunshot wound, Lundgren receives several deep slices in his chest and arms. Does it stop him? No of course not! In fact, a few seconds later, after easily killed the evil Yoshida (who was trapped in a wheel-like darts then ignites without reason) Lundgren away casually with Tia and Lee as s he was not hurt. . My God, it's terrible. <br /> <br /> All these factors are then mixed with a totally useless and free nude scene every five minutes, including topless women at a party, beheading a topless woman , striptease club, nude women in a Japanese spa, and useless whirlpool and love scene with Tia. Not to mention the trip to the bizarre sushi bar, where rich Japanese men eat sushi on naked women. What incites besides Lee to say with a factitious enthusiasm that after having overcome the villains, he and Lundgren will "go to eat fish of these naked chicks!" Which, of course, is followed by a disturbing record of five. And we can not forget the terrible editing, as when the bad guys crush a man stuck in a car in a scrapyard and the editors leave a very obvious glimpse of a mannequin. The credits also list a huge list of stunt people, which means movie stars probably did not do a lot of things after all. <br /> <br /> In the end, this film surpasses him several times. brazen wickedness. It is illogical and impossible, and therefore remarkably entertaining. If you are looking for a serious cinema, this film will make you want to die. If you are looking for a good time to laugh and make fun of the bad performance, this movie will delight you. As a film, I will deserve this movie at 0.5 out of 10. As a fun way to lose an hour and eighteen minutes, however, this beauty takes the cake.
