The funny sound you can hear from watching this execrable version of Jules Verne's classic "Journey to the Center of the Earth" is that of Verne turning in his grave. The only thing about this 80 minute opus that has something to do with "Journey to the Center of the Earth" is the title. Otherwise, all the rest of this dull production is new and not worth watching. In fact, the director wrote to IMDb.COM that he had only done eight minutes of "Journey to the Center of the Earth" and that the studio had been nailed to a portion of Dollman director Albert Pyun's sequel. to his own "Alien from LA". with Kathy Ireland. Obviously, the producers ran out of money and to fulfill their contractual obligations abroad, they grafted the sequel of Pyun to the film of the director Rusty Lemorande. Please do not rent and buy this miserable trash. <br /> <br /> Unlike Henry Levin's "Journey to the Center of the Earth" (1959) vintage piece with James Mason and Pat Boone, "Journey of Lemorande" in the center of the earth "takes place in contemporary Hawaii Two companions, a British nanny and a dog come together for the adventure of their lives purely by chance Richard (Paul Carafotes of "Blind Date") and his brother obsessed with the cartoon Bryan ( Ilan Mitchell-Smith of "Weird Science") goes to discover a cave The heroine, Crystina (Nicola Cowper of "Underworld"), works for a domestic service called "Nannies R Us." Crystina has always dreamed of nanny, but she did less than her five nanny jobs, but her friendly supervisor, Mrs. Ferry (Lynda Marshall of "Africa Express"), sent her to Hawaii, Crystina's new client, rock star Billy Foul (Jeremy Crutchley of "Doomsday"), who is planning a final concert to revive his behind, a dog named Bernard. Foul wants Crystina to take Bernard to a dog spa. Crystina awaits the arrival of her taxi when a careless motel accidentally places the basket that hides Bernard in Richard's jeep. You see, Foul hid his dog in a basket because the management of a motel strictly forbids pets on their premises. Foul disguised the dog as a human baby. Anyway, Crystina catches a taxi and tells the driver to follow Richard. <br /> <br /> Once she has caught them to get her dog, the taxi driver moves away and abandons him. Crystina asks Richard to bring her back to town, but he has other plans. Unfortunately, Crystina joins the guys and they get lost, then end up in the lost city of Atlantis, a police state ruled by a dictator, in the center of the Earth. The leaders of Atlantis repeatedly inform their citizens that life on the surface does not exist. Our heroes and our heroine stumbled upon Atlantis. Atlantis looks like a disco and everyone seems to be coming out of a punk rock opera. The ruler of Atlantis, General Rykov (Janet Du Plessis of "Operation Hit Squad"), organizes a raid on the surface with clones of the first human, Wanda Saknussemm (Kathy Ireland of "Necessary Roughness"), to visit at Atlantis. Predictably, General Rykov's machinations to rule Atlantis and overthrow the Earth are failing and our heroes and our heroine are saving the situation. <br /> <br /> "Journey to the center of the Earth" is an abomination. The film seems to be a comedy despite its superficial satire on dictatorships. Albert Pyun is one of my favorite low-budget action directors, but he has let go of this light science-fiction saga.
