Journey to the center of the earth tells the story of some Hawaiian tourists, including three siblings, and one of them, a young British nurse who keeps a dog. When siblings accidentally leave their jeep with the dog biscuit basket, the nanny follows them (perhaps it would have been safer to buy more) to the cave that the brothers and sisters intended to explore (I guess). For some reason, they go to the cave and, when the place begins to give way, they try to escape in vain, except for the six-year-old sister who they ask to fetch 'help. Meanwhile, the more they move into the cave, the more they continue to collapse further and further to the cavernous nucleus of the Earth. And here is where the City of Atlantis and its strange extraterrestrial inhabitants live under the oppressive domination of an alien who does not want them to ask many questions about the worlds outside their world . <br /> <br /> I see that Rusty Lemorande, the film's nominated director, commented on this film, in which he explains that part of the second half of this film is actually the sequel to Alien in LA . It was an unbelievably cheap movie that I would rank slightly higher than City Limits (a 1988 science-fiction film also made on a non-existent budget), because at least the end of this dreadful, almost incoherent film cuts corners where it can be a little amused and amused in the last 20 minutes, when we finally see what life looks like in the alien world in the center of the Earth. I also give him two stars instead of one, because it was sometimes funny, even if it was only in its subtleties. For example, foreigners ask the British girl if she is a foreigner and she explains that the ministry should send her working visa shortly. Or when the extraterrestrial girl finds Bryan and explains that he is in the city of Altantis and takes it for Atlantic City, New Jersey. Small things like this make tolerable the idiocy of the first hour. Imagine how great the film could have been if it had 1) really intended to do it and 2) it actually had money to do it. <br /> <br /> I like the fact that in the end, nobody asks. what happened to the little sister who was sent back early for help. She would walk in the Hawaiian caves and not too far from the erupting volcano, notice.
