Blade film. Completely without interest. No chemistry at all between Indiana Jones and the guy from Black Hawk Down. The car chase scene continues over and over again, ad nauseum. They manage to change vehicles several times, but always find themselves behind the bad guys. The scene where Hartnett catches the family car with the crying children at the back was as stupid as possible. He tells them about Eastern philosophy and explains how acceptable it is to die, which I imagine the authors found funny or even spiritual. It turned out to be ridiculous, totally unbelievable and even cruel. <br /> <br /> Some secondary intrigues have not even been explored, they have simply been used as a filler. Why does Hartnett get sick seeing corpses while ordering hamburgers at the scene of the crime? Why, and for what reasons, is the evil AI suddenly arrested by the leader? Why can IA take the police mates and let them answer their phone or pretend to be Indian mystics and let them out of there without even slapping themselves? For some reason, even if Ford is discovered as a cheater and a fraudster when he acts as a real estate agent (he sets prices when he tries to sell the producer's house to set up his own commission), they keep coming back to him anyway! They knew he had lied to them both! Yet they were there, agreed that both would never commit. Stupid, just stupid. It's also one of those cop movies in which they end up on public streets without worrying about the innocent. There they were, standing on the sidewalk, jumping, while people bent down to get under cover. It's amazing that they did not hit anyone after firing about 60 shots each. <br /> <br /> The script writing was terrible, the action sequences were boring, the Plot was just a sidestory for a very pathetic attempt to have us as root for Ford and Hartnett. It fails miserably. And the phone of Ford! Turn off this damn thing! How many times could it ring in a two-hour movie? 50? 60? It was frustrating in the middle of the film! Every 30 seconds, that silly look would be played! And if it was not Ford's, then Hartnett's sounded! It was incredibly annoying! <br /> <br /> Total time loss, Ford's worst film since 6 Days 7 Nights, which was undoubtedly the lowest point of his brilliant career.
