Well, this movie really made me feel like I signed up for an IMDb account just to alert people. It is obviously AWFUL !! NOTHING makes sense in this film. There are far too many subplots to start with. Josh Hartnett's character is an aspiring actor and yoga instructor, as well as a policeman who seems to live far beyond his means and teaches yoga only to horny girls (some of them are waiting naked in his jacuzzi for his return from work). Add to that the fact that his father was killed by a dishonest policeman who happens to be involved in the ongoing crime being investigated by the unfortunate duo. The character of Harrison Ford tries to sell real estate on the side and sleeps with the ex-wife of the internal affairs investigator who runs a psychic radio show that the Ford character calls from time to time. NONSENSE !! <br /> <br /> I do not remember the names of the characters (it's a forgotten fact), so I call them Ford and Hartnett. <br /> <br /> Then there is the dialogue. which is brutal. I mean things that cause squeaks here. Add all the clichés of the book (have your heart at heart in a dark bar during the day over a glass where the bartender knows his name, the duo being the subject of a judicial investigation (why ??), hartnett face to the murderer of his father) and you have a hell of a mess. <br /> <br /> As I said, the plot is absurd and the continuity nonexistent: 1) When Ford's car is taken over, how do the repo guys know where he would be station? Did they follow him? 2) When Hartnett goes to the morgue and it turns out that the only hint of the crime scene (an earring) is reproduced on the charred bodies (that was a chance!) 3) When both are stopped and taken for questioning - Ford keeps answering his phone and Hartnett "focuses" with a yoga pose on the table. Instead of taking the phone from Ford, the head of the AI ​​waits to ring it every time, then try to take it before Ford does. Meanwhile, the RN officer with Hartnett rubs against him. Then, inexplicably, both are released without answering any questions. 4) During the car chase, Hartnett's car crashes and makes its way through Hollywood but suddenly the car becomes perfect again. Not a scratch! 5) When Ford chases the villain into the building and climbs into the elevator, how does he know which floor the villain ended up ?? 6) When the two pursue the villain in the hartnett car, Ford tries to conclude a real estate contract. Come on! 7) The bad guy is the most convincing executive of all time. His motivation to kill a group of budding rappers on his label? They could leave his etiquette and it's a warning to keep his other bands loyal. But hang in there, how will he ever sign a new business plan with this company? 8) Why is the type IA investigating Ford finally stopped? There is no explanation !! 9) And Hartnett uses his "game" to capture the villain at the end. <br /> <br /> I could go on, I could really. Anyone who looks deeper into this film than a heroic action comedy needs his head examined because that's all. There is nothing else to this! It's not supposed to be satirical or ironic. It's just shit.
