Three giant tigers (.. created in a laboratory from mitochondrial DNA, a "genetic breakthrough" from fossil materials) are unleashed accidentally released as a result of a series of events (like the virus introduced by a geek of the computer to unlock the security measures keeping the station's novelty stores closed during construction and a security guard leaving an open door while searching for the missing page of a porn magazine that was flying upwind ) that threaten the lives of those with whom she comes in contact. Tigers are always hungry, but are unable to digest what they eat. So that tigers tear their prey to shreds. Among the victims, there is a group of children (... The stereotypes include a Gothic girl, a jock and a technical nerd), security agents and scoundrels a little developed that we can easily despise and wish a horrible death . <br /> <br /> Attack of the Sabretooth offers some of the most wicked computer-simulated animals I have ever seen. And, the sequence of the final death is presented in such a putrid way that you will ask in the deepest recesses of your soul for the time devoted to this truly awful exercise in the creature-like gun. There is a bit of black humor coming from the head torn from the neck, but even in this case, the work of prosthesis is not convincing. Prosthetic body parts and blood abound as victims jump on top of each other, begging for help and receiving none. I'm starting to look like a broken record and I repeat myself in all the comments I write for these sci-fi channel movies. I think it may be time to switch to other types of cinema. Robert Carradine plays the role of a ruthless businessman who is courted by his ex-brother-in-law, really disgusting, Nicholas Bell, who opened "Primal Park", a resort / zoo where the tiger-toed genetically created sabers are the main attraction. Stacy Haiduk, always so delicious, is a security officer who tries to convince Bell to convince investors that he hopes to boost by investing in his multi-million dollar project to leave the island. Brian Wimmer is Haiduck's lover and his role is a mechanic who ensures the smooth running of operations. <br /> <br /> Bell's destiny at the end, resulting from the dislodged tooth of a saber-toothed tiger statue, is the hollow. Carradine spends much of the movie taunting Bell, his scam. The tiger's point of view shows the humans in a bright color as he walks toward them. The film ultimately consists of characters walking in dark corridors (the technology nerd virus cut off from the current) worried about their safety. College kids break in to mark some of the necessary things (it's a treasure hunt activity) to get into a fraternity / sorority. The actors playing these children do not go beyond their clichés.
