The film begins with a manager (Nicholas Bell) welcoming investors (Robert Carradine) to Primal Park. A secret project to mutate a primal animal using fossilized DNA, such as the "Jurassik Park", and some scientists are resurrecting one of the most dangerous predators of nature, the saber-crested tiger or Smilodon . Scientific ambition becomes deadly, however, and when the high-voltage barrier is opened, the creature escapes and begins savagely tracking down its prey - human visitors, tourists, and scientists. Meanwhile, young people enter the restricted area of ​​the security center and are attacked by a pack of large pre-historic animals that are more deadly and larger. In addition, a security officer (Stacy Haiduk) and her companion (Brian Wimmer) are struggling against Smilodons carnivores. The Sabretooths, of course, are the real stars and are surprisingly terrifying though unconvincing. The giant animals are savagely tracking their prey and the group is fighting against the most dangerous predators of nature. In addition, a third Sabretooth, more dangerous and slower, is watching its victims. <br /> <br /> The film delivers the goods with a lot of blood and blood like decapitation, dreadful shivers, full of fright when the Sabretooths appear with mediocre special effects. The story provides exciting and exciting entertainment, but the result is quite boring. Giant animals are mostly made by a computer generator and seem totally ugly. Poor performance although players react appropriately to become food. The actors give vigorous physical performance by dodging the animals, running, leaping and jumping or hanging over the walls. And it packs a final ridiculous final scene. Not for little kids with realistic, bloody and violent attack scenes. Other films on Sabretooths or Smilodon are: "Sabretooth (2002)" by James R Hickox with Vanessa Angel, David Keith and John Rhys Davies and the much better "10,000 BC. J.-C. (2006) "of Roland Emmerich with Steven Strait, Cliff Curtis and Camilla Belle. This movie filled with bloody moments is poorly done by George Miller and without originality because takes too much of the previous films. Miller is an Australian director who usually works for television (Tidal wave, Journey to the center of the earth, and many others) and occasionally for film (The Snowy River Man, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe) . Note: Below average, bottom of the barrel.
