My score 3 does not correspond to what I would give to the original Soviet version of this film. It seems that American-International (a very affordable studio in the 60s) bought this movie and totally destroyed it - cutting a film of more than two hours into a 64-minute film! In addition, a large part of these 64 minutes was new material (like the "monsters") - so you know that this movie has almost no similarity with the original. The original film seems to be a fairly simple drama about the conquest of space by the Soviet Union - although I'm really not sure of its origin! Read Steven Nyland's article for a preview of the original movie - it has been very helpful. <br /> <br /> By the way, it was the third Soviet science fiction movie I've ever seen and bought by American-International, which then hacked it. apart from making a "new" movie - common practice for a company that was willing to put everything on the screen to make money - provided, of course, that it does not cost them much more than the money first place !! This Americanized film spoke of two rival world powers (NOT the US and the Soviets) trying to be the first on Mars. Difficult "bad guys" try but fail and "good guys" save one of the idiot astronauts and then head for Mars. Unfortunately, they are temporarily stuck on a moon in Mars where they see monsters (added by American-International) that are REAAAALLY and that look like a certain part of the female anatomy. Then they are saved - by returning to the heroes of the Earth. <br /> <br /> The result is that the movie was slaughtered - by transforming an incredibly beautiful work of art (for the moment) into a C-grade film. Because of this, the Soviets really had a reason to hate America! I'm just shocked that the horrible work I did with this movie did not convince them to refuse to sell more movies to these fools! It's worth having fun, but the really bad times that make you laugh are rare. So the film is a failure - not enough to make it a must for bad moviegoers and too crazy to be taken seriously. I would really like to see this film in its original form - it had to be an image.
