Monster is a scary film about an American concrete plant (are there any in Hollywood?) That pollutes the waters of the small Colombian town of Chimayo, creating a sort of cat-like beast with a predilection for lamb and women in freedom. James Mitchum is Bill Travis, the man who was sent to Chimayo by his rude boss, Barnes, who can not even keep his hands on the back of his secretary to get to the bottom of the story (pun intended) ). While in Chimayo, Bill faces a boring reporter who apparently broadcasts all of his stories in perfect English directly in America. I guess in the 1970s, there was a market for news of small towns in South America. There is also a radical named Sanchez who wants to sabotage the plant for water pollution which, by the way, also provides the city with jobs for the inhabitants, but why let a cold economy thwart hindering a delicate maro-marxism and disturbing. Pete, the boss of the factory, is unconsciously helped by the monster when he sleeps with his ex-girlfriend on the beach, tells him that he sees the daughter of Mayor Juanita and that it's over between them, then that she is quick to eat. A small side action without evidence. My hat is yours sir. John Carradine completes the cast as a priest convinced that the monster is sent by God to punish sinners. You can see the scorn he has to be in this movie on his face. Perhaps as well filmed to see him run to the local currency to see if his check was not bouncing. <br /> <br /> Supposedly based on a true story, so much so that they say it twice in the opening credits, this film is terrible on all fronts. Filming began in 1971 and was abandoned eight years later, when Kenneth Hartford put his foot in Monster's throat by adding his two annoying children as new characters, even putting his daughter, Andrea, to the top of the list with Mitchum and Carradine. The quality of the sound is non-existent and most of the scenes seem as if someone had smeared tar on the camera before filming. This is made even more tedious during the many night scenes. The monster itself is laughable because it raises its ugly and rubbery head to the anticlimactic end. James Mitchum and his brother Chris are proof that nepotism in the theater industry must be reduced. Dreck absolutely unassailable. Shame on you, John Carradine.
