In a summer that also boasted disgusting stinks like Snakes on Plane and The Da Vinci Code, it's a rather bold statement. But I still stick to that. Superman Returns, like King Kong 6 months before, is excessively long, hyper-indulgent and offers a perfect synthesis image. God, that kind of thing hurts my head. <br /> <br /> Richard Donner had the idea to "keep the truth" for his 2 outings. And I find that his approach to special effects and optics is the most appropriate. Brian Singer bombs us with so much CGI that it really gets you out of the story and constantly reminds you that you're watching a dream blockbuster that thinks the only way to impress an audience is to spend $ 250 million (a totally irresponsible sum). ) on unpleasant visual effects that do not live in fashion. We have seen everything and have been everywhere where CGI can take us. There is no real atmosphere or participation in it. And for a film made up of 95% of this shit ... well, you can imagine. <br /> <br /> I've read so many critics of critical fans about how the movie has "soul" or "a human heart" or "moments of tenderness." Puh-lease! We've already had superheroes screaming silently, "You would love me if you knew who I am" dozens of times in recent years, and SR offers absolutely nothing new in this regard, even the plot is recycled garbage Lex Luthor (Kevin Spacey, a serious actor who misinterprets the film, trying to destroy the American continent) was already done in the first movie! ... Well ... it's your lot! managed to get this junk out at 2.5 painful hours! Even if the cast was nice, it would make it less unbearable.But Brandon Routh has the personality on the screen of a hat mahogany Kate Bosworth is absolutely no convincing as a Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist, the best judgment. What I liked was the adorable Parker Posey. But I like girls who look weird. <br /> <br /> Every year, movies like this one become bigger and bigger. Soon we will have 300 million movies. The studios must understand that maybe they should start looking down instead of looking up. For all the money Warner spent on that shit, for all the resources this film cost, was it worth it? In my opinion, certainly not! This trash put me in Superman for life!
