First, let me just comment on what I liked about the movie. The special effects were fantastic and I rarely felt like watching a video game. That's what I can say more about this movie. In fact, I would just like everyone reading this to take note that I can not even say in words how hard it has been for me to write this review without swearing. <br /> <br /> I have innumerable complaints about the film, but four major complaints come to my mind. My first major complaint is about the incredible cheesiness of "the plot" (if you can call it that since most people have probably seen it coming), where Lois's 5 year old son is to be the super child of Superman. When the crying super-child throws a piano at Lex's henchman to save his mother, I almost got up and left the theater. Singer could have made a much better Superman movie without resorting to cheap gadgets like an apparently fragile but super powerful illegitimate child. It's been 5 days since I saw the movie and I still feel like throwing up. <br /> <br /> My next big complaint is that Superman is hoisting a continent of kryptonite into space. It's not necessary for the Simpsons comic book guy to show what's wrong with that. I do not know how many comics have been read by Brian Singer, but when Superman is exposed to a tiny amount of kryptonite, he barely has the strength to stay on his feet. Anyone who has had the idea of ​​having a large island fly by its greatest weakness in space has never been associated with projects related to Superman. The concept is as ridiculous as making a Dracula movie where the main character has an issue in his heart and still manages to fly a spaceship made of garlic in the sun. Why not just let Superman eat kryptonite? He can eat it, then brush his teeth, then fall asleep in kryptonite pajamas. It is no more absurd than to hoist a kryptonite continent into space, then to fall helpless into the atmosphere without getting burned on entering or splashing the whole central park when it hits the ground. <br /> <br /> My third big complaint is that Singer slaps moviegoers on the face with religious symbolism throughout the movie. I have to challenge his description of Superman as the only son of a God-like Jor-el sent to Earth to be a savior. Jor-el was not quite wise, he was just a scientist. And he did not send his son to earth to save him, he threw it into a rocket and hastily pulled it into space because his planet was about to explode. I will buy the allegory of Christ if Brian Singer can show me the part of the Bible in which God sends Christ to Earth because Heaven was about to explode and then pieces of Radioactive Sky became the main weakness of Christ. In addition, the "crucifixion" scene where Luthor stabs Superman to the side with a "spear" in kryptonite just makes me want to bang my face in a brick until I'm too dead not to notice the symbolism brazenly obvious and inappropriate defiling the steel man for the foreseeable future. They could as well rename this movie "Superman returns: the passion of Christ". <br /> <br /> And speaking of Luthor, my last major complaint concerns the performance of Lex Luthor by Singer. Lex Luthor is a cunning, cold-hearted business mogul who is more apt to run for president (which he does in comics) than to try to destroy the world. Man wants money and power; he wants to be in charge, not destroy everything. Yet, the movie Luthor we see Superman Returns, as well as all Superman's previous films, is a wacky theatrical fool who offers zany stratagems to destroy the world. If Singer had any loyalty to the characters in place of Superman's (rather dreadful) previous films, this movie might not be such an unbearable parody. Maybe Singer's next project could be a Batman movie in which he focuses on Batman's interpretation from a 1960s TV show. ZAM! WHAP! POW !! <br /> <br /> To summarize, I do not know what I hate the most, the movie itself or the fact that so many people seem to give it good reviews. Everyone is entitled to his opinion, but if you do not hate this movie, then your opinion is wrong. I sincerely encourage anyone reading this not to see this movie if it is not already done. Do not see it, do not buy it when it comes out on DVD, do not rent it ... basically, do not contribute in any way. This film does not deserve to earn money. In fact, I think Bryan Singer should be fined $ 45 billion for every person watching this movie. If you're a fan of Superman and you really want to see this movie, lean over and have someone kick you in the balls and you'll get the same experience without losing 2 hours of your time.
