The majority of Stephen King's short stories are small wonders, with original ideas that are developing rapidly. Basically, skinny and nasty - it quickly puts them in a small number of pages, you read them and you're done before you know you started. They're like the equivalent of a box of McDonald's fries - they taste really good and you know they do not have much nutritional value (re: from a literary point of view, they do not speak a lot of the universal human condition), but you're still going to crush them, but do not be a pig, choose an extra-super-large portion and fill up with fat (too much fat is a metaphor for prose in the novels of King, when do you find yourself reading one of them and saying, go enough with the pop-cultural commentaries or clever Yankee followers - continue the story already!) He compiled four books of anthologies news. I've read them all - from NightShift to the latest, Everything's Eventual, and they're all so effective that they're reaching the critical stage that is sometimes sorely lacking in their volume-sized novels. <br /> <br /> But his news never exceeds their reception ... which brings us to the television adaptations of Nightmares And Dreamscapes ... <br /> <br /> How on earth did they (the producers of the series) got a green light to turn stories that average 15 pages into 50-minute episodes? I will tell you how - two words - "Stephen King". The stories bearing his name are probably cheap, and one-hour shows allow more publicity than half an hour, so ... which should have been an anthology composed mostly of episodes of 23 or 24 minutes is doubled, and double the trading time ... Ka-Ching! <br /> <br /> I will not waste time summarizing the intrigues of these stories - this criticism assumes that you have already read the stories and / or seen the show; The following is just my instinctive response to what TNT has presented ... Of the four deadlines to date, here's my dime balance (from first to worst): <br /> <br /> Battleground-- This is not a classic by any means, but hey, how could anyone argue to prevent William Hurt from opening his trap by filming this episode without a single line of dialogue? And the ironic reference and destruction of Trilogy Of Terror's Zuni slayer doll proved to me that the producers (and the TV writer, who is the son of Richard Matheson - the writer of TOT) knew their mission with this one. was to make the action deadly, but at the same time, fun. It took longer than expected to get to Hurt's apartment, but I think the goal has been achieved. 8/10 <br /> <br /> The last Umney case - It pleased him mainly because of the performance of William H. Macy. I think the writer / Umney should have appeared in the story earlier in the private eye / Umney beginning because it was the reality of the story, and anyone who knew King's news (probably half, if not more of the audience) knew it The configuration of Chandleresque was to be interrupted by the reality of the writer. So let's go already. Let's already cut the pretty and smart part of the hardness' Private Dick. Once the writer's / Umney's family tragedy began to unfold, I thought the series developed an emotional bond that made the viewer (at least me) sympathetic to Macy's real attempt to escape his troubles by usurping the exciting creations of his fictional creation. life. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The end of the mess-- Uh, that title is what I felt for this episode when it ended. After twenty minutes, I was ready to scream on television. Okay, we already have it. The younger brother is a prodigy of the Mega Mensa Genius Extraordinary! According to Ron Livingston speaking to the camera ("I miss the time" - not fast enough, I thought), the brilliant young will discover something really bad for humanity - we know it because it is already built an airplane but almost dead because he could not direct it out of the way of a tree; and, he blew up his chemistry lab by learning the chemistry himself (thinking that the end of the world could have been avoided if only this child had had a little more parental supervision). We lost so much time in establishing Henry Thomas's genious genius, when we finally solved his discovery - the end of the world by an involuntary idiocy - how far do we end the world? "- an inexpensive video showing a journalist beginning to forget what she is saying, and short radio programs announcing the day of the judgment is at hand Oh, and the brother's parents drooling and singing old songs. What I mean is, if your story really talks about the "end of all the mess (world)", I want to see the "mess" because it is burning and breaks and burns. Talk about ending up with a groan, 2/10 <br /> <br /> Crouch End-- This episode has completely checked me in. I could have lived with the exhibition as far as the eye could see of the happy couple who arrived at their hotel, playing slapping , having lunch and taking a cab (it was half the episode right there), so once they finally crossed the door into Crouch End, the episode gave chills, but it failed in misery. Not only was it not scary, but it was almost laughable Ooh, look - a kitty ... wait, that's it e ... oh my god, look scary! Uh-huh. They could have done a lot to film Crouch End at night rather than day. Fun things you might find unintentionally can become more frightening when you see them in the darkness. But I guess the budget was not high enough to turn the night on the false London backdrops they hit together for this one. On the page, it's a very scary story about tourists wandering in places they should not be and terrible things that could be hiding right around the corner. The only terror in this adaptation was the staging and the action - these were really horrible. 1/10 <br /> <br /> Overall average of the series (so far): 4/10
