THE remake was a superior movie remake in every way. Most of the remakes ended up being totally dubious, but under the very talented direction of Alexandre Aja, he became one of the best ever made in terms of remakes and also with regard to the sub-genre of mutant horror at human race. In the second part of the stage, directed by another individual, Martin Weisz, and written by the combo father and son of Jonathan and Wesley "I can not do any good horror film to save my life" and if this indicates Weisz's talent and young Craven writing skills, we all have a painful future, THHE 2 not only is not as good as the first, but he also fails to entertain at ANY level. <br /> <br /> We start with a pretty graphic mutant baby birth What's pretty cool will not prepare you for the ultimate garbage to come, just a hint of what could have been in this movie. We then have the chance to see a team of scientists who are all briefly introduced and sent by our radiated releases. Our main group of army reservists to save the situation is where the main problems begin. <br /> <br /> From very sub-acting (yes even for this kind of film) to the horrible characters to the lack THHE 2 becomes a job to watch while many things do not happen while idiotic soldiers commit error on error, but only meet the death of these mutants, but not themselves. Think of the Marines in Aliens only the opposite and you have an idea of ​​the quality of the training of these soldiers. This is the real shame of the film, because most of the occupants of Hills do not get the shots you would like to see, as in the first movie, actually if it did not have the THHE 2 attachment at the beginning and the brief overview of the It could have been almost an original of the Sci-Fi chain. <br /> <br /> Mutant Mountainbillies are not as fun this time, in fact they are much lower. to our previous lot as they all turn out to be rather under-designed and uninteresting. In addition, the one who took the cake was the lazy mutant (you know Sloth of the Goonies) who helped them in the third act. I was waiting for him to ask for a baby Ruth or start talking about Rocky Road ice cream. Really disappointing and shameful is the only way to describe most of the events taking place here. <br /> <br /> The film is in the film, but it is not as visceral as the original. In fact, it seemed rather muted that apart from the scene of the birth of a mutant baby, there is really nothing that stands out as in the first. Another major strike against this film. So what has worked here, the answer is nothing at all. It looked like a sequel designed specifically to make money with the success of the first movie and not to make a "good" movie. <br /> <br /> I can talk about Drut SGT., the radio man who has a speech impairment (that's right, he's the kind of guy I want to call for help in a real crisis) or the pacifist fighter who looks exactly the same character mold as our "hero" in the first film, but I believe you get the point. This film is not even in the same league or even on the same planet as the first. It should have been given another title and added to the programming of Saturday Night Line on The Sci-Fi Channel. A real shame because a solid sequel could have been made, but alas, it looks like another horror movie that drops the ball at almost every level and will get one of my lowest scores because I give THHE 2 the same score from him: 2/10 Dreadful: The words can not describe how much this film is a total opposite of its predecessor, in every way, uninspired and pointless. Next time guys if you are going to make a sequel as bad ... do not even bother you. Please, do not support this garbage in the theaters, save your money and thank me later !!!!
