This ridiculous and inept film is certainly the most misguided version of "Hamlet" to this day. Branagh's approach to the material can only be described as vulgar; exaggerating the army of Fortinbras on the horizon (much like the apogee of "Monty Python and the Holy Grail") while the palace is apparently watched only by Francisco (who cries out the very non-Shakespearian cry of "ataaaaaaaaaaaaaaack" before being shot), and a multitude of celebrity cameos that go back to the days of Jimmy Cagney Bottom and Mary Pickford's Kate. <br /> <br /> Branagh chooses to shoot his film in an Edwardian context, but at the same time, decided to use an almost uncut text, so that the dialogue that is firmly rooted in the Elizabethan mentality n makes no sense in the context in which it is executed. And Branagh is not interested in textural subtleties such as the ambiguous nature of the relationship between Hamlet and Olphelia, treating the audience of a vulgar nude sex scene between the couple who throws any ambiguity through the stained glass window. <br /> <br /> The uncut text allows Branagh to devote himself to his favorite hobby: his new video of Kenneth Branagh. This is never as obvious as in the speech "How All Occasions Affect Me" that ends the first half of the nineteen-hour film (at least that's how I feel), who tries to play a dramatic crescendo in the manner of Gone With The Wind "I will never be hungry again." This can serve Branagh's ego, but not Shakespeare or the speech: when I saw the movie in the theater, I leaned over to my companion and sneered "Great moments with Mr. Hamlet". Branagh keeps the funniest and most tasteless moment for the end, when he tries to thwart the film Olivier and his just celebration of Claudius' death by making Hamlet jump from a high tower on the monarch, impaling him with a sword. The Branagh Dane acts in the king by heroically launching a seemingly magical rapier on the other side of the palace to run through Claudius' heart with a super hero bull eye. The only thing that saved this unbearably frustrating moment was that the movie was so funny that it was funny. <br /> <br /> This film has been praised in some circles as a serious representation of the tragedy, but in fact, nothing is other than the poster of stars who show a former talented filmmaker surpassed by his own narcissism . The Emperor has no clothes and this hamlet has nothing to offer, except for a few bursts of involuntary laughter and the awful sight of the ego of an uncontrollable man.
