Okay, let's not deceive ourselves here. If this is a sequel to a remake of an original horror classic, does that mean it's also automatically a remake of the sequel to the original horror classic? Hope this is not a general rule, since Wes Craven's sequel to the original "The Hills Have Eyes" ?? released somewhere in the mid-80s ?? is easily one of the worst and most redundant horror movies ever made. The second part did not include a scenario and the images of the original reused only to better exploit the success of the truly rocky and petrifying premise. Craven also wanted us to believe that even dogs suffered from flashbacks and painful memories, while the Carter family's loyal German Shepard relived his bloody fight with one of the mountain hills. There were quite a few alarming signs that this sequel would also be a terrible failure. The remake was released just a year ago and here is the next? The incredible speed of its publication requires you to question the quality of the script. Do not they need a little more time if they want to create a movie that should be scary, threatening and disturbing? With his excellent film, Alexandre Aja almost alone has changed the general opinion about horror remakes. He had the courage and the intellect to change the essential elements of the plot and add more nauseating gore than anyone could have hoped for. In addition, Aja is a talented young director and made a name for himself with his classic French cult "High Tension", but who is this new director? Aja's "The Hills Have Eyes" was an unexpected success, enjoyed by generations of experienced and older horror fans, as well as by younger and more enthusiastic target groups. This is a very good film and, even if an avalanche of new sequences and clones will be inevitable, it is highly unlikely that any of them will reach the surprising quality level of Aja's resounding success. Considering all this, more than a sizeable dose of personal skepticism, I must admit that this hasty sequel is really not as bad as expected. The screenplay is a routine and a cliche of flesh with flesh of horror, introducing a fairly large number of characters with little or no backbone and tastelessly describing how they are massacred by monsters looking repugnant tradition . After the events of the first film, the US military set up a camp in the middle of the New Mexico desert to investigate the effects of nuclear tests in the 1950s and 1960s. For the terribly mutated survivors of the mining community who remained there during the radioactive tests, scientists and researchers make a tasty entry until the main train of incompetent soldiers arrives by truck. They are simply supposed to be laying food and supplies, but are facing their ultimate military training in the face of relentless humanoids living in the remnants of the mines. <br /> <br /> It's basically another number in terms of numbers. Slasher with idiotic characters who, even after losing many of their friends, are still stupid enough to separate themselves from the group and behave like easy-to-kill targets. It is also very easy to determine who will be the survivors of this adventure, especially when one of the soldiers is against all forms of violence and another permanently fixes video footage of his cute 3 year old son. "Hills have eyes II" completely missing ?? as expected? originality, logic and plausible situations. Transferred minors are not as threatening as their first-party counterparts, mainly because they are not organized this time and they just behave like monster talkative, sex-hungry prototypes. Since you do not care about the amateur G.I. Joe "the heroes" and do not feel any sympathy for the eyes in the hills, this movie is a lot less convincing and involves than the original of last year. More particularly, this second film is not as violent and bloody as the first! The sequences generally outweigh the lack of suspense and the lack of surprise twists with extra bloodshed and more graphic killing sequences, but the action in this sequel is really more docile than that of his predecessor's sick movie. There are a handful of scenes to satisfy the fanatics of bloodthirsty horror ?? showing mainly soldiers falling in cliffs or being shot by their own firearms ?? but unfortunately, there are no scandalous battles or virulent dog attacks. Too bad! What is the interest of a suite if it can not even exceed the level of coarseness and / or dirt free of the original? Fortunately, the film is never boring or unnecessarily sentimental, and you will have the most fun to spot anything that does not make sense! For example, wallets falling from the bloody head of people, women without any muscular strength called hardened soldiers and ?? my favorite personal ?? give ONE SINGLE soldier with an inability to speak to manage radio communications.
