The remake of "The Hills Have Eyes" last year was one of the best attempts to update the vaguely exploitive horror movies of the 1970s for a new audience. Alexandre Aja allowed an admirable development of the character and when the violence broke out, it was nasty and wild, all in a landscape of photographs and impeccable decorations. I was one of the few people who thought it was better than the original and was expecting a second visit to the particularly dark and cruel world of wilderness mutants. <br /> <br /> 'The Hills Have Eyes 2', published just a year after the original, seems to be a hasty and ill-conceived attempt to take advantage of the franchise without paying too much attention to quality. The scenario of Jonathan Craven could have been written in a weekend, and considering the speed with which this film was integrated in the cinema, it was probably it. He cuts through all the clichés of the well-worn genre of the book without proposing anything new to the mythology of the desert mutant. I always let out a groan of disappointment when a suite replaces civilian characters with military ones. The soldiers are always written with such slowness and never fail to be bored with rough caricatures of macho bullshit. In my mind, "Aliens" was the only movie to succeed in this transition, because of James Cameron's talent, not only for the realization of the best action sequences, but without forgetting that the public has to worry about the murderer. He has also been ably assisted by truly talented actors. With 'The Hills have Eyes 2', it is clear that the video director Martin Weisz is not James Cameron, and the distribution of the actors of the television does not have the talent nor even the desire to transform their characters cut in cardboard in something that approaches to live, to breathe human beings. <br /> <br /> It goes without saying that each character is a large and generic shot. They act stupidly and illogically, making stupid and illogical decisions that lead to predictable, stupid and illogical deaths. The second half of the film becomes a tedious scenario in dark corridors. 'The Descent' (on which Sam McCurdy also played the role of cinematograph) proved that even the most derivative sequences could still be performed with real originality and suspense, but we do not see any such innovation here. <br /> <br /> 'The Hills Have Eyes 2' is just a very lazy movie, devoid of any suspense, tension or surprise, with not a single individual involved remotely interested in producing something of quality. It's a tame and tired excuse for a sequel and deserves to spend the rest of his life in Blockbuster's bargain box.
