'The Hills Eyes II', one of the most futile and stupid suites to come for some time, consists of an incomparable achievement of 90 minutes. Or worse, whatever your choice. While the remake of "Hills" of 2006 was one of the best horror movies of the year, and really scary, this sequel removes all the sparks of what made it such an accomplishment. Part 2 never takes off, nor does his dialogue numb by the mind. Worst of all, it's not so scary. <br /> <br /> The 2006 remake followed a family that found themselves in the middle of the desert desert of New Mexico, and was kidnapped one by one by deranged and sadistic mountaineers. The people who, as a result of testing by the atomic bomb army on their territory many years ago, have become what they are. Survive travelers who roam the area. The sequel places the spectators in the same desert, now occupied by the military, who secretly investigate the hills and what could have happened to this poor family. When a group of military trainees are brought to the campsite, they find it empty, with no sign of life. A sad reality awaits them soon, because they realize that they are not alone. And the bloody fate that has been delivered to many before them will soon become their fate. <br /> <br /> It does not take a genius to realize that "Hills" has no legitimate reason to exist. But as last year's remake was well received by both the wickets and the critics, it is not surprising that a sequel is launched in the production while there is still money to to win. This time, there is no nursery rhyme or reason, but an incredible and ridiculous montage that opens the way for unthinking characters, unpublished murders, a non-existent story and a decreasing interest. In the beginning, the director Alexander Aja had transformed the cult classic of Craven into a remake that was a unique and deeply disturbing experience. One who has frankly crossed the finish line on more than one occasion. His frank displays of violence, sadistic tortures, well-rounded personalities and bare-finger suspensions have all been used effectively to shock and repel the audience. The second time, it was reorganized. There is no style, no grain. He's trying to create tension by dismembering corpses, whereas all that's doing is making a film already made, done here, where even the blood seems tamed compared to the more recent bloodbaths. <br /> <br /> This is a sad state of affairs when deformed mutants who capture women for reproductive purposes do not hold your attention. It's a nuisance, nothing more. 'Hills' has no bite. Despite a jump or two here and there, there is nothing very scary about this horror movie by the numbers. It sounds like something you would see on the Sci-Fi channel, only with a few F bombs, splashes of blood here and there, a rape, and a graphic birth chart that's more rude than shocking. It is cheap. And with 'Hills', you harvest what you sew. Without effort, you can not expect anything in return. <br /> <br /> Replacing Aja with Martin Weisz as director was the first big mistake of the film. All he does is empty the film of any emotional resonance. But even more shocking is the unusually bad storyline written by Wes Craven and his son, Jonathan Craven. You ask, how bad could it be? This is the kind of dialogue that makes any comparison look like Shakespeare. Craven has already had his share of debauchery, but I would never expect anything like that. It's so unintentionally funny, you have to wonder, does Craven make a joke about it? Or did he give it up to his son after the studio paid him? The characters in the film are one-dimensional talking heads without emotions or common sense. The acting game is just as bad. The only character likely to convince you is Napoleon Napoleon, the skinny kid who is not one of the others. Even the deranged and instinctive villains, with whom we may have found a favor in the depths of our thoughts a year ago, are greeted with indifference. You do not hate them, you do not like them. Honestly, you do not care. Just like this movie. <br /> <br /> Even if you were stunned by fear during "The Hills Have Eyes", you'll have a hard time finding something to enjoy in this junk. It's as generic as it is generic, and there's absolutely nothing we've ever seen done many times. I can not express that enough, avoid "The Hills Have Eyes II" as the plague. It's scary, unoriginal, frantic and boring. Stick to the remake or the original Craven vision. Because if you do not go out after the first thirty minutes, do not say I did not warn you.
