I saw this film as soon as it was released and I saw it again 3 or 4 times, including last week. I am sorry to have to make his voice heard on Mr. Branagh's performance. <br /> <br /> It's really a sumptuous and glorious film, not to mention ambitious at over 4 hours - beautifully shot and designed. Derek Jacobi, Julie Christie, Kate Winslet, Richard Briers and many others are doing a great job. Then there is Kenneth Branagh. If ever there was a project of vanity for an actor, that's it, and Mr. Branagh spares nothing to put "ham" in Hamlet. From the stunt casting (which gives us the worst performance of all bad weather Jack Lemmon), through disturbing crafts to breathe a sense of "natural", to his own performance that goes without saying throwing the single monologue most famous of all literature to shout every other line. His performance confirms that although he may look better on stage where bigger is needed, he has never been a big film actor. The decor budget could be attributed to the restoration, Mr. Branagh eats so much. His performance is a perfect example of why people are not going to see Shakespeare - "full of noise and fury, meaning nothing". And if it breaks in his direction, it is that the camera remains stuck to its excessive performance. <br /> <br /> Whatever the theories put forward by the people on the Bard, he was, after all, said and done, a playwright. The brilliance of his pieces lies in the fact that his themes are universal and timeless. Although there is no "good" way to play his pieces, there are certainly good actors, good and bad. Shakespeare himself gives instructions to the players in the text of "Hamlet" himself. I am surprised to see how Mr. Branagh "said" but did not hear it. It was an example where he spent too much time trying to find out how he was going to say something and too little to understand what he was saying. <br /> <br /> While Mr. Branagh has certainly done a great job organizing entertaining productions, it would be wise to stay behind the camera and allow those who know the art of acting to practice it. His leadership has always been better than his acting. I still give him immense credit for resurrecting his interest in filming Shakespeare. He has established an excellent model for other productions. And, it would be interesting to see him on stage, about 20 rows. But I hope he will choose to lead more and act less. <br /> <br /> Is it worth the detour? Certainly. There are many small joys in the film. But, it's a very long film, and at the end you can get the impression that they liked less than what survived them.
