I guess it's all the jokes that made Munchies a cult classic. I thought it was awful, though, given the ridiculous story and the nature of the characters, the movie might have been much better (and funnier). All they needed was a real budget. <br /> <br /> As many viewers have already pointed out, snack foods look like a parody of Gremlins. Therefore, all references to the film. The film begins somewhere in Peru during an archaeological dig. Paul, an annoying dufus, is an aspiring comic who does not make sarcasm or witty jokes during the film, despite his career plans. He is hidden with his father in the caves. His father is a type of unconventional archaeologist, seeking in the caverns not artificates, mummies or anything, but a proof of the experience of U.F.O. And this is where the Munchies come on the scene. Hidden in the crevice of a rock, there is an ugly little mutant who looks like a rubber gyratory doll with a Gizmo voice. They call him Arnold, hide him in a sack and bring him home so that Paul's father can finally show proof of an alien life. <br /> <br /> Paul, the idiot he is, breaks his promise to his father to watch Arnold (a bet he made with his father, if he loses, it's at the community college to make a real career). Cecil (television veteran Harvey Korman), a frightened neighbor on the green carpet, wonders what his neighbors are doing. So he and his lazy son, the hippie airhead (who looks more like what they should have done his character, a biker or a heavy metal fan) to go take Arnold. Why? A quick plan to become rich of course. And of course, even Cecil's son is too silly to take care of Arnold. And after a few nudges and punches at Arnold, he multiplies to create even more Munchies. <br /> <br /> It was not even a film as bad as it was good. It was just horrible. I was hoping that the Munchies would have mutated and killed the morons who were still chasing them, even Paul and his girlfriend. At least, it would be a way to get rid of all the bad actors in this movie that really annoy the movie. Not to mention the mediocre special effects that look like puppets. And really bad writing all around - it was not even funny - not even this young cop who can really give you the homicidal turmoil in your eyes. As I said, Munchies, if they had a real budget and better actors, they might have made a good parody. Pass.
