Munchies begins in the darkest Peru (what looks like a dirt road) where archeologist Simon Watterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) take part in an expedition. Simon thinks that the old Aztec buildings were in fact spacecraft control centers. His mission is to prove that extraterrestrial life forms have visited the Earth. While discovering such a structure, he discovers a strange little creature that sticks in his backpack and brings him home. him in the small American town of Sweetwater in California. Simon thinks the creature is the proof he was looking for and for some inexplicable reason, he decides to leave the thing at home while he shares his discovery. Simon asks Paul and his wife Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde) to take care of it. Meanwhile, Simon's brother, Cecil Watterman (Harvey Korman) steals the creature so his brother does not earn money, but his foolish stepson, Dude (Jon Stafford) has to fight and cut him into pieces. a knife but the different parts become separate little creatures that cause a lot of havoc among city-dwellers ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Bettina Hirsch, it must be one of the worst horror comedies ever seen, if not the worst. Lance Smith's scenario is so funny that it's painful. All Munchies jokes miss the target, I doubt the humor of this shit story can even please pre-teens. As far as I'm concerned, there's nothing very funny or even fun in Munchies. The basic story is also shit, they simply find this creature running without any explanation of what it is, why no one has ever seen it before, how it manages to learn English so quickly and how she learns to drive, etc. All this is a big scam of Gremlins (1984) that has none of the elements that made this film so good. The characters are stupid, the stupid MP (Charlie Phillips) and his father (Hardy Rawls), Cecil wearing an embarrassing wig, a fake mustache and his wife Melvis (Alix Elias) and more. They are simply embarrassed and ridiculous, I challenge anyone to find any of this funny rancid garbage. Basically, Munchies fails spectacularly as a comedy or horror and ends up being, yes, you guessed it, shit. <br /> <br /> The director Hirsch obviously worked with a small budget here and it shows, the whole thing takes place in two houses, the desert, caves and a miniature golf course. It's a really cheap and incompetent film. The special effects on the Munchies themselves are really awful, their dolls do not move unless someone from the camera pulls a string attached to his arm. I can not stress how serious the effects are, these things would not convince my nephew of 4 years (as prove me and him yesterday!). Totally incompetent, this film is nil. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is awful, bad effects, a lame production set, rubble and well, everything is up for grabs. The acting game is rotten, cops to Korman who has two roles that both prove that he can not play and that he is not funny. <br /> <br /> Munchies is a very bad film that fails in all areas. that he tries to reach, but if you want, I will not stop you, but do not say that you are not warned! My advice would be to look at Gremlins instead, but the decision is yours!
