Most would agree that the Wolverine character is one of the most intriguing characters in comic history. I'm not an expert at Marvel, but I grew up with the adventures of the X-Men and I definitely approved Hugh Jackman's portrait, now widely known, of the unkempt Logan. I enjoyed the first X-Men, found the suite too heavy and messy, and loved the third as a comic entertainment. Throughout the three films, I probably liked Jackman more than anything else. I thought the idea of ​​making a movie about Wolverine "origins" could very well become a better movie than all three X-Men movies. If we focus on one character, I thought there might be a movie that realizes what I found the second movie failed - a rather complex and character-centric comic adventure. <br /> <br /> The reason Wolverine- the film fails is not because the competition is more difficult after The Dark Knight. It's not even because of a plot development that is more than obvious and rudimentary - even if it's certainly not good - no, it's because the movie does not even seem to try. For starters, this is not a good entertainment. There is something about the action in this film that happens as if very, very automatic. In the absence of special effects or more suspenseful elements, and when an event lets you predict the next five, you almost feel like a Uwe Boll movie, mimicking a movie concept. action / adventure that you have seen a dozen times before. Of course, nothing in this film is as awful as a piece of Bolls ** t but when everyone talks about clichés as if they were part of such a standard chain of events, you do at least the link and it's surely bad enough. <br /> <br /> But the problem is even more serious. Even a generic action movie is a generic action movie and, by the way, it makes you forgive a lot of intrigues and stupidities of characters. I think you find the most fundamental flaw in the title itself. I mean, "Origins". Really? What do people behind this film think of this title? What do they mean ?? Want to know the origins of Wolverine? He grew up with his brother. They fled their homes in dramatic circumstances. Then they went to war. All! The civil war, the two world wars and Vietnam too. Why did they do that? Still unknown. Finally, the brother (Sabertooth, played by Liev Shrieber) became diabolical. "How?" you ask. I do not know, it was somewhere between Omaha Beach and Hanoi. "Yes but why?" you always ask. I just said that I do not know !! The film does not explain. He is naughty! "Yeah, but ... you know, 'origins'" ... Yeah, well, it's an origin! I mean, duh! Anyway, they end up ending up with a super secret team of elite mutant soldiers. Something with the government, ho-hum. Wolvie has enough and leaves his brother. For six years, he is a happy lumberjack with a loved one, who finds himself a bit helpless when Sabretooth appears again. "Yes but why?" - Oh shut up! - and Wolvie decides to act as a guinneapig for a group of evil scientists who make him a metal-coated war animal. He attacks all the bad guys and they pursue him and, after all the fights, his memory is erased, cue X-Men the first film. <br /> <br /> There. This is the origin. You can also find it on the back of the DVD jacket. The movie will not tell you anything else. Without good action scenes, no good heroes, villains or characters in general (lines of the audience of my couch: Fat follows! Token black! Oh, I give you 200 in cash if this girl survives this movie. ., It's supposed to be Gambit ... mmhm, yeah well ... uh-huh, right), not a memorable line of dialogue and zero line to cover a t-shirt with, added to that stupid things common that ruin the plausibility in general that you could usually forgive ...... well, that sounds pretty much like a waste of time, right? Fans will check that or have already done so. There is no stopping that. But if you liked X-Men movies for no other reason than their quality and fun, see them again and do no favors in trying to find origins where there are none.
