Process soulless milk cow. Super generic generic. CGI showcase. Gavin Hood "A series of improbable events." Combinatorial iteration of mutant fighting scenes chained by an inept exhibition justifying the formation / dissolution of arbitrary alliances. I did not expect to see Shakespeare here, but the cliché by meter was unacceptable: Primal yells looking up at the sky and knees in front of his murdered girlfriend. Renegade military commander. Predictable double cross. The revenge sought for the lover killed. Erased memories. Evil character discovering morality at the last minute. Erroneous chess to execute nemesis after defeating them in melee. Lover not really dead. Lover acting as a spy for the archi-nemesis of the hero. Girlfriend / spy really falls for the protagonist. Good people work as antagonists to save abducted family members. The bad brain does not honor the promises made to reluctant employees. With kindly old couple care for tired hero and get murdered for their problems. Some deaths are avoided when others arrive on the scene before the coup de grace. Hero reluctantly joins a secret government agency. Abandonment of an elite team in protest against the massacre of innocent people. Scientists unable to control an indestructible killing machine of their own creation. An obsolete but adorable "secret weapon" of the government is killing a better-conceived but heartless successor. The hero moves away from the wreckage and casually ignites a trail of fuel behind him. Once everyone has given up, a flat heart monitor takes the pulse. The bad brain explains the projects of a hero whom he no longer sees as a threat. The hero refuses to kill the vanquished foe because he is "better than that". The transparent cartoon character makes hilarious underestimations and offbeat comments. Happy psychopath delights in random murderous outbursts. Almost indestructible Goliaths throw themselves through a series of walls and other physical traumas that would kill a mere mortal. The man sends dozens of weapons in his hand, brandishing enemies with only skill to play with the sword. Common sense and the laws of physics, biology and chemistry have been temporarily abandoned. Antagonist using the murder of a loved one to justify a misguided crusade. <br /> <br /> I could go on, but it's exhausting. If you are over twelve and do not live in your mother's basement, there is probably nothing for you. Unfortunately, it is not too far from superhero movies, so put back all that I wrote if you can not get tired enough of the genre.
