It's official, Hou Hsiao-Hsien does not have his head in his hair. Wondering why he chose Shu Qi as a muse? <br /> <br /> Shu (or is it the Qi?) does not appear in this one. Yo Hitoto, apparently a Japanese pop star - judging by his song at the end, is a pop star just like the girl serving you at Rockin 'Curry is "an actriss" - and a lost Tadanobu. Asano, usually an indicator of quality, who should not do anything here, but who looks like an Asian hipster who mumbles and is too old to handle that. <br /> <br /> The philosophy of Hou? Life is in limbo, a big nothing, feel it and move on. I would love to do that, but Hou gives us nothing to feel in the Café Lumière except for a bland photographic essay of Life in Tokyo circa 2003 and the breathtaking observation that people are ships that spend the night, no, make the trains that pass inside the same day, never connect, each heading to his own destination, usually a variant of a dark tunnel or maybe a bridge if they are lucky . Yuck. Flowers of Shanghai is one of the most rarefied, technically accomplished and fascinating films of all time. How the same director who created the first film of this film, which contains about twelve actors talking at the speed of a machine gun for about ten minutes in a row - a feat of director impossible - is it trapped at from making this laconic reality porn under-Jarmusch for two movies in a row now? Millennium Mambo may be a dead weight, but he has at least two great photos, images that recall Hou's true calling as Odilon Redon's film equivalent: these images are the sex scene with his flashing lights and the foreground of Shu Qi floating. in a blue corridor. His M.O. While making Café Lumière seems to have been to remove the two superb shots of Millennium Mambo to make it more coherent. You are the judge if it sounds attractive. <br /> <br /> You do not need to refine - you can not refine the idea of ​​limbs further than Flowers of Shanghai. He needs to expand, to swell outward, to release the inner expressionist and gender-based revitalizer that is senselessly wasted in a clichéd minimalism. It's time for him to do a remake of Akira or something like that. This kind of art film where actors are supposed to be authentic because they are held faceted in a long-shot and speak in monosyllables is now just as safe, ghettoized and stagnant as the Hollywood action blockbuster. (What is the link between "reality" and people who can not speak? It seems to me that people "in real life" never stop jabbering.) Again, knowing that 2005 brought movies Big budget as diverse and rich in ideas like Aeon Flux, The Island and King Kong, we can now say that even Michael Bay has exceeded Hou, and it's really sad. <br /> <br /> The good news is that even though Hou is 50 years old, it seems to me frankly that he has not even started. There are some moments in this movie that show that the promise is still there, like a little sullen in the bookstore when the room darkens into a bloody red while Hitoto talks about babies with goblin faces. But whatever the fear that holds it, as comfortable as it is to do the same film over and over again and to be greeted by the credulous and pretentious as the savior of the cinema, Hou, your time as the darling of the Rotterdam , Venice, Toronto and Berlin and whatever the other film festivals are almost finished and people are trapped. Two words for you: Atom Egoyan. Two other words, or maybe three: Tsai Ming-Liang. You are now taking advantage of these two tedious frauds that are about to set up their own dark tunnels forever. Risk your shirt on a sci-fi epic, sell it, get revenge - but leave social criticism to people who have neither eye nor heart. Let your pictorial talent express itself fully. Otherwise, you will never go out of limbo.
