I am a late member of the transcendent work of the film author Yasujiro Ozu, whose admirably underestimated views of Japanese life, especially in the aftermath of the Second World War, illuminate universal truths. Having now seen several of his flagship films such as "Late Spring" of 1949 and "Tokyo Story" of 1953, I am convinced that Ozu possessed a particularly idyllic gift in that he conveyed the full range of feelings arising from intergenerational conflicts through elliptical narratives and subtle images. Taiwan director Hou Hsiao-hsien is eager to pay tribute to Ozu on the occasion of his centenary with this annoying 2003 film. Among co-writer T'ien-wen Chu, Hsiao-hsien seems to have the right visuals but does not capture the emotional weight required to make the glacial pace tolerable. <br /> <br /> The story is about Yôko, a young Japanese writer in search of the life of Taiwanese composer Jiang Wen-Ye in the middle of the 20th century in Tokyo after returning from Taiwan where she taught Japanese. After 25 minutes of preparation, she reveals to her father and mother-in-law that she is pregnant with one of her students in Taiwan. At the same time, Yoko's coffee friend Hajime, who runs a secondhand bookstore, has an obsession with trains and seems likely to like it. Hsiao-hsien links this line of thin plot to a series of shots kept for excessively long shots as the composition of the mount changes. There are also long periods of silence and an abundance of scenes featuring trains. Although these techniques are compatible with Ozu's style, Hsiao-hsien does not seem to be able to delve into the psyche of characters like Ozu did with maximum fluidity and minimal theatricality, in particular, Yoko's fate seems rather not very engaging in the scheme of the drama presented. there is a lot of interest in his parents' too passive reaction. In fact, the film as a whole exudes an atmosphere of exhaustion, which makes it endless. <br /> <br /> The performances are discreet but difficult to remember. The star of J-pop music, Yo Hitoto, brings a natural ease to Yôko, while Tadanobu Asano is a kind of figure like Hajime. The rest of the characters barely register, even Nenji Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo as Yoko's parents. Director of Photography Lee Ping-Bing provides expert work although he violates a fundamental rule of Ozu movies by not keeping the camera steady during shooting. Hitoto speaks the popular pop song used in the ending credits, "Hito-Shian". The DVD includes a one-hour documentary, made in France, "Métro Lumière", which actually helps to provide part of the context to Hsiao-hsien's approach to the film. It includes excerpts from Ozu movies, including "Equinox Flower", to show parallels with this film, although surprisingly no mention of "Tokyo Story" or "Early Summer", obvious basis of certain scenes and the situation UPS. There are also interview clips published by Hitoto, Asano and Hsiao-hsien, as well as the movie trailer.
