CREEPSHOW 2 is the unfortunate sequel to George Romero's original (overestimated) CREEPSHOW. Any sequel to a Romero movie that is not directed by Romero himself has big shoes to fill, mainly because of Romero fans who think he is God. I did not care about the first film and funny enough, I did not care about the rest. The film series had a lot of potential, but his life was short lived because both films were less than stellar. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem with CREEPSHOW 2 was that it had only three stories (excluding the in-between), and that the first story was completely nil, it does not left no chance at almost half of the movie. to be * really * good. I saw CS 2 in the cinema and the first segment was a real groaner. Something dramatic with George "I can not act" Kennedy is automatically convicted and the story of the Indian Statue was too hokey and just was not part of this sequel. So, after a really mundane and dull start, there were only two more stories left to reverse the aborted early fiasco and, unfortunately, the other two stories were not good enough for me to forget the first story. THE RAFT and THE HITCHHIKER have a moderate success, moderately, because even if the other two segments have their strong moments, they always fall flat. The last two stories are essentially too long. It's not that I wanted the stories to run at a dizzying speed and end quickly, but the two good ideas found in these stories were somehow canceled out by the fact that they were slow and stuffed and ended up to fall flat when the segments were to be more energetic, more erratic and with more impactful ends. Moreover, if the last two stories had not been extended to cover the film or if the three segments had been shorter, with better editing and better direction, they could have added a well-deserved fourth story to the series. Have only three segments stuffed for a boring treat. <br /> <br /> The actors and the writer in the THE RAFT and THE HITCHHIKER segments go from terrible to good. I like Lois Chiles in the last segment. This is probably her best time on the screen, except for her role as Bond Girl Holly Goodhead in MOONRAKER and in DEATH ON THE NILE. But even his role is sometimes difficult to understand because of his useful orientation and his fuzzy history. Are we supposed to hate her or sympathize with her? Are we supposed to sympathize with the annoying hitchhiker? If the body of the hitchhiker was found on the road by other people, what was it when he attacked Chiles? Was he a ghost or a zombie or what? How did the body finally leave the presence of other people who found it dead to attack Chiles? The whole thing is not very clear, even for a supernatural story. And the end is rather dull and uneventful. <br /> <br /> As for the infamous THE RAFT story, the acting is mostly horrible and none of the characters are friendly or interesting. The characters would have been more interesting if the actors had played themselves. None of the actors are convincing in their specific roles. Paul Satterfield looks smarter than the silly jock he plays and the actress who plays his girlfriend is not very convincing as a typical bitch. She seems too shy. The same could be said with the other two who play "simple" teenagers. The idea of ​​the slick oil slick is interesting and scary but not well executed. There should be a fifth character in the story, maybe a homeless man or a ranger hiding around the lake who is aware of the oil spill, and who could have been the alter ego of the monster aqueous. As frightening as the oil spill is, it is not a convincing "character". And at the end of the story, everything seems useless. Not anything. <br /> <br /> Apart from the few touching aspects that always seem to make boring things boring, seeing CREEPSHOW 2 in the cinema is a waste of time and money. CS 2 is more rental equipment than paid content to display on the big screen.
