We've all been there, sitting with friends watching a bad movie, laughing about how it was done and the mediocrity of the acting. the credits end up appearing and everyone looks around and says, "How is it possible that such a film was made, who paid for that script to be turned into a feature film?" Well, Jigsaw is not that kind of movie. Instead of wondering how this garbage has been budgeted, you wonder why the manufacturers were fired from a cannon shot in the sun. Yes, Jigsaw is perhaps the worst film ever created or designed, this one coming from a guy who saw Campfire Stories and Fever Lake. The film begins in a sort of university class, what kind of class I'm not sure, but it's imagined to be an art class. Now, these dorks have received one last project from their silly teacher. Five of them are given pieces of a mannequin and are asked to design it as they see fit. And as there are only five pieces, the other students in the class receive and automatic A, oddly enough, there are only six students in this class, so the chic goth gets a free A, so much the better for her! A week passes and the five students, plus the teacher, and a hillbilly husband meet in a bar to discuss their project and finish it, they assemble the pieces, head, arms, legs and inform others of the reason they chose their designs These creative geniuses took full advantage of the week, one placing a saw blade in the left hand, the other a sawed shotgun, the right leg receiving a heap of ceramics Broken glued to the left one, some magazine clippings, the Ala Hellraiser 3 head is the worst thing with a camera in the eye, with a few rocket bottles for a stylish mo-hawk. Once they have all spread their courage about their specific designs, the now drunk teacher says they will burn the model, which is now called Jigsaw. Until now, it was a horrible film, a bad action, dialogues and all the rest, but still plausible. Yet, after Jigsaw catches fire, things turn out worse ... Jigsaw comes alive .. How do you ask? I have no idea, he's just doing it because writers could not imagine a realistic way to live two pounds of molded plastic (Come on, guys, a flash, a voodoo priest on a trip, everything could have worked .) So once Jigsaw comes back to life, he uses his new abilities to walk very slowly and with the help of his molded fingers to wreak havoc. First, he kills the guy with a barbed wire, this guy who was about to do it with a chic chic decides that drinking beer on the ground is more important than what he has in front of him. When Jigsaw is gone, Jigsaw shoots the sexy girl in the face and then gives a heart attack to an old man, then he sees a wicked woman from the south, then her dead husband. Jigsaw then kills the nerdy guy with a headless deception. Did I mention that Jigsaw took parts of the body of his victims to make a human version? No! Well, that's not important, they do not even show his macabre creation, they do not even show him stealing a chest from his poor creators (maybe he was trying to create In Living's chief detective color). So, after these five people have been murdered, the teacher and the nerdy girl are all that's left, the teacher understands that Jigsaw only needs one head to complete his masterpiece because he is still not interested in this torso affair. So, being the coward, he is the teacher binds the girl as a sacrifice to Jigsaw who comes only to pick up the teacher with his electric saw that is not even plugged. This is where the panicked movie ends, we do not do it. We do not even see the teacher being killed or what happens to the girl, let alone an explanation of why Jigsaw was born or how he cleaned himself after being burned. This film is so shameful that it was also seen, it only lasts 71 minutes, so it's a small part of your day; For memories of a lifetime, Jigsaw, Jigsaw, Jigsaw. Thank you Total Recall! The judge ruled, do not look at Jigsaw unless your plans to separate your genitals seem to come true.
