This film really disappointed me. The acting is atrocious. Unbelievable. And it's about the actors. The story is incredibly obvious: a group of independent actors stage a play of passion and, in turn, they begin to live the lives of the characters they interpret. I've watched a lot of movies lately, thanks to Netflix, and this is the first movie I have not watched from the beginning. I felt that I did not need to see the end. we all know the end of this story. <br /> <br /> For some, it seems that this "modernization" of the Gospels is sacrilege or enlightening. I can not say anything about it because I was not raised in the Christian church. That being said, I was raised in the United States and live in an increasingly Christian culture. I am quite curious about Jesus and the modernization of religion, for better or for worse. I have not seen Mel Gibson's version, but I imagine that those who would have liked it will love it, with the exception of the most conservative. I just wish it was a better movie. <br /> <br /> Many of these critics praise the direction taken by Arcand and particularly cinematography. I liked it either. The film itself is rather prude and predatory. I did not believe the characters of the characters and I was never involved in their life on the screen. The room in the room is very old and, I think, would not have its own weight in a real-time production. But it's next to the point. What I really needed for this to work would have been a stronger development of the characters and intrigue to support the philosophical and theological issues that the film would want to carry. And the musical choices are obvious and without originality. <br /> <br /> There were two examples of this that come easily to mind. First, there is a re-enactment of the parable of Jesus chasing temple lenders: the main actor, who has fallen in love with the woman who will play Magdalene and who is also a model and a dancer, becomes furious to degrade auditioning for an advertisement (with a bad producer and many panting men in the audience) without pants. He destroys the place and hunts them all. I guess that's the level that the film wants to achieve. The romance between these two is completely arbitrary and not at all emotionally realized and the scene unfolds like an interpretation in the school of Death of a Salesman, that is to say not very well. Please, stop beating me in the head with this "meaning" hand in hand. The other is the relationship between the other main woman and the priest who has asked them to play and who ultimately turns against them and betrays them to the corrupt Church today. Why. Why is she sleeping with this guy? "It gives him so much pleasure and me so little pain." Ah, the holy prostitute and the adorable old man. This seems to be enough for Arcand but it is not worth enriching and animating these characters. They go through the movements and I look for the eject button. <br /> <br /> Feel free to write me as bored, jaded or just not interested. Feel free to watch this film and see the Passion, in all its beauty, sadness and inspiration, presented as an amateur charade and gadget. Feel free to assert all your preconceptions and see a drop of artistic integrity abandoned for monotonous conduct. But do not say that I did not warn you.
