It's hard to know if Noonan and Marshall are trying to skew Abbott & Costello, Martin & Lewis, Curley & Larry or another humorous team, but they have failed miserably, whatever they are. There is hardly a weak laugh in this incredibly stupid picture. Noonan (who helped write the so-called "script") and Marshall have no chemistry; Marshall seems to be looking for a Dean Martin calm, but he does not even approach it. God knows what Noonan thought he was doing, but being funny was not. He seems to think that he beats his arms and legs a lot and stupidly looks at everyone and that everything is up to the comedy on the screen. maybe for him, but not for the public. I remember seeing him in theaters when he was released. It was at the bottom of a double bill with a three-year-old western, Jeff Chandler ("The pillars of heaven", which was pretty good) and a short film of Three Stooges ("Sappy Bullfighters", which was no), and about 20 minutes later, all the children of the public were throwing stuff on the screen; it was so unbelievable that it did not even compare to the worst Three Stooges shorts. I stayed at the end of the movie (not that I wanted it, but my parents were not to pick me up before the end of the movie), and at the end of the mess, I was the only one at the theater. . I saw him about fifteen years ago on the cable, one night, and I stayed to watch it to see if it was as bad as I remembered. It was worse. The only thing left to her was Julie Newmar, who was as inflamed as ever; Apart from her, this thing has absolutely nothing to recommend. The two of them also play Japanese soldiers, and the way they do it makes the infamous play of Japanese Jerry Lewis characters as mentally deficient to the thick lens, curly skull and gibberish seemingly innocuous. Marshall then animated "Hollywood Squares" and Noonan tried to make movies, but most of them were almost as bad as that. Not quite, though, because I do not think anything can be that bad. A waste of really pathetic film. Do not waste your time on it.
