"Kings and Queen" is an inflated French drama that lasts for two hours and thirty-two minutes without end, no goal or discernable goal. <br /> <br /> The film features two stories that do not seem to have any connection, but that eventually connect you to each other about halfway through the movie. The first focuses on Nora and her difficulties with various men in her life, including an elderly father who discovers that he has only a few days left to live. The other story concerns a young man named Ismael, a violinist who is placed - unjustly, he believes - in a psychiatric facility by the machinations of an unknown third party. After traveling on different paths for a while, these two narrative streams come together when we learn that Ismael is a former lover of Nora and the man she chose to adopt her son after a previous tragic relationship. <br /> <br /> With a little more attention and considerable rationalization, "Kings and Queen" could have been a powerful and captivating drama about modern relationships. There are certainly moments of great insight and emotional power, and the performances are mostly complex and touching. But taken as a whole, the film winds and wounds to such an extent that, quite frankly, it begins to ravage our patience and exhaust its welcome early. What is even more disturbing is that, even if we spend what seems a sweet eternity with these people, we really do not know what to do when the show is finally over. For example, Nora's father, on his deathbed, writes a diatribe that fades against the character of his daughter and does not joke with the woman we have been watching for more than two hours. Nora is certainly not Mother Teresa (again, who is?), But she certainly does not deserve the invective that her own father gave her. Nora could be accused of being confused, indecisive, a little egocentric at times, but bad enough for her father to want him to give her cancer and kill her in her place? I do not think so. <br /> <br /> Maybe this movie just works at a depth level that I was not able to understand. But I suspect that even the writer Roger Bohbot and the co-writer / director Arnaud Desplechin would have trouble fully explaining their purpose here. It's a well-played and pretentious film that takes the viewer on a long journey through a sea of ​​personal crises, a journey that does not leave him wiser or more enlightened in the end than he was at first.
