"Kings and Queen" is a large film that will probably irritate as many viewers as delicacies. In turn, he focuses on ex-lovers Nora (Emanuelle Devos) and Ismael (Mathieu Amalric), each facing a major crisis in their now separate lives. While Nora's story is interpreted in a clear and dark way, Ismael's story is mainly interpreted to laugh, although it is not particularly funny. The Nora crisis is caused by the terminal illness of his father Louis (Maurice Garrel) and that of Ismael by his sudden incarceration in a psychiatric hospital, at the instigation of a mysterious third. Ismael and Louis are just two of the men who shaped Nora's life, and in her turn she was shaped by her, the most notable being her first dead lover, Pierre, and their young son, Elias. As past and present events are played out to the public and ex-lovers become involved in each other's lives, Nora's personal vision of her story is gradually becoming less reliable. only at first visual contact. <BR/> <br /> The director of the cult, Arnaud Desplechin, has created here a strange curiosity that has aroused major applause in France. He deliberately avoids established narrative conventions and develops the film through a series of dramatic mood and tone changes. If this approach had been based on a coherent unifying central idea or theme, it might have worked, but we do not know what Desplechin's film is all about. The heavy references to Greek mythology and Freudian theory are obviously full of meaning, but, at least for this unschooled spectator, remain of little use for illuminating and interpreting the lives of the characters. Other times, the treatment becomes kitsch, but the use of the anodyne "Moon River" as the theme of the film suggests that it is probably deliberate. <br /> <br /> ** Spoiler Alert ** I suspect a major theme of the film is the little original observation that our way of seeing us can be radically different from the way others see us or even the way we think others see us. This idea is clearly represented in the film by Pierre's violent death and the revelation contained in Louis's secret diary, but unfortunately, the two events seem totally disconnected from what has also been revealed to the public of Pierre's and Pierre's respective relations. Louis with Nora. This seems to be a trick on Desplechin's part, as if he were placing the idea on us in an unmediated form rather than illustrating it more subtly in the natural course of the story. One or two dark surrealist touches imply the presence of an alternative, but largely unconscious, world of scarily-naked people, but they are again felt as pretentious intrusions of filming technique rather than eruptions of a deeper reservoir of truth inherent in history. In fact, despite all their suspicions of depth, the characters are oddly underdeveloped and meaningless, as if they function more like numbers for their creator's many ideas about people rather than real people in their own right. Much of the details of their lives seem to be applied arbitrarily rather than organically. For example, as we constantly recall, Ismael is a violist, but more than two hours have elapsed before we saw him or actually heard him play, and the effect of his instrument or profession on his personality is never specified. He may be a marine biologist or a trapeze artist. <br /> <br /> Amalric brings a certain manic charm to Ismael, senseless but ultimately sane, but I found Devos disgusting and monotonous (which may however be intentional) like the elusive Nora. Meanwhile, Jean-Paul Roussillon as Ismael's father, Elsa Wolliaston as a psychoanalyst and Magalie Woch as a wounded but provocative sinologist with whom he befriends the hospital have the greatest impact among secondary actors. Catherine Deneuve is there too, although her role is nothing more than a self-referential camera. <br /> <br /> In the end, "Kings and Queen" is really an acquired taste. If you are unable to press your buttons, it is very likely that Desplechin's unruly and thriving approach will frustrate and exasperate, even if you keep watching.
