This is another of these "human versus insect / eco-horror" features; a theme that was popular in the late 70's. Only you can not really call it horror. There is no suspense and no horrible events. In other words: this film is quite lame. It's not that it's really bad or something; it's just very boring. A construction site near a hotel reveals a large nest of ants. Later, we learn that, probably due to different kinds of pesticides used in the past, their sting became toxic. Some people get stung and rush to the hospital and it takes a lot of time for hospital residents to understand what's going on. Robert Foxworth understands it first, then you can see him go crazy with a digging machine for several hours. Then they flee into the house waiting to be rescued. And, man, you should see every effort they make to save them. I will not spoil it too much, but at one point they even use a big helicopter. All the time I was watching this, I was sitting there thinking, "Come on, people, you all wear shoes." Just run out of the building, I'm sure a bunch of ants will not catch you not." All this is ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Of course, many close-ups of creepy ants are shown throughout the film. Ants in the garden. Ants in the trash. Ants in the kitchen. Ants on the roof. Ants in the room Ants in the sink. And the best part: ants crawling on people's faces as actors breathe through straws. But when you see groups of ants in larger planes, they look like black rice stuck to the wall by the decorators. <br /> <br /> A little surprise came at the end. No, it has nothing to do with a twist in the plot. It's just that Brian Dennehy made an appearance as Fire Chief. Ehrr ... What can I say more? This film is called CELA ARRIVE AT LAKEWOOD MANOR, but the box art of my copy read ANTS and the title during the opening credits was PANIC AT LAKEWOOD MANOR. Here. Now, as this is a 70's TV movie, I'll be extremely sweet again in my final score. Now, THE SAVAGE BEES, another 1976 TV movie about humans and insects, was much better than this one. I even feel that I have to go back and add some points to his rating after seeing ANTS. In the absence of suspense, action, thrills, shocks and goosebumps, the only thing you will have after seeing ANTS is an annoying itch.
