The only thing that I liked in this movie was that there were JUST enough objects to keep me deep inside of me ... I kept thinking that in the next scene, things would gel ... Alas ... <br /> <br /> Those who love Gus Van Sant's films - especially his latest films - will probably like that. Personally, I find Van Sant's movies boring, pretentious and easy. Well, he was an executive producer for this film, so it's not surprising that the film could have been shot by him - though personally, I liked it better than van Sant's latest efforts (eg, Elephant ). <br /> <br /> Unlike many of us, I did not think the movie was difficult to understand or disjoint, I thought it was primarily a film that wanted to portray a certain mood - the mood of a teenager moving slowly into the adult world so slowly that changes are barely visible, if at all. But I think the problem with the film is that "the mood" is not enough ... and not only, but that the atmosphere painted here is, in my opinion, chosen incorrectly for the story which is supposedly happening. The dreamlike quality, so intimately linked to nature, is beautifully captured here, but it's a mood that belongs much more to a much younger child, a man who is really totally trapped by the spectacle of nature (waves on a beach, grasses and flowers, spiders, etc.). The rhythm of the film reminds me of my summers, around eight or nine years old. There is one language in the film that opposes what SHOULD be a very tense time in a teenage life. When you have a crush on someone - or you are bullied at school - you are anything but languorous! There are only two moments that really worked for me in the movie ... SPOILERS HERE - first when Logan leaves the grocery store and his mother makes a light tap. The frustrations of an adult caring for a klutzy child - in the absence of a father in particular - seemed to me real. <br /> <br /> The second part, and ONLY part of the film tense, was the one where "Leah" (the recreation of Logan) phone Rodeo and tries to seduce him in sex on the phone. The first reason I liked it was that the person who dubbed "Leah" was the most convincing actor in the whole movie. (That made me think of Claire Danes from My So Called Life ... her voice even sounded like Claire.) She and Rodeo had the only scenes that seemed totally believable between the kids. And what I particularly liked is the fact that Rodeo only pretended to play with him ... it was perhaps the best moment of the film because finally! - we had some character developments. <br /> <br /> In the end, an effort somewhat misplaced ... we will have to see what he will do in his next film before he can really say a lot about the possible talents of the director. In the meantime, if he manages to get away from van Sant's influence, it might do him some good. Who is this director anyway - one of van Sant's boy toys?
