Simply awful slasher, fashioned from the type of fodder I know what you did last summer, beautiful, wealthy female students spend their spring break in a condo in Florida, murdered one by one. A misfire in every imaginable category, from well-constructed suspense to executed death sequences. Nothing is treated properly and the characters leave only caricatures that you can see decimated as quickly as possible. Del Tenney (The Curse of the Living Corpse, I Eat Your Skin), produced by an executive, has co-written and plays the role of a priest in a central role whose relationship with the murderer partly explains why he is psychotic. The murderer's revelation is awkward and ineffective, which is not surprising for a soul looking at it. There are a lot of attempts to scare jumps, with a character appearing to scare his friend, who could not even create some cheap shivers, because they are so calculated in such a lukewarm way. Most attacks occur off-screen with bleeding throat cuts (or pools) representing the only real act of violence. The long finale, where the killer continues over and over with the actor desperately trying to make his villain as diabolical and insane as possible, is embarrassing and tense. There is not one positive point to draw from this cliché and boring exercise, the pretty actors seeking very little to go beyond their one-dimensional roles. And, for pity's sake, they could have at least allowed us to see Joey Lawrence beheaded or something to resist the misery of getting through this pile of trash for a horrible 90 minutes. <br /> <br /> Dorie Barton, the heroine, the last girl, Beth Morgan, whose killer seems to be obsessed, could not be more empty and uninteresting (... oh, she was in rehab and take medication for her nightmares, an intriguing exhibition). Chad Allen, interpreted as a very intimidating "friend" of the group (who first disappears from the film, claiming he is the first victim), struggles to climb his role, so stiff, he eventually stumbles, rolling uncontrollably endlessly. Jeff Conaway, who needs money, I suppose, plays the role of FBI agent, whose murder is motivated by the murder of his daughter, to look for the murderer and drive him to Florida. Jack McGee has his usual role as Florida's chief of police, who is often face to face with Conaway's agent. <br /> <br /> Oh, the answer to the title question ... not really. Because, once you get the answer, you will wonder why you bothered with it anyway.
