The film started with Wheeler sneaking into his girlfriend's apartment. Her aunt (Edna May Oliver - a person too talented for this film) did not like Wheeler - a feeling that I can easily understand. The aunt decided to take this sweet young woman abroad to get him away from Wheeler. They left and Wheeler invested in a revolution in a small mythical kingdom, because they had promised to make him king. About the same time, Woolsey was in the same little mythical kingdom and he was made king. So when Wheeler arrived, it was up to the boys to fight, but they refused because they are already friends - which greatly disappointed the people, because killing and replacing kings is a national pastime. <br /> <br /> I'm a big fan of the comedy of Hollywood's Golden Age - from the silent era through the 1940s. I've seen and watched hundreds, if not thousands of these films and yet, despite my love and appreciation for these films, I have never been able to understand the appeal of Wheeler and Woolsey - the only perverse comedy team like the Ritz. Brothers! Although their career in Hollywood has been very successful (due to the untimely death of Robert Woolsey), I can not help but notice that virtually every other successful team had the same basic ideas, but much better. For example, many elements in this film are reminiscent of Marx Brother's movie, DUCK SOUP, but CRACKED NUTS never made me laugh and DUCK SOUP was a ridiculous and fun ride. At times, Woolsey spoke a little like Groucho, but his jokes never have a funny, far-off hitting line! In fact, he just seemed to chat unnecessarily. His only amusing quality was that he looked awkward - that was certainly not enough reason to film him. Plus, Wheeler had the comic charm of a piece of cheese - a piece of cheese that sang very badly! The old Vaudeville routine popularized later by Abbott and Costello as "who is first" is a missed opportunity, which was done in this film, but it lacked any spark of wit or timing. In fact, shortly after the start of their fight, they just finished the routine - so prematurely that you are frustrated. I knew that "who is the first" had existed for many years and had been used by many teams, but I really wanted Wheeler and Woolsey to make a fair and serious shot. <br /> <br /> Once again, I found another sub-normal movie of this duet. Although I have to admit that I liked some movies (like SILLY BILLIES and THE RAINMAKERS - which I gave 6 on IMDb), this one was a major endurance test to complete - something that I find happening all too often when I watch the movies of Wheeler and Woolsey. Where was all the humor ?!
