Final Score: 1.8 (out of 10) <br /> <br /> After seeing 'Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back', I found myself on a big shot of Eliza Dushku when I rented this movie. "Soul Survivors" is a "psychological thriller" of junkie dressed as a teenage trash movie - even to the point of having a masked killer stalking a cast of young stars like Dushku, Wes Bentley (American Beauty), Casey Affleck (Drowning Mona) and the friendly star Melissa Sagemiller. Luke Wilson is also present, ridiculously misplaced as a priest. The film, devised by screenwriter and director Stephen Carpenter, appears to be a mutant offspring of 'Open Your Eyes' or 'Vanilla Sky' and movies in which a character (and audience) is caught in a world of delirium caused by an accident / death. The film continues to produce disturbing images and leaves us in a state of total confusion for the duration of the film until the resolution of this alternative reality. I do not think these movies are as entertaining - by their very nature - but "SS" is a cheap trash cinema. The visual elements, the screenplay, the actors' play and the attempt at all originality are all disposable after films like this one. Plus, this is PG-13, so it does not even deliver gore or T & A to support it as a guilty pleasure (even the unrated version is tamed). I had heard that the film contained a "hot" shower scene between Dushku and Sagemiller. As the film collapsed in front of me and all the entertainment seemed lost, I found myself waiting patiently for the shower scene - at least I would get something out of it. Then it comes: the two girls have paint on their shirts, they jump in the shower fully dressed and rub them. That's all. People thought it was hot? 'Soul Survivors' is one of those films so weak and so inefficient that it's hard to have ANY feeling for him. It emits nothing and is hardly worth writing. In the end, it leaves us empty. Carpenter's finale is a flickering mess of light and its pounding and it's probably the most animated part. There is no doubt that it will be the round of the night in the United States or on Sci-Fi Channel, because of its low cost and its classification PG-13 - and this is probably the best choice.
