The world is facing imminent destruction and a suicide mission is sent to the Sun to avoid catastrophe by throwing a bomb into his burning heart: yes, this is Solar Crisis, aka Crisis 2050, which burned a huge piece of change that never appears on the screen. back in 1990 and came back barely enough to buy a Happy Meal for each of the actors in Japan before going straight to the video (do you remember?) in a re-released version attributed to a certain Alan Smithee. The plot is pretty much the same as Sunshine - suicide mission to the Sun, saboteur on board, logic aside - except this time, they do not try to rekindle the sun but to prematurely explode an eruption solar before it can reach the Earth. With a talking bomb. Expressed by Paul Williams. Who wants to be promoted so that the crew takes it more seriously ?? Since the cast also includes Jack Palance in his craziest OTT, Charlton Heston in his stiffest, Tim Matheson in his most anonymous role, the unforgettable Michael Berryman of Hills Have Eyes (you may not remember anymore by name). Do not forget this face) and Peter Boyle, as an industrialist, wants to sabotage the mission because, if it succeeds, the world will be saved but the course of his action will drop, you would expect not to have a minute to laugh at least. a laugh every reel. No joy. This is the worst kind of bad movie: a boring movie. The fate of the world may be at stake, but the entire film is shot without any urgency or impetus at the same slow and deadly pace. There is discreet and walking, but here the actors do not even do that. Instead, they stay motionless, most of the time, watching screens in the dark. You continue to hope that Paul Williams' talking bomb will undergo an existential crisis, but instead, the film ... remains motionless, doing almost nothing. Literally. This is one of the most inert films ever made ?? So inert that if Clive Owen had been launched, he would have seemed almost lively in comparison. Even a poorly explained attempt at suicidal repair fails to arouse interest, because it mainly involves, yes, the cast stands motionless, watching the screens in the darkness. Even when the bomb falls prematurely in the countdown before being launched, they treat the new crisis by ?? Standing, watching the screens in the dark, as if they had all the time in the world. Merchant-Ivory movies have better action scenes. <br /> <br /> Things are not as animated on Earth, where the film spends most of its time with Matheson's son / Chuck's grandson, Corin Nemec, trying to get to Spaceport center through an arid landscape with the senseless desert artist of Palance "in search of that note there while the girls are still digging me" while he is caught red-handed by the rejections of a scam Mad Max and evil costumes chasing him to find him? release it on a beautiful beach. Do not expect logic if you have not already guessed it. Best moment? A girl in a bar describing Jack Palance as "an old man with white hair and a rotten leather-like face", although Chucky Baby is taking the bad guy's plane with a bazooka shot from the office window or flying a barfly who loves his beret are welcome parts of the camp in a movie that offers for 99% of his time a lot of nuttin '. The slightly longer original version of Richard C. Sarafian, played in Japan, offers six extra minutes, but needs to be reduced to 17 minutes more manageable: the director of Vanishing Point surely thanked his lucky stars when the reissue gave him excuse to take his name from the movie. A film so bad that it is not good and that it is painfully unusual
