"The Bat People" is a proud resident of the IMDb Bottom 100 group. From time to time, the film suddenly disappears from the infamous list, depending on whether there are new movies with Paris Hilton in the lead or documentaries on movie stars. 'American Idol, but he always returns reliably sooner or later. And why? Because, unlike most of the bullshit on this list, "The Bat People" is a bad legitimate movie and deserves to be broadcast regardless of media influences or Internet buzz! It's hardly the worst movie of all time, because the basic concept has a charm and ingenuity, but it's indescribable that it's hard to sit in the movie. The scenario is incredibly boring, with absolutely useless padding sequences and gigantic gaps in continuity. However, the main characters remain unknown throughout the film. In addition to a sensible scenario, the film also lacks spectacular killing sequences and makeup effects ?? although the courtesy of a young Stan Winston ?? ridiculously inept and remain largely invisible until the end of the film. The title of the film is inaccurate because "people" refer to a number in the plural while the story revolves around one person. Much more than Bruce Wayne, the real Batman plays in this movie and also has a real cave and a bat mobile (a stolen ambulance)! The plot presents a young couple on their honeymoon to explore the caves. They move away from a group of guided tours and he is stung by a bat while trying to protect his wife from malicious attacks of the animal. Fearing rabies infection, he undergoes intense treatment at the local hospital, but that does not prevent him from slowly turning into a bloodthirsty creature. He kills people at random at night and has fun with the suspect police sergeant while his beloved wife is still convinced that this delicate behavior is exclusively due to allergic reactions to anti-rabies treatment. Of course darling! The script never explains why a bat would attack people and why John always turns himself into a normal human being at the dawn of a new day instead of gradually turning into a permanent state of bat guano . So, basically, "The Bat People" is a variation of the good old werewolf theme, but obviously not very interesting. The concept has shown a lot of potential, but the secondary intrigues are centered on whistling drunkards and evil sheriffs rather than horrible monsters. Some outdoor sets and locations seem impressive, the inappropriate song played during the credits is strangely catchy, there is a bit of gore during the climax (well!) And lead actress Marianne McAndrew is delightful to watch (but do not listen). at). The current list of this really bad and boring movie in the last 100 is number 80, and I personally hope it will stick somewhere in this region. The list just would not be sensible and traditional without "The Bat People".
