Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II begins at the 1957 Hamilton High School graduation party where Mary Lou Maloney (Lisa Schrage) cheats partner Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson) with Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis). Bill discovers and is devastated, meanwhile, Mary Lou is announced queen of the 1957 prom and goes on stage to accept his prize. Bill, still wounded, decides to make a joke to Mary Lou, so he throws a firecracker on stage but the fuse still lit grabs Mary Lou's dress and sets it on fire, seconds later, Mary Lou toasts. 30 years later, Hamilton High will soon be organizing its annual ball. Bill (Micheal Ironside) is now the principal and has a teenage son, Craig (Justin Louis), who is dating Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Lyon) and both are considering going to prom. Bud (Richard Monette) is now a priest, this terrible night of 30 years ago still haunts both Bill & Bud. One day, Vicki is looking around the basement of the school when she discovers a large chest she opens. This is a bad move, because Mary Lou's vengeful spirit is released and intends to claim her crown as queen of the ball and in it. free time is planned to avenge his untimely death. In the first place, Jess Browning (Beth Gondek) whose death is attributable to a suicide, Mary Lou begins to own the body of Vicki in the approach of the night of prom. Kelly Hennenlotter (Terri Hawkes), who attempted to fix the prom, won the competition. Mary Lou in Vicki's body is crowned queen of Hamilton High's prom, allowing Mary Lou to come back from the dead to make an unexpected appearance and really enliven the party. > <br /> Without any connection to the Prom Night (1980) & directed by Bruce Pittman I thought hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II was not a particularly good movie. Ron Oliver's screenplay focuses more on the supernatural than on the affordable themes of teen slasher, whether it's a good or bad decision depends on your expectations, I suppose. Personally, I found that these different elements did not gel and did not work very well together. All the movie was too slow to be really enjoyable, after the opening sequence where Mary Lou dies, no one is killed until half an hour and the movie goes on for another half hour until Vicki finally gets possessed and the film finally takes off for the climax where an evil Mary Lou kills a single person at the prom before she's supposed to be defeated, come horror movie fans you expected the killer snapshot ' not dead and ready for a sequel 'did not you finish? Do not expect a high number of bodies, just five in all the movie and no particularly graphic although I liked the way Monica (Beverley Hendry as Beverly Hendry) tried to hide in a shower room locker that Mary Lou crushed and ending in poor Monica the blood oozes. The supernatural side of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is portrayed by Vicki with many hallucinations during the first hour and Mary Lou controlling objects in the latter stages, including some scary shots of a rocking horse that s' anime, the scene is very good as it turns into water and the hands of zombies drag Vicki. The slasher side of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is not exceptional, I loved Mary Lou herself when she took out the mandatory one-liners and she was a good villain even though she did not failed to kill enough people. Oh, and yes, I've had the homage to various other horror filmmakers with almost all the character names shared with one, which of course adds nothing to the movie but it's a nice little touch, I Assumed. The acting is correct, but Michael Ironside, who is normally reliable, seems lost and indifferent, almost as if wondering what he was doing in this area and whether he would work again. Forget everything gore, someone is hanged, a crucifix is ​​stabbed, someone impales himself with a neon light, a computer goes crazy and electrocutes someone's face (!?) & Mary Lou gets out of the body of Vicki first like a rotting zombie that was a pretty cool scene. There are pictures of frontal nudity in the girls' shower too, if that's your thing. Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is acceptable to watch, has reasonable production values ​​and is generally well done. Overall, I was disappointed by Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II, it was too slow and finally without incident to keep my interest for almost 100 minutes. I'm not sure it deserves a rating of 3 or 4 stars, I'll give it a 4 because there is nothing particularly wrong with that, I suppose & I have already seen much worse films but it has not really nothing for me I'm afraid.
