John (Gary Kent, pseudonym of Michael Brody) is a truly disturbed psychopath and cannibal who lives in a cave. He tracks down campers who make the unfortunate mistake of hiking in his nature. Steve (Dean Russell) and his friend Charlie (John Batis) compete playfully with their wives Sharon (Tomi Barrett, wife of Gary Kent) and Teddi (Ann Wilkinson) after surviving in the wooded campground. by themselves. To prove a point, the girls decide to head to the wilderness of Los Angeles for a camping trip disturbing their partners to the point that they will follow them soon thereafter. In prey to John, Teddi is soon killed while Sharon flee and the men arrive late in the wild because of the overheating of their truck. Frightened, tired and paranoid, Sharon receives a very unusual assistance. John's ghost children! That's right, John's children stay in the desert, ghostly apparitions spying on those living in the woods, particularly enjoying Sharon, helping her guide her to safety and her friends. Meanwhile, Steve and Charlie quickly find shelter from the rain and night in the cave where John lives. Cooking with fire, the simmered meat comes from the wife of Charlie, Teddi! Without knowing it, Charlie eats meat at the request of John who finds the strangers in his place of residence! Anyway, soon, worried about their wives, Steve and Charlie began to find them in the early morning. Meanwhile, John goes on a hunt with Charlie, Steve and Sharon in a fight for survival. When Steve is fractured between two huge rocks over a river, he will be handicapped only by this already nightmarish scenario. Sharon will follow his young ghost friends to potential security ... even at one point, they will plead father not to kill her. Charlie, unfortunately, does not have such friends. <br /> <br /> The director Donald Jones (who also wrote it and went bankrupt by financing the film) cleverly turns the film into such a breathtaking place in Sequoia National Park, in California, where these gigantic trees dominate from great heights, and I watch mostly backwoods loggers for this purpose. For some strange reason, I did not particularly find Jones's direction in the atmospheric setting .. fear was absent, although there are some pretty disturbing attacks from John using his knife (.. smartly shot, the Jones' camera suggests more than what is actually on the screen, but somehow, continues to blow what John does to the victims). In such a picturesque landscape, seeing innocent people in the grip of a maniac increases terror. City dwellers who try to spend a few pleasant days in a different place, feel the fresh air, enjoy a magnificent view, are followed by a terrifying predator with a very intimidating knife. Putting in the background why John is the monster he is, Jones allows us to witness his memory of memories by discovering the adultery of his wife and reacting accordingly (.. She is also a ghost in the desert looking for her children, wanting to punish them for "being naughty") killing both her and the lover in bed (.. a refrigerator repairman). Children, sad and depressed, have committed suicide and are now "haunting" the desert, always interacting with their father or who of their choice. I realize that such a novelty is that ghost children in a Backwoods slasher are unique and appreciated by some, but I found the idea rather hokey and too silly to be taken seriously. They help our heroine escape some potentially dangerous situations, but it was terribly difficult for me not to laugh uncontrollably. The music I found horribly from the 80s and the performances are not hallucinating. I mean, I could react to the situation they were in, because it's very terrifying to be in an unfamiliar and unfriendly territory chased by someone who knows the area so well. I think the film is similar in many ways NOT TO GO IN WOOD..ALONE!, Except that THE FOREST has the aforementioned ghost children (their voices resonate when they talk to Sharon, to their father or to each other) ). Gary Kent looks like a dirty George Lucas, with ragged clothes and lost humanity. As I said above, the violence is not as gruesome as suggested, because the director Jones is able to effectively cut a lot of stab wounds, but the way he staged the pieces put in place leaves you rather troubled (.. The killing of Teddi, the violence that was outlined mainly on the surface of a huge stone formation nearby, his call to arrest John and, once stabbed repeatedly, he was trying to to move away from his predator to end, I have seen more and more badly this type of slasher film, it is rather mediocre, at best, with some well-shot scenes, I do not really think that it is particularly memorable, with the exception of ghost children.
