I mean all the obscure, obscure, low-budget horror movies that are waiting to be rediscovered in a DVD, why choose THE FOREST? I love direct home video on an ultra-limited budget or any other version of alternative horror. I love the horror of 1980s hackers. I love lumberjacks with fools roaming the night to be pursued, murdered and eaten by psychopaths. I'm very much in favor of the idea that non-professionals are working on a horror film as a way to get into the industry or just make a film because they want to make one. I am quite willing to use public places found, non-actors, nameless names behind the camera and in the studio. NO PROBLEM! The most evocative image of THE FOREST is her first shot of a couple walking far through a forest in the woods: we see them as tiny, vulnerable creatures entering a gloomy, dark world where humans may not be not be at the top of the food chain. most feared predator. Then the film dives and never gets back - we meet the couple of backpackers just the moment they realize they are being hunted down. They are separated, both are massacred, then we meet the protagonists of the film while driving their car in a traffic jam. They meet their respective companions and decide to go on a camping trip. Snores spread in the room as people who came to watch a movie violin with their cell phone no longer told them how bad the movie was. <br /> <br /> This movie is too slow, this movie is too boring, and this movie is too talkative. Which would not be such a bad thing if writers had given people something else to say than the stupidest, the most stupid and the most useless things. You know that your horror movie is in trouble when the character with the most interesting lines is the sullen-faced forest ranger who warns everyone to get away from Cannibal Woods. And speaking of these "woods", they look as far from civilization as the vacant lot overgrown with football fields, with only big rocks and a stream. There are impressive clichés of the primitive forest, but no real sense of being in the middle of it. If one of the characters just sat on the track and waited long enough, he would be blown away by someone. <br /> <br /> The worst part of the film is that it does not attract any human interest: I do not know. who are these couples and do not care about what happens to them. The cannibal breaker hermit is irrelevant, even when he pretends to see freshly prepared meat on the leg of one of his victims to serve as terrible bites to his boyfriend, who is simply seeking refuge in his cave. The irony of what is the quintessence of "under shock". Coupled with a deliberately disturbing synthesizer score, a cinematography that strangely resembles a camera attached to a dog and follows people's movements, a noticeable lack of appreciation, nudity, unpleasant sensations and an unhealthy atmosphere. What we have here is a horror movie that is not even as scary as an educational PBS TV show about how magnets work. <br /> <br /> I do not want to "tell this" to the people behind this film, because they obviously participated in the project. with almost nothing, did not force herself to be creative and ended up with another boring movie on a fly chasing women through the woods with a knife. There is nothing wrong with this concept, which is wrong, it is the way imaginative and quite pedestrian that it was executed, until the conclusion quite useless, when the film begins just lose about 80 minutes. The best thing you can say about THE FOREST is that the process is relatively fast and there is not much to order for a new projection - that's why I do not understand why anyone would feel the need to release a DVD. It was good as a Prism Video rental year, as a DVD, it will cost $ 5.99 rack in a month. There is little if any urgency to see the film unless you plan to create your own ultra-cheap hacker in a public park where no one can charge you for having filmed it. Here is a guide to the steps to follow to avoid doing. <br /> <br /> That said, the film has an interesting sequence, or rather a sequence so pathetic and ill-thought that it becomes an enigma. in a film otherwise cut and dried: The fool returns home to find his wife in bed with the local entrepreneur. He sends his beloved, armed with a kitchen knife that seems to have been made to be used in a horror film and takes off after the intruder. The guy leans over and attacks his career, which escapes and runs away, but the psycho materializes in his tracks with a bigger and harder weapon. The psycho attacks again and the guy walks away. The psycho materializes AGAIN, and once again the guy walks away. So again! Finally, during the fifth attempt, the psychopath tripped the guy to fall on a kind of gear blade. How did he continue to materialize armed with larger weapons like these? Is there a supernatural element to this psychopath? Since the film never says anything, the scene is just an enigma, staged to create tension. His goal remains unclear. The whole film is like that really, existing without it being necessary to do and perform in such an uninteresting and punchy way that one can not help wondering what it's all about. <br /> 3/10 and much evidence that being able to release a movie on DVD does not necessarily mean that you should do it.
