The title of this slasher of the 80s, obscure and (almost rightly) forgotten, inevitably reminds me of the mega-smash-monster of The Cure with the same title, from which an extract of the lyrics of the title section of this commentary user. Plus, I did not have anything else to say that was helpful, anyway. But hey, "The Forest" is not totally hopeless and not even so bad, actually. At the very least, it obeys the first rule of the 80s slasher, certainly unwritten: to kill someone in the first 10 minutes of play. You have certainly heard about the basics of this film a dozen times, but Do not be discouraged, because "The Forest" has much more to offer than an attractive and sinister cover image. It's actually a bit of an atypical 80s slasher! The main characters are not brainless teenagers and the screenplay has strong ambitions for supernaturalism. The concept is not always successful, let alone plausible, but it is interesting enough to hold your attention and you can even enjoy some surprisingly strong moments of tension and twists. Two married couples decide to camp in the most isolated forests of California, but because of a stupid bet, women travel separately from their husbands. Just settled for the night, they receive strange visits from a mother in search of her two children, the children themselves and finally the father in search of human flesh. The mad family can be real or imaginary, but women are definitely in danger and by the time their husband arrives, they have already disappeared. Men also meet the family and learn more about the slightly dysfunctional context. "The Forest" is a strange and unusual movie, to say the least. It's not really a conspiracy masterpiece, but the completely strange atmosphere will certainly appeal to the horror fans of the 80s. The murders are pretty horrible and filmed to excess, including a slit throat and a painful slaughter with a saw, and the filming locations are breathtakingly beautiful. The more you think about history and its sudden twists, the less it makes sense. My advice would be simply to enjoy this strange viewing experience as long as it lasts and not a minute longer. The acting performances are just above average, the music is correct and at least director Donald Jones (also responsible for "Schoolgirls in Chains", a 70s operating madness) has tried to be a little more creative than the majority of horror movies of the 80s. Too bad it ends up failing.
