A painfully sloppy Christmas film that has an equally painful performance by Vince Vaughn, who pays for his usual frat boy, but this time for a children's film but without the wit or charm found in his films rated R. Vaughn seems to be on the autopilot although most of the film and he continues to run into walls with his dull performance. After 30 minutes in the movie, you are in contact with your inner flail and say "Bahumbag" how funny this movie is. After another 30 minutes, you will want to realize how unbearable the movie was at that moment. Of all the actors involved in this mess, only Paul Giamatti and Rachel Weisz bring some life to their thin paper roles in perspective and it's manly, as they are far too good actors to be in this movie. Paul Giamatti brings depth and warmth to the character of Saint-Nick himself, but he is forced to follow Vaughn's juvenile behavior when they argue over their sad brother. You can see on Giamatti's face that he does not have fun with his role and that is painfully seen in some parts of the film. Rachel Weisz brings a sense of fun and wit to her role but she does not really have a character to work with and you can see on her face that she is well aware of it, so much so that she seems irritated at certain times in his life. the film. Fortunately for her, she does not do much in the film and is able to save a face, unlike Giamatti, who seems about to fire his agent at the end of the film. The management also feels uninteresting, as if there is no feeling or flow to follow and it would be a holiday movie but that we end up having the impression that you just watch a wonderful widow show being demolished. <Br /> <br /> I do not know what's wrong here but with only two actors involved (Giamatti and Weisz) doing their best to at least bring something to the table with a non-funny scenario with which they had to work, with uneven direction without feeling the subject under study (it's a Christmas movie of all things) and an actor who makes fun of his performance (Vaughn), you have a very unevenly bad movie that is very hard to watch.
