A unique science fiction recipe, a hundred times never imagined - a group of isolated scientists confronted with an unknown alien (and surprise, surprise). ) Antarctica! <br /> <br /> The film stars James Spader and an almost unknown secondary cast (with the exception of Carl Lewis, who is actually not that bad for a non-actor) - who delivers performance disproportionately little to reinvigorate the unimaginative dialogue of the script. To make matters worse, the film moves slowly, there is almost no secondary plot and the few action sequences are stereotypical and not so exciting. Its small wonder that this thing went directly to the DVD. What is amazing is why Spader - an excellent actor, who won the Best Actor Award in Cannes for "Sex, Lies and Videotape", and did a remarkable job in the innovative science fiction film `Stargate ' , chose to sign this dull project. Or maybe not, if you look at his career, because it seems he has invested his talents in more blows than blows. <br /> <br /> The most remarkable thing about `Alien Hunter 'is the way they managed to cram. many elements of so many great sci-fi movies, and still have the thing that turns out to be so apathetic and artificial. There are huge amounts borrowed from "The Thing" (both the original Howard Hawks and the excellent remake of John Carpenter in 1982), "Contact" and "Outbreak"; some references to "Alien", CE3K, "The Andromeda Strain", "Kubrick", "2001" (ie the "exotic black box") and "Mission To Mars" (ie say the mystery message); and even a few 'Sneakers' and 'A Remarkable Mind' (although they are not sci-fi movies, they share a 'cryptology' connection). Hell, there are even cornfields and Antarctica, just like the recent 'X Files Movie'. And the bright translucent spacecraft at the end looks exactly like something that was snatched from a capture of "The Abyss". <br /> <br /> All this has been done before and much better, although I recognize that there were some small surprises towards the end. I could say a little more about the plot, but it's absolutely not necessary. You already know more than half of this movie without ever seeing it. (5 out of 10)
