Recap: Something mysteriously dense transmitting radio signals is discovered in the Antarctic ice. The mysterious block is dug up and taken to an Antarctic research station. Julian Rome, former worker of the SETI, is led to decipher the message. The problem is that one of the researchers is a former girlfriend, and the situation gets in the way quickly, especially since the other researchers are practically throwing themselves at him. And the ice block containing the thing inside melts abnormally quickly. Soon, the object is in the open air. The mystery continues however because the object generates a huge amount of electricity. It's decided to open the object, but just before it's done, Julian decodes the signal. "Do not open". But too late, and the object explodes when it is finally pierced, and two things are unleashed on the earth. The first is a stranger, who was dormant in the object, and the other is a virus that instantly kills research staff. And Washington, which is suspiciously updated on this historic event, decides that these things can not be dropped on the earth. So, a Russian nuclear submarine, carrying nuclear weapons, is sent to Antarctica. <br /> <br /> Comments: The film reserves some surprises. One is Carl Lewis, surprising surprisingly well, and the other is that the special effects are beautiful, well worked and much better than expected. Unfortunately, history has many surprises, and this time not in a good way. In fact, there are so many holes in the plot that movies sometimes seem to be scenes connected in almost random fashion. One can never really explain why Washington knows as much, why Washington is able to command Russian submarines, why the object is in the Antarctic and woke up now. It is really amazing that the extraterrestrial pod transmits in understandable English. Some may want to explain this by the fact that the extraterrestrial had already come to Earth and knew the language (and obviously chose English, why?). But then it is very confusing why the nice extraterrestrials who apparently want to save Earth from the virus send their message "Do not open" coded! And finally, the end is as open as possible. <br /> <br /> The film is a little fun, but too much energy (from me) has to be diverted to fill the gaps of the plot. Therefore, the total impression of the film is not very good. <br /> <br /> 3/10
