OK, here it is: "The Nazi mountaineer befriends the Dalai Lama." What we do is that we first get a major star without any idea of ​​how to produce a Germanic accent, and we let him stroll between French, German, American and British for more than 2 hours. Then, we concoct a series of extremely improbable events and spread them very widely, so that the plot advances almost imperceptibly. But to make sure that the viewer does not fall asleep, we add scandalously absurd details, such as our hero smoking a cigarette at 22,000 feet. Of course, we also need to remember that our target audience does not want to read too many subtitles. Thus, every character, even the most modest peasant of the Forbidden City of Lhasa in 1943, speaks perfect English, even with dubious accents. Of course, the trickiest part is knowing how to handle the spiritual and political aspects of history. So we have this: we have the Dalai Lama as a friend with the now-reformed Nazi, because the latter knows how to play with film projectors, antique cars and all the other objects that represent the freedom of the West. capitalist. In return, our hero learns from his young protégé a kind of vague and indefinite Buddhism that is never really highlighted or treated in a serious way. We also have many scenes with the hero displaying all the marks of respect and protocol that the rest of Tibetan society accords to the Dalai Lama, even as we claim that the hero has a deep respect for these people and their spiritual leader. In other words, we just expect the public to believe that this guy is now a Buddhist, in his own way, even though we do not seem to know what his transformation implies or how much we want to do it. . And, lastly, we hang a statistic at the end of the film about the consternation that the Chinese showed towards the Tibetans (which is certainly true), thus opening us to accusations that we made a film "political" even if it's nothing like that. So, zat ist my idea. Are you zink? Can we make a movie?
