Five Across the Eyes begins when five teenage girls return home in time for curfew, stop at a store, accidentally hit another car and decide to leave. Shortly after, the other car forces them to stop and a crazy woman with a shotgun comes out and shouts at them, forces them to undress, makes them piss on and makes them leave at random. Shaken and shocked, the girls think that their ordeal is over, but the crazy woman comes back for a few seconds as she seems intent on killing the terrified girls who are lost and run out of gas ... /> <br /> Produced and directed by Greg Swinson & Ryan Theissen and Swinson writing the thing & Theissen responsible for cinematography and editing I must say that Five Across the Eyes is by far one of the worst movies I've ever seen never seen, otherwise the worst. I mean, I have a hard time thinking about a movie I saw that is worse. Let me begin by saying that I am sure that many of the decisions made here were made deliberately to try to create an atmosphere, a tension, a realism and a suspense, but there is not one single aspect of Five Across the Eyes that I did not touch. I hate it to be honest, it sounds like a bad personal video that was posted on YouTube and even then it's still a little awkward and a frankly worthless waste of 90 minutes of my time that I could have done some something more entertaining and fun, like pulling my nails with tongs. The reviews on the web seem pretty positive, but on IMDb (the number of comments of 1 star is revealing and they can not all be wrong, no?) And it's a bulletin board which, in my opinion, is much more an indicator From the average Everyone thinks it's absolutely shocked by just about everyone. The phrase "the worst film I've ever seen" is used a few times and to be fair, most of these negative comments mention the same things and I agree with them. The story is terrible, all right, I guess it's supposed to be minimalist but minimal? There is never any reason or explanation for the events that occur and it feels totally random. This has been going on for ages, the amount of intrigue here would struggle to complete a thirty-minute program specifically designed for TV. The dialogue is awful with those annoying girls who do not seem to have a brain cell taking random things and shouting a lot. Oh my God screams, there are seemingly endless scenes of those screaming or crying girls who not only irritate and annoy and keep any sane spectator from feeling any sympathy for them, it also makes what they are trying to to say almost impossible to hear correctly. Then there is the real killer, the whole film is shot within the limits of a minivan, the camera never leaves this car and, as you can imagine, it becomes really boring, let's add that the low number of people among whom one person was killed screen & Five Across the Eyes is a movie that I hated with passion. <br /> <br /> On the technical side, I can see that the shooting style here was a deliberate choice, but I must be honest again & say Five Across the Eyes is the worst film I've ever seen . As a movie fan, I like that my movies look like real movies because it's a visual way and I do not want them to look worse than the average YouTube video or my personal movies shot on a camcorder while I was drunk. It really looks so amateurish and so bad, it's a complete horror and I hated every moment of every second. Just think that The Blair Witch Project (1999) has only ten times less mine and you'll be almost there. There are moments in Five In the Eyes where you literally can not know what's going on or what's going on because of the camera work and the almost nil and grainy contrast levels. The violence is also under control with some splashing of blood and a stab in the end. <br /> <br /> A reduced budget does not even begin to describe Five Across the Eyes, with a supposed budget of about $ 4,000, it's easy. one of the least budgeted films ever released on a large scale. The two vans in the film belonged to members of the production and represent almost the entire budget, the locations. The acting is pretty bad on the part of the main cast, I hated everything I was crying and shouting, it was not enough to convince, but irritated a lot. <br /> <br /> Five Across the Eyes will be one. Among the worst films I've ever seen and I've seen a few movies, every time someone asks me what's the worst film I've ever seen, Five Across the Eyes will definitely be mentioned. I hated it, every aspect and every miserable moment.
