I am stunned. Yes, it's true. I am really taken here. I did not find it appalling at all, but on the other hand, it was a frustrating experience of macabre, hysterical, and hazy incoherence. The idea of ​​such a minimal and minimal independent production on a low budget is not bad, but it is a confused mix and, in the end, it did nothing for me. It's amateurish and simple; he wants to exploit beyond reasoning and do it in the ultra-modern and late-shoot style. We have the document camera clogged up everywhere (even if it never leaves the van), and we sometimes feel fuzzy, making some details difficult to understand. Lately, you get used to it a bit, but there are times when it becomes too distracting and even nauseating. Keeping it still will help. Context has little foundation (five teenage girls return home after a football game late at night and get lost in the alleyways) In a roadside store, they are involved in a minor accident that destroyed a SUV lighthouse Unoccupied, they run away and shortly after, a light SUV appears behind them, making their night an unforgettable test of terror, spending most of the time playing a game of cat and mouse stretched, noisy and relentless. <br /> <br /> As to be disturbing ... I guess it depends.Some moments can make you feel uncomfortable with your attention to pain, despair and insane brutality (with a good use of the piercing sound effects that seem to be more favored than the image and not forgetting the alienating background sound effects), but I also found myself sneering.In the passages, it can be repulsive and intense with a V Genuine progressive thrust, but hardly believable. The wounds of random characters never seem as bad as you think, even though they should be. Watch how the blood flows, but it's not quite convincing and can get bored. The constant night pursuit by car could only do a lot before becoming repetitive. We have screaming, spitting, bleeding, racing, swearing, bodily fluids, etc. Some rather unpleasant details followed too. With little to do, he needed a much more powerful scenario than the one that was forced and forced. The result was too much squeaking, and the characters and the situation they were in were not very deep. It was about setting up bases, waiting for the next tormented encounter and shooting it long enough. Helping is that he had an unpredictable pattern. <br /> <br /> The performances; Jennifer Barnett, Angela Brunda, Danielle Lilley, Sandra Paduch and Mia Yi look like workers with their upset characters and draw authentic chemistry to offset the weaknesses of the script as to the basis of her character. The reverse intensity of Veronica Garcia as a crazy SUV driver was something ?? yeah something. The true motivation of his character to terrorize girls and his unstable state of mind are virtually nonexistent. I imagine that being psychotic was enough. Now, probably the most annoying thing I've found in this article is this awful soundtrack. Terrible techno music, hard-rock cheesy and a huge final score. It never seemed exaggerated or embarrassing, but it looked like a sore thumb. Co-directors Greg Swinson and Ryan Thiessen try to make the most of their small resources, but even with his nervous mind, he ends up becoming something completely dilapidated. It may have been nice to do, but looking at it just was not the case.
