Watch TRUTH ON LOVE (is it a double sense of the star?), It's like plugging a white noise or sounds made to help you sleep - you put it in the DVD slot because there's nothing left nothing on store shelves and you need entertainment after a hectic day. And it works for that: the British romantic comedy is a little more. <br /> <br /> The story is quite simple and tells the wife of a woman, Alice (Jennifer Love Hewitt), married to a husband more and more distant. Sam (Jimi Mistry) who has put his love life on hold because of the burden of his busy law firm. Her partner Archie (Dougray Scott) likes Sam and Alice, but her appeal to Alice goes beyond friendship. Alice befriends her sister Felicity (Kate Miles), a defender of free love, who encourages Alice to have personal relationships. On Valentine's Day, after drinking with her sister, Alice sent a card to Sam, marked "Anonymous", to check if Sam answers, thus testing his fidelity. At the same time, Archie sends Alice a packet of radish seeds on which he has written a suggestive love, no. Both have regrets ex post facto. In fact, Sam spends time with a Katya lover (Branka Katic) and actually cheats on Alice. Alice organizes appointments with Sam by e-mail and telephone and plans to meet him disguised as "anonymous" to test his loyalty. The whole gang of characters is caught in the stupid charade and the end proves that true love must be based on truth - and the result is the surprising mix of the fluffy script. <br /> <British comedies work through the quality of writing and the quality of acting. Perhaps director John Hay has chosen to entrust Alice's role to a British actress instead of sticking a fake accent to Jennifer Love Hewitt - the result could have been improved. But in the end, this story of Peter Bloore is a message both humorous and pathetic. A source of terrible distraction is a musical score that is always so strong that it covers all dialogues and is intrusive. There are beautiful scenes of London and some moments of good humor, but in the end, this little film is really better used as background music / white noise. Grady Harp
