The story goes something like this: a girl from a small town, Katie (Jessica Simpson), decides to visit her boyfriend in the big city. When she arrives, she discovers that he is not as faithful as he should be. Katie ends up venturing into the New York adventure. Filling as a comic bike messenger and charming mishaps ensues. She falls into a hole in the ground and meets the charismatic man Ben (Luke Wilson). It's not love at first sight, at least for her, but fate and Ben will not give up so easily. Being "just" a girl from a small AND blonde town, a couple of evil rulers in a construction company decides she is the perfect scapegoat for their cunning plan. Misunderstandings with hilarious and sad consequences ensue. However, this is a blonde who will not take him to bed! <br /> <br /> People who judge this film will soon be wrong. The jokes are confident and appropriate, and the story well developed. The relationship between Katie and Ben is so natural that everything Godard has created is ashamed of his nature. The multi-talented Jessica Simpson surprises once again with a strong role that she is the only one who can succeed. Simpson is really the Marilyn Monroe of our time (there is even a scene in his honor!). She balances perfectly between vulnerable and fantasy. Katie really shows us that you can not judge a book on its cover! Luke Wilson is as charming as ever. Even if he was covered with manure, this man would be as attractive as anyone. Her light touch, puppy eyes and relaxed attitude make it hard to resist. Andy Dick plays the role for which he was born, one of two diabolical executives. It really can not be underestimated. The strength of the performance lies in its restraint. This is remarkable, because most of the actors were content to run away and play for cheap laughs. Not this guy! <br /> <br /> In conclusion, director Scott Marshall has created an intelligent and often hilarious comedy destined to become a classic alongside film masterpieces like Epic Movie and Norbit. Congratulations to everyone involved, especially Jessica Simpson. His sincere smile and sincere laugh would make a big smile, even to the hardest man. You can be difficult, but you are not so difficult! Warmly recommended to anyone who wants to let go and see a romantic comedy that, for once, seems honest. Thank you for this movie! Oh, and the soundtrack is great! <br /> <br /> Now, if you still have not got it. I am sarcastic. 1/10
