It is common practice that a film about repression is somewhat softened in its style and tone. However, there is a difference between being restrained and encouraging narcolepsy among audience members. In "The Secret Lives of Dentists", starring Campbell Scott and Hope Davis, director Alan Rudolph plays as close to the vest as possible. The result is a film that never goes beyond the rumor that teeth are a metaphor for the bride and groom. life. <br /> <br /> Scott gives a fine performance in the role of David Hurst, a dentist married to another dentist (Davis). Rudolph quickly sets up the dynamics of their relationships - he is completely absorbed in the daily duties of parenting, discretely disillusioned by their unbridled family life - and then increases the tension when Scott can witness or not. his wife with another man. From that moment, the film focuses on whether David will confront his wife Dana about her possible adultery, or whether she will punch him and leave for good. From time to time, David receives visits from an imaginary "friend" in the form of a former patient played by Denis Leary (borrowing heavily from Brad Pitt's Tyler Durden in "Fight Club"). <br /> <br /> Although Dana's infidelity and David's instability are sufficiently uncertain to warrant scrutiny, the last two-thirds of the film are embarrassing of any theme or story. Instead, Rudolph creates a drama from a nasty fever that slowly crosses the Hurst family, culminating in an unnecessary visit to the hospital at the climax of the film. The film never understands what David is really capable of doing if he was not so devoted to his family; nor does he spend much time watching Dana's precarious balance between his family life and his other more fulfilling ambitions. <br /> <br /> By choosing to spend the majority of the film worrying about a fever that goes wrong, Rudolph kills the momentum of his film. By the time the fifth member of the family is sweaty and sick, the film has used all the good graces of Scott's well-measured performance. David and Dana end up back on their steps again and again until a final less than cathartic. Since there is nothing to build in the last hour, the conclusion seems awkward and frozen. "The secret life of dentists" takes a common theme and does nothing to improve it. In short, a film that is disappointing and unimaginative.
