Yeh, I know - you shudder with excitement. Well, * The secret life of dentists * will not disturb your expectations: they are solid, but essentially unimaginative, truthful but boring. This is the story of a married couple who is a dentist and shares the same practice (already a source of problems: if it were not for our separate professional life, we would abandon all our spouses by irritation). Campbell Scott, whose mustache and behavior are not as reminiscent of Ned Flanders men as * The Simpsons *, is the ultra-maniac and hyper-daddy husband, and Hope Davis is the bored and laughing housewife in an amateur opera. One evening, while daddy and the girls attend one of Davis' performances, he discovers that his wife is not only singing his frustrations: he sees his wife kissing and flirting with the director of the opera. (A nice gesture: we never see the face of the director of the opera.) Dreading the possibility of initiating proceedings in separation, divorce and custody - profitable hearings only to the lawyers - Scott chooses to pretend to ignore the imprudences of his wife. <Already, the literati are beginning to yawn: ho-hum, another story about the little pathetic cuckold who cries. But Rudolph, who drew the story from a Jane Smiley novel, hopes that the well-worn material will be offset by a series of flashy and postmodern touches. For example, one of Scott's belligerent patients (Denis Leary, kept relatively - and luckily - in check) will later become a sort of construction of the dentist's imagination, becoming a defender of the devil on the shoulder. Man-made virtues ("Dump the b --- h!", etc.). When not motivated by his new imaginary buddy, Scott is tormented by fantasies, including seeing his wife in a three-man affair with two of the male dental assistants working in their offices. It's not going too far to say that this movie is * Eyes Wide Shut * for real people (or adults, at least). In the same vein, Campbell Scott and Hope Davis are certainly recognizable human beings compared to the glamorous pair of Cruise and Kidman. In addition, the script of * Secret Lives * is clearly more relevant than that of Kubrick. For proof, I propose the representation of children of dentists, especially the youngest, about 3 or 4 years old and whose main statement is "Papa! Papa! Papa! Papa! Papa! Papa !!!" It's family life, all right, with all its charms. <br /> <br /> The film would make an interesting double bill with * Kramer against Kramer * as well. We can easily trace the feminization of the American male from 1979 to 2003. In this film, Dad is the housewife as in * Kramer *, but he is not troubled by the domestic role, unlike Dustin Hoffman, too virile to do toasts. Here, Scott takes care of all the household chores, such as wiping the children's vomit, cooking, cleaning, taking the children to all the crazy activities after school that are on the program. And all without complaint. (And without a comment from a director, it's just acquired.) <br /> <br /> The film has virtues, mainly related to the likelihood. However, he is pushed down by his insistence on fashionable distractions, which results in a long scene where a terrible five-day stomach flu goes around the house. We have to endure useless fantasy sequences, initiated by the imaginary Leary leader. Its existence, by the way, finally recalls the character of Brad Pitt in * Fight Club *. And that finally makes us understand the big defect of the film: the lack of originality. In this review, I realize that it is far too easy to refer to many other movies. While this movie is an improvement for most of them, but still. * The secret life of dentists * is worth the detour, but do not get excited. (Not that you were so excited, anyway, I guess.)
