Apparently, none of the previous critics, most of whom praise the film for its accuracy, actually read a biography of Louis Pasteur. The incredible inaccuracy lies in the relations between Pasteur and Napoleon III. Back in the 1930s, the latter was invariably shown in. It's a bad politician and a self-proclaimed "military genius" that allowed France to be dragged into a disastrous war, he was not the stupid reactionary described right here. He was keenly interested in science and, like many others in the 19th century, saw it as a promising future because of the improvements it would bring. Far from exiling him, Pasteur was his PATRON, building a laboratory and providing him with all the necessary resources. While the laboratory was under construction, Pasteur fell seriously ill. A bureaucrat, deciding it was a waste of money to build a laboratory for someone who would soon be dead, ordered a work stoppage on his own. the emperor heard of this, his indignation shook the bureaucracy so that there was a flurry of passes and work resumed quickly. The Emperor personally visited Pasteur to comfort him and reassure him that he would obtain his laboratory. The Emperor often brought members of his court to admire Pasteur's plans, and it was obvious to everyone that Pasteur was the one of the emperor's favorites. Pasteur's chief concern about the emperor was that Napoleon thought that Pasteur was practically a mirac the worker who could do almost anything and constantly assigned him tasks outside of his previous experience. Pasteur, a very modest man, was still protesting against this, but Napoleon would say that he had complete confidence in him and Pasteur, despite his doubts. They have always maintained close and friendly relations and, after the overthrow of the Emperor, Pastor refused to say a deplorable word about him, grateful for the end of his life. <br /> <br /> girl having baby, and Pastor sacrificing her principles to get a doctor, never happened. The part about anthrax and rabies, for which he was famous, is generally correct, but the idea that the experience of anthrax elevated him from obscurity to glory is he was famous and respected at when that happened. This film is OK from a dramatic point of view, but very distorted as a biography.
