What an unfortunate mess is "Shiner". I wanted to love this extravagant, anti-film aspirant, and in fact, I found a number of moments with a powerful resonance. Unfortunately, these moments are rare. Although I appreciate some of what Calson was trying to do, of any benefit to which the frame aspired, no budget cinematography was destroyed, with a really atrocious editing of which the film did not benefit at all. <br /> <br /> Shiner's low-budget (and big budget) cinema has remarkably bad and almost painful performances. In particular the couple "straight" Linda and Young Guy. They are the two poorly written characters that offer almost nothing to the story. The acting is so abominable and none of the actors seem to be able to resist a sarcastic smile or crackling as they sadly abandon their lines with a terrible lack of skill. The jerky editing almost gives the impression that these roles are completely free and are not imported to prevent the films from being projected in a stereotypical way like a bizarre gay movie. It would have been better as such. <br /> <br /> With everything going wrong, several performances seem to reflect what Calson was hoping to achieve. In particular the story centered on Bob and Tim. They are the two most richly drawn and rewarding characters with captivating performances by Nicholas T. King (Bob) and David Zelinas (Tim). Tim is a boxer with serious problems. Remarkably low self-esteem is concealed by an almost cartoon as arrogance that he wears as armor. Obsessed by Tim, Bob, seemingly harmless and ultimately scary, follows the boxer in the classic way of cat and mouse. When the tables are returned and the hunter becomes the hunted, it results in the only real emotional catharsis of the film. In such an artificially sharp film (it's a compliment), a character MUST have this revealing breakthrough (or breakdown, as the case here proves) and the final confrontation between Bob and Tim provides Zelinas and King the opportunity to show real asses to action. . <br /> <br /> In the role played by Scott Stepp and Derris Nile, Tony and Danny seem to be at the center of the film, despite some moments of bravery (including a truly disturbing scene revealing the sexual / violent obsession), but they do not seem to be able to escape from a cartoon-like artifice and it is difficult to look - or beyond their apparent symphony of note and find something other than obviousness. <br /> <br /> Finally, this same raw material could (and should) be used to better tell this story. Alas, there is really not much to recommend for the moment, the representations of MM. King and Zelinas really offer something special and give a glimpse of what could have been and deserves to be seen.
