So, did this really happen? Are we, as consenting adults, to blame for the lack of understanding of film and celluloid capabilities of the next generation of moviegoers? Regarding Wayans and Co., the latest addition to the moving images scenario; Little man. This UK PG (Parental Watch), anyone under the age of twelve must be accompanied by a certified adult film, is the perfect example of what has now become the worst case of forgetting since the cigarettes were " destroyed "images of cinema icons from the 50s. <br /> <br /> Audience mostly under the age of twelve who, some without supervision, passed the ceremony obediently and understood everything, ignoring all about them and some of the adult traits that Little Man portrays. , in part at least too. Films, in general, can do better than this poor attempt, while this nonsense makes them come in while they are still young and fresh, the biggest fear for the future of cinema is that ignorance of a child continues to perpetuate itself into adulthood. bliss. The cinema deserves more than that, and the same goes for its constant growth and, literally also, for the public, this blatant milk cow feeds on the ever more impressionable minds of young people. <br /> <br /> There is no cinema experience here, no wonder with open eyes, no impressive respect for the magic of cinema. There is only confusion and contempt, because lack of substance, originality and less boring and parodic spirit of all that is so ultimately unacceptable with the Hollywood machine, we have to support our future. moviegoers like this catastrophic movie par excellence. <br /> <br /> Will it please Hitchcock, Fassbinder, Leone, Kubrick and Schaffner? The money they all loved, no doubt, but their talent and exuberance for perfection and quality and, to a large extent, the respect of their profession and their public, they have never missed. We see again, with the works of the Wayans clan another cliché of bad taste, while White Chicks (2004) was undoubtedly a blow to the bourgeoisie of American society. The irony here is that the two main protagonists, once again played by the Wayans brothers, are so under cover, that all recognition is nonexistent, it also makes a better film, and it is the actor Terry Crews who gives White Chicks are his stuff and his personality, not the Wayans. <br /> <br /> Again, with their pastiche of Blaxploitation movies of the 1970s, as with the 1988 movie, I'm going to piss you off, it can be seen as a comic and fun movie, with weights like Hayes, Jim Brown, Bernie Casey and the magnificent actress Ja'net Du Bois. The fact is that Little Man has absolutely no personality, he is superficial and narcissistic, he has no appreciation or value to his followers, he dives quickly to take your money and, even before we let us know, there is hidden the wheels of commercialism. There is no recognizable effort to know where our money was spent, after Scary Movie (2000), things could only have gone up, but alas no, no great reflection on the artistic value and no doubt that the payment of these intrepid films The next films of the moguls will be directly in video, one can only hope. <br /> <br /> The Wayans seem to have created a genre of film on their own, to a certain extent; they slaughtered to death the parody of the film, they diluted each avenue and their inevitable style. They have slowly destroyed the reputation of the last fifty years of cinema, that the ghosts of the films of the past are as humble in their judgment, as their audience grows so far, at the moment of the bursting of the bubble, that they are so understanding.
