[CONTAINS SPOILERS !!!] <br /> <br /> Timon and Pumbaa are watching The Lion King. Timon decides to come back BEFORE the start, when did the story really begin. So they come back. Way back. Back even before the birth of Simba. Back to Timon's old house, which was miles away from Pride Rock. A meerkats clan buries itself underground to hide hyenas. The worst digger of the clan was Timon, an egocentric and pompous suricate. His mother pitied him, but Uncle Max shook his head. The mother suggested putting Timon on duty; Timon dreamed of a bigger and better place somewhere. Just then, the Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed hyenas arrived and nearly killed poor Uncle Max. That did it. The other meerkats just wanted Timon to leave, while Timon was leaving. So he kissed his mother goodbye and started. He did not go very far before he was homesick. At that time, he met Rafiki, who taught him to look beyond what he sees. Timon had no idea what that meant. He then pursued and met a warthog called Pumbaa, who was all alone due to a flatulence problem. Timon and Pumbaa then join, but Timon declares them acquaintances and not friends. <br /> <br /> They soon arrive at Pride Rock where all the zebras, antelopes, wildebeest, rhinos, giraffes, elephants and many other animals were gathered. What was happening? Timon did not care. They pressed. Timon then saw Rafiki atop Pride Rock lift something he could not see. At that time, all the animals bowed. Was it to honor the birth of the new king? No, Pumbaa had passed the gas and the animals bowed to cover their noses. Timon and Pumbaa are trying out an assortment of new homes, but they are all annoying because of incessant chants or hyenas or a big wildebeest rush! Pumbaa and Timon suddenly find themselves going down. When they reach the ground, Timon decides to give up. But then, they contemplate their new paradise. It was beautiful: trees and waterfalls as far as the eye can see. Timon named the place after a strange phrase learned from Rafiki: Hakuna Matata. Timon and Pumbaa go bowling for the busettes one afternoon when they suddenly meet Simba. They take him under their wing and become paternal figures. They teach him the arts of insect control and contests of vomiting. Soon, a teenager Simba confronts Timon in a snail slurping contest. Simba defeated, leaving Timon seriously ill. <br /> <br /> Then one day, Nala, a childhood friend of Simba, arrived. Timon and Pumbaa just knew she would break their friendship. Suddenly, Simba fled. Nala and Pumbaa run after him, but not Timon. He chose to stay at "Hakuna Matata" alone, until Rafiki "talks" to him, so he joins his friends at Pride Rock. Timon's mother and uncle Max arrive then. While Simba is fighting, Scar, Mother and Max dig a big hole to trap the Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed hyenas. It worked. Scar is soon thrown into the same hole where he is devoured by hyenas. So everything is fine. The mother, Uncle Max and the rest of the meerkats will live with Timon and Pumbaa in the paradise of Hakuna Matata. Back in the present, Timon and Pumbaa finish the film when suddenly Mother, Uncle Max, Simba and Rafiki want to see him again. Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Snow White, The Seven Dwarves, Dumbo, Peter Pan, The Lost Boys, The Mad Hatter, March Hare, Genie, Aladdin and Jasmine. <br /> <br /> It must be said that the Lion King 1 1/2 was not as good as I hoped. It was too ridiculous and silly. The original lion king was a masterpiece. There was a serious story with a light comedy. This story was just idiotic and made fun of her. I swear sometimes Timon and Pumbaa are too overplayed. They are too played to the point of not being funny, they are simply annoying. The original voice is back: Nathan Lane as Timon, Ernie Sabella as Pumbaa, Matthew Broddrick as adult Simba, Whoopi Goldberg as Shenzi, Cheech Marin as Bonzai, Jim Cummings as Ed, Robert Guillame as Rafiki. Julie Kavner of the TV show (Too) Long Simpsons as Timon's mother and Jerry Stiller as Uncle Max enter the cast. So anyway, this film is not The Lion King III, nor this II, because there is already an II. It takes place just after parts I and II have moved away. So it's 1 1/2. In conclusion, I do not recommend this practice to fans of the Lion King, because it is far too ridiculous and frivolous. However, the kids will love it, so I recommend it to them. I hope it will also be the last movie The Lion King. Two are enough. "The Lion King 1 1/2". What we expect from Disney's suite creators. <br /> <br /> -
