A director and his team visit Beal's isolated mansion to create a low-budget horror movie about the seven mysterious deaths of the Beal family over the past century. Even with warnings from the guard, the director pays no attention to the supposedly cursed house. One of the team members finds a book called The Tibetan Book of the Dead and uses some passages for his script. But, in doing so, they raise a ghoul from his grave when they are red. <br /> <br /> Disenchanted, confusing and sticky, the set is a horror production of midnight without money. What looks like an eternity never seems to go forward or demonstrate the effectiveness of decent ideas. Although the awkward and tensionless direction of director Paul Harrison has built a couple of strange, morose and atmospheric settings. But laziness put him early. The entire film in a film structure occupies most of the film and at that moment, almost nothing happens that arouses great interest. It's not fun either. Think about Bob Clark "Children should not play with Dead Things (1972)", and we now have older actors in the role. However, I found "Seven Corpses" lower. The script has a very early sharp wit before becoming dull, predictable and leaving a lot of untapped opportunities. The cheap foundation with limited sets did not help either, but the dark, dark appearance of the mansion looked scary. The performances of a recognizable B cast are mainly rigid. John Carradine in small part hides mainly. John Ireland plays a hot-headed director, Faith Domergue's faded actress calls for attention and Charles Macaulay takes care of it. The premise of the slow grind is crossed between "Ten Little Indians" and your usual zombie setup. However, it is not very engaging, even with its occult and supernatural side. Hell, they even throw in a cemetery action, without taking it away. When the decaying ghoul appears? finally, but a little late. It's a little better, even if it's very confusing. Like the inspired opening, the end is deliciously dark. Damage between the two, he drags constantly. The continuity in many scenes is non-existent, and the scenes of death are more exciting and bloodier (but in fact poorly executed) in the film they shoot, then what really happens to them when the zombie appears. The score of generic music continues to play with its frank but frank Gothic replicas, and the work of the camera is staged with a lack of imagination. Shoot and frame. Shoot and frame. Accomplished job. It's a wrap.
