This is the kind of movie where it's hard to recognize that it's really bad. I normally sanctify things like that! In the early 70s, Grindhouse sparkled with sumptuous sounds and a low budget, usually ROCK, atmosphere. "House of Seven Corpses" seems to have even more assets, because the cast is a gathering of great veterans of the genre (including John Carradine, John Ireland and Faith Domergue) and the locations (the titular house, the cemetery) are obviously very timely for a dark history of terror. The film begins with its most memorable and memorable sequences, although they are unfortunately the only ones to qualify. The credits are a splendid montage, with whimsical color effects and disturbing stills, illustrating how the titular house has received its notorious reputation. The last seven owners have been mysteriously murdered here and the montage of credits cheerfully shows their last moments. Someone falls on the balcony screaming, a lady drowns in her bathtub and another woman's body hangs from the ceiling and four other macabre paintings. Needless to say, the house is cursed and the awkward behavior of caretaker Mr. Price (Carradine) only reinforces this reputation. In other words, the house is the perfect breeding ground for famed director Eric Hartman (John Ireland) to shoot his satanic horror film project. The film structure in the film is mainly what makes "House of Seven Corpses" so boring and uneventful. A lot of film material is wasted when team members prepare film reels on camera and drag cables or ?? even worse ?? Faith Domergue and Charles Macaulay describe stereotypes of terribly intolerable actors. The plot ends up becoming a little interesting (just a bit, you notice) when one of the characters reads lines from an occult book and accidentally wakes up a rotting corpse in the yard. The asthmatic zombie (judging by the noises he produces) slowly heads home and kills the entire crew of the film, recalling how the seven previous ones turned into corpses. After about 60 minutes, the film suddenly goes from strangulation to a strange and confusing state. I still do not know if the last turning point is the concept of reincarnation or simply coincidence. All the remaining characters suddenly seem to undergo vast mental transformations shortly before they die, for whatever reason. I sincerely regret confirming that "House of Seven Corpses" is a pretty awful movie. The places and the landscapes are gloomy, but they are not really used and it is sorely lacking in ghoulish blood. Many low-budget gems of the 70s were incredibly disgusting, so lack of money is no excuse, and murder within a movie really does not matter. Even the always reliable veterans make outstanding performances and Harrison's direction is totally devoid of inspiration. Not recommended, unless you think that editing the opening opening credits with four and a half minutes of cool is worth buying a copy.
