- A film crew turns a horror film into an allegedly accursed old house where, over the years, seven people have died mysteriously. One of the team members finds an old spell book and it looks like it would be perfect for some of the ritual scenes in his movie. Book spells are thought to be better written than the script they use. But as the book is read, the outdoor graveyard comes to life. Now, the actors and the team are facing a real danger. <br /> <br /> - IMDb displays a duration of 90 minutes. For the first 60 minutes, nothing happens. Too much time is spent on the film in a movie. Are we supposed to be scared by the horror movie they shoot? We already know that their film is not "real". These fears simply do not work. <br /> <br /> - There is very little to appreciate about The House of Seven Corpses. The acting is atrocious. Most of these "actors" would have trouble playing a primary school. The score is terrible. It is very much reminiscent of a TV series from the 1970s and does not create any atmosphere. Speaking of atmosphere, except for a few moments at the end of the film, there is no one to talk about. The logic of the characters is almost non-existent. Even in a movie, you expect characters to behave in a certain way. Here, I do not think I remember a scene in which a character did not choose the most illogical way at his disposal. And finally, there is these first 60 minutes of the film that I already mentioned. Can you say BORING? <br /> <br /> - I did not give a lower rating to The House of Seven Corpses because of the case where the movie (probably by accident) actually works. My two favorites are the beginning and the end. The opening sequence of the title presents the deaths of the seven previous owners and could be the highlight of the film. And, the end scenes in the massive staircase while the zombie threatened the film crew are somewhat effective (what a resounding endorsement). But overall, these moments are not enough to make this movie a good movie.
