I have three comments to make on this film, which I discovered hanging out in a lower shelf of Blockbuster. First of all, it is interesting to see the approaches taken by filmmakers to try to film works that are essentially unachievable. Some, like Kubrick with "Lolita", asked the original author to write a screenplay that resembles the original work. Of course, that can not happen here; Kraft-Ebing is long dead. Some have used the premises of the original work as a starting point to move in a totally new and independent direction (the recent adaptation of "Tristram Shandy" comes to mind). The film "Slaughterhouse Five" is an example. Or you can simply take the format of the original and try to render it in cinematic vignettes. That would be Woody Allen's "Everything you wanted to know about sex" approach and, arguably, this movie. After examination, this is probably the only thing that can be done with a scientific work like "Psychopathia Sexualis". The potential loss is that all the accumulated points of the original work are obscured or destroyed. And it's here. <br /> <br /> The second point is the cinematic style. Some call it a "tribute" to Murnau, Pabst, Carl Dreyer, etc., but I think it's more rude than that. He is too heavy and too conscious to stay efficient for long. It's finally just boring. <br /> <br /> The third point is perhaps a less intellectual observation. How did the makers of this film manage to make a film about sexual deviations and wild perversion that is so boring? I found the film impossible to remember, and whoever is not automatically attracted by representations of sexual deviance will find it too. I do not want to be completely devoid of charisma and say that the film is useless, but I must say that all that the filmmakers have said is rather obscured by the nature of the source material, the overt copy of cinematic styles and the stubborn refusal to engage the audience emotionally (perhaps for fear of being accused of titillation). <br /> <br /> The film is a dubious exercise from the beginning and does not really work for me, I'm sorry to say.
