Dreamgirls, despite his handful of victories won by Tony in an incredibly low year on Broadway, has never been what could be called a gem among the musicals on stage. However, that does not mean that, in good cinematographic hands, it could not be developed and transformed into something valuable on the screen. Unfortunately, what is transferred to the screen is basically a slavishly faithful version of the scene, with all its intrinsic weaknesses. First, the score has never been one of the highlights of this production and the film does not change this factor. There are a lot of songs (maybe too much?), But few of them are particularly memorable. The titles closest to the music are the title track and One Night Only - the highly acclaimed one and I tell you I'm not going. It's a less good song than a dramatic drama for Effie (Jennifer Hudson). The film is smooth and technically well produced, but the story and characters are surprisingly fine and have no resonance. There is some interest for the first moments, watching the manager of Svengali Jamie Foxx manipulate his actions at the top, but it takes second place in the last part of the film, when the story conveniently tries to turn him into a villain , despite He was commercially right for a good majority of the film. Beyonce Knowles is adorable and sings her songs very well, but is stuck with a character who is basically all brilliant. Anika Noni Rose as the third member of the Dreamgirls trio literally has nothing to do for the whole movie. Eddie Murphy performs well as a singer obviously based on James Brown, but the role is not particularly fleshy and ultimately has little impact. Foxx would seem like an ideal cast, but he seems strangely withdrawn and bored. The main selling point of the film is surely Jennifer Hudson, former US TV election nominee and Oscar winner, in the central role of the capricious singer Effie White, who is triumphal return to the last act. For me, Effie has always been a big problem both in the series and in the film. The film obviously wants you to feel sorry for it and adopt it rather, but I have never been sure that this character deserves this kind of devotion. From the beginning, Effie has for the most part behaved like an uncomfortable, egotistical and egocentric diva, who is more interested in what everyone can do for her than having a real interest in the group she is part of. When she is excluded from the group for her lack of professionalism and bad attitude, the accusations are more than well-founded, but the show on stage / the movie seems to think that Effie should be cut short in an unlimited way simply because she has excellent voice. Even if the film tries to soften some harder aspects of Effie to make it friendlier, the charges are still valid. Her story becomes more manipulative in suggesting that she should have even more sympathy because she is a single mother who is struggling to raise her daughter - hinting that (just like the talent card) motherhood makes everything immediately excusable behavior. Indeed, the only important effort that the film makes to show the role of Effie's mother is to tell us about it and to then include a scene where she barks at her daughter at the employment office, insists that the girl has "no father" and then refuses to seek gainful employment. job to support them since singing is all she knows. In the hands of a skilled actress, we might have been able to remedy the shortcomings with technique and charisma. Unfortunately, Hudson is not that actress. She sings well, but the moments of dialogue do not come to her naturally, any more than moments of great emotion. Effie's signature moment (the aforementioned number, And I tell you ...) is well sung by Hudson, but emotionally flat in the actor's department. Effie is supposed to express his rage and despair at his difficult situation, but Hudson presents himself as a cabaret artist beating countless numbers. In the end, it is not quite the emotion that is expected. The last part of the movie is basically a predictable mix of events that allow Foxx to return to Hudson's previous position and allow him to come back and dominate everyone. The criminal offenses committed by Foxx in the film are undoubtedly comparable to those of many record producers in difficulty, but it seems that the film suggests that he thinks that this is what he wants to do because he has contributed to the inauguration of the disco era is rather ridiculous, not to mention pretentious and condescending a film with all the depth of a puddle. The end result is a faithful interpretation of the hit, devoid of emotion, energy or anything that can be called dynamic.
