Before I begin, I would like to say briefly that this film itself is very well done and well done, including Whittaker, who deserves his nomination. It's very funny, and. . . taken in the right context as a FICTION work, it's a very good film. For that, I give him the two stars. <br /> <br /> However, rather than waste your time with what you can read a hundred times elsewhere, I want to emphasize the absolutely fictional nature of this film and how dangerous it is to sell to people a fictional work as if it were the truth. I emphasize that this film is nowhere in the credits and that we know that the main character, Dr. Nicholas Garrigan, is a complete invention of fiction. On the contrary, it presents this character in a real historical context and allows the uninformed spectator to presume that he was really real and that what he sees is the truth. The mix of fact and fiction is not a problem for me - but doing so in such a dishonest case is, in a word, reprehensible. <br /> <br /> There is no doubt that Africa, with most Third World countries Countries are plagued by human misery and suffering. Hollywood has long been trying to film the suffering of the people of these countries. But Hollywood also aims to make money. The only true way to capture the suffering that seems to be happening everywhere, but the West is to experience it for yourself or at least to have it captured in an honest documentary. <br /> <br /> But these representations of fictitious characters in the real historical parameters can only do a lot. At the end of the day, they are less concerned with presenting the facts to the viewer, but rather to guide you from one image to another and to hit you in the head, shouting: "SEE, WE HAVE SAID YOU" WAS BAD! Anyone wishing to view the documentary on the DVD after viewing the film will find a prime example. The most shocking image of the film is undoubtedly the body of Kay Amin, the second wife of Idi, whom he killed while discovering his infidelity. In the film, we see that its members have been severed and glued backwards (arms against legs and vice versa). It's the director who makes sure you understand that Amin is, as the Gungans say, Bom-bad! But as we watch the documentary, we learn that this is really just a myth, which the Minister of Health sitting at the time tells us himself is not true. <br /> <br /> Then. . . what. . . they just do these things? Why? Because Hollywood has a low opinion of our intelligence, that's why! They do not trust us to come to the right conclusion ourselves. Look, the fact that she was murdered and dismembered is enough in itself to allow us to conclude that Amin is not the kind guy he described to the media - we do not need these images inspired by the CHAINSAW MASSACRE from Texas to reinforce that! And this is just the tip of the iceberg. What was also not explained to the casual viewer is that the main character of Garrigan is himself a fiction. No young Scottish doctor was taken under Amin's wing. As such, Garrigan is clearly present only to help us stupid Westerners to understand the African world. Producers seem to think that we will not be interested in a film about Africa, unless there is a white face. (Ironically, even the main character is portrayed by a black American actor!) The problem is that the film is no longer a revelator of Amin and his regime, but an exploitation thriller about a white Westerner in Africa for all the wrong reasons, making several horrible mistakes, then "redeeming" himself, even at the cost of three other innocent lives. Honestly, I must say that it is almost reprehensible to suggest that the real tragic death of Mrs. Amin was the result of an appointment with a Scottish fictional doctor - it almost seems like a morbid joke for entertainment! I really hope Hollywood stops making us lose our money. I first realized his propensity to do this with A BEAUTIFUL MINUL, the sweet-sweet adaptation of Ron Howard and Akiva Goldsman of the life of John Nash, who removed the darker side of the man to present that tortured hero that America can simply. not enough. The sad truth is that Hollywood has been selling these fakes for years, and viewers who are too predictable and understandable are too lazy or careless to investigate themselves, buy these fake crocheted, line and lead portraits. <br /> <br /> Listen, I'm certainly not suggesting that Amin is becoming a bad guy he was not. My point is, with the truth being shocking enough to convince us of man's brutality, why should Hollywood then go to such lengths of fiction? Why should Hollywood continue to insult us by holding hands through these films? Why can not they trust us to think for themselves !? Can not we just show honest portraits on the screen and let the audience decide for themselves? I urge anyone who continues to watch the so-called "real" Hollywood movies to ALWAYS investigate for oneself, and NEVER presume that what is on the screen is even close to the truth !
