Forest Whitaker's performance is all the more impressive because it was almost worth it to go through this dike. The "historical fiction" does not justify a change of history. The absurdity begins from the ground with the imaginary main character played by James McAvoy. Creating a fictitious observer in order to give the reader a connection point in the book is unfortunate, unfortunate that whites can not just read a book without a white character to connect to, but at least he was placed in a role passive. To make a fake historical actor and to credit this fiction with exposing Amin to the world is irresponsible, lazy and stupid. Failure to make credible or even healthy the actions of this creation is simply criminal and has opened the door to movies like the one they plan to do with Leonardo DiCaprio as a heroic whistleblower of Enron that never existed. The logic of the world does not apply in this film where a Scottish boy thinks he can continue sleeping with the wife of a murderous dictator. This does not apply when the dictator's wife wants to sleep with a stupid white, lean and irresponsible boy. By the way, EVERYONE is lining up with this skinny, irresponsible and arrogant white boy, he even has Gillian Anderson licking his pretty chops. <br /> <br /> Let me say I do not like James McAvoy. I do not really know what it is, but I thought that his Mr. Tumnus in Narnia was terrifying and perverse. I think Kerry Washington would never look at it twice. I can not believe that the wife of a powerful man as dangerous as Amin is risky and would lose his life for him. I do not believe him as a doctor and I just do not see the call. His character seems to have a lot more arrogance than what makes sense, and trying to make him look like a tough guy by shooting at the cow was just ... that's another word ... absurd. Think about it, you watch all these characters tie up in knots to accommodate this incredible main character and there has never been such a guy. <br /> <br /> Gillian Anderson looks amazing and sounds more British than most Britons. Whitaker gives an excellent magnetic performance, and emphasizes, with his incomprehensible speeches before the Oscar, how much he played. It's a pity that the film around him has no reason to exist.
