"Women - they are all washers ...!" <br /> <br /> No, not a good translation; not at all! This lags behind last year's "The Daddy's Army", totally missing the special magic on the small screen of the original TV sitcom, and not playing any interestingly with the big screen ... it could almost be said that this film is indeed a decline in Britain, and even more so, a declining * British film industry *. And that's hardly a recommendation, is it? To be an example of distressing madness ... <br /> <br /> All that remains after the subtlety of the original TV has been removed surgically, by Cliff Owen, Galton and Simpson are: endless musical landmarks , dilapidated, yawning, the theme of Ron Grainer ... reinforced the sentimentality (this mediocre end, heavy ears ... how much the second film of Steptoe seems more daring in comparison) increased potential - with a director and writers seeming to come off completely - entirely applicable to something like "The Mutations" of 1973, "The Mutations". There's a strangely sloppy, drifting tone in the scene where Harold is defeated in a rugby club, which I hate in part and back off (so far, as one friend said, The atmosphere of the television series ...), but it seems at least an original and emblematic penchant for the tensions that are rising to the boil in Great Britain of 1972 ... There is however an implicit prostitute, a "heart of 'gold', which turns the woman into a bulk -treator 'pon poorer' Arold - and writing beyond the caricature of the element 'class'; not to mention, performances surprisingly badly judged from generally dangerous tracks. Brambell and Corbett collaborate with the script and can not even heal it with essential ham. What would Anthony Aloysius Hancock have done with all of this ...? I'll just concede a few moments of work - mainly those where G & S plays things a little more cautiously and where B & C touches the nerves of the tenderizer - and it's not all in all an unassailable affair. <br /> <br /> But, and oh, as it hurts me to say it: it's boring, boring, at once deliberately detached from reality and what made the TV series awesome, and perfectly in phase with the lazy, misogynist 'whore, it's going to do ...', a big part of what was allowed to pass for traditional cinema in Britain at the time.
