OK, let me admit again that I have not seen another film from Merchant Ivory (the distributor). I have not seen more famous works of the director, so my ability to discuss before the rains outside the analysis of the film itself is mixed. Let me start. <br /> <br /> Before the rains is a different kind of movie that does not know what kind it wants to be. At first, he claims to be a romance. In most novels, the protagonist falls in love with a secondary character, is separated from the latter and is (sometimes) united to his partner. The hero of this film has already won the heart of his lover but can not be with her. His name is Henry Moores and his name is Sajani. They reside in southern India at the end of the Raj (British imperial government). Henry has been away from London for a long time and has fallen in love with his married Indian maid, despite his legal marriage and child abroad. What better than that? They often hide on intimate afternoons until children notice them. The news spreads among Sajani's husband, who questions his involvement with Moores. She refuses any contact with him, but Moores asks him to leave. Sajani refuses because of his dedication and commits suicide. Please note that these events occur in the opening third of the movie. The film changes tone and becomes a crime drama in its final parts. <br /> <br /> Sajani's body is discovered as soon as Moores' family comes to visit him. The alleged perpetrator is T.K., a Moores assistant trained in English. T.K knows the connection of his master but remains silent until his life is threatened. Once declared innocent, he tries to regain his honor by killing Moores. T.K is too sober and leaves him on a dirt road while the rain falls. <br /> <br /> I want to warn you, it's not a love movie. The DVD cover and theatrical posters show an Indian woman and a Caucasian man kissing in an ideal tropical setting. This image is captured directly from the beginning of the movie, but disappears quickly. So it's over. It sounds like an effort to capitalize on Western fixation on forbidden love. It's not effective at all. Not only is the film not a romance, but its characters lack personality. These are packets of traveling clichés. Moores is an arrogant white man who does not recognize the intelligence of his Indian friend, T.K. T.K. is torn between his own heritage and his educational past. Sajani is a woman unable to have a choice in her romantic life. Oh, and of course, Moores' family is curious to know of Sajani's death but remains slightly racist towards the Indians. If the tone was not so bad, I'd be ready to forget about these problems, but that's not the case. The film is presented with a didactic connotation that highlights the poor development of his character. <br /> <br /> No, this movie is not terrible. Apart from the ludicrous scenario, it's not poor. The actors are all experienced and behave well here. Nandita Das, who plays Sajani, was part of the wonderful Indian drama Water. Even director Sivan has an impressive resume. He recently supervised The Terrorist, part of Roger Ebert's "Great Movies" collection. What happened here? Why is this movie so bad? Well, Sivan said he was inspired by the making of this film because of a short film he saw in Israel, Red Roofs. Apparently, the story was "timeless" and Sivan was looking to create a similar experience in the 1930s in India. I have no problem with this approach, but I think Sivan may have been over-motivated this time. Actors, cinematography and scenography are acceptable, but unless you share Sivan's aura, you probably will not like it. My recommendation is that you assume that you are not in compliance with him and that you are looking at something else. Final consensus: * and ½ on *****
