I can understand, after watching this video for the first time in many years, how this is considered one of Laurel & Hardy's worst. For me, it's not as bad as "Ward Raid Wardens" and "The Bullfighters", but there are huge flaws. The film is designed to show Laurel and Hardy as owners and instructors of the dance studio. Hardy is funny like the leaning head of a "London Bridge" dance, surrounded by 20th Century Fox starlets, while in the next room, Laurel teaches ballet for beginners while wearing a ballerina outfit. An awkward carpenter spills glue on the floor, leading to a predictable gag where Hardy ends up losing. Then come the racketeers, who now sell insurance covering their protection. One of them is a very young and handsome Robert Mitchum. But as soon as they intimidated the boys into taking out insurance, they were arrested. <br /> <br /> It's the end of gangsters and the last time we see the dance studio. The rest of the film is dedicated to supporting Laury and Hardy with rich philanthropist Trudy Marshall and her boyfriend inventor, Robert Bailey. First, they try to help them hide their relationship from their disapproving parents (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and his suitor Allan Lane, which we can say is a pork calf. This leads to revealing Briggs' hidden bar to Dumont, a tea tree, and a gag where a rug is literally removed from the wealthy patriarch who crushes himself on his bed in a pond below. When Bailey uses the boys to help him show his ray pistol, a pandemonium ensues. The butler told Case and Dumont that their house was on fire. <br /> <br /> Later, Hardy would like to use the insurance policy to earn money to pay the rent for their dance studio and hope to convince Laurel to take a break. a leg to do it. There is no reference to the fact that the insurance salesmen were gangsters and that the police would probably be disabled. (Even if they had become legitimate insurance salesmen, their license would have been revoked after the arrest). Laurel ended up getting off a bus that had been abandoned by the driver over a dog that was supposed to be enraged (only frost-covered hoarfrost, a cake eating Toto's lookalike or perhaps the doggie himself), Forcing Oliver to meet on a huge beach roller. that the bus eventually climbed, adjusting its wheels perfectly on the tracks. The roller coaster gags can be exciting, as shown by "Abbott and Costello Go to Hollywood", and this one is fun but anticlastic. <br /> <br /> At the end of the story, all these gags do not seem to have point, giving the impression that it was simply a series of unique machines together to form a feature film, which should be part of a double bill. As I mentioned in other reviews of their latest movies, L & H had lost much of its luster after leaving Hal Roach's job, but surprisingly here they do not look as old and tired as in movies of the same year. If the gags had not been so fun, as was the case with some of their other films, it would surely have rated a "2" as opposed to a "3".
