For fans of Laurel and Hardy, the 1940s and beyond were a very sad time for the team. Their contracts with Hal Roach Studios had expired and they were now "free agents", able to work for any studio offering them a job. Unfortunately, Fox, RKO, MGM (without Roach) and even a French film company that hired the boys had absolutely nothing to do with their acting skills. Plus, Stan and Ollie were much older and seeing these geriatric men taking fools seemed sad, not particularly funny. Stan looked very ragged and Oller's weight had swelled to such an extent that he could barely walk - and so I felt uncomfortable laughing at their very, very quiet antics. <br /> <br /> In addition to their age, this film suffers because Fox Studios has strangely placed them in a supportive role and created a parallel plot involving a young couple - something that has reduced their time to the screen AND turned them into tasteless "hangers" instead of just being themselves. A cute and cuddly Stan and Ollie are very alien to old Laurel and Hardy from the '20s and' 30s - and they looked awfully strange and suited them badly. <br /> <br /> Now, even with their age, it might have been a decent movie if it had been given a decent script and if it had appeared, the studio was worried - and it's obvious that they were using the "B" unit here - with, at best, second-class support. In particular, there are very few laughs and the last 10 minutes of the movie are simply awful - you rely exclusively on a sloppy rear projection screen for the stupid pursuit scene - which could be one of the worst of kind to date. movie story. <br /> <br /> For the crazy zombies of Laurel and Hardy, it's a movie they'll love. But, for the team lovers who are willing to honestly evaluate this movie compared to their amazing previous movies, it is simply missing. In fact, of all their feature films before 1940, I can not think of a film that I liked less than DANCING MASTERS. Unfortunately, among the films after 1940, it could be one of their best. Unfortunately, the situation worsened - with miserable movies such as THE BIG NOISE and NOTHING WITHOUT A DISORDER. I just wish the boys have just retired after SAPS AT SEA. <br /> <br /> Finally, I wonder if all the generally positive reviews about this movie on IMDb might reflect more the love of team criticism for the team than it is an indication. that it's a good movie? For an audience that is NOT already in love with the team, I do not know HOW this movie will only annoy the audience - it certainly will NOT convince anyone that Laurel and Hardy were comic geniuses. But even comic geniuses need equipment worthy of their talents.
