This film uses all the clichés of the artist (slow, long shots, minimal dialogue) to try to hide the fact that there is really nothing to look here: there is no plot to speak of , the characters are sad lead) or cliché (the character of Tersteeghe), and they never talk about anything that concerns their life rather without history. The film is centered on a woman who discovers the adultery of her husband. Instead of confronting her, she revenges herself without conviction by committing adultery herself. After a fight and a reconciliation with her sister - who knew about adultery without telling him - she asks her husband to stop cheating on her. They seem to be reunited as a family. Two other scenarios - the planned move of the elderly father of the woman with her young wife to Guernsey and the rivalry with the woman's sister - offer no interesting developments. The suicide of a woman colleague who seems to trigger events in the film is not a subject in itself. For 2005 - or any other year for that matter - it's not enough to make an interesting movie. <br /> <br /> Moreover, the limited possibilities of dramatic development of the scenario are not used or are deliberately avoided, as when the woman and her sister mark a piece of furniture of the house of their father who will be sold because his planned move. The two sisters want this particular piece and given their rivalry in the past - much more important things than furniture: men - this could theoretically lead to a confrontation. Or the problem could be solved by a sister giving way to another. Be that as it may, it would not be a very interesting or original development of history, but at least it would be a development. The film clearly describes this situation (the two sisters look at each other intensely during the markup and one sister mentioned that she did not want to draw straw), but she deceives us in all the resolutions: the scene ends simply and how itself rather bleak and materialistic - the problem is solved, not shown. <br /> <br /> Although almost completely absent, the dialogue in the film is extremely flat and tepid. For example, when during a visit to Guernsey, the two sisters address their rivalry, it is in a dialogue of three lines in which one hears a "yes, it is not, it is not" . The scene of fighting and reconciliation with the 2 sisters is completely without dialogue - giving a highly artificial, over stylized and unrealistic impression and considerably reducing its impact. The way the woman finally - finally! - discusses the adultery of her husband in a single line of dialogue, but it is quite incredible. The husband does not seem to have a noticeable reaction or if he has one, it is not indicated. The woman does not mention her own adultery to her husband. The scene showing the woman, her husband and their young son asleep in an airliner, watched by the sister is perhaps considered a happy ending, but the way the characters have addressed the problems of their lives in what has been done before makes this unlikely. <BR /> <br /> Because of his slow pace, his uninteresting story, his directed direction and his absurd dialogue, I found in this film an example of all that can go wrong with a house art movie and a total loss of time.
