Slither is a horror comedy that does not really have enough horror or comedy to qualify as one or the other. There is an exceptionally good scene, any number of zingers that work, but very few real fears and not enough humor to maintain the film. In addition, the scenario does not focus on the hero and heroine, and disappears in many places. <br /> <br /> One of the flaws of this film is that it presents and then lets its hero (Fillion) follow Grant Grant (Michael Rooker) when introduced to become the monster. All this part of the movie is shuffling - Michael Rooker's character does not really interest us as a person, and watching him as he goes through a series of moves while acting in the monster's interest might be interesting. It was Grant - Portrait of a Man Turning into a monster rather than an extraterrestrial invasion movie by a horror comedy. In the final analysis, the problems of this movie are in the script - the viewer does not care how the monster acts or spreads. The goal of a horror comedy is to gather the heroes in a corner with shotguns, then throw them insects, which make them crack every time a scary or disgusting event occurs. Instead, we explore the extraterrestrial habits and tactics that cause this part of the movie to drag on. The ostensible heroine (Elizabeth Banks as Starla Grant) is more central in this part, but I nevertheless felt that the film had left its narrative trajectory, unless it plans to follow Grant Grant until the end. <br /> <br /> When Fillion and his group finally clash with the extraterrestrial, the film begins to cook, but again, the problem lies in the scenario. At this point, the public knows - and the characters must know - that Grant not only has an illness, but act accordingly (shotguns). Instead, they're constantly asking for more and more obvious evidence that it's not about a thing you at a hospital will "help." Although their reactions may have been human and real, it's act of action movie characters and simply should have accomplished the action promised by the film.A lack of action scenes in a movie with as few ideas as it is a great failure. /> <br /> *** SPOILERS AHEAD *** After the first confrontation and the explosion of the alveolar alien bag (minor and perhaps the best scene of the film), the script betrays the film again. At this point, one of the characters is almost taken over by the extraterrestrial and develops a glimpse of the alien.The writer-director (Gunn) chooses as a character a completely new character, rather than a minor character already developed.Why? Why did he need to introduce a completely new character calf more than an hour in the film, which becomes a central element of the plot? At the moment this character is attacked, we know almost nothing about her and we do not care, even if she is an attractive teenager in her bath. If Gunn had decided not to use this character and only one of the recognized minor characters, he could have completely avoided introducing his family and saving time and money. In addition, the hero and heroine would have been informed of the extraterrestrial projects without all the extra characters and could have removed the aliens earlier and with more vigor. <br /> <br /> My latest criticism is based on the look of the film. Gunn is primarily a writer, or perhaps it was due to budget constraints, but this film seemed ugly and uninteresting. Most of the action takes place at night in the woods or on a field and the screen is simply dull. The sets of Wheelsy (the fictional city where the action takes place) seem cheap. The whole movie looks cheap. Box Office Mojo said that the budget of the movies was $ 15 million, the newspapers say $ 29 million and, considering that they did not use any name talent, I would say that the money was not shown on the screen. The monster is just disgusting, and rarely looks deadly. <br /> <br /> The last criticism is mainly based on the reality of the actions of the character. By the time Fillion and his companions began to hunt Grant / the stranger, a woman disappeared and it turned out that Grant was mutilating animals. At this point, I was expecting the FBI or at least the state police to come forward and take over from the sly Sheriff. A woman disappeared and was probably murdered, and a local person acted psychotic. It's time to call the authorities. But basically, I was hoping it would happen because I just wanted characters to come forward and act. <br /> <br /> Although this film is apparently a horror comedy, the film to which it looks most resembles Dreamcatcher's monstrous invasion terms and type of monster and its intentions. While Dreamcatcher had much bigger story problems (especially the whole secondary plot of Morgan Freeman) and especially the end, he was in many ways stronger, mainly because the main characters were more strong, but mostly because it looked beautiful. Although this may be anathema - preferring the film that is weaker in the general plot and the structural arena because of the production values ​​- it just shows how much I've found Slither's interest.
