This film disconcerts me. Maybe I'm just a stupid American, but I really do not get 400 shots. Everything I read about this movie was a real treat, but I just could not stay interested. I'm sure the filming was as revolutionary as all the critics say, but in the end it's really boring. Maybe it's the language barrier, maybe I'm not "sensitive" or "artistic" enough, but anyway, I hated this movie. The story itself is not bad. it is about a young French boy who is treated unfairly by his parents and his teachers and ends up being in a facility for minors. That in itself should be interesting, and it was at the beginning. There was no problem with the dialogue, but it's hard to say because half the conversations were not subtitled and for no apparent reason, so I did not always know what was going on. But for the dialogue we could understand, it made sense enough. The actors were quite believable, but it's hard to say what a real person would do in these situations. So you feel for the main character, but only in the sense that, when he has problems, you think well, it sucks. The plot is not even your typical plot. Every time he has problems, he has more than the last time, but the reasons never vary too much. And throughout the film, you realize that the main character can not do anything about it. So, it's more like waiting to see how that ends. The end, by the way, was completely over my head. It's way too artistic for me and I just did not understand it. It was easy to follow through. The structure was certainly there, and it made sense too, but everything was really well designed. For the amount of dialogue and the significant moments, the film could have been a shorter hour. It did not finish. Part of that was the needlessly long shots, none of which were particularly memorable; For example, the end was an excerpt from the main character who was traveling on a country road for a good thirty seconds. Now, I'm sure it had a deeper meaning somewhere, but for the average viewer, I'd rather get up for more food during that time. Or at least, do something a little more useful than sitting and watching that boy run, like doing laundry or taking a nap. <br /> <br /> Final Verdict <br /> <br /> The whole movie had the feeling that it would probably be very moving and simply amazing and that it would give me a great life lesson, if only I could get what the director was trying to say by his ?? unique decisions. In the current state of things, I felt deceived for two good hours of my life.
