This film, aka "The Four Hundred Blows" is a translation error. Making the 400 moves "means" living a wild life. As a Frenchman, I am stunned to see the popularity of this good film, but by no means exceptional. 1.This is not the first film of the "new wave", tick "The short tip" of Agnès Varda, (1956) "Hiroshima my love" Alain Resnais (1958), "The beautiful serge" of Claude Chabrol (1958) is anterior Historically, "the 400 moves" comes after. 2.The "new wave" was sometimes heavy and hard on their predecessors: Night, Julien Duvivier, Henri-George Clouzot, Claude Autant-Lara, Yves Allegre and many others were doomed to oblivion. This selfishness and contempt are typical "new wave". You have never heard (nor read) the great generation of the thirties (Renoir, Carné, Grémillon, Duvivier already, Feyder) mocking, say, Maurice Tourneur or Max Linder.So, thanks to Truffaut and his co, some people will never discover some gems of the fifties and forty French ("under the sky of Paris" of Duvuvier, "soft" of Aut-Lara, "a so pretty little beach" and "rides"). The new vague wave went so far as to say that William Wyler, Georges Stevens and Fred Zinemann were worthless! 3. "Les 400 coups" is technically rather disappointing: very academic, the story is as linear as possible, the teachers are caricatures, and the mother, Claire Maurier, delivers memorable lines as around 1960 to understand just how much c 's ridiculous): Well, your father only has his patent and (as for me, I only have my baccalaureate diploma! You must know that 1960, barely 10% of the students had the HSD in France! Antoine Doinel should have been proud of his mother after all! She wants him to have degrees, who can blame her? 4.Compared to the innovations of "Hiroshima my love", which proposes a brand new form and new content "fragmented "," 400 shots "makes sense Truffaut will master a new form only with the very superior" Jules and Jim ", helped by the incomparable Jeanne Moreau 5.The interpretation is quite steep: Jean-Pierre Leaud, listenable without doubt when it is doubled in English, remains decen t, but it will soon degenerate into one of the most affected of his generation. 6.The subject = stolen childhood had already experienced better days ("Carrot's hair" by Julien Duvivier, "los olvidados" by Luis Bunuel) and later ("naked childhood" Maurice Pialat, "Kes" Kenneth Loach), not want to belittle Truffaut, his film is not bad, but frankly, French moviegoers prefer "Jules and Jim" "the wild child" (an honest film, true and commercially uncompromising with a fault) " pocket money "(as academic as" 400 shots "but a lot more funny) or his pretty Hitchcock pastiche" hot Sunday ". <br /> <br />
