According to an axiom of Frank Zappa, "music journalism is made up of people who can not write to interview people who can not speak for people who can not read." If you need proof that musicians can not speak, this movie is for you. Repeated attempts at depth collide on their own to yield monosyllabic commentary uttered with marvelous voices: "Wow." (Thank you, Idris Muhammed.) This film is pretentious, but although much of the pontificate of Youssou N'Dour and his gang of happy men (and a symbolic woman) made you squeak, the music saves the day. <br /> <br /> The main idea behind the film (what I consider to be the main idea, taken from the inarticulate commentary) is interesting. Bring together a group of musicians from America and Europe and take them on a journey through the different styles of music that grew up in and from slavery, finding their roots in West African music and a concert in the former slave fort. of Goree off the coast of Senegal. We are treated to gospel, blues, jazz and variations of these, including fantastic drumming in both New Orleans and Senegal. There are also many N'Dour compositions. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this is another weakness. What N'Dour himself wants to achieve is never quite clear. To a certain extent, the film seems to be an exercise of personal promotion on the part of N'Dour. He wants to play his own music, jazzed to a certain extent and perform with a group of musicians he admires. He is clearly a little embarrassed by this and at the beginning of the film he gets the blessings of the curator of the Gorée museum. <br /> <br /> The clash between the different agendas manifests itself in several places. For example, someone obviously felt that it was not possible to tell the story of black music without using a gospel choir, but N'Dour and most of his companions are Muslims (which has was repeated throughout the film). The whole first sequence involving black Christians is uncomfortable and these disappear from history until the close harmony band (the only black Christians who can have a tone?) Appears in Dakar at the end of the film . (To be fair, they arrive triumphantly and perform the best piece of the film.) If the history of black music is to preside over the gospel, why not also to Latin America? Where are the black musical influences of the Caribbean and Brazil? Samba? Reggae? Then there is Europe. Here, the black diaspora does not seem to have formed musicians of caliber since N'Dour chose to recruit an Austrian guitarist and a Luxembourg trumpet player. Are they in the team just because N'Dour has already played with him? What I personally found the most irritating is the long sequence that tried to recreate some sort of 1960s beatnik / black power / cultural phenomenon of the 1960s in the New York house of Amir Baraka (aka Leroi Jones). Hear people talk about the importance of "knowing one's story," then perpetuating in the breath following ignorance. Why do so many African Americans believe that taking an Arabic name is an affirmation of their African roots? And why do they think that Arab Islam is so much more admirable than European Christianity? Who, in their opinion, established the African slave trade in the first place? The film has little to say about the situation in West Africa beyond the platitude that the "current conditions" are a consequence of the fact that the brightest and the best were embarked for 300 years. years. The Senegalese seem to be a poor but happy people, a music-loving people, friendly and welcoming, respectful of their elders (and above those who visit the American fish market). Are these ethnic stereotypes or just my imagination? There is no comment on the armed guard that N'Dour and the team of turners seem to need during the opening sequence as they walk the streets of Dakar. <br /> <br /> There is also a strong implication in the film: the slaves who were taken from Dakar came from Dakar. The similarity between New Orleans' folk drum style and Senegal's folk drum style is cited prominently. The last thing the slaves had heard before being taken away was the drumming of their homeland, saying goodbye to them. Except, of course, that on the whole, slaves shipped from Dakar did not come from Dakar. They were captured or sold from the interior by the Senegalese coast and sold to merchants, regardless of the European power that currently holds the strong slave of Gorée. The Dakarois are not the descendants of Africans who have escaped the slave trade, they are just as likely ?? more likely ?? to be descendants of the people who sold their black brothers in slavery and exile. <br /> <br /> The two agendas still clashed in the last part of the film. There are two distinct purposes. On the one hand, the concert that N'Dour et Cie repeat and prepare along the way and they deliver in the courtyard of the slave fort Goree. The other end occurs when the Harmone Harmony sing the spiritual "Return to Glory" at the entrance to the slave fort, which overlooks the sea. It's very moving, although it's hard to believe that the performance is as spontaneous as it seems. <br /> <br /> It's a movie that has flaws. Not clear of the story he is trying to tell and shot in different directions. Irritating, confusing, beautiful and emotional in turn. Watch her (listen to her) for music and feelings, but do not wait for enlightenment or intellectual rigor.
