I loved "The Curse of Frankenstein" so much that I rushed to ask "Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed" to see Cushing again ... even if it was without Chistopher Lee this time. To my disappointment, this movie is not only about Lee, but also about Frankenstein's monster! Was this a case of "If we can not get Lee, we will not have a monster at all"? Why would they do this? The monster is half the pleasure of everything! This film is devoted solely to the study of Baron Frankenstein and his quest for experiments that he had begun as part of a brain transplant before ending up in an asylum. I found the scenario extremely weak, with the need to suspend incredulity a little too imposed on the public. I am willing to suspend a reasonable amount, but this film has become quite ridiculous, which made me leave the film rather than immerse myself in it. <br /> <br /> Peter Cushing, however, is absolutely brilliant and plays hard in this movie. To be one of the most beloved actors and notoriously gentle men, he could play extremely well in a threatening and malicious way. The actors are competent, but have little to do, even the young doctor and his fiancee have blackmailed to help Frankenstein. A boiling police chief is presented, with his sidekick put forth, to generate comic relief, then they are completely removed from the film! Why? We are led to believe that the chief of police will be the main enemy of the baron, then to believe that it will be the young doctor, and that it will be the victim of the experience of Frankenstein in brain transplantation. There was no tension, we were not invested in the "creature" and the end was so ambiguous that it left someone dissatisfied because it was so obvious that they were creating another after. <br /> <br /> there are hardly any "horror" elements. Yes, there is a decapitation at the beginning (off camera), and we are treated with the sound of Cushing cutting the skull of two men (again, off camera), and there is the scene of rape most disturbing and the most useless (of which 90% is, again, off camera). I understand that there is a love of "letting the public imagine all this because its imagination is much worse than what we can show", but come on, if you do not want to give us a monster, then let us at least SEE the few "horrible" items you choose to include. Showing us a skeleton in the lab lit by a green light is not scary. <br /> <br /> In addition to a weak scenario, I thought that the staging was rather flat. There were some nice pictures, but otherwise, no excitement, atmosphere or suspense was generated. The same director did "Curse" in 1958 and I thought it was brilliantly done ... guess he was as uninspired by this film as I was. <br /> <br /> The film gets a 4 out of 10 from me strictly for the powerful nuanced performance of Peter Cushing ... beyond that, I found few things in this film that are worth it to be recommended. Instead, my suggestion is to watch "The Curse of Frankenstein" and see a really awesome horror movie in Hammer.
