Even in 1942, the shooting conditions of the configuration presented by HER CARDBOARD LOVER were extremely dated. The machinations of one half of a couple (husband / wife, former husband / ex-wife) to recover the other under the threat of marriage with another, divorce or possible separation by jealousy, Humiliation or other diets had been done much better in classics such as HIS GIRL Friday and THE PHILADELPHIA STORY. These two films feature women with a strong and indomitable screen presence and who have played independent proto-feminist characters. In both films, the two women were separated / divorced from their first (spiritual) husband and were going to marry colorless men who were exactly the opposite, and both would be forced to reject their future husband and rekindle their passion for mutually. <br /> <br /> The plot of HER CARDBOARD LOVER changes: here, it's Norma Shearer who plays the role of Cary Grant, this time to conjure an old boyfriend (George Sanders) in the middle to hire Robert Taylor to play his gigolo. The problem is that Shearer is far too old to play a role more suited to an actress in her twenties; Sanders is about as involved as a piece of furniture for the greatest number - any man who would like his fiancee, seeing a strange man come out of his bathroom as it happens here, would extinguish the light from him and cause a scene huge. Not here. And Robert Taylor plays his role as if he were trying to channel Cary Grant half the time, not in inflections of speech, but in essence. <br /> <br /> But the worst thing is Shearer herself. For an actress accustomed to playing roles that gave her a sense of intellectual sex appeal and dramatic presence, play Consuelo Craydon seems to put it in the grip of a complete overbid, excessive emotion and excessive gestures that, while being part of his style. to play and more appropriate ten years earlier, makes her look like an extremely mannered performer pulling the joke of a situation like the water of a fairly dry sponge. This only fuels the fires that tell the theory that gives Irving Thalberg the creator of his career and the choice of his roles (most); why she has played roles such as Charlotte Vale and Mrs. Miniver on mega-hits NOW VOYAGER and MRS. MINIVER is a mystery, but again, most of the reports also indicate that at that time she was exhausted, that she had lost interest in everything and that she was not secret to anyone who has ever experienced this kind of thing. has essentially lost concentration and can not wait for retirement or the end of a contract is about to leave as soon as possible. Such could be the case here. She seems lost, she seems tired, she seems uncomfortable, switching to autopilot instead of living the game. After this movie, she would not do anything more, but would be responsible for the discovery of Janet Leigh, who would become a movie star in the late '40s and' 60s.
