I could not understand this movie most of the time, and no one else could, based on other reviews. The opening scene of this film has virtually nothing to do with the rest of the story. In this one, a photojournalist with a big mustache cancels his vacation to get away from his girlfriend. He is responsible for photographing a mountain range. Rumor has it that he would be haunted, but I can not say if he heard about it from his boss or later in the film. Along the way, he meets a beautiful writer (Patty Shepard) and convinces her to join him on his work trip. Throughout the film, there is this terrible score, composed mainly of loud songs that make you want to shout "SHUT UP ALREADY !!!" What really irritates a person is that the film always seems about to be good, although it never does. There are beautiful mountain landscapes and a really scary atmosphere. The inn and the old silent and abandoned buildings scattered on the mountain are rather disturbing. Misty nights seem real, not like putting an artificial fog machine on the board. And the idea, although not original, had potential. But that never improves, at least not enough to be worth it. Here's how it goes, more or less. They stop at this inn run by a strange innkeeper (you expect him to be called Igor) and who has a hearing problem. There is a scene where the writer thinks there is a voyeur in her window, but the scene is so dark that I did not know at all what was going on. Whether poor lighting or poor film transfer is unknown to me. In any case, we never know what happened. There is a scene where she goes astray during the night. Whether sleepwalkers or hypnotized by the witches of the title is never explained. Another scene that has never been explained is the one where their car is stolen, then found without stealing anything. They end up in this seemingly abandoned mountain village whose only inhabitant is this old woman. There are other things, including a wild man chained in a cave that is never explained, an attempt to sacrifice the writer in one way or another (will they kill or wash him brain to join them?), The witches themselves, a group of brown women in white dresses who do not show up until the last 15 minutes of the film and whose practices and beliefs are never explained. Even the closing scene makes no sense. In the end, most people will say, "Huh?"
