To say that this film is extremely difficult to follow and just as frustrating to attend a session is a euphemism. To say also that the current print is dark, sad, scratched, edited abysmally, doubled painfully, apparently censored and in an almost unassailable form is also correct. This film badly needs a complete overhaul of the complete and original negative and, considering how reasonably atmospheric it is (and won a director's award at the Catalan Film Festival), it could be worth it. Again, maybe not ... It's simply impossible to tell in its current state what kind of film it is. It starts off pretty interesting, if you can get rid of the totally crazy opening sequence of pre-credits, which involves a deranged little girl who kills cats and likes snakes, named Gerda. The girl's mother, Carla (Mónica Randall, who should have dislodged the eyeliner a bit), pours gasoline into the garage and turns on the brat. Apparently as crazy as the young Gerda, she will visit her boyfriend photographer (ex?), Mario ("John" / Cihangir Caffari). He is on vacation from his job, but he is so desperate to get away from Carla that he begs his employers to entrust him with a mission ... any mission. She frowns, "You'll be sorry!" as he goes to the door. Well, Mario is responsible for photographing "Witches Mountain" (somewhere in the Pyrenees, I believe). Before arriving at his destination, he sees a hottie named Delia (Patty Shepard) on the beach and takes some pictures of her removing her swimsuit top. Slightly pained, she claims to be a single writer, the two flirt, then decide that it would be a great idea if they went together for the trip to the mountain. When they stop at her house so that she can pack her bags, Mario suddenly hears a loud and sinister music. Delia says that he only hears things. <br /> <br /> The two men begin their journey in the mountains stopping at a local inn to spend the night. There, they meet a strange innkeeper, partially deaf, with crazy eyes (Victor Israel) and Delia says that someone was spying here through his window. The next day, in a trance, she walks up the mountain and is finally located by Mario, who leaves his jeep and pursues. As he discovers what is happening, someone steals their wheels and forces them to walk, eventually discovering the intact jeep at the foot of a small village that seems abandoned ... almost as if someone were trying to lure them intentionally. The. Well, as we'll see, that's exactly what happened. In the village, they meet a friendly old woman named Zanta (Ana Farra) who claims to be the only person to live there and let them live at home. Mario takes pictures of the "abandoned" city and, when he develops them, they are strangely full of people. A little scared, he and Delia start to leave and get stuck in a "traitor" fog and have to park and camp for the night. The rest of the film has to do with voodoo dolls, black cats turning into sexy women, satanic rituals performed by ladies in their bras and a fatal fall of a cliff. And yes, by coincidence, Carla the separated wife is one of the witches too. Everything happens in the dark and to be quite honest, I did not know what was happening most of the time. The inconclusive "open" end is just another slap for those who have to suffer the rest of this crazy mess. <br /> <br /> Honestly, there are just a few things that characterize me as being very good. The first is the actress Shepard, who has this great dark and mysterious beauty of Barbara Steele. There is also an excellent score (attributed to Fernando Garcia Morcillo) and songs, which have helped enormously to make this film as atmospheric as it is. The localization job is pretty decent, but as I said, the print is as ugly as possible and it makes no sense, so proceed with caution.
