In Europe, it's called Who Dares Wins; In America, it's known as The Final Option, but under any title, this ridiculous action movie from SAS asks the public to put their disbelief aside for about two hours. I find it incredibly difficult to understand how Lewis Collins (the hero here) was almost chosen to succeed Roger Moore in Bond movies ... This guy is so inexpressive that he would have a hard time finding a job in a museum Fortunately, Judy Davis is about to partially redeem the affair with a fleshy performance as an uncompromising terrorist, and there is a dramatic ten-minute action sequence that is perfectly orchestrated by the director Ian Sharp. Let's add that it is a very, very, very long wait for these closing excitations, and I can not honestly say that waiting nearly two hours for a little decent action was worth it. <br /> <br /> The tough man of SAS Peter Skellen (Lewis Collins) is involved in a group of pacifist protesters eager to see the end of the building up of nuclear weapons stocks. He meets their leader Frankie (Judy Davis), a strong and opinionated woman who may be able to take extraordinary steps to achieve her goals. Frankie's dedicated group violently besieged the US embassy in London, demanding that a nuclear missile be fired at a naval base in Scotland (she thinks that when the world witnesses a nuclear explosion, everyone will be so appalled by the join campaign for disarmament). Unfortunately for Frankie, she makes the mistake of taking Skellen during her little raid at the embassy. He plans to thwart their plan with timely outside help from his fellow SAS. <br /> <br /> The film is inspired - of course - by SAS's impressive assault on the Iranian embassy in 1981. Someone who saw this event on the news apparently thought it would be good to design a film in the same direction. Unfortunately, the film is rather banal, with too many stupid dialogs and a lot of embarrassing scenes (the debate of the archbishop who turns into a riot, you're tempted?). Frankie's idea of ​​bringing peace to a nuclear explosion is ridiculous anyway, so she becomes a laughable figure at a time when the public is about to consider her as an interesting villain. Who Dares Wins wants to be a celebration of the military legend that is the SAS, but at the same time he plunges into clumsy action shots and ill-conceived plots. The result is a slice of the well-intentioned but totally ineffective Boy's Own absurdity.
