So, this film has been hailed, glorified and raised to incredible heights. But in the end what is it really? Many ways it has been designed to work in front of an on-screen audience do not work. The rather academic photographic work keeps the signature obscure, and ASL scenes are hard to follow, even for a person who speaks relatively well. The vocal interpretation of Matlin's dialogue, under the pretext that Hurt's character "likes the sound of his voice", turns it more and more into a strange and distant object over the course of the film. Matlin shines in the few scenes where his signature is not partially hidden. But nevertheless, most of the film, when it comes to a love story, is shown only from one point of view, that of the man. As Ebert said, "If a story is about the battle of two people on a common ground that they are going to communicate with, it's not fair to do all the film on the condition of just one of them." <br /> <br /> The idea that an oralist teacher who uses methods that have been imposed in many deaf schools for decades to be presented as "revolutionary" is quite insulting in itself. His character weakens as a credible teacher over the course of the film. Honestly, shooting a comedy with a dull accent is rather weak. And his attitude towards the students in his class is quite symptomatic of how he seems to be working with women: as a man in his own right. A festive scene featuring a number of deaf people, including some academics together, leaves him seemingly isolated, in a way that contradicts his references: I have seen performers spontaneously switch between themselves they did not know. Deaf person in the area and yet he still feels like a fish out of the water in an environment to which his education should have made him perfectly accustomed. As a lover, he looks like a typical, typical stubborn guy, including his tendency to be possessive afterwards. And yet, the film is really only seen by him, all that his lover says is filtered through his voice. <br /> <br /> The scenes depicting other deaf children are, in general, wallbangers. The broken symbolism fails, the dance scene, the billiard scene, even the initial sleep scene supposed to be part of it - all these scenes that attempt to hint at the isolation of the main deaf character are broken metaphors, at best : to hear a lot of people I know dancing about the seriousness that deaf people feel (instead of squirming like mated chihuahuas), and going diving for a hearing person is rarely an excuse to make a profound statement about Deafness isolation seriously, when I go swimming, I will swim) ... <br /> <br /> He also fails to wear the end of the room, which makes it rather the story of a deaf woman who submits to a strong man. Even if the original piece ended on a more equal ground, where the two must accept each other as they are and where he must finally recognize his true voice, it is the movements of his hands and not the vibrations in his throat. <BR/> <br /> And despite all the breakthrough that it may have seemed, Marlee Matlin remains the symbolic deaf woman of Hollywood to date.
