Most of us, especially the guys, admire populist food belonging to "real men" of small working-class cities. And Sean Penn serves it with a cherry on the cake. Hey, a lot of people use Penn as a political whip, but I do not classify movies or actors / directors based on politics or personality. That's what right-wing commentators do, like Debbie Schlussel, a critic of excretable films. While recognizing that he is one of our best actors and a good director, I think this picture is a shameless simplistic piece that he has since redeemed. <br /> <br /> Okay, you have most of that, there's this good cop, a small town soldier, Joe, played by David Morse, who, in the opening scene, continues a guy on a country road big cars of the sixties. The villain stops, goes out, shoots him, so Joe has to kill him. There was no explanation as to why this man was doing something so violent and desperate, and the deceased's parents started to panic at the police station while Joe felt really sad and guilty of killing someone. a. So we know that Joe, the farmer who was forced to give up his land to police work, is a good basic guy. Then his brother Frank introduces himself, he is a sadistic and amoral tyrant, who has just left the army and Nam where the war made him want to drink blood. Some people here and in other magazines just called him an irresponsible hell in the awakening of his younger brother and Sean was trying to make a point about the culture and the war of our tough guy John Wayne at other people well, but what I saw was an amoral tyrant who likes to hurt and scam people. Then there are the parents, Marsha Mason and Charles Bronson, who make the required turn as an old-fashioned peasant couple, then die; she by illness and he by suicide by rifle, to advance the story for us. Both times, Frank the villain is far from a miserable SOB. But the good Joe brings him back from prison in Podunksville so that Frank can prepare himself a healthy life by bridging bridges and living with his pregnant wife completely stupid and screaming. But Joe has a beautiful woman, played by Italian actress Valeria Golina, who is Mexican. Sean uses it as an exercise in an affirmative action showcasing Goody Joe and his true soul under his uniform and cut. For me, it was an absolutely useless sub-parcel of affirmative action that Sean uses to improve his tough-to-cook behavior by sucking on Mexicans because Mexicans are so tough and cool. <br /> <br /> But Frank is bad and we get the necessary events like stealing a friend's car, stealing a gas station by hitting the clerk on the head, then burning the car and all those things cool things that hellfeeders do. There is also the obligatory childhood flashbacks of an 8 mm film of young Joey who is conscientiously moving the lawn and dressed cowboy, Franky, who jumps on his back and fights with him and yadda yadda, so we we all know what a deep connection exists between them. <br /> The movie winds so with many small towns to warm the heart of any red stater. The film was accompanied by a soundtrack of good 60s songs, such as Jefferson Airplane and Janis Joplin, totally inappropriate, with the exception of the effect of the 60s era, to conquer the hearts of old hippies . The worst offense is that, since the film was inspired by a Springsteen song, "The Highway Patrolman", this song was not included. <br /> <br /> Thus, the woman who died of her brain goes to work and Joe goes to the bar to get fucked and launches a populist episode of the victim drunk on the harshness of the situation while the good Joey bring him back to his wife's house. The bartender is good Ole Ceasar, played by Dennis Hopper. So, Viggo - Frank shits for no particular reason and beats his friend Ceasar to death after the departure of Joe, the boyfriend. <br /> <br /> Joe pursued his bad brother and I hoped so much he would do the right thing and eliminate this threat to society. Instead, we see a scene where his brother stops in front of him in an old man in his fifties on a secluded road at night, and little Franky dressed in his cowboy costume and his caps pulls out of the car to deal with the good Joe, the 8-mm flashback kid movie sequence at home. Oy, such mess! Finally, to crown this feast of drecky sap, there is zen bullshit about the Indian runner, who is a messenger, becomes the message, like Marshall MacLuhen? See what I mean, Sean has done a lot better than that, so do not be afraid to miss him.
