If memory serves, when it came out, it looked like a comedy - a fun look at the adult entertainment industry. If that's what it's supposed to be, it does not really work. It's just not so funny. Putting aside this pretty significant failure (since it's called a comedy!), As I have no personal knowledge of the subject, I will avoid commenting on the authenticity of the story - which deals with this is going on behind the scenes of a Toronto massage parlor, except to say - if that's true - life is pretty boring. <br /> <br /> For over an hour, this movie did not bring us much except a basic knowledge of the main characters. Conrad is the new hired director of the massage parlor, whose fundamental work apparently consists in ensuring that girls do not provide a "full service" - a euphemism for real sex. As for the girls themselves, Betty's goal is to buy a salon to run her own business. Cindy is a clandestine immigrant in Canada who works to support her family and Leah is - well, Leah is a bit strange. , indefinite character with a nipple fetish - that's right - who seems to be in the business because - well, because she is there! I do not know who his character was. These three composite characters are perhaps quite reasonable and faithfully represent the motivations of the women involved in this case. <br /> <br /> The film winds and does not offer much until "the twist" reveals that Conrad is the bad guy. We should have arrived at this point earlier. The only really interesting thing here was this part of the story - Conrad's secret plan and revenge planned against him by the girls. This revenge plan was very good and you are grateful when you publish it because you are essentially wondering why you lost your time with it. If the story was more about revenge, it might be a pretty funny movie. <br /> <br /> The performances of the four main characters were all acceptable, although I did not think anyone would have been so remarkable. The four characters were a bit superficial. Cindy was a nice character, as was Conrad for a while, though he turned out to be the villain of the movie. Given the subject, there is surprisingly little nudity (and what is limited to a scene.) In fact, there is even a certain air of innocence around a lot of that. Regarding the overall quality of the film, this is a low-budget effort, which testifies, although you expect some disappointment, I suppose, from a movie taking place in the context of a body massage parlor, so it's unacceptable. This certainly says something, however, that it was published 8 years ago now and is still the only credit on the resume of author-director Soo Lyu and - given the usual lack of depth in the Canadian film industry - that he was not even considered worthy of being nominated for a Genie Award - the Canadian version of the Oscars. 4/10 - and I'm a little generous with that.
