WARNING: This notice contains SPOILERS. Do not read if you do not want certain points to be revealed before watching the movie. <br /> <br /> With a cast like this, you wonder if the actors and actresses knew exactly what they were embarking on. . Did they see the script and say, "Hey, the close encounters of the third type have been so successful that this one can not fail." Unfortunately, this is the case. Have they even thought of checking the director's references? I mean, would you make a movie with the director of the movie "Satan's Cheerleaders"? Greydon Clark, who will later lead the infamous "Final Justice", wrote this. You wonder how the people of Mystery Science Theater 3000 could pound Final Justice and completely miss The Return. <br /> <br /> The film takes place in a small town in New Mexico. A boy and a girl are in the street unattended one night, when a powerful flashlight emits a light beam. A spaceship appears and hovers over them. In probably the film's worst sequence of special effects, the ship spits some sort of red ink on it. It looked as if Clark had held a beaker of water in the camera lens and plunged his fleeing pen into it, so you were immediately treated with cheese. Anyway, the boat is leaving and the adults do not believe the children. Elsewhere, we see Vincent Schiavelli, whom I find to be a formidable actor (look at his scenes in "Ghost" for proof, as they are exceptional), who plays a prospector, or as I called him Miner 1949er. He leaves the cave in which he is and his boat and his dog are inked by the boat. Twenty-five years have passed and this girl has become Cybill Shepherd, who works with her father, Raymond Burr, to study unusual weather events. Or something like that. Shepherd spots strange phenomena on satellite images over this small town in New Mexico, and goes there to research. Once on site, local farmers harass and blame her for the many livestock mutilations that occur and MP Jan-Michael Vincent comes to her rescue. From then on, the film really slips, the two quickly falling for each other, especially after Vincent moved away from the local population and informs Shepherd that he was the little boy who had seen the ship with her twenty-five years ago. Meanwhile, Vincent Schiavelli, with his deadly dog ​​at his side, walks around killing the cattle and all the people he meets with an unusual object. Do you know that these glowing plastic sticks stores are selling on Halloween, like the ones you shake to make them shine? Schiavelli uses what looks like one of these glow sticks to burn incisions in people. This is the second worst effect in the film. Whenever Schiavelli is on the screen with the light stick, the mood of the stage suddenly becomes dark, as if the filmmakers thought that the light stick needed this improvement. The film ends up looking even cheaper. <br /> <br /> And what does all this lead to? It's hard to tell when the last confusing scene arrives. You see, Burr and his team of scientists are trying to explain the satellite images that Shepherd has found as a sort of "business card", but none of this makes sense. Why do not Shepherd and Vincent grow old with Schiavelli? Schiavelli explains why he kills cattle and people and why he wants Shepherd's death, but even that does not make much sense when you really think about it. I mean, why does not he kill Jan-Michael Vincent? After all, he was twenty-five years old to do it. And the extraterrestrials will not need him if Shepherd is dead anyway, so why try to kill her? Speaking of extraterrestrials, it's never clear what they really wanted from Shepherd and Vincent. What's their point? Why are they waiting so long to intervene? How could they be so sure that Shepherd would come back? This does not mean that the answer to these and other questions would have made the return more enjoyable. You would always have bad lines, very bad acting, especially Shepherd, cheese effects and bad direction. Fortunately, the stars escaped from this film. Cybill Shepherd soon played in "Moonlighting" with Bruce Willis. Jan-Michael Vincent then appeared in dozens of B-series films, often in exorbitant roles. Raymond Burr made a stack of Perry Mason TV movies until his death. Vincent Schiavelli then became a major player in many films. Martin Landau, who played a crazy policeman, quickly realized the fantastic "Alone in the Dark" and the terrible "The Being" before embarking on the movies for which he is famous recently. You can bet that none of these stars will ever want their career back in "The Return". Zantara score: 2 out of 10
