I am a big fan of Lucio Fulci; many of his Giallo and Splatter films are part of my all-time favorites, but this TV movie is extremely mediocre and not what I expect from the great Italian director. The film is not interesting, like some of Giulo de Fulci's more fictional films, nor bloody like most of his cult classics; leaving it thus insufficient in the two main areas and ultimately ensuring that the film is not very good. The film works from a plot that has been used many times before, but it's still an idea that always has the chance to bring out an interesting story just because it focuses on the theme of the beyond, the ultimate unknown. This film focuses on Giorgio Mainardi; a man who is not very appreciated and who dies after gastric bleeding, there are not many people who are sad to see him leave. It means that his ghost is stuck somewhere between life and the afterlife. So he decides to try to shed light on his death and his only ally in this venture is his daughter. <br /> <br /> The video I saw this movie is proudly proclaimed that the movie is "in the style of HP Lovecraft", and that this is one of the most egregious attempts to sell a movie that I've never seen. In this story, nothing reminiscent of the great horror writer, and the reason for this slogan seems to be due to the similarity of the title with the film Stuart Gordon / Lovecraft, "From Beyond" - which is much better. The film has a typical Italian style and the score is pretty good. Unfortunately, however, Fulci saw fit to roast each scene in a positive way - and the theme quickly became annoying. The plot is very boring and most scenes simply involve the ghost who "desperately" looking for things or the girl who suspects her family members. This film was made for Italian television and so it is not surprising that it is rather tamed. There is a bit of gore and a nightmare sequence with zombies; but it is not Fulci that we all know and love. Overall, this film is extremely mediocre and does not represent the talents of Fulci well. It's not worth bothering with unless you're a Fulci Completist.
