Now, I am a lover of the kind of film B myself, but this piece of trash insults me endlessly. First, the movie features Lizzy McGuire's brother in the role of the annoying little kid who is looking for his lost dog on all fours. Now, please, what kind of mute donkey takes a three-legged dog for a mutated crocodile god, please, I ask you? And here is another point to ponder: why do we show the Dinocroc on the back of the film box as being huge and actually in the water? I think, if I remember correctly, the thing spent about 2.6 minutes in the water and was only 6 feet tall, it was a heart breaker. But the qualities that buy this film are that it is so terrible that I almost died laughing because believe me, the bad game of the actors made me wish death. But the fact remains that this thing is once again created by another military test site to train super crocodiles in military combat or something of the kind at the source of all that is wrong, E.V.I.L Corporation. And let's not forget the characters see that we jerked No. 1 as the first male role and that halfway decent piss (who does not know how to act) as the main female to whom I say WOW! The only thing worse than the act was the end of the journey that the heroes devoted to what seems to be 2 hours to talk and plan a long and elaborate way to kill the dinocroc before failing it and killing it. an ordinary way that could have taken about 15 minutes. seconds to come with. Overall, this film was beyond gaiety with its random opera music and the fact that it was probably the happiest of all CGI monsters ever created, in addition to the fact that it was well sure safe from bullets and bombs (otherwise it would not be the case ... were made for the military DUH!). From afar, the best scene was when Lizzy McGuire's brother hit the cabin and the dinocroc eats it, giving her a very definite impulse. I think you'd better shoot yourself in the head than look at Dinocroc. And as far as the director is concerned, I think we should hang him by a noose and all of them hit him in the crotch for a whole hour and a half of our life until we he dies finally and I can continue. living.
