"Plan B" is strictly price, except for one thing. I found it surprisingly quite insulting. <br /> <br /> Jon Cryer is the "star" of this film and plays his usual, wacky, selfish and arrogant character who was actually endearing in "Pretty In Pink". NOT been fun since. Grating does not even begin to describe his performance. Ricky (Mark Matheisen) is a muscular, blond, troubled actor who (panting!) Cares only about his hair and fucking. You talk about a stock character ... uh. At least the other three characters are rather attractive. Lisa Darr and Lance Guest play a supportive, optimistic and caring couple who have trouble conceiving. Since they are not queens of sneaky drama, their roles are apparently considered boring and they are not given enough time on the screen. Sara Mornell completes the casting by playing Gina, your beautiful and beautiful young lady, who seems unable to find the right partner in love. I have seen this character millions of times before, but at least his performance overcomes some of the shortcomings caused by the predictability of his situation. <br /> <br /> What surprised me in this film is its juvenile promotion of stereotypes. They introduced a Russian character for the sole purpose of making fun of him and making fun of the way he spoke. He has been portrayed as wild, ignorant and incredibly shallow. They were just warming up for the usual nonsense about gays. Gina decides to be gay for a while since she is out of luck with the guys. Honestly. It was not that bad except that they really went overboard when Gina brought a lesbian to a Christmas party that her friends were organizing. Her lesbian dating had very short hair (like all lesbians, I'm sure). She was also pissed (like all lesbians, I'm sure) when Gina had the nerve to put lipstick (!). Finally, her date goes around the party, attracting all the women present and moaning when Gina expresses her disappointment. Of course, we all know that homosexuals can not stay faithful for less than two months or even years, right? (Please note the sarcasm in this statement, thank you.) <br /> <br /> This film was based on a tired and predictable principle, but Cryer's inimitable performance, combined with idiotic stereotypes, shatters this film in the depths inferior cinema. 2/10
