Imagine that by adapting a James Bond novel in a film, the filmmakers have eliminated all the action and suspense to make it child-friendly. Or if a television producer told Chris Rock that he could not speak for his specials to be PG rated. Similarly, the director of the movie "Something Wicked This Way Comes" has released excitement and gore in favor of melodrama for a younger audience. This created a monotonous plot without the complications of the book. In trying to make easier the story of "Something naughty, this way come" for children, the filmmakers have eliminated the theme of good and evil that existed in everyone and always prevailed over evil. This is evident in the transformation of Will's character, Jim Halloway's rescue of Jim, and the defeat of Carnival. <br /> <br /> Will's transformation into a more adventurous boy was toned down in the film. The scene in which the dust witch visits Will's balloon home has been cut off from the movie. Instead, a green mist follows Jim and Will to their home and gives them the same bad dream about the Witch and her spiders. The attack of the balloon shows us that Will has begun to overcome his fear of doing things on his own. He climbs to the roof of a neighbor and rips the ball with a bow to defeat the witch. "Sorry, Daddy," he thought, and sat up smiling, "this time it's me outside, alone," Will decides as he prepares to face her (147.) Removing this film scene prevents us from understanding that Will is becoming more adventurous. The film shows us many examples of fearful will to follow Jim, but never becoming as curious as his friend. In the book, Will has both a good calm side and a bold "diabolical" side like his Jim. In the film, each boy has only one way of thinking, which destroys Bradbury's theme that good and evil are present in every person. <br /> <br /> In the book, Will saves Jim because of their friendship, but in the movie, Charles Halloway rescues Jim to repay Jim's father. Will pull Jim out of Bradbury's novel carousel because he does not want his best friend to grow up without him. That's good in Will, the fact that he cares about his friend, who saves Jim from the carnival curse. On the carousel, Jim "made a free hand gesture to drag in the wind, a part of him, the little white and separate part that still recalled their friendship" (269). This shows that there was in there to Jim's inside, which has the potential to conquer evil again. But when Charles Halloway saves Jim in the movie, he does it to pay off the debt he owes to Jim's father, who saved Will when he was little. By changing the motivation to save Jim, the filmmakers have ruined Bradbury's original idea that it takes good to defeat evil. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, the carnival is defeated by a tornado and lightning instead of smiles and laughter. When the book ends, Mr. Dark turns into a little boy and Charles Halloway smiles and makes fun of him so much that he can not bear it anymore and evaporates. In the world of Bradbury, the evil people feed on fear and can only be conquered by happiness and love. His message is that good will always prevail over evil, but only if that good is expressed externally. "Good to bad looks bad," said Charles Halloway, holding the dying Mr. Dark. "Then I'll do you only good, Jed, I'll hold you in your arms and I'll watch you poison yourself" dies. By eliminating the weapons of laughter and a smile, filmmakers imply that bad weather is the most effective way of overcoming evil, as if lightning struck only those who are bad. This removes the main theme of Bradbury's book, that doing "good" to others protects evil. <br /> <br /> Good can always triumph over evil, but trying to make films more child-friendly will always force filmmakers to leave out some of the themes of the books they are based on. In the movie, "Something nasty this way comes", Will will not change, his friendship will not save Jim, and smiles and laughter will not win the carnival. As a result, filmmakers have left too many of Bradbury's key points aside. The process of adapting a book to a film too often ruins the world established by the author. In the case of this story, the scary world of Bradbury, opposing forces of good and evil, has been reduced to a more tame version of himself.
