Before you start, you must know that I am a big fan of many Sonny Chiba movies. His biographical series on the life of his master, Mas Oyama, are amazing and are among the best martial arts movies ever made, as are most of his Street Fighter movies. The action was practically continuous and with the possible exception of Bruce Lee (depending on who you ask), he was the greatest martial arts practitioner filmed in the 1970s. Because they are so good, I saw at least 15 of his films and recently bought them (which I am looking at). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, despite my love for these films, I'm NOT a numb zombie who venerates the man to such an extent that I evaluate EVERY movie at 10. There are some critics like this- Here on IMDb and I really think that anyone who gives this film a 10 should be ignored, because it is such a film from a technical point of view and that is not even close to the best work of Chiba. A score of 10 is not a real note - it's a zombie fan trying to make a statement about Chiba, not this movie! As I said, technically, this film is awful. Part of this is the result of my vision of the dubbed American version, with its irrelevant prologue and bad dubbing. But most of the problem would persist with the original Japanese print. The work of the camera is simply awful - as has been done with chimpanzees (smart chimpanzees, but chimpanzees). Often, much of the action of the fast martial arts is missed because of the slowness of the camera or the fact that the heads of the actors are cut off because of the mediocrity of the production. And, again and again, the camera moves back and forth as if it were a new toy used by an idiot, in addition to editing is more than miserable - with random cuts and in a confused way. <br /> <br /> I do not do it. I do not know if the score is original or not - but it was also very, very bad. A kind of acid rock from 1970 badly mixed with the music "Spaghetti Western" Ennio Morricone - it was boring, distracting and just silly. <br /> <br /> As far as martial arts action is concerned, I think chimpanzees choreographed things a little better. Instead of fighting scenes that you look forward to in a Chiba movie, the fights are too brief and often missed by the camera! So, you only have the story left ... and this MAY be the worst part of the movie! It's supposed to be an anti-drug film starring Sonny Chiba in the role of .... Sonny Chiba! And when the movie starts, he swears to destroy drug trafficking in Japan. But, the mafia (with not a single member who looks Italian, but who are all Japanese) agrees to stop Chiba. And when a lady arrives in Chiba with the promise to give her information about how to destroy drug trafficking, he agrees to help her and risk her life unconditionally - even if she is NEVER direct from tell him what she knows! In fact, later, it turns out that she is simply trying to use Chiba to protect her as she sells herself a huge briefcase full of cocaine - and he CONTINUES trying to protect her !! It does not make any sense, and for most of the film it looks like they just shot the movie without script - like when they went into bars and brothels and Chiba was walking around like he was drunk. <BR /> <br /> If it was so bad, why does it still deserve a 3? First, there are many more horrendous marital arts movies (such as those of Hong Kong in the 1970s), including one with guys dressed in gorilla costumes practicing kung fu and their masters with 3 languages. feet long that they used to fight (now it's bad). Secondly, even if the action is very bad compared to other films of Sonny Chiba, compared to his contemporaries, it is not so bad. Nevertheless, you could easily do a lot better than this horrible little movie. <br /> <br /> By the way, if you're wondering if this is Sonny Chiba's worst movie, this is definitely not the case! In one of his first films, INVASION OF THE NEPTUNE MEN, Chiba plays a superhero dressed in undershorts that fights the sharp invaders at the head of the planet Neptune. It's so terrible that it rivals PLAN 9 FROM EXTRA SPACE and has saved Hitler's brain for horror. <br /> <br /> A final word to parents - Like most of Sonny Chiba's films, this one is very violent and has his share of crazy people. DO NOT let little children see this, no matter how much they beg! Let them wait until they are older before letting them watch R-rated martial arts R rated movies!
