It's easily one of the worst martial arts movies I've ever seen, and that says a lot. The song of the viva Chiba, the viva Chiba is heard under the title, you will soon recite you stupid, stupid. The basic story is that the mafia carries drugs to Japan and that one of them uses vowels to stop them, of course, it's our man Sonny Chiba. The karate master offers his services to anyone who can provide information about drug traffickers. A woman steps forward and he becomes the bodyguard, but what are his true intentions? Let me say at this point who cares? Soon, we are treated or tortured by a series of poorly choreographed battles and a lame scenario that becomes more and more laughable every moment. Sonny ends up eliminating the bad guys with his karate skills, end of the story. Oh yes, the woman was also corrupt. Congratulations, you may have just watched the funniest movie ever recorded. <br /> <br /> As I said before, this is one of the worst martial arts movies I have ever seen. What makes it almost observable is to see how badly a film can be made. Some have already mentioned the infamous American intro set in the movie. It's probably the most entertaining part of the movie and it's a lot more fun. I agree that it is worth watching to see how badly the 1970s karate scene was at that time. Observe Aaron Banks let a guy hang in his turn, then spill a big student (bad assembly) by hitting him in the throat. But everything is badly done in this film. Terrible, unbelievable fights, I mean fake blood, bad actor, dubbing, wardrobe, and let's not forget the story. A man to solve a whole problem of drugs in a country? I bet. Combat after combat, it's laughable. It was in the 70s when people still thought that karate was effective in a fight, but Chiba brought it to a higher level with some of the nonsense set out in this film. Let's see that he hits a rifle in two, hits a guy so hard that it looks like his prostheses are falling and, of course, cuts the bottle, give me a break. Not to mention the fact that it is very difficult to say what happens in the fighting because it is filmed so badly. Part of what was fun was when he broke the guy's arm through the door giving him a split fracture. OKAY. As the action continues, we receive blood, really fake blood. To say too much that it looked badly done is an understatement. The acting is totally non-existent in this film. Anyway, I do not expect much of a movie of this caliber as long as the action is good, but it was not the case and as expected, the dubbing is extremely mediocre. Was it my imagination or did they call the Asian go-go dancer with a black accent? As you would expect in a 70s wardrobe, you will be angry at some of the trends and naughty women being put forward for the free nudity that accompanies these movies. Also, why would the mafia be so obvious and where all the coats and black hats are all the time? Do not try to hide it now. The characters were so stupid. The owner of the pimps club, one wearing a Japanese costume and the other with a boring head, looks like a big hippie. One last thing that bothered me throughout the movie was the awful music with a woman hunting the whale. It was very boring. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a terrible film, both in terms of martial arts and a good director. That does not mean it's not fun. With a film so bad, it's hard not to laugh through most of this film, if you can stand it. It was an old favorite watch of my best friend. If it were just bad, I would give a star, but the laughter it gives makes it stronger. 4 out of 10
