Lil Bush is a 30-minute cartoon of two 15-minute episodes on Comedy Central. It takes place in a fictitious and caricatural Washington D.C., and revolves around the satirical and childish representations of George W. Bush, Condoleezza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheyney. Other politicians are also satirized in the same way and act as minor characters. <br /> <br /> The pilot of the little Bush, up to the expectations of this commentator, turned out to be a rather superficial and esoteric production, which hardly keeps his promise in the limelight: a satirical look at the current presidential administration. Although one must admit that the premises of the series have some merit, even if it would be difficult to imagine a series based almost entirely on the denigration of a single political figure would survive to continue producing episodes after the expiration of his term, the execution that can only be described as sloppy at best, and downright terrible at worst, has spoiled the little potential of the show. <br /> <br /> Lil Bush, which can be technically classified as "satire", tends to neglect its concrete use of the particular comedy tool to lambaste its targets in an unusually vulgar (but not particularly original) way fun or funny). The consistently weak writing of the series is often to record only Bush / Cheney jokes heard elsewhere and put them in a 30-minute television block. As such, most of the jokes presented by the writers were shameless clichés, some of which had been in circulation for over 6 years. Compare the Vice President to Darth Vader, for example, may have been funny the first 300 times that we hear him at the Daily Show / Colbert Report / Letterman / Conan O'Brien / Leno's monologue / any show - late evening debate. -but, it's not funny here. As if that were not enough, the intrigues of the series seem to exist simply to advance the same old and boring Bush jokes that writers have placed at the center of the program. <br /> <br /> In defense of the series, when writers dare to write in a truly original joke (which seems to be a rarity), it is often somewhat humorous. If the series were to expand its depth somewhat and place its characters in new situations, exotic situations, rather than the same old mistakes and quagmires perpetuated by the Bush administration, they would not have to back to the same old Bush jokes again, the show could be considered somewhat tolerable, and perhaps even innovative. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, it is difficult to determine which gap caused the most damage to Lil Bush's series; his flagrant lack of originality and his poor writing quality, or his painfully narrow ambitions. It is reasonable to think that Lil Bush will be able to keep a small base of fans left, that is to say if they are able to withstand exceptionally poor writing. as long as the program continues to squander the Bush administration. Even in this case, the majority of viewers will soon recognize the program for what it really is, a weak and needlessly vulgar satire attempt, and will detune in search of something more intellectually stimulating; The price is right, maybe.
