Carnosaurus 3 is bad ... terribly bad. Bad to the point where it's funny. No matter how much I try to convince myself, I simply can not believe that anyone in this world can find this entertaining for serious reasons. I mean, come on, even the cover is bad! OK, the special effects are absolutely ridiculous. These "carnosaurs" are really ridiculous. A scientist tells the soldiers that they move incredibly fast, but when you see them running, they run at the speed of an actor dressed in a rubber suit who tries to run as much as he can. And the explosions are funny (there is no other word to describe it). At first, a bullet hit a jeep AFTER a guy said "What was it?" ... and the other explosions are also laughable. But the worst is the scenario and the so-called story. You do not expect a good story (or, I do not think anyone praising this movie expects a good movie), but at least the story should try to make sense. I mean, how difficult it is to make a story about dinosaurs killing people at least consistent. Incredibly difficult if you look at this. Oh, and if you think it's easy to create credible commandos as your characters, tell the perpetrators of this awful and terrible shit. I mean, what sick human being would make cheap jokes after the death of one of his friends? And they do a lot. And if you think a movie about dinosaurs killing soldiers can not be at least action-packed, WAKE UP !!! This film is incredibly dull. Carnosaurs (who actually invented that lame name?) Attack (in boring action sequences where not much happens). Soldiers think of how to beat them (in incredibly funny scenes where they really try to be serious but do not seem to convince, not even a second). So, then, they attack the carnosaurs, but their idea does not work (another laughable action sequence). Back to planning (with some lame jokes thrown in) in another ridiculous scene. And this continues, and again and again. And let's not forget the acting that is about as convincing as the special effects ... and the story ... Oh, all right, this movie is really bad, from A to Z. <br /> <br />
