Okay, I had more hope for this Carnosaur movie just because it seemed like the suites were getting better as they came out. I liked the Carnosaur 2 better than 1. I thought this one is newer, so it must be better right? Well ... I quickly realized that I was wrong. I was extremely confused with the cast. They brought Rick Dean back to another main character and Michael MacDonald as a police officer. Now, for Rick dean lol, in Carnosaur 2, I thought he was very good at the role and that it did not really bother him. Now, in Carnosaur 3, he's a soldier of choice. Now we are starting to be awkward here. The movie started really well with a fight between weapons and dinos escaping from their small refrigerated trucks, but as soon as the team of Scott Valentines arrived, we had a mix of romantic comedy with very funny performances of dinosaurs lingering and disturbed. I'll start with raptors in the first place, they had tails hanging on the ground, while in the second, they were in the air, which seemed more common for a dinosaur to run up to 50-60 mph. Now, when they ran, they squirmed back and forth and their heads did not move at all. their hands were covered with floppy disks and since they had been badly shot by the director, they looked stupid and out of place. <br /> <br /> The t-rex was extremely pathetic, they would have done better to use one of the 2 previous films. At least this one looked a little scary. That of this film seemed to smile all the time. The legs when he walked were hilarious, as if it was John Wayne in the old west all sliced. LOL Another thing I noticed was that the hands did not move, they were stuck next to his body, so it looked and it sounded (god the sound effects were awful) delayed! Now, if I was the director and realized that I had to work with that, I might try a little more to hide the fake. As for the rest of the movie, well, it was the most shaky and strong military team I've ever seen. The weapons they used would be meaningless for the scenario. They even had a wrestling scene inside the warehouse where the carnosaurs roamed. Now, I was tickled at this scene because I thought that during this stupidity, the Dinos would come in and cause damage. Instead, the director lost about 7 minutes of our time. I would like to watch this movie as the 3 dinosaur movie stooges. You have delayed soldiers, delayed dinosaurs, a delayed scenario and you have 83 wonderful minutes to watch from this day. <br /> <br /> Now, I'm not saying that I would not look at that, in fact I'm recommending everyone to see this film that wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment. Looks like I'm ranting, but I'm really telling this movie to perfection. It's really fun to watch because by looking at it you think, "Did the director really do this seriously?"
