I really do not see the real value of this movie. It's not enough to be hilarious. There is no sludism or free nudity (although there were many possibilities). There is no gore. There is no suspense in the first hour of the film because there are many party scenes where tourists party and where native people play funky tribal music. This last part was actually fun several times: you see these natives hit congas and "jembes" and that's what you hear (poorly synchronized) on the soundtrack. But they also added this funky bass line to the soundtrack. So where was the bassist? At one point, the natives get angry and start killing tourists. Why all of a sudden? This is supposed to be due to the fact that evil white men build this tourist complex which, according to their myth, has angered the god of the alligator river (I actually missed the explanation of it). But the natives helped for months to build the resort, so why this sudden anger? And how on earth did they manage to push the helicopter into the water ??? It's stupid and useless. This film also features the skinniest African-American model I have ever seen. <br /> <br /> At one point, our heroic couple goes to this cave where a strange and crazy old man lives. The only thing about this scene is that they make the "shocking" discovery that the killer-crocodile is actually an alligator. Crocodile or alligator, what's the difference? It's big, it's plastic and it's eating people. All the same for me. The alligator is a rather stupid creation. He is very rigid and immobile and does not even beat his feet when he is swimming. The eyes do not even move when they are shot close up. I guess they did not know the "animatronics" at that time in Italy in 1979. There are also a lot of unnecessary clichés cut off from the local fauna. I guess it's a short film. <br /> <br /> Well, I say, the first hour was pretty lame and the only reason I did not turn off the movie was because my cat was sleeping on my lap and I was not did not do it. I do not want to wake up sweetness. But the last half hour of the movie has improved. We finally see action when the alligator crosses a horde of panicked people who cringe and nibble. The most amusing (and at the same time fun) scene is when Alice and Daniel drive a van over a bridge and it collapses. We are watching a matchbox version of the van that falls into the river here. Funny. But well shot. In fact, there are several other mobile camera movements. Amazingly for this type of movie. I was going to point out some stupid details about the end of the movie, but I do not want to ruin everything, in case you decide to watch this movie. My advice is to stay away. If you want to see a decent movie about alligators, then check out Lewis Teague's ALLIGATOR. I admit that this one is not Italian and is not a JAWS scam, but it's definitely more fun. And if other films by director Sergio Martino interest you, I highly recommend the very entertaining film 2019: AFTER THE FALL OF NEW YORK. This one is a real scam of all post-apocalyptic movies about the future of destiny. "Italians" and "hustlers", two words that go very well together.
