Dennis Hopper is undoubtedly one of the best underrated American actors of our time, and it was interesting to see how he would play his role as a policeman in the case of a child serial killer. Most of the films that Hopper has always threatened with a psychotic threat threatening to blow up things or start a killing, but in this film, Hopper did his best to keep that intensity and emotion while wearing a shield. Once I entered the plot of the movie, I became addicted, but it was only the little things that finally killed the movie. <br /> <br /> The concept of the movie is awesome - not only are the cops moving to catch the killer, but we have a chance to see how the gangsters are acting to catch the killer. The sub-plot of the football stadium is a little ridiculous, but it is necessary to involve the gangsters in killer hunting. <br /> <br /> That's all you can say about the movie. Although Hopper tried to behave like an intelligent and experienced policeman, I could not help thinking that his game was mediocre and that there was not enough conviction that he was really attached to the game. case. The staging was also terrible - she did not feel like a real movie, but rather a TV movie production. This is particularly evident when gangsters meet for the first time to form an elite team to hunt down the killer. When the main gangster is idling on the other gangster, the acting is weak, predictable and terribly innocuous. It was then that I knew that, first, the action was going to be atrocious. <br /> <br /> The camera shot was amateurish, and the reminder scenes or haunting images of the murderer's little sister had no real distinctive effect. . If it was supposed to scare, it was not. Everyone played was terrible, and even for Hopper, I did not feel anything for his character and his relationship with his daughter did not really concern me. <br /> <br /> The last thing that bothered me the most was the swat team. Once I saw the swat team in action, I finally asked myself something good. But I was wrong. First, the swat team consisted of 4 guys. It's just impossible. 2nd of all, apparently, the swat team has no training, because many times in the film, they carry their HKA4 pistols with one hand. If the murderer had hid near the stairs with a shotgun, these 4 idiots would have been destroyed because they did not even aim at anything or pay much attention. They should have both hands on the rifle to aim, but it seems they do not take the job seriously and they just hang around. Third, SWAT team members do not shout orders such as "Keep your eyes open, take care of yourself, are we ready to leave ... etc." In reality, they use hand signals or have radios. But they scream at each other - how are you supposed to catch the killer when he can hear your arrival ??? And to top it off, these guys have no plan. Apparently, they run back and forth during a wild turkey chase. Eventually, they end up doing nothing. It was the last straw. I am not an expert on special forces, but basically what I just said is common sense. When the public knows that the film is terrible, the action becomes the essence of the film's life. When you can not even make the effort to make the action fantastic, the movie is lost. <br /> <br /> I give 2 stars for the concept, but the rest can not be credited. If you want to watch a crime thriller, do not bother with this one. There are a lot of crimes in the movie - but it lacks chills.
