Antitrust is part of this category of films that aspire to assert a good point while remaining edifying, but fall completely flat. I do not hate the movie, but it lacks key elements, such as suspense. There have been other attempts to make an engaging film on computers, like Hackers and The Net. They are all short. The unlikely end of The Net and Antirust seems to be almost identical. This end of the film is tainted with a huge misperception: in the personal computer sector, this self-indulgent selfish ego assumes that the general population lives its life waiting to hear the latest news about computers and computers. software. I have worked for many companies and industries and they all seem to suffer from an expanded view of their own importance, like this film. <br /> <br /> The way they introduced the intrigues was pathetic. Showing that Milo, who is severely allergic to sesame seeds, ingesting almost one in a restaurant bread basket has crossed the line of stupidity. Only his "girlfriend" prevented him from certain death. So we can wonder how Milo could have survived so long, by facing the perils of Big Mac buns and sesame seeds breadsticks, because they hide, so ... sesame seeds breadsticks and Big Mac buns. <br /> <br /> <br /> Antitrust also does not provide much suspense. The predicted and predictable plot twists are easily understood well before they are revealed (go ahead, was someone REALLY knocked out when Yee Jee Tso was killed?), Thus destroying any worth of shock. And again, we still have another movie / story where, in the end, the bad guys are chasing the good ones to "get the record". We need a moratorium on this plot of Simple Simon for about 20 years. Yet, I pressed. Maybe the end would be the win, but no. The completely ridiculous end where we have the head of the company's security, another supposed nasty, to turn around and be the good guy who allows Milo to bring down the CEO of N.U.R.V, Gary Winston, was laughable. And of course, the media coverage of Gary Winston's arrest is more feverish than when Hinckley or Oswald were detained. Gary Winston, played by Tim Robbins, is a cardboard cutout of the same character played by Robbins on Arlington Road. But that fits perfectly here in Antitrust, which should be called "Anticlimactic" or "Anti-Original". <br /> <br /> In the years to come, this film will probably be banned, to be broadcast only on your local scene. third-order UHF channel.
