When I sat down to watch this movie, I was expecting a lot, because the plot takes some pretty complex issues. Using football as a launch pad for the complication was also an interesting approach. Unfortunately, despite his bravery with controversial issues related to cultural conflicts between Muslim and Western cultures, adding generational conflicts and prejudices to gays and lesbians, he allows you to find a solution with rather simplistic relief of any movie. This gives me the impression that the decision makers took on a task a little too heavy for themselves, trying to be deeper than they managed to deal with. <br /> <br /> This does not mean, however, that the film is directly bad because it makes the conflicts quite believable and fun. The film manages to be engaging and entertaining in this respect, but as mentioned above, the writers seem to have turned too deeply. This led to unrealistic behavior towards the end in order to cope with growing conflicts. By dropping the ball at a time when the directors could really show the film's brilliance, giving it another level of satisfaction. <br /> <br /> Although the film does not attempt to be a drama at any time, the scenery has so much potential in the plot that it becomes a disappointment when "the ball falls". Thus, the film goes from a good thoughtful comedy to a classic cliché that becomes ridiculous in its happy ending. Nothing is left in Hollywood as an end. Thus, even if the story is engaging and we can support the large amount of editing, we can not help rolling our eyes towards the resolution. Personally, I was about to shout "finished already !!" on the screen. <br /> <br /> There were some decent in the film and the two young central characters had good moments. As well as their parents and other bi-characters. However, the handsome Irish coach was an embarrassing acting game, which caused the film to lose a lot in terms of realism. He did not even seem very friendly, but rather involved, despite his good deeds, which makes the impending conflict between the girls a little tense. <br /> <br /> I give the 4 to the film, because it was an engaging story and they looked for a nice perspective to tackle the subject. The script and cast had many good credible characters, giving the audience a chance to recognize themselves or others. If the disappointments had not been so disappointing, I would easily give the film a 7 or an 8. If you enjoyed this movie, I would recommend the movie "East is East", which, in my opinion, is also good, if not . a better interpretation of cultural conflicts, while being fun and engaging.
