I saw the trailer of this movie a few months before its release, and MAN looked really scary. Especially how this movie was based on a real phenomenon. I was incredibly interested and I thought it could finally be a decent horror / thriller movie after years of shit. Well, you know how the trailers give a movie an even better look: maybe showing off all the scary parts or over-dramatizing some of the elements. The commercials of the film did both, which caused my ultimate disappointment. <br /> <br /> This is by no means a "most disturbing film of all time". Hell, I doubt that this is the most disturbing movie of this week's release. This film goes too far in the "fact-based" sense. <br /> <br /> This film was not completely nil. I must admit that this caught my interest and that Micheal Keaton was credible as a man searching for answers by supernatural means. Apart from that, this film is only a big shot. After the death of his wife, John discovers the executive vice president, who transmits the voices of the dead to electronic devices everyday. He suddenly receives messages from his wife! My God! It is not only his wife who reaches him, they are other dead. Gee, imagine that. A movie about helping the dead. Come on, give me a break! The clichés do not stop there. There is also the compulsory clock tower at the same time and the three evil spirits threatening our hero. Not only the cliche of the film, but it was not scary. The film literally had two jump scenes, and these two scenes are almost identical. The end is horrible because it leaves the WIDE OPEN door for a sequel. There is also an end message with a message explaining that only 1 voice over X heard via EVP is threatening, with a nice happy melody. Way to break the mood, guys. Jeez! In the end, if you want another forgettable horror movie, see White Noise. The only reason I think anyone who would like to watch this movie is the fact that this person is a fan of Keaton or is interested in the executive vice president. While the executive vice president may be a little bit interesting, I do not like my film concepts being jostled in my throat and exploding in the face. This film tries to be scary, original and disturbing, but it's the opposite. You know you have a lame film when commercials use ghosts to talk about their movie. "I will not see this movie anymore."
