The life of the architect and father of John Rivers took a terrible turn when his wife disappeared and was found dead after an abnormal accident involving the change of a tire of his car. During the days she disappeared, he confronted a man who was following him and told him that he had been in contact with his dead wife on the other side via E.V.P - Electronic Voice Phenomenon. Of course, he does not believe it but then hears strange calls from his phone. He therefore contacts the man to learn more about E.V.P. Soon, John is hooked on it, but something supernatural does not like it, which interferes with death, because now, in addition to contacting his wife, white noise announces events before they happen. <br /> <br /> Since this DVD It's been a while that I'm sitting on my shelf, I thought I should move better to watch it because it was not my copy. But again, I do not think the owners were in a hurry to get it back because they did not ask me about it. Never mind. So I decided to play, because I was in an uneasy mood. After hearing and reading all the bad press about it, I did not expect anything good, but I was entertained for 90 minutes. Well, even more, the 60 minutes, since the last half hour was rather confusing. The film is nowhere as good as it could have been, but time goes by pretty quickly, even if it's a rather tedious supernatural thriller. I thought everything was not a waste. The first hour, I found some interesting sequences rather interesting and there is a fearful fear generated by a slow progression of subtle immobility and a tragedy that haunts you, but unfortunately, it stops later in the film. It is at this point that fears of a predictable forced jump appear and simply do not fit the context. He becomes rather agitated, noisy and very confused with his MTV style editing and kinetic camera work that gets closer to the action. I did not understand what was happening under a jerky and abrupt climax. The general explanation of how everything fits into the overall picture is purely hokey. This is a very unsatisfactory conclusion because it goes for something big, but hits the bottom. I thought they had done a good job until then with the lighting and the superb camera work. Apart from the distinctive stark lighting, the score kept this movie very dark. All this is very well done with its satin and elegant material, which makes it very sterile and empty. <br /> <br /> You can easily see that the heart of the film is in the technical components and not in expanding the characters and the story. There is simply no connection and no lasting feeling within this fragile material. After a while, he tries too hard to convince you that he falls into manipulative shivers and bursts into many bloody things from beyond the grave. It has become rather repetitive to watch someone watch a blurry TV screen after a while. The E.V.P machine was the star of the show. Well, it had more impact than soft performance. Michael Keaton is a more than capable actor, but recently he has disappeared from the map and presents here a modest performance in the role of John Rivers, dangerously obsessed. He deserves a lot better, though. All others are very fragile and forgettable. Not because of the performances, but the lack of depth of their characters. This clunker was not bad at first, but it has the shape of a pear dropping drastically. <br /> <br /> I would not like to see it again and I would not recommend it to anyone unless you have an interest in the subject and enjoy the recent Horror / Thriller film collection produced at Hollywood. It is a shame that this film on-product can not be successfully assembled, because his idea was promising and his staging more than decent. I did not hate it, but what a disappointment.
