Absolutely one of the worst movies of the year. The plot is ridiculous, the characters poorly developed and the premise irritating and stupid. It all starts when Michael Keaton, fresh out of nothing since Batman, loses his beautiful wife author, Anna, following a car accident, probably caused by the fact that she drove one of these convertible bugs from the VW, while she was supposed to be rich. In his grief, Batman moves to a new apartment and adopts a hobby: do not record anything, then watch it. He learned that from a really big and pathetic guy who was murdered by three big dark guys who lived on his television. Very quickly, he begins to see people dead, thanks to EVP, or Electronic Voice Phenomenon, which is obviously the agreement that dead people can send messages to living people through tape recorders, video cameras and dead cell phones ("Cellular telephony Anna - she's ... DEAD! ... Must be ghosts ... Mmmmmm No other explanation possible, I'd better start messing around with it indiscriminately.") etc. Why they can not just write something on a piece of paper or spill objects to form creative pictograms is never explained.But anyway, Batman finally discovers that he sees the future, and he decides to go out to help this woman he does not know, he gets out of his house just in time, because the big, dark guys come in just after he's gone ("M * that's it!" can travel between the living and the dead in using electronics, but I would be destroyed if we can be on time! Am I right guys? He follows this lady into a warehouse and discovers that this character from the first ten minutes of the movie (watch it well or he will miss you!) Is actually a serial killer working for three big dark demons who, in Raiders of the The Style of the lost Ark bows and kills it, resembling the cartoons they are. At that moment, detectives introduce themselves and save the lady. After Batman's funeral, he decides to send a message from beyond the grave apologizing for his idiot son, obviously convinced that the best way to protect his child from the horrors of the executive vice president is to him. exposing. The little child smiles. No phase of this guy, not even when his father, Batman of course, starts talking on TV. The highlight of the film was when someone's phone rang and a guy shouted, "This is Anna!"
