David Jannsen was 38 years old. He was playing the father of Robert Drivas, who was then 31 years old (yes, I realize that he is supposed to have just graduated from college, but the scenario indices make him a lazy and so it is probably 24-25 in the script --- which still places Jannsen in parenting skills classes in college I guess AMA wrote a medical miracle in 1938, their year in medicine.This film has not aged well and its main Interest is now to see a snapshot of Sin City, circa 1969, and his ceaseless smoking, his strange hair (Drivas has an atomic comb that makes him look like a cousin hip well () and the fashionable fashions that go with it. someone remembers it, LV was not exactly London ... the city was pampering the crowd and the coder players at that time Drivas is sexually ambiguous, his father thinks he could be gay (in a sad irony, Drivas himself died of AIDS at age 47) and confessed Soapy bed comes from the issue of the generation gap (heh, as if we could call a gap of 7 years). Sonny Boy wants to be his own man and his father wants to take him to the casino (Caesar's Palace!), And takes him with girls (including Edy Williams, excited for money). It is interesting to note that the son does not seem to have the spirit to be considered gay, which is unusual for the time and a pretty Brenda Vaccarro is about to plummet on him. Nudity is terribly lame - just what was needed to draw the audience to an "R" ranking in the early days of the MPAA ranking system (which was then G-M-R [16] - and X). The editing is HORRIBLE and there are stupid and stupid overdubs from The Committee (a troupe of neo-avant-garde comedians from the late 60's that luckily disappeared from the map in a few years). Don Rickles is on board as a blackjack dealer ... apparently preparing him for a floor manager role in the much better casino two decades later. Without giving in, they would have treated Mr. Rickles' character with power tools and a hole in the desert at the time. A curiosity at best, far from the usual work of Joshua Logan. Dos / Dias. Go now to watch CASINO again ...
