This movie is really scary. Unfortunately, it's not for the reasons that filmmakers were hoping for. <br /> <br /> There is also a serial killer, but it's not scary. He's just your naughty cartoon guy, a cross between Hannibal Lecter and Freddie Kruger, although he has nothing particularly cool to add to that. Incidentally, can even the vilest and most reprehensible criminals be detained, chained, in a position of constraint, with their feet apart, their arms extended 24 hours a day, week after week? I guess in the world that gave us Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay everything is possible. <br /> <br /> No, what's really scary in this movie is the central character, Danny. This unattractive young man, aided and abetted, it is true by ridiculously lax security devices and by a doctor totally indifferent to any notion of professional ethics or confidentiality of the patient, walks in the hospital room occupied by this that one can only describe as an extremely vulnerable and helpless young person. woman, and on the basis of nothing at all (her chronic sleep prevents giving anything like informed consent), imagines herself having some kind of privileged relationship with her. <br /> <br /> Apparently, after a few days, he has arrogated the right to kidnap her, believing (completely falsely, as we find out) that he is better able to take care of she that anyone, and a few minutes after having brought her back to her apartment, sexually abused her although she is (again because of her sleepiness) totally incapable of consenting or resisting. <br /> <br /> Our suspicions as to why he would feel this link are soon confirmed. Of course, he is more or less unable to make friendships between mature adults, not to mention sex. He therefore uses this essentially infantilized woman, who, because of her permanent sleep, has a mental age corresponding to an experience lived only a few years. . The scene where she discovers the ice cream is particularly squeaky, and the lucid look she gives him when he jubilantly says he's going to have to clean it up, causes a particular shudder of horror. But again, I'm afraid this is not the thrill of horror that filmmakers were hoping for, but a much more direct revulsion spasm. We can all clearly see what is at the end of our range here - it's the perfect dream of the pedophile of innocence, sexual conformity and total dependence. Horrible, horrible, horrible. <br /> <br /> What else do we have in this mish mash? Twisted dream landscapes not quite as good as del Toro. The mandatory "You must go to the police" argument, in which the main character always has a reason not to do so, even if it is the only sensible course of action. The automaton sequence, highly praised in the comments here, though completely and totally useless ("It's no use!", As Sigourney Weaver protested in a memorable way in Galaxy Quest) and resembling me as the abominable Doctor Phibes felt in one of the Scenes Jeffrey Combs does his best, so a star for that, and a few others because you have to keep a lower ranking for movies that are even worse than that, and in general it's well shot and executed competently .
