New York, I love you, or rather, Manhattan, I like to watch your people sometimes, is a specific example of the difference between telling a story and telling a story. For example, look at two segments of the film, one where Ethan Hawke lights a cigarette for a woman on a street and argues with an obnoxious sexy conversation, and the other with Orlando Bloom who tries to shoot a movie with an incredulous request from his director to read two books by Dostoyevsky. Although the latter is not a big story, it has at least one beginning, one middle and one end, while the composer tries to score, Dostoevki gets dumped on his lap and gets at the end of the help (and perhaps something more) of a girl with whom he spoke as a liaison between him and the director. Ethan Hawke's scene, however, is unlike anything, and looks like a stroke of luck added or directed by a filmmaker telephoning him (or, by the way, Hawke with a combination of Before Sunrise and Reality Bites). <BR/> <br /> What's embarrassing in the whole film is to see the few stories that really work well to confront one or two possible "stories", then to the rest of the situations that unfold to connect or overlap each other (eg pieces involving Bradley Cooper, Drea DeMatteo, Hayden Christensen, Andy Garcia, James Caan, Natalie Portman, etc.). It's not even so much that the film is almost always at Manhattan * and not in the New York of Queens, nor in Staten Island, nor in the Bronx (or even, say, Harlem or Washington Heights) - it misses a lot of diversity because it is certain. It is the lack of imagination that one finds with the shovel, for the better or the worse, in Paris J'taime. This has mostly little to do with New York, except for the passing references, and at worst (the Julie Christie / Shia LaBeouf segment), it is incomprehensible to a level that is appalling. <br /> <br /> So, basically, wait for the TV, and do your best to come and go in the film, that is to say for three scenes: the segment Bloom / Christina Ricci mentioned above which is charming; the segment directed by Brett Ratner (yes, X-Men 3 Brett Ratner) with a very amusing story of a teenager taking a girl in a wheelchair at the graduation party to come across a big turn; and Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as an adorable elderly couple strolling in Brooklyn for their 67th wedding anniversary. Everything else can be missed, even the directorial debut of Natalie Portman and the return of a brother of Hughes (only one, Allan) to the screen. A mixed bag puts it lightly: it's like having to look in a bag of mixed nuts full of rotten peanuts, to find the few remaining almonds.
