I have always been somewhat impressed by Joe Dante's The Howling (Joe 1981)? so I was not particularly interested in checking one of its suites; some time ago, I caught HOWLING III: THE MARSUPIALES (1987) ?? by the same director as this one ?? and I found it very attractive, but nothing special. <br /> <br /> The second installment, however, has a bad reputation and I knew I would have a good time watching it? So mainly to wallow in the eyes of dear but pompous horror icon Christopher Lee who squirms in the middle of it all (the graciously aging star has pathetically claimed many times in interviews that she did not appear in a horror film since its inception). last photo for Hammer Films in 1976!). Anyway, this film should have had the subtitle "Your film is a turd" ?? to be incredibly inept in all departments (starting with werewolves' makeup)! <br /> <br /> The plot (and dialogue) is not only terrible, but has the closest connection to Dante's movie ?? strangely enough, the author of the original novel, Gary Brandner, wrote this himself! Yet, one of the undeniable strengths (uh ... low points) of the film is the useless elliptical editing ?? who tries to give the whole a semblance of style, but only serves to accentuate its embarrassment factor! In the same fictitious (and squeaky) way, the hokey transitions between scenes, the absurd theme song of punk-rock and the special effects cheapjack at the climax! <br /> <br /> What about the characters, then ?: Lee is the expert werewolves, of course, that everyone thinks of a crackpot ?? until they come in contact with the monsters, that's it; at the very least, however, one must admire the ingenuity (or gall) of the creators by designing a stupid subtitle with a double meaning! Sybil Danning (as Stirba, Werewolf Bitch, the subtitle who calls her in the UK!) Is pretty seductive in an assortment of scandalous S & M outfits ... but her character has virtually nothing to to do (except the presidency) his offspring of adepts and indulge from time to time in the hilarious sex to three lycanthropes!); her two surly lieutenants (one of whom is a sluttish black girl) are particularly irritating. <br /> <br /> Lee help on the side of the good are the two heroes yuppie (he is the brother of Dee Wallace's character from the beginning) film and she is a colleague) and a group of Transylvians in Guerrilla-type shreds (they usually succeed in defeating Danning's rather stupid werewolves!). Among them, there is a dwarf who throws a knife and who undergoes a particularly unpleasant death (but at the same time split in two); he is then revived, under the control of Stirba, to lure Lee (making childish taunts in the village streets) into a trap. This last scene must be a career nadir for the distinguished and imposing actor ?? Well, either this sequence is the first sequence of a disco where Lee is forced to put on a pair of ultra-cool sunglasses so as to appear discreet among the young people who are celebrating! <br /> <br /> Finally, if I were forced to mention elements that are not entirely unpleasant, I suppose I could say that the set of ossuaries (in which the heroine must be sacrificed) is interestingly, or that the hybrid werewolf / bat creature (the Danning pet who likes to live in 'the bodies of his victims) is too bizarre to be despised ...
