Ugly shot, poorly written and badly paced by an enthusiast of Joe Dante's classic in 1981. "The Howling" is one of only two or three ONLY good wolf movies ever made, and yet he was "rewarded "by a series of odious and unbearable suites like this one. If that's any consolation, "Stirba" is just a sequel and there is absolutely no connection to the characters or events featured in Dante's movie. The plot here revolves around a bloody cult of transsylvanian werewolves ?? mainly women ?? led by Stirba. Sybil Danning plays the role of Stirba. In the blink of an eye, she turns into a super-blond baby (with an impressive chest) and becomes hairy when she is sexually excited. His sworn enemy is played by apparent fatigue, Christopher Lee. His character ?? Stefan Crosscoe ?? is an occult investigator who travels to the kingdom of Stirba, accompanied by an American couple who lost his friend of the werewolf cult. In case you are looking exclusively for gore and free nudity ... it's your movie. Even the smallest killing is shown in great detail and we are even treated to an explosion of eyeballs and the vile image of a dwarf who is pierced on a pointed fence. However, if you want a little substance or depth, you will be deeply disappointed. The dialogs are awkward and there is absolutely no tension to detect anywhere. Screenwriters seem to constantly confuse werewolves with vampires (transsylvanian scenery, garlic, wooden stakes ...) and the magnificent balcony of Danning is shamelessly exploited as the only gimmick of the film. During the closing credits, a shot in which she tears her top, is reissued several times (according to my colleague, Dr. Gore, no less than seventeen times!), Which is rather pathetic and pointless. The music is good and some landscapes are pretty beautiful. I'm talking about the ferocious statues of the opening credits and the dark dungeons of Stirba Castle. The staging of Philippe Mora is a giant mess and ?? as far as I'm concerned ?? his only film worthy of the name is "The Beast Within", released three years earlier.
