The Howling II begins as it means that we will continue with a weird and surreal narrative narrative of Christopher Lee whose image is imposed on a field of moving stars, oh and a skeleton also appears for some reason. He says, "For it is written that the inhabitants of the earth were drunk with her blood, and I saw her sip a hairy beast and she presented a golden challis full of the dirtiest fornication and her forehead was written, Do you see that I am the grandmother of an inaudible word that I could not understand, no matter how many times I rewound the band and tried to do it, sorry # and all the abominations of the Earth ". This opening narration means nothing and is just weird. After the opening credits that cover scenes from Transylvanian architecture, we get a legend on the screen informing us that we are in Los Angeles, California, in the American city of angels. I knew I was in 86 minutes. It's probably not too long after the events of Howling (1981) and it's Karen White's funeral. After the ceremony, Karen's brother, Ben (Reb Brown), was interviewed by an "occult investigator," Stefan Crosscoe (Christopher Lee), who said Karen was a werewolf and would return to life . Ben rejects these absurdities. But with Karen's friend and colleague, Jenny (Annie McEnroe), he visits Stefan at home. There, Stefan tells them about werewolves and how they can be killed, he mentions Stirba (Sybil Danning), queen of werewolves. Stefan also shows them a photo taken at Karen's funeral of a woman named Mariana (Marsha A. Hunt) and the fact that she is an extremely vicious and dangerous werewolf who wants Karen. Stefan says he's going to puncture any Werewoves through the heart with titanium. Ben understands that Stefan also wants to play with Karen. He goes to the cemetery where Jenny will go to the crypt where his crypt has to stop Stefan. However, many werewolves present themselves and attack Stefan, Ben and Jenny. They survive the attack and manage to discover that Stirba is in Transylvania. They all decide to go to Transylvania and prevent Stirba and his werewolves from seizing the Earth by completing a secular curse. Once there, they go to a small town called Vlkava, which means "where the wolves live," and meet the local priest, Father Florin (Ladislav Krecmer) and his group of werewolf hunters, small but faithful, how can I call them? Oh, and a dwarf named Florica (Ludmila Safarova) is helping too. They follow Mariana who, they hope, will lead them to Stirba. But Stirba is aware of Stefan's arrival and has plans for him, Ben and Jenny. Can Stefan put an end to Stirba's plans for world domination? Will this film become more weird or surreal? Watch it and discover. Directed by Philippe Mora, this film is a strange mess. It's badly edited because some sequences jump incoherently. The most important problem is Robert Sano and Gary Brandner's script, based on his novel, which makes no sense, and makes no sense or presents us with any of the characters we love. Fortunately, it moves like a rocket and is never boring or boring, unlike the original. Something strange or bizarre always happens to entertain the viewer. Most people will probably hate it, but for those of us who like "bad" movies, that's the best with the best. There are werewolf orgies that are just weird to watch. We have werewolf killer weapons. The sets and the places seem simply irrelevant and I do not know if it was shot in Transylvania, but it does not look like what I thought Transylvania would be in the mid-80s. The Stirba castle is in a dungeon, a gothic castle and a modern luxury house. The costumes of Stirba and her maid are very exaggerated, Stirba wears an outfit that looks like that of a video S / M and to be fair to her, she looks very sexy, and her henchmen also wear clothes in skimpy leather. Special make-up effects are good to bad, dwarf eyes explode, a hand is pulled out and a priest pulls a creature out of his mouth but it's not a gore-laden movie, though there is a lot of effect sequences with transformations and attacks of werewolf. There is a lot of nudity as well as Stirba and his henchmen are a real band of werewolves! I should also mention the music, the soundtrack is dominated by a horrible rock music that I hated and I ended up dropping the volume. The game is weak and what did Christopher Lee think when he accepted this movie ?! I wonder what he thinks about it. Basically, all this is a disaster, but I found that it was still a pretty fun mess. Impossible to recommend but it kept me from watching to the end. Speaking of what the end credits cover what appears to be deleted scenes and cut sequences, it also shows Sybil Danning's same plan removing her dress and exposing her breasts probably more than 20 times! If it's your thing.
