I will have to add a dissenting comment here. Various comments that I read compared this film to those of Wong Kar Wai or Hou Hsiao-hsien. that is to say, one of the wonderful fleets of tangerine sweets that have appeared in recent years. Unfortunately, that's not exactly right. The film behaves more like the attempt of a graduate of a film school to imitate these masters. All the pieces are there - the beautiful backdrop, the vaguely minimalist dialogue, the slowness of the camera, and the male lead roles, in particular, who spend a good deal of their time contemplating. It sounds good but unfortunately nothing is up to it. The dialogue is conducted. The acting of the actors is generally incapable of raising the characters above the type; the married couple and the little sister are particularly poor and not very involved. Unfortunately, when the mediocre characters are combined with a classic "Chekovian" plot (that is to say, very predictable), the results are at best tedious and at worst painful. I could not help but see the scene of the "Blue Danube" river, for example, as a parody of genre (although the "spring sky" over the river, clear of smog, provides a bit of black humor ...) this film based on Mark Li Ping's photograph. Although the decor is elegant and the balanced camera tries to reproduce the atmosphere of "Flowers of Shanghai", the film is not in the same category, visually. In fact, I must admit that after an hour wondering if it was the script or the acting that ruined the film, I suddenly remembered that I had to meet my roommate for dinner and I took the chance to leave (and I can not recall the last movie I went out of). I guess from the comments, the end may have left a positive after-taste, but at that point, I do not care. If you would like to see something similar done with a lot of talent, I recommend the two directors above, for example "In the Mood for Love" or "Flowers of Shanghai", both shot by the talented Mr Ping (l 'old with Chris Doyle'), and both films are powerful enough to inspire years of missed emulations like this one. It's not often Mr. Hoberman who lets me go astray and maybe you'd rather listen to it, but do not say you have not been warned. Craig. <br /> <br />
