This is the first in the BBC series "The Complete Dramatic Works of William Shakespeare" that I saw, and if they are all like that, I may not look at it anymore. Virtually the entire text of the piece is what "Romeo and Juliet" has to offer, which is lacking in every other department. Alvin Rakoff is proving to be a terrible director, both technically and artistically. In the first case, he made mistakes that even a freshman in the first year of cinema would wisely avoid. For example, consider the poorly modified foreground of Abraham and Balthasar in the opening scene, or the nurse entering Friar Lawrence's cell, asking where Romeo is with him so well in front of her that she would see clearly even if she was blind. And, in the latter case, because each of the performers is poorly directed, even if some of them are good actors. Rebecca Saire looks exactly like the one I always imagined, and she does not seem to be a bad actress for a teenager, but her performance is totally lacking in passion. Patrick Ryecart in Romeo is even worse, not only as drab as Juliet, but also much too old and not very beautiful, like a combination of Malcolm McDowell and the Chucky doll. In assembling them, it is impossible to think that they feel anything for each other, not to mention the fact that they are the main actors of the greatest love story ever written. Alan Rickman, in his debut on the screen, plays Tybalt as if he were Darth Vader, which is a huge mistake that removes all the complexity that Shakespeare wanted, no character being a hero or a villain, but all of them imperfect human beings. This Tybalt is so mean that we do not believe in the pity of the characters after his disappearance. As for Paris, I always thought of "Prince Valium" of Spaceballs. Only Celia Johnson manages to do justice to the character of the nurse. <br /> <br /> At 168 minutes, this production is unable to make us comprehensible with the characters, because the characters did not see to believe their own roles. The best screen version is still that of Franco Zeffirelli. But, to be fair, this BBC show is not as bad as abominations such as the flamboyant geriatric version of George Cukor, or the crime against humanity that is Baz Luhrmann's MTV long video. 4/10.
