In a superficial way, "Brigadoon" is a very promising entertainment package. Gene Kelly and Vincente Minnelli, the team behind "An American in Paris", have found many of the great artisans and creators of their previous collaborations. Gene's star is Cyd Charisse, one of the best film dancers of the 40s / 50s, and unlike the film "It's Always Fair Weather", this film allowed them to participate not only in one, but two dances. Lerner and Loewe were the rising team behind future hits such as "My Fair Lady" and Minnelli's musical masterpiece "Gigi"; Lerner and Minnelli have already demonstrated their optimistic collaboration on the excellent "American in Paris". <br /> <br /> What happened? Why is the movie itself so stupid? Minnelli himself did not want to make the film, despite his personal and artistic relationships with Lerner. This may be because the innate conservatism of the film was a little too much for MGM and a step back for Vincente Minnelli. But once trapped in this mission, just as the inhabitants of Brigadoon are trapped within the confines of his city, Minnelli strives to turn it into something entertaining in a particularly entertaining, even liberating way. The end result is really horrible to see. <br /> <br /> While aiming at the naive charm of Minnelli's previous successes such as "Cabin in the Sky" and "Meet Me in St. Louis", Panthers wearing Brigadoon inhabitants can not conjure up any of the illusory nostalgia for these unpublished places. His fantasy does not even match the brilliant luster of "Yolanda and the Thief" or "The Pirate" because the settings of the highlands seem both too specific for such an exotic fantasy and too generic for real human emotions. The only people in Brigadoon with whom I can at least identify myself are the unhappy man trying to escape and the unfortunate traveling companion played by Van Johnson who accidentally shot him. The general procedures in the township of Brigadoon itself are too obscure and provincial, even to be attributed to a form of retrograde Christianity: they seem positively pagan in their appearance. For example, in exchange for the immortality of Brigadoon, the honorable and most generally "good" pastor of the city sacrificed his own place in the so-called blessed refuge. <br /> <br /> At some point, we are assured that in search of their own brigadon. "Suffice to say that the box office for this image confirms my own suspicions as to the fact that most of between us are not looking for that kind of almost nauseating paradise, the premise itself is ridiculous and almost insulting, but could work if the players were perfect, but Kelly himself is the most condescending in the movie , and Charisse is horribly misinterpreted as a virgin optimist, in much the same way that Lucille Bremer was misinterpreted in "Yolanda and the Thief." Van Johnson makes his best version of Oscar Levant's classic sidekick to Kelly (even turning on 3 cigarettes at one point as Levant in "AIP"), and it provides a lot of fun moments.But that says something in itself if the best part of a big budget extravagance with all the best talents from M GM is a defeated Van Johnson performance.
