It's not often that I feel obliged to criticize a film negatively; After all, I often feel like saying, "If you do not have anything good to say, do not say it at all", would be wise advice for the many opponents we listen to every day and who croak things that we like. If you do not mind, reader, I must point out that, with the sole exception of Christopher Walken, in a role that comes back like Gabriel, this film is pathetically HORRID. I tell you this to warn you in advance that even if you are a fan of Walken's impasse and his style or if you like the original "prophecy", you will be deeply disappointed. If you buy it, return it. If you rent it, make sure you only have 99 cents left. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? A complete list would take too long to read and bother you with tears, but a brief summary would be as follows: the clear and crystalline image of the relationship between the angels and the mortals of the first film is torn to shreds. Gabriel is diverted from God's rather morbid right hand that he once was (and in this role, it's WICKEDLY funny first) into a mere thug for heaven. Since Walken is so good at playing heavy (we all remember Frank White of "King of New York"), it's still nice, but the cast is an unconditional and unconvincing mess of mortals and angels who could not buy a hint for 50 cents. If you can understand the plot, you are a smarter man than me. One has the feeling that one walks aimlessly from one scene to another, just to advance the film to the next big line of Walken. At the end of the film, you really want it to crack and knock down the walls of Jericho on those who caused this unnatural disaster. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, it's an insult to our intelligence that they made a sequel to this film in the first place. The original tells the good story, answers the questions that should have been asked, and leaves out the ones you are supposed to think about later. There is no compelling reason to follow those characters who were in the first - the priest who lost faith, the little girl who kept the "big secret", the teacher who protected her children - even Lucifer was himself more interesting. first film that all the other characters in the sequel. I'm sorry for all who see this film and not the first because they probably will never want to watch the original and it's a real tragedy.
