Everyone knows that the original of "The Prophecy" by Gregory Widen did not really need to follow, but you do not need a rocket science degree hanging over your chimney to realize that additional payments on this profitable horror concept were inevitable. The second part is a very prototypical example of a direct video sequel, which means that the creative and complicated plot of the original has been simplified a lot in favor of more action, more spiritual dubers and religious landscapes. much more strange. The only good news is that the producers have managed to keep Christopher Walken for Gabriel's role and that he delivers another gloriously shameless performance that quickly justifies the price of a rental. Had it not been for Walken's performance (and perhaps two or three cast members, like Brittany Murphy and Glenn Danzig), "The Prophecy II" would surely have been forgotten as soon as it was released. The film begins with Gabriel literally coming out of hell to continue his war on the sky down here. The purpose of his fight this time is to prevent the birth of the baby nurse Valerie Rosales (Jennifer Beals). For you, his unborn child is the first hybrid ever created between a celestial angel and a terrestrial "monkey" and the birth of such a superior would imply the downfall of Gabriel's evil reign. Thus, just like in the first film, he hires a suicidal accomplice to help him and chases Valérie to Eden for the final showdown. "The Prophecy II" is a bearable film and sometimes even entertaining as long as you do not compare with the original and you manage to forget the multiple holes of the plot and the errors of continuity. When the scenario becomes too tedious, the authors happily insert an almost brilliant moment of Christopher Walken to distract you. His interactions with the rebel Izzy and in particular his ignorance of modern terrestrial technologies often give rise to useful and memorable sequences. On a slightly off topic note, I often felt like "The Prophecy II" ambitions to look like "Terminator II" ?? Gabriel's resurrection was a bit like the teleportation of a futuristic cyborg, and the location of Eden, where the final battle takes place, is very similar to the steel plant where Terminator II also ended. Coincidence, I suppose? All in all, it's a mediocre and passable, but worth checking if you're a fan of Christopher Walken's unique acting charisma (and who is not?).
