This is one of those horror scenes where twenty years of fun with the dark arts around a campfire and engages in a lot of trouble for that. A portal containing a world of demons known as Kelippoth of Sitra Achra was opened by a man whose daughter, Summer, was kidnapped by something she took away. Summer is formed by a mysterious group whose identities are never revealed to fight the demon monsters. This is a part of the plot that lends itself to scrutiny. Anyway, three aspiring witches, who went to high school together, Renea, the most enthusiastic and serious practitioner of the dark arts, and her lesbian cohorts, Jasmine and Marlene (.. that's more or less a fashion transient with them, though ..) join their friends, Jason and Ricky, on a nature trip where Summer disappeared from her home ten years ago. By opening the portal with a spoken text written in an old book, a demon is released, as is Summer, now a warrior girl whose training has helped create a very fit and athletic body and the skills needed to keep monsters away. of the world. other world. <br /> <br /> A reduced budget contains a loopy but ambitious story that keeps it in a confined space. These young adults spend a lot of time running in the woods in the hope of not falling prey to a beast. As it may be in these movies, the demon stands aside, while the story grows as Summer tries to remember how everything happened, while befriending Jason who wants to help him restore the lost time. The action takes place mainly in the dark, making any violence difficult to decipher. Brigitte Kingsley (and the rest of the female cast), is a powerful eye candy dressed lightly dressed as a Conan woman, a gorgeous body that we have the pleasure to contemplate from the moment it appears until the closing of the film. A bit of lesbianism (a few kisses and caresses) and nudity spice things up, and the actors seem to have fun with the zany plot ... it is so absurd that the stupid tone probably suits the subject. <br /> <could interest the co-star of "Captain Courageous", the main actor of World Wrestling Entertainment, as a member of the group, usurping his alter ego, like a chicken, quivering to the sound of a bough of 'tree . Landy Cannon is likeable as an unlikely hero, Jason, a naïve and loving young man whose ex-fiancée, Jasmine (Vanessa James) is now bisexual and in love with Marlene (.. Jasmine's cruelty is about playing with feelings from Jason hiding his acquaintance with Marlene), while Ricky and Renea try to move him away from the idea that he can reignite a dead flame that no longer lights up. Kelippoth's demon is mostly dark, so I guess not to show how ridiculous / ridiculous it is if it is presented in its entirety. The lesbian antics of Jasmine and Marlene (Haley Shannon) are for the most part tamed. Their love, once alone in the woods against a tree, fades and lights up using the darkness of the night. My note is a little favorable, almost solely because of Kingsley, for purely superficial reasons, rather than for the plot or the making of a film. The film aims to please and is sold to boys (and girls who love hot women). I think that, overall, the humor falls a little flat.
