It is certainly a strange way to promote a film on which many rested. And this seems like a simple suicide from the studio, since (1) The quarrels between the actors were well known well before the film's release. (2) The quarrel between the producer (Robert Fryer) and the director (Michael Sarne) was also common knowledge. (3) The cast did not hide his contempt for the film and made it public at every opportunity, with daily bulletins in the series reported with joy by the gossip columnists around the world. <br /> <br /> And (4) The author, Gore Vidal hated him practically from day one. Nevertheless, this slogan sums it up pretty much. Raquel Welch gives <br /> <br /> a decent performance as Myra, and she is lovely too. John Huston is very funny in the role of Buck Loner, the former Cowboy Star who runs a fictional theater academy. Mae West (on her first appearance on screen since 1943) has naturally rewritten her piece as she pleases, and she's great as an "over-expressive" (and that's a euphemism) Leticia Van Allen. Nevertheless, she must have wondered (after waiting so long for a good vehicle to return), how it ended up in this mess. <br /> <br /> Tom Selleck (in his film debut) is one of his "clients." John Carradine and Jim Backus, as physicians, also briefly spoke in. Rex Reed as Myron Farrah Fawcett and Roger Herren, as victims of Myra / Myron's sexual passion, are neither here nor there, so is the script, which not only does not focus on the plot of The book's base seems to go at least in three different directions at the same time, although West's share was more important originally, it was reduced to the cameo role when Sarne was done with editing. Partly because of that, it seems to be in a different movie, apparently at some point the producers realized that Mae was going to be the big draw of the movie and, unable to replace most of its cinematic footage, they brought back on the set at the end of the shooting of the second of s two songs that come out of nowhere. The device that Sarne used to cast in old movie clips from past stars to emphasize his remarks, does not work at all. At the end of the film, all that a tired spectator can do is ask what it is. Not surprisingly, just about everyone related to production felt the same way, and he died at the box office. A technically irreproachable DVD includes, among other extras, separate comments from Welch and Sarne, each having a totally opposite view of what went wrong. piece, which tried (in detail) to do the same thing. Admittedly, the structure of the novel made the adaptation to the screen a dubious venture, but with Sarne at the helm of what was obviously a production "troubled", she had no chance.
