It was the sixties and anyone with long hair, hip and distant attitude could get money to make a movie. That's how Michael Sarne, director of this colossal flop, managed to get the job. Sarne is one of the most talented people ever to have a dollar to make a movie. In fact, the whole studio must have been deceived by agreeing to hire a guy who had made exactly one previous movie, a terribly precious 60s black and white featurette, called Joanna. This film featured the same actress / actress without talent, Genevieve Waite, who could barely speak of a whole line without breaking into an inappropriate facial expression or a bat twitter. Sarne, who was probably unable to make a cartoon, let alone a big-budget Hollywood movie, was over his head. David Giler's book is the best place to go to find out how the terrible fake Sarne has managed to hide the eyes of everyone. If there is a historical marker indicating the superficiality and superficiality of an era, Myra Breckinridge provides it. It embodies the emptiness and senseless excess of a decade that is more often remembered as a great, radical change in the body politic. Breckinridge is a touchstone of another vein of equal importance. Watch this film and you will get a different perspective on the less-often-mentioned emptiness of mind that so often passed for talent in those years. <br /> <br /> Many critics have spoken of the inter-slicing of sequences from other films, especially the older ones. Some actually liked these clumsy "comments" about what was happening in the movie, others found them insane, embarrassing and intrusive, though, since the movie is so bad itself, any intrusion should be an improvement . <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the real reason Michael Sarne put so many movie clips in Myra Brekinridge was to mask the lack of background and imagination he had. That is to say that Sarne was so stimulated by the imagination that he simply added these clips to fill the space and take time. They were not the inspiration, they were despair. His writing skills were non-existent and David Giler had wisely moved away from the project like a time bomb. Sarne had to try to make a movie, but he could not. It was beyond his thin capabilities. Hence the introduction of what seems to be half of the clips of an entire movie. The ghosts of writers and filmmakers - many of whom have long since disappeared - were called to repair this calamitous flopperoo because Sarne was sure he could not do it. That's what he imagined those days, he sat on the set and thought for eight hours, while the whole cast and crew (not to mention producers and accountants) It was cooling and waiting for something, a great spark of imagination, a hint of originality, a hint of wit, to crack Zeus' forehead. Uh, oops. No Zeus + no imagination + no sparks = millions of tiny dollar bills with tiny wings - each one of hundreds of license agreements needed to use the clips - flying out the window. Bye. <br /> <br /> For my part, I hated movie clips. They denigrated Sarne's many bettors, making fun of people whose talents - even those with poor skills - far exceeded the director's abilities and thus showed how much he lacked inspiration, originality - and same skill to even the most cheese of them.
