Anyone who knows me even remotely can tell you that I like bad movies almost as much as big ones, and I can honestly say that I finally saw one of the bad legendary movies of all time: the almost indescribable that is MYRA. BRECKINRIDGE. An adaptation of the bestseller Gore Vidal (who later rejected this version), the film star MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is really a film so bad that it remains strangely entertaining from the beginning to the end. The X rated movie about sex-change operations and Hollywood was an absolute box office disaster and was literally booed on the screen by critics and the public at the time of its release. Unsurprisingly, the film then acquired a status of almost legendary cult among fans of bad cinema, and I was rather excited to see finally for the first time. <br /> <br /> Director Michael Sarne (who only had two other previous director credits to his name at the time), took a lot of blunders for the finished film, and, in all honesty, he does not really seem to have had any idea what he was trying to achieve. The film is often incoherent, with whole sequences mounted together so unrealistically that many scenes become almost incomprehensible. It is also irritating to be able to use archive footage of the Fox's safes and insert them at regular intervals into the image. That means there are archival footage of former movie stars like Judy Garland and Shirley Temple mingling with new scenes of often obscene sexual acts, and the process just does not work as expected (This also caused a minor tumult, as actors). as Temple and Loretta Young sued the studio for using their image without permission). <br /> <br /> Sarne may not be the only one to blame, however, the script and cast of the film will also incite many spectators to incredulous head. For example, this movie will ask you to believe that skinny film critic Rex Reed (in his first and last main role) could have a sex-change operation and become the gorgeous sex goddess Raquel Welch ?! The film becomes harder and harder to watch as Welch tries to take a film school from his lousy uncle (played by legendary filmmaker John Huston) to a film school, to seduce a nubile film student (Farrah Fawcett) and to teach the school bad boy. (Roger Herren) a lesson in raping him with a strap-on dildo. Did everyone follow that? <br /> <br /> And it's even better (or worse, depending on your point of view)! I have not mentioned the star of the movie yet: the legendary sex symbol on the screen of the 1930s, Mae West! Ms. West was 77 years old when she appeared in this film (she had been retired for 26 years) and apparently still considered herself a great sex symbol as she plays an upscale talent agent who has beefy men (including a young man). Tom Selleck) jumping on her. As if that were not enough, the muffled West actually plays two newly-written songs about halfway through the film and I think listening to them would cause irreversible brain damage! <br /> <br /> Of course, none of this really looks like what any reasonable person would describe as "good", but I would give MYRA BRECKINRIDGE a 4 out of 10, because it was always entertaining, even morbid I had no idea what was supposed to happen. In addition, most of the actors are really trying very hard. Raquel, in particular, seems so determined to turn her badly written part into something meaningful that she alone manages to make the film worth watching. Had she only worked with a decent screenplay and a capable director, she might have finally received some criticism from critics. <br /> <br /> The rest of the distribution is also acceptable. John Huston (who really should have directed the photo) has fun moments, Rex Reed is not bad for a non-actor and Farrah Fawcett is pleasant and fresh-faced. Roger Herren is just as good, but he never appeared in another movie after that (I guess he just could not be as mean as the one hit by Raquel Welch). And as everyone can guess from the description above, Mae West was completely crazy about thinking when she agreed to make this film - but that's partly what makes it fun for those of us who like the bad cinema.
