MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of those rare films that immediately took its place in the history of cinema. The praise for the film was absolutely non-existent, even from the people involved in its realization. This movie was hated from the first day. While from time to time we will meet non-conformists who would rent the film for philosophical reasons (aggressive feminism or the courage to tackle the problem of transgender), the film did not develop a sectarian following as do some notorious flops. This is not hailed as a misunderstood masterpiece such as SCARFACE, nor to be ridiculed as a camp classic like SHOWGIRLS. <br /> <br /> The reason is undoubtedly that the film, although terribly awful, is neither friendly nor sympathetic. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is simply average. As a Hollywood satire, she is cold-blooded and mean-spirited, but hollow and useless. MYRA takes for granted that Hollywood is a corrupt city, but goes even further to attack beloved icons such as Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. The movie seems to imply that everything about Hollywood is by nature mean. He seems to believe that there is something brave about making fun of sacred cows, but does not provide any reason to do so by making fun of them. The film is also visibly anti-American and anti-establishment and anti-this and anti-that, but all in a superficial and fashionable way of the 1960s. Like CASINO ROYALE; SKI DOO; I LOVE YOU, ALICE B. TOKLAS and other potential hip epics, MYRA is a middle-aged vision of hippie and hippie youth culture. He tries to adopt the same attitude that he belittles. But instead of making fun of oneself, MYRA does not try to hide its contempt for everything within reach. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has the humor of a tyrant; there is not a single moment of innocence. His intentions are not honorable. TIME magazine aptly described it as "about as funny as a pedophile," but it's not that nice. <br /> <br /> For example, poor Mae West has been the target of much criticism directed against the film, being described as resembling everything from an aging drag queen to a revived cadaver. The octogenarian star obviously did not know how ridiculous she was to play the role of a luscious talented agent seducing men young enough to be his grandchildren or even his great grandchildren. But the director Michael Sarne had to know it, but he still used it. Why? Because, apparently, it was the joke. Like John Huston, John Carradine, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine and other veterans of the film, they are only there to make the movie make fun of their age and use them to delete their images. They are interpreted as simple frightening parodies, like Rex Reed, the arrogant critic of the film fey, which is presented as such in the film. But the real Reed, the celebrity dog, the jet-setting, the talk shows, can be charming in a strangely funny way; but like Myron, Myra's alter ego, he's just heinous. Again, apparently for Sarne, Reed is kidding. <br /> <br /> You look at MYRA BRECKINRIDGE and you do not see the actors, you see the victims. No more than Raquel Welch. No one can ever accuse Welch of being a great actress, but the fact that she survived the film is testament to her tenacity and appeal. In almost every scene, Welch was at the center of the attacks against the film, but to her credit, she gives a remarkably nuanced performance. Although, of course, centered between the landscape that chews Huston and the almost catatonic west, Welch does not have much to do to find a good balance. Nevertheless, she makes her dialogue horribly funny with a smirk, with just the hint of perverse jubilation that would be the pride of any villain James Bond. The legend says that Welch was snubbed by a condescending West and subjected to many verbal abuses on the set by the director overflowing Sarne, without forgetting to appear in a degrading scene after another, which is all the more remarkable that she could have given such a cool and collected performance. <br /> <br /> The only intriguing element of the film is trying to understand the film's program. The whole story is an imaginary fable, which should indicate that it has a morality to deliver, but what that might be, is not a hypothesis. With all his talk about the destruction of the "last traces of the traditional virility of the race", it seems that he has a feminist axis to overcome. But as a feminist, Myra is a monstrous figure, a sexual predator. Plus, Myra is not a woman, but an illusion of Myron, who is presumably a gay man. This could explain the male rape scene as well as the character's love / hate attitude towards the seemingly straight, straight macho, Rusty, but that does not explain his obsession and his supposedly lesbian relationship with Mary Ann of Farrah Fawcett. The film is obsessed with sex, but it can hardly be blamed for being in favor of the sexual revolution; all sex is considered to be, if not dirty, at least perverse and degrading. Turning to Gore Vidal's original novel is of no help, as it is as confusing and useless as the movie. <br /> <br /> And this is a rare film that seems to hate movies. Not only movies as a business, but films as an integral part of the culture. The film itself is an arcane reference to old movies, which director-writer Sarne tackles with frantic contempt. He made a descent into the 20th Century-Fox movie chests and dotted with excerpts from old movies, not as a tribute or as a social comment, but to mock the innocence of old Hollywood. How can an artist - if you want generously to call Sarne - create a work of art if he already hates the medium in which he works? The effort itself is totally counterproductive. <br /> <br /> MYRA BRECKINRIDGE seems to be in favor of nothing more than just being mean. He hates Hollywood, he hates America, he hates sex, he hates gays and heterosexuals, women and men, seniors and young people, and Laurel and Hardy and, well, you call him and there is probably a scene that despises him. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE could be the first punk manifesto, a celebration of the nihilism of pop culture.
