I bought a set of 4 DVDs for $ 10 at my local Suncoast, which contained this movie and three other trashy horror movies (including its sequel "Witchcraft XI"). So, basically, I paid the lowest price of $ 2.50 for this movie, if you do the math. I can not say exactly that I was scammed. I have a weakness for trash horror movies, but it's the kind of trash that gives the trash a bad name. The budget could not exceed $ 1,000 (although it seems they spent a total of $ 1.50). I know it's a low-budget movie, but it's not an excuse for a totally uninspired camera. The movie "Blood Cult", although not very good, was made for an extremely low budget and still had a pretty good work of filming and action. The game in this movie is the definition of "effortless", especially this muscular guy with the Texas accent. Everyone reads just about their lines of the page. You can take it figuratively or literally. I would not be surprised if the script was off camera while they were playing. I already said that I had never seen a bad English actor. This film has a lot of bad. And although English movies are not always good, they always seem to have at least a level of sophistication, which is why I do not see why an Englishman would volunteer to make a house style schlock movie like this. Did Merchant Ivory end their casting calls? In general, I think people are too hard for filmmakers and actors. Even some of the worst films in Hollywood have a certain level of professionalism in the departments of direction, theater and cinematography. Even when you watch a movie like "Glitter," you honestly can not say it looks like a third-grade scene (if a third-grade script might have written the script). I've seen movies at home that are better shot than "Witchcraft X" and that's not an exaggeration. Even the gore is minimal since the filmmakers only had money to buy fake blood for sale in Party City. Not a single effort was made to make this film - just summarize like that. You get the picture. There is a lot of nudity, although it does not save him. However, I must say that this girl with red-orange hair, who is either naked, or dressed in a brilliant outfit throughout the film, is really hot! <br /> <br /> My score: 1 (out of 10)
