but "Cinderella" gets my vote, not only for the worst of Disney's princess films, but for the worst film the company has made during Walt's life. The music is really pretty and the story deserves to be described as "classic". What fails in this film are the characters, especially the main character, who could be called "the heroine" in the vaguest sense of the term. <br /> <br /> After a short prologue, the public is introduced to Cinderella. . She wakes up in the morning and sings "A dream is a wish your heart makes." This establishes him as an idealist (and therefore deserves our sympathy). Unfortunately, the script gives us no idea of ​​what she dreams about. Released from her role as maid? The respect of his in-laws? Someone to talk to apart from mice and birds? In a song (cut from the film but presented in the special part of the last DVD), Cinderella tells her wish to be numerous to be able to do her work more effectively. You go girlfriend! In short, Cinderella is a very bland person. She passively accepts the abuses of her in-laws and escapes into her tacit dreams of relief. She asserts herself only once, reminding her mother-in-law that she is still a member of the family. For this, she is given permission to go to the ball if she finishes her chores and finds something to wear, a symbolic gesture that is clearly absurd for everyone, except of course for Cinderella. Can anyone see Belle or Jasmine being such a doormat? If Cinderella is dull, his male counterpart is simply lifeless. The prince in Cinderella gets no dialogue and almost no time on the screen. We are not given any indication if he is a good man, whether he respects Cinderella or anything. All we know is 1) he is a prince and 2) he dances well. Heck, even the prince of "Snow White" has at least sung a romantic song. Not only does this lack of development make the romance less interesting, but it gives Cinderella the appearance of a social mountaineer or fool, thus weakening his already tenuous appeal. <br /> <br /> Perhaps realizing how much the main characters were sad, the animators chose to give excessive time to the screen for the comedic relief of the film, Cinderella's friends, the mice. Certainly, these characters are fun. Still, when the comic relief steals the show from the main actors, well, let's just say that your story has some problems. <br /> <br /> Dinsey loves to proclaim all his animated films "masterpieces". If many of them are, some do not deserve this call. Cinderella is an excellent example of this fact.
