Following the release of Cube 2: Hypercube (2003) and the presumed success of the original Cube (1998), the director Ernie Barbarash allows us to bring us the third installment of the trilogy, the previous Cube Zero. <Br/> <br /> In the depths of a gigantic, faceless institution, time and place unknown, two lower-ranking operators, Wynn (Zachary Bennett) and Dodd (David Huband) sit and watch on the monitor the behavior of people placed in a giant network of cubic rooms, some of which are equipped with deadly traps. Say that the people they observe are convicted criminals who chose this lethal and lethal test instead of a lethal injection, these observers had no problem with their work until Wynn, a mathematical genius, discovers that one of the prisoners, a woman named Cassandra (Stephanie Moore) never agreed to be inserted into the cube. Suddenly, one realizes that their "jobs" may not be what they seem to be, and that they may be part of something deeply sick and twisted ... <br /> <br /> For people who have seen and enjoyed the original Cube, this prequel probably will not suit you. It's not that history has no potential; it's just that the first Cube movie never needed to be developed. On its own, it's a very neat little psychological thriller with very interesting concepts and a certainty about its own message. It was also autonomous. The problem with Cube Zero is that it destroys some of the original's mystique, trying to answer questions by multiplying the questions, but only really messing up what has never been repaired. <br /> What does this new film questions about the psychological nature of authoritarianism and the banality of evil, are certainly good questions to ask, but probably should have been on their own merit , rather than as a continuation of a film that did not have such aspirations. <br /> <br /> That said, the other features of the film, such as acting, staging and writing, are not terrible. The film has a dark and dark look that looks like a black film like "The Matrix" and "Dark City", and they have certainly managed to regain the claustrophobic feeling of the first Cube. Unfortunately for Barbarash, there are not enough positive qualities to save him.
