Steven Vasquez directed and co-wrote with James Townsend, the star, this strange little drama and horror film with obviously very good ideas and intentions: to make a gay movie that takes a different story from the usual one and make a drama that wants to be judged on its merits as a thriller. So why does not it work? To begin, the film loses the direction of the beginning and walks aimlessly throughout the film, determined to make a suspense thriller but be distracted to satisfy an audience that wants to see naked encounters. It's not a bad thing: it can certainly improve some Hollywood movies. The film also tries to talk about the experiences of young men and women, relationships, parental disturbances, the club scene with all the antics that accompany such events - and murder. It's a bit too much to win in a 96-minute film. <br /> <br /> Devon (James Townsend) is a successful kid with a nice girlfriend, Jenna (Sarah Kelly), but he has an eye for and visits a bar where he meets Brian (Alex Wilson) who follows the same path and can offer assistance to Devon at all levels. They bind themselves, Devon unveils themselves and the mysteries begin: the boys are missing in the neighborhood, Dr. Kirk Tyler (Dan Swett), the psychologist of Devon, is not at all what he seems to be and despite the consoling mother of Devon, Donna (Sonja Fisher) Devon is thrown into the streets because of her new relationship. It looks like Dr. Tyler is working on a dark affair with Detective Cunham (Earl McDougle) investigating the missing boys ... Devon gathers his resources from his understanding girlfriend, Jenna, and his friends, and together he reveals the darkness of Dr. Tyler and his detective acolyte. And through all this, Donna radiates warmth and understanding as the perfect mother of a gay boy, etc. <br /> <br /> Some of the actors are pleasing to the eye (and there is very little eye that does not examine often!) but the degree of intervention is at its lowest level. The only thing that makes us forgive that (and in some cases, it's too poor to forgive) is the sense of commitment on the part of everyone involved. Yes, it's a low-budget film and yes, the director needs time to learn his job. But in the end, there is something to say for the people involved to try to get a gay movie to another level. Maybe their neighbor will be more polite. Grady Harp
