BASEketball (1998): "It's one of those movies we usually see on the big jumbo-tron screen in a sports bar during the day - when everyone is completely drunk." Unfortunately, I was sober I saw this movie. "<br /> <br /> So quoted the late Gene Siskel for this damn supposed brain bluff that came out two weeks after the very superior" There is something of Mary "in a One-way game in July 1998. "Mary" was a disgusting party, but in addition to the many gags, she had a lot of heart, which is why it was the biggest comedy of this memorable summer. <br /> <br /> "BASEketball" tried to outdo Mary, but it fizzled out. You pick the creators of "South Park", Trey Parker and Matt Stone, who, thankfully, are not behind the film but in front of the camera, the only ZAZ member David Zucker at the helm of the movie desperately needing a check and the other two Jim Abrahams and Jerry Zucker have clearly stayed away or have probably warned against the photo, a little bit now, the 90-year-old Ernest Borgnine, wasting his time precious in his distinguished career, dying in a hot dog while singing "I'm Too Sexy" while recording his will on video, Jenny McCarthy, who spends very little time on the screen as the widow of the trophy not too crying Borgnine, young enough to be his granddaughter, a more important female role of Yasmine Bleeth as a devoted social assistant whose accusations are of young underprivileged children. only interesting and significant actor of this turkey, Robert Vaughn as a rival archi corrupted, and useless cameos of "Airplane!" former students Kareem Abdul Jabaar and the late Robert Stack, who seemed nostalgic for the 1980 masterpiece and his much cooler humor created by the ZAZ family. What do all these people compose? A cast and a desperate team trying to reproduce "Plane!" humor and mix with the crudity of "South Park", but failing in every way. <br /> <br /> To make this long 100 minute short film, "BASEketball", a real game invented by David Zucker and his friends, in his home town of Milwaukee, talk about two lazy losers (Parker and Stone) and their common boyfriend who invents baseball and basketball (hence the title) together in the driveway of his house. After the death of Borgnine, he bequeaths the property of his BASEketball team, the Milwaukee Beers, to Parker and Stone. Indeed, the game is national and archivalists Vaughn and McCarthy want to remove the team. But Bleeth is in love with the two men, especially Parker, and a poor and sickly load in need of a liver transplant escapes them. These are the characters who are not very developed. <br /> <br /> It results now gags without intelligence. Blood, electroshock hair, egg throwing and screaming are part of it. Parker and Stone nearly killed the boy in the hospital, but he managed the liver transplant. Borgnine sings and rubs the ointment in the will recorded on video. McCarthy, who seemed to have overcome Borgnine's death by immediately choking on a franc, quickly massaged Vaughn into the next scene. Cheerleaders dance in tight outfits. There is a lot of music on the soundtrack for the hearing impaired. And David Zucker forces the parodies of "Riverdance" and "Titanic". Forcing a parody is nothing new for ZAZ, post "Airplane!" and the series "The Naked Gun". <br /> <br /> And like Siskel, I was sober too, but I was also getting sleepy. This film should be watched again and again by the ill-intentioned customers of the bar who enjoy it by drinking beer, but will they remain alert and awake, or will they faint during difficult times? If they faint, they will not realize happily that they miss the stupidity and the absurdity. Hat to them!
