... and not in a good way. BASEketball is a waste of film in every way. It's offensive for all the senses. It does not bother me, I have already seen a lot of bad movies, very bad movies, and I will see them again. However, BASEketball is a caliber film where you regret losing 90 minutes of life. The reason BASEketball offends me is that it stars Trey Parker and Matt Stone in a movie they did not write. My respect for David Zucker has long since been exhausted. His recent parodic films are lazy disorders that resemble those of prepubertal boys laughing at jokes on the penis. "Airplane" is a revolutionary comedy and very funny. Looking at BASEketball, you will be surprised to discover that they were made by the same person. <br /> <br /> I have a lot of respect for Trey Parker and Matt Stone. These men are the funniest and most intelligent comedians of today's mainstream entertainment. Their images and episodes of South Park are as relevant as they are funny. Every joke, even pet jokes have an intelligence behind them. It's easy to forget that there is a mature way to approach immaturity. I guess BASEketball has been a growing experience for them because they hate the movie for all the right reasons. It's a stupid mess without any sense of dignity or class. Parker and Stone are out of breath. The film plays as a 90-minute episode of Family Guy. <br /> <br /> Parker and Stone have never been big players. They have been helpful in their movies. I do not really find a way to describe their performance in BASEketball, apart from the fact that they have the impression of parodying a parody film parodying a parody movie. Each line is delivered so stupid and flashy. It's as if they are trying to make fun of the worst of these types of images, and yet they are becoming the same. I remember the episode "How to eat with your butt" from South Park, where Cartman is sitting in a movie theater watching a disgusting comedy without any conspiracy or plausibility, except for rude, Parker and Stone use the same voices that they had in this scene for this whole picture. It's really sad. <br /> <br /> And yet, that's not my problem with BASEketball. My biggest complaint is that I sit there knowing that Parker and Stone are knowingly following this crap script. I know that if they took this damn thing and rewrote it, it could have been saved to the point of being watched. There is nothing to indicate that Zucker left them improvised scenes. Parker and Stone are just tools for a bad director. BASEketball has some fun concepts and I think Parker, especially if he was allowed to take the Zuckers script, could have explained them more. Instead, we get potty humor. Do not rent BASEketball, you can have the same bursts of laughter watching a group of school kids laughing
