I gave this film a 5 for pure pity. My intention is not to burst the bubble of anyone, because I saw, flipping through other comments, that this film was very much appreciated by many. Well, it's not worth being praised, and I say that because I've seen the original anime, Basilisk, and that film shames him deeply. Maybe if you see Shinobi alone, you might like it. It's nice because of the well-choreographed battles, based on fantasy rather than martial arts, and I agree that their beauty is profoundly improved. But the story is nothing like the original. Now, I understand that when you turn an anime / manga into a movie, you have to make some changes. I did not expect to see the anime characters in the anime, although they have a well-established role and some are really deep and well-crafted. But I certainly did not expect to see huge and misplaced changes that fundamentally ruin the whole story. Characters mutilated in a dramatic and unethical way, transformed into something that the public might like more, perhaps. For example, Oboro, who, in the anime, is a sweet and innocent girl completely in love with Gennosuke, becomes an avenging clan leader in the movie. I liked the fact that the woman becomes strong and avoids the limitations imposed by the time (we are talking about Japan, 17th century), but her mood changes are incredible and poorly written. Hotarubi, who is one of my favorite characters in the film, but who is not known for her childlike and sensitive nature, becomes a pathetic little girl who is not only madly in love with her anime, but is more or less worthless in the plot. I could go on again and again, as they did Tenzen, the most dangerous and dangerous character of the anime, unusually weak and unattractive, or how Gennosuke, the main character, seems completely misguided and confused, for not not say LOW. The music is beautiful and the image amazing, what was expected of a Japanese movie, and I appreciate that. But do not look at it if you've seen and appreciated Basilisk because he's just hopeless. Basilisk, although based on fantasy, with elements of horror and largely exaggerated, is splendid and has so much more depth in its characters, its scenario, its historical value and it is, if I may say, heartbreaking. Shinobi was a waste of time and I could not believe it was going on after what was to be the climax. Alas, it hurts me to judge a film so hard, but I do not recommend it. Please, watch the anime, or at least watch the movie first, then repair your Basilisk image by watching the anime. Otherwise, you will have a crisis when you realize how they slaughtered him.
