It seems unfortunate that Greta Garbo ended her illustrious career at the age of 36 with this ridiculous marriage of false identity. After the success of her first romantic comedy, "Ninotchka" (1939) by Ernst Lubitsch, where she was ideally presented as an austere Russian ambassador, Garbo is reunited with her main character Melvyn Douglas for a sitcom-level story Karin Borg , a ski instructor in plain-Jane, impulsively married the director of publishing, Larry Blake, when he falls in love with her. Once he said that his work was his priority, Karin inadvertently decided to pose as his twin sister Katherine, very alive, to test the fidelity of her husband on his return to Manhattan. was directed by George Cukor, who drove Garbo to his greatest theatrical performance in "Camille" in 1937, as it is a vehicle as unflattering as one might imagine for the screen legend . Only a person with the natural sense of ease and malice of Carole Lombard could have managed to cope with the shenanigans presented in the numerical numbers scenario of S.N. Behrman, Salka Viertel and George Oppenheimer. MGM's intention behind this comedy was to create a contemporary American image of Garbo's image for a public in wartime who, in the opinion of the studio directors, was not interested in the tragic characters that she has privileged in the thirties. <br /> <br /> Make your life easier as a Katherine party girl and compare it to expert jokers like Douglas and Constance Bennett as a romantic rival, Griselda. Photographed unflattering by Joseph Ruttenberg, Garbo looks tired in many scenes and downright hideous in his hairstyle teased for the chica-choca dance sequence. The story ends in a conventional way, but with the addition of a long physical sequence where Larry tries to maneuver his skis on a series of mountain cliffs that unfortunately reminds me of the death of Sonny Bono. Roland Young and Ruth Gordon (in a rare appearance at this stage of his career) appear in comic supporting roles as Douglas associates. This film is not DVD yet, and I would not consider it a priority because it represents a curiosity in Garbo's legendary career. She would have been quite unhappy during the shoot. I can see why.
