You could be a little confused if you look at this idiot made since the beginning, since the credits mention Susan Dey in the category "Special Guest Star". Why would a unique MOW like this have a star? Well, if you stick to that, you'll only notice Ms. Dey's buttocks, waving a flower bikini like the "House Partridge," a stuffed girl on the beach, to which this imaginative title alludes . Susan's behind is particularly convincing when she shakes her in front of the camera teasing and tickling her pseudo-dissatisfied brother in a slightly incestuous scene. Unfortunately, Susie and his wife are fighting for a losing battle: the jiggle-TV craze that could have put the latter above average was three years, so this pretty booty simply has a support role. In 1976, Fat Freddy Silverman would have put this behind and reportedly used this film as Susan's audition cassette for "Charlie's Angels". As it stands, our Susan was denied the immortality of the cheesecake and had to settle for a laudable career in black and neurotic women. <br /> <br /> The view behind Susan, it must be said, is not very convincing. The scenery is nice and photographed in a weird and fuzzy way, which allows you to think briefly that there might be a bizarre creative intelligence at work behind the camera. Nope. It's simply a 70s TV thriller, which usually challenges viewers to be suspenseful and allows weekly series stars to earn a little more money (and collect cable scraps, though they do not know it at the time) and show their "reach". "Here we are treated like a nuclear family on television, confronted with thugs on TV who can not decide if they are a biker group or a hippie cult (well, filmmakers have divided the difference by placing them in buggies) and I never learned one of the main lessons of 1970s television: do not mess with Dennis Weaver (see "McCloud" and "Duel") The only depth potential in this film lies in the aforementioned character of Steve, his teenage son, played by Kristoffer Tabori, who has long since been forgotten (if we ever remember), who is supposed to be rebellious and troubled and who could feel sympathy and sympathy. attraction to the anarchic mob who (supposedly) threatens his family, but Steve, as played by Tabori (damn it, why did not we see more of this phantasmagorical world?), is not really that grumpy and moody and no is not in conflict with the moment when Big D gets serious and draws a line in the proverbial (and literal) sand. For people who are sleep deprived and Susan Deyniacs (there must be some of you) only.
