When this movie airs on television, you may want to gain about 90 minutes and change channels. There is nothing special here that you must see. The story tells the story of two married couples from Arkansas who travel together on a trip to Reno. The number one couple is Lonnie Earl Dodd (Billy Bob Thornton) who is a car dealer and has problems with his wedding. His wife's name is Darlene (Natasha Richardson). She has low self-esteem and has not been intimate for a long time. Lonnie slept with Candy (Charlize Theron), wife of her best friend Roy Kirkendall (Patrick Swayze). They all drive to Reno and the four of them stay in a luxurious suite. Roy and Candy have tried to have a baby and finally Candy discovers she is pregnant. But Roy calls his doctor in Arkansas and discovers he is sterile. Candy and Lonnie admit their affair and now the whole trip is in chaos. This film is directed by Jordan Brady and he made some other low-budget movies, but this is his first time with such an impressive cast. Unfortunately, Brady does not show much comic talent, but you can not blame him. This script is just not funny and one of the glaring problems is that all the characters are written at the sitcom level. It's not because they all come from the south that they have to be naive and idiots. The Thornton character does not have the sophistication to give the wearer more than a dollar. And throughout the film, Swayze's character is dubious and dumb and one of the few good times is when he asks everyone to leave at least one day. Penelope Cruz appears as a prostitute and it is a cameo totally useless and useless. She speaks just over 3 or 4 lines! I think she fulfilled an obligation to Harvey and Bob Weinstein who are the executive producers of this film. The only person who is not so bad is Richardson. We see her becoming more confident in herself but this plot in the film is very clear and clear. All these actors should know more and it is hard to imagine that they all read the script and loved it. It is a total loss of time for these actors but at least they have been paid. Regarding the viewers, you are not paid, so skip this one!
