Slackers is just another teen movie that is not worth watching. Dave (Devon Sawa), Sam (Jason Segel) and Jeff (Michael C. Maronna) are about to finish their studies at Holden University specializing in lies, cheats and stratagems. The three roommates have proudly made their way through the last four years at school and now, in the final exams, these tall men on campus are about to be caught by the most unlikely guy in the school. 'school. The plot is very stupid and there is no reason to look at it unless you are trying to cut your brain for a little while. Slackers is just a predictable teen movie that adds nothing new to the genre. The comedy in Slackers is either haphazard, but there is not really any real funny or original moment in the movie. It's really just a collection of gags and some are really pretty funny. Although for every joke that works, there are at least eight more left. The scenario is full of jokes about the penis and breasts that some high school students and students can appreciate. Even if they do, they will probably not remember this movie after a while, because it's not a memorable comedy. Jason Schwartzman plays Ethan and, after some appearances in good comedies, he is rather weak. Jaime King and Devon Sawa are the other main stars but they do a rather mediocre job in this movie. This is done by Dewey Nicks and it's his first film so you can not blame him too much. The most funny character was probably Laura Prepon, although she is not very present in the film. The movie is very short (86 minutes), but maybe too much for some people who do not really like that kind of humor. Slackers is not the worst film of 2002 but it is certainly below average. Compared to other movies like this, there's a lot better, like Not Another Teen Movie, American Pie and its sequels, Scary Movie 1 & 2 etc. So, unless you've seen most of them and you're looking for something new then the slackers might do the trick, but it's better if you look at something else. Note 4.3 / 10 A teen comedy below the average that is worth jumping.
