There are a lot of movies that have definite release dates, but that have to be removed from the cast because of a legal snafu, and then put in limbo for a long time. You can only wish that a movie as rotten as "Slackers" stays in a coma for what it is worth, which is minimal. Release dates have been changed continuously for this really awful movie that is so much a beep on the radar it deserves. The premise begins as Ethan, a frightening nerd with a frightening obsession for the campus bomb, Angela. Ethan diabolically asks for the help of David and his friends, who swindle the school with a series of blackmail to help win Angela. I do not like giving spoilers, but I can make an exception for shit like that. Angela cracks for David, Ethan intentionally kisses everything, the good guys win. This is what happens in one word for another tired retread of the raw kind of out of teen. The raw humor is funny, it always goes back to the time of the immortal classic "Animal House", of contemporaries like "There is something of Mary" and "Road Trip" among dozens of others of which there are Too much to mention. But when you use it as a point of conspiracy, you can only go very far, for example, Ethan has a doll Angela composed of his locks of hair which he did not doubt. Nobody wants to take a witness to watch Ethan urinate in the shower while singing for himself. Nobody wants to watch a young man sing "She's going to come around the mountain" with a sock on her penis. But nothing can prepare you for the complete visual assault to see the bomb of the 50s Mamie Van Doren unveil her breasts at the age of 71 years. I do not know if it's the inconsistency of the story, which cuts scenes that make no sense. Director Dewey Nicks was a former fashion photographer, and after watching this film, you can only hope that he will return to the profession. The worst thing you can do about a movie is to give the impression that you're having fun, because you're turning away from your goals, as Slackers do, by burying his plot plot under a pile of coarse gags, vignettes and lack of construction. It's as if a group of students get drunk, pick up their camcorder, pull a random pile of shit and compile it together. If you want to see a teen comedy that is really good, then I suggest "American Pie" and "Animal House", or "Road Trip", just something fun and not terribly bad like "Slackers". Coincidentally, Cameron Diaz makes an appearance in this movie, as she did in another bad movie like "The Sweetest Thing", where the story deals with rude humor as another plot, instead of a similar device to this disaster ... Slackers "in your local video store, keep walking and let him end up at the bottom of the shelf as he deserves.
