I was aware of Rohmer's admiration for the late works of those he considered to be great filmmakers, and that normal viewers were generally considered artistic failures (like the late Renoir or Chaplin films; the "author's policy" also has its dark side). But with "Les Amours d'Astrée and Céladon", it's as if Rohmer himself wanted, for what might be his last film, to perpetuate this tradition of great directors, who made a last senile film, by adapting "L'astrée d'Urfé", with ridiculous aesthetic codes, it looks like a parody of Rosselini's latest films (those he made for television from Descartes or Marx). <br /> <br /> In his version of "Perceval", Rohmer refused to film real landscapes in order to transcribe what could have been a classical representation of the things of the Middle Ages. The director has apparently changed his mind when the 17th century is at stake and actors, dressed as peasants of the 17th century reciting their ancient text surrounded by trees and contemporary landscapes. But everything seems even more ridiculous than Luchini and his fake trees. It's not that the story itself is stupid, but the way Rohmer mixes naturalism with artifice seems so childish and amateurish that it quickly becomes unintentionally funny (and I do not even talk about pronunciation irritating actors, this annoying and sad comedian tries to Rodolphe Pauly, the ridiculous and sweet-erotic tone, the poor musical attempts or the strange fascination for disguise!). <br /> <br /> The radical aesthetic of the film finally gives it the appearance of a joke, soft-erotic film made for television with theological discussions (sic!). At the beginning of the film, Rohmer tells us that the French region of origin is disfigured by modernity and that he has had to shoot "L'Astrée" in other parts of the country. However, I'm sure the film would have seemed more modern and interesting, if Rohmer would in fact have shot the same story in a modern zone with the same narrative codes and artistic decisions. This film may be of interest to some historians, but most moviegoers are likely to laugh at Rohmer's last and sad film.
