Usually, I do not write a comment when there are so many, but this time, I feel obliged. I've already talked about taste in another review, saying that everything was in the viewer's eyes, but when it comes to this movie, if you like it, it just means that you have a bad taste. <br /> <br /> I like movies. I loved "Isle of the Dead", an unknown black and white movie. I even liked "Scream" and "Scary Movie". I liked these films because they have, if not a lot, at least something positive. I enjoy 99.9% of the movies I've seen because they tell a story I've never heard before, and most filmmakers only shoot movies with a good script. Throughout this movie, I thought "Where are you going?" (even towards the end) "Where did they get these terrible actors"? "Was it supposed to be a joke?" and others. With the obvious turn of events, I was skeptical, but I hoped it would "make" the film and prove that I had not wasted my time. I was wrong, unfortunately. The scenario was bad at first and the turn really ruined any ray of hope. Here is an overview: Storyline ?? a bit like the first film that went well, this one is slow and sparse, without relation to the characters or the situations. The situations are laudable, superficial, completely boring and predictable. The turn was terrible, it did not make me feel anything like excitement or WOW. Just "MY GOD". There was nothing in the main thing about which you could go back and think "Oooo was not so smart" because it was not. In "Fight Club", there are flashbacks at the end showing passages where Tyler's true identity was cryptically shown, and when you saw him again, you saw more, it was really a job of genius, how it was written, presented and realized. It was a meaningless attempt for an impressive twist. I think it was "crazy things" that looked like a very bad double twist and I still liked the movie because the rest was OK and we were not trying too hard to be a big twist. It's as if the CI2 writer thought it would be the best turn of the day. But really, it's just a bad story with a bad turn in the end. The film ended almost immediately afterwards, with all the film emptied by Sebastian's entire story, a horrible construction that meant nothing and a horrible pedophile conclusion half-forced with a particularly young and innocent girl. Acting ?? the actors in this film are horrendous. Almost as bad a "Sunset Beach". - Extremely tacky and poorly executed. It's not even bad, it's like "Hunk". The worst role I thought was from Amy Adams playing Kathryn, it was a rigid, pathetic and ill-conceived performance on her part. Robin Dunne was also poor. I have not seen "American Psycho II" yet, but his cool "cool" style has also ruined this movie. <br /> <br /> I can not even say it's a good movie for teens, as it is not. If my son or daughter loved this film, I would be ashamed. But they would not do it anyway, because they would take into consideration everything that makes a good film, what this film does not have. Really. I'm disappointed that some people said "you might not be in the age range of this movie and do not like it so much", I like all the movies now that I loved as a teenager and that I had a very good taste. Also, do you really think that when you turn 20 or older, you do not like stories as a teenager anymore? No, I liked "Mean Girls" and other teen movies and always watched "Beverly Hills 90210". I'm afraid there is no excuse for a poor staging, scenario and scenario. In addition, I was 16/17 when I watched it for the first time. On the contrary, being older makes you a better judge of a terrible movie. I can not believe anyone can give 10/10 either, one of my favorite movies is "Memento" and I gave it to 9 because I know there can be better. It's a shame for this site that people do this, give away 10s or do not get the movies / shows, and so give 2. <br /> <br /> Anyone who liked this movie must really vary, and maybe their life, and with that, realize that this is the worst movie of all time. (worse than "Loch Ness") <br /> <br /> If you are not a teenager in bad taste, or just bad taste, you will absolutely hate this movie.
