Normally, I'm not so strict about the sequels, especially if the first movie is well done and was ultimately a good movie. In 1999, I felt that one of the five most popular films was Cruel Intentions. There was everything a good movie should have except for an original story, being adapted from a novel, it was still good. On To Cruel Intentions 2, which was supposed to be just the beginning of a series based on the manchester prep movie. Which must not have happened. In fact, after seeing this trifle of film, I can understand. Before the thing started, I was like at least author and director Roger Kumble also did this one. Well 1 minute in this movie, I was disappointed. It starts with a repetition of the opening of the original with a different twist. Sebastien instead of putting the nude photo of the girl of the miniature on the net, he puts the woman of the director of schools in the directory of the school. It would have been nice if the lady was not 50 years old. And basically, the rest of the movie is a wannabe copy of the original. What I understand, if there is nothing wrong with leaving it as is. But you can not do that with a movie. This being a prequel, I gave him a chance to see how they turned out as in part 1. But with Sebastian being more or less just a joker and Kathryn being herself and making Sebastian the sexual predator he was in the true story, this movie was unfounded. Whoever did the casting on this thing was very far away. They could have at least tried to recruit people who looked like the original cast, but no, they just hired a group of actors who are not even really handsome. I use this term although I do not know why. They certainly have not done in this film. <br /> <br /> All this film is a group of liners that do not even match the spirit that the original had, in fact, some of them did, but from Part 1. Another The downside was that in the first part you could understand the need for them to act to get attention because their parents were not involved, but they were misused, as if to show why kids are like that. It did not work well. The best thing about the original, though, is that the cast had a chemistry that brought you into this world. The tension on the screen that was there made the movie what it was. This thing really ruins the experience of the first to stay away from it.
