Cruel Intentions 2 is really horrible, I mean ultra-bad. The words can not explain how bad it is, but I will try anyway. <br /> <br /> The plot of Cruel Intentions 2 is very similar to the first movie. Sebastian (Robin Dunne) is fired from a private school and is forced to move to New York. There, he decides to make a new start and just a life, a normal life and settle down. Unfortunately, his sister-in-law Kathryn (Amy Adams) wants to drag him away. Sebastain begins to fall in love with Danielle (Sarah Thompson), the innocent daughter of the principal of the school. Kathryn wants Sebastain to sleep with the whole school that has been described as a "house of a bitch". Kathryn also wants to take revenge on Cherie (Keri Lynn Pratt), who humiliated her at the school assembly. Kathryn wanted to make the rookie the biggest bitch of the school, a sub-plot similar to that of the first movie. <br /> <br /> Cruel Intentions 2 is basically a canceled TV show, which has been turned into a previous movie. There are so many problems with the film. It's badly written, not funny and badly played. Fortunately for Amy Adams, the show never took off because she is now a pretty big actress. While Cruel Intentions had a sense of realism and we could see it unfolding in the real world, Cruel Intentions 2 is in the sitcom landscape and described on amazon.co.uk as a playful version of Saved by the Bell. There were some dark themes about sex and drug use in the first movie, but in Cruel Intentions 2, we were trying to make the movie fun, but some of the movie's ideas should not be, for example Kathryn having an adventure with a teacher. Other ideas do not work, like the secret society where all the popular children meet to discuss the fall of other students. The film also had a major problem of sexualized 15/16 years old. I know that teenagers have sex, sometimes a lot, but are treated very seriously when they are filmed or televised. A well-known feeling was when Daneille encouraged Cherie (who is about 14 years old in the movie) to simulate sex on the back of a horse to the point of reaching an orgasm. The idea of ​​turning a girl around 14/15 into a slut suits me perfectly, and should not become a subject of comedy. The jokes of the movie fall flat, be it a verbal gag of the style 'she's going to wet everything when she sees you' at a visual gag where Sebastian pushes Kathryn face first into the mud. <br /> <br /> There is a lot wrong with this film, in which I do not have time to go, but I say that it should be avoided. Just look at Cruel Intentions, although it is not a classic film, but remains a worthy film and deals well with the subject. <br /> <br /> This film is a wet dream of a pervert, because schoolboys have a lot of sex with each other. .
