The worst movie of all time is a statement that people here on IMDb often throw. Whether it's a film by Uwe Boll, bad classics like Manos The Hands Of Fate or Michael Bay's latest brainless action festival, people are eager to abandon the sudden conclusion that they show on the board that they are not worse in the world of cinema. <br /> <br /> I envy these people because they are completely ignorant and ignorant of the depth of the rabbit's making shit movies. There are films that are so bad, so hideous, so unintentionally hilarious and so ridiculous that sects form around them to celebrate their horror and that their discussion forums are the nicest places on the Internet, because everyone is agree that this movie is really so bad. <br /> <br /> Ladies and gentlemen, this is Ben and Arthur, an 85-minute gay epic that is so terrible that it looks a lot like a violent car accident. You know it's awful, but you can not stop looking at it. The idea of ​​self proclaimed "Hollywood actor, director" and beach whale Sam Mraovich, this film is legendary. Let me give you an idea of ​​how this project was driven by the ego. Mr. Mraovich did not only realize this film, he wrote it, produced it, the executive produced it, scored it, edited it and finally played in this film. It is a man so blinded by his own ego and who believes so much in his non-existent genius that he does not recognize, in the manner of a very ugly child, how his bastard creation is catastrophic. <br /> <br /> Everything in this film fails at the epic level, the acting is the worst you can ever see, the plot is the most ridiculous, editing and cinematography are the most amateur and even the Music is like nails on the board. I'm aware that I took a bit of tangency here, but please, believe me this movie is really as bad as I describe it, I would say that this movie is a horse shit crushed in a reel of film, but the truth is that it was not even filmed on a movie, it was filmed on a digital camcorder not much better than the one sitting in your closet picking up dust. Do not get me wrong, I forgive modest budgets for movies, as long as the concept is interesting. For example, as much as I did not like it, the Blair Witch project proved that low budgets can still lead to an atmospheric film. Ben and Arthur do not have a good concept to rely on, even if this film was shot on a budget of $ 20 million with the best Hollywood actors, it would still be nil, the plot is also atrocious and the characters are even worse. One of the main characters, Arthur, played by Sam Mraovich, is one of the most sordid little scoffers ever put into a movie. You will not like it in the 5 minutes following the beginning of the film and, at the end of the film, this hatred will become an outright hatred. Apparently, Mr. Mraovich forgot that we were supposed to fight for the hero. <br /> <br /> I do not want to ruin all the hilarity that you will have watching this movie (which I urge you not to pay because) so I will give you two tamed examples of the stupidity of this film, to tame and sweet, as one of the least offensive mistakes of the film. In an excerpt, one of the main characters says: "They know a good lawyer and call him", the shot disappears and then remakes and this LU, which they talked about earlier, is actually a woman, a spectacular mistake to make in post -production I think. The second is simple: a few seconds after seeing this transsexual lawyer, the characters are ordered to fly to Vermont. We then take the picture of a plane that lands in the middle of palm trees in a sunny area. I have never been to Vermont personally, but I am sure you will not find any palm trees there. <br /> <br /> Imagine this kind of stupid amateur incoherence that lasts almost an hour and a half, combined with ridiculous dialogue. and plots and multiply it by 10 and it will not always prepare you completely for Ben and Arthur. Imagine the worst movie you've seen in your life and imagine it's even worse and you're still not at the same level as Ben and Arthur, this movie is so bad. <br /> <br /> However we should be happy in a certain way, movies like this are a real rarity. They give us hope that one day we will be able to become filmmakers or that we will be writers. Simply because we will have regained our confidence because we will know that nothing we produce, no matter how good our amateur, can be as festive as this one. <br /> <br /> The Real The worst film of all time was finally discovered, his name is Ben and Arthur.
