Oh man, what was Sam Mraovich thinking about? What was someone who was involved in this "film thought"? Mraovich is at the head of almost every role of "Ben and Arthur": director, screenwriter, producer (also EXECUTIVE producer!), Founder, main star - name it, he did it. And he (Mraovich) aspires more than anyone else has ever aspired to in every department of filmmaking. <br /> <br /> So what's wrong with this movie? All. The film is about two gay lovers, Ben (Jamie Brett Gabel) and Arthur (Mraovich- * groan *). Ben and Arthur want to get married in a world where everyone hates homosexuals. To make matters worse, Ben's crazy ex-wife (they do not divorce exactly), Tammy (Julie Belknap) is furious that Ben left her for another man and asks Ben to get together (saying that she can be gay too!) and Arthur's devoted Christian, excessively hypocritical, just as keen as Tammy's brother Victor, is determined to force Arthur to turn around and try to kill him after he gets caught. to turn from his church. /> The movie is really a block with so many blunders (eg Ben and Arthur fly to Vermont to get married - they go on Alaska Airlines and Vermont has palm trees, they come back in a FedEx cargo plane - hopefully they were comfortably in a wooden crate, and many more) and holes in the hole (Victor calls Arthur killing "The Final Plan" which later becomes "The Last Act"; Arthur and the private detective (internal) drive the same vehicle, blah, blah, blah). The "actors" are all very bad and are really overwhelmed; the scenario is ridiculously horrible (one of these examples is "I do not make sense, you do not make sense, I make sense, it's the one that makes sense!") and there's so much more problems with the "movie" than I can Do not write them all. <br /> <br /> However, the most laughable but also incredible thing about "Ben and Arthur" is that Sam Mraovich thinks he created something really fantastic (see his fake comments for "Ben & Arthur" and some comments obvious to him on YouTube.) Mraovich is narcissistic and his arrogance prevents him from seeing how awful his name is. <br /> <br /> So, to wrap up, forget every bad movie you claim to be the worst movie of all time- "Ben and Arthur" will hit them far away from that title, even Paris Hilton movies look like "The Dark Knight" compared to the monstrosity known as "Ben and Arthur".
