I do not know what would have led Sam Mraovich to believe that this project would have been worthwhile. Ben & Arthur is one of the worst movies ever made. In fact, I do not see why he should not be in the top 100. Even though I have not seen, for example, SuperBabies: Baby Geniuses 2 (the fifth at the time of publication), I would guess that this film is considerably better than this oozing wound, because even in its dull apathy, at least Baby Geniuses 2 was professionally manufactured. On the other hand, everything and everything I want to say, in this film is absolutely not professional. <br /> <br /> The film is an attack against the supposed fanaticism and hatred of the Christian right against homosexuals. And I insist on "intended". Not only does it fail completely and completely, but it also leaves an ugly scar. Instead of drawing a realistic and convincing portrait of a homosexual couple's struggle against a society that is largely opposed to them, it creates tired and rude stereotypes of each party involved. Ben and Arthur, the eponymous couple, are described as two rough, sexually hungry, hopelessly romantic cutouts that marry when laws change to allow them to do so. This meets the opposition of Ben's brother, Victor, a Christian minister who, like all Christians (as we would like to believe this film), is noisy, indiscreet, stupid and violent. He tries to kill Ben and Arthur after his relationship with him gets him fired from the ministry. Just like in real life. And if you think it's awful (that's right), you have not seen it all. <br /> <br /> The actors (?) Arrive here to completely destroy any vestige of credibility of this film by saying their aftershocks as if they were telling a video of family comedy YouTube. But even Daniel Day-Lewis and Marlon Brando, as main characters, would not have been able to save this clunker, because there would always be a problem of dialogue completely insane and provoking the laugh that fills every minute of the film. Each scene has at least one clumsy or misplaced quote. For example, in a scene, Victor tries to complain about not being able to have nieces or nephews because of his brother's homosexuality. But instead of describing this idea clearly, he spits the stupid, completely confusing and sibilant line: "You know what, I'm never going to have nieces or nephews, all right, because you're so f *** ED UP! "<br /> <br /> The total absence of production values ​​is even more glaring. Yes, I know it's not The Dark Knight, but even amateur filmmakers should know some basics about special effects and editing. For example, six dots of red cake dye are not enough for realistic gunshot wounds. People do not teleport in a room between two takes. And objects do not fall in front when they are shot! <br /> <br /> Do not waste your money on Ben & Arthur. I do not care if you are 7, 17 or 107 years old. I do not care if you are gay, straight, bisexual or undecided. I do not care if you're "just curious". I do not care about the pathetic reason why you may be tempted to buy this manure. Stay away, far away. The only quality that redeems this film is its ability to be used as a frisbee.
