Damn this movie was bad. I looked at it like a joke. It's not even so bad that it's unintentionally good. This film seemed to be designed to make me personally angry. It worked very well. It's as if the people who created this had just taken all that was really annoying about the movie PRIEST, to add it to a bunch of ugly dudes, to release something interesting, funny, or even sexy and clever, then add in a pile of old rotten cheese. That's all it is. Cheese. There is not a single person to whom this movie could possibly connect. There is no universe in which this film can unfold. Why can not a movie like this be just enjoying life and being happy? Why did they have to make this idea stupid for a movie even more ridiculous than it already is? Why could not they at least try to make an acceptable movie, or even a B movie. Now that I think about it, what were they trying to do with this movie? I watched him expect me to have a love affair and instead had a boring student project about an idiot who must find the strength and courage to marry his boyfriend while his boring Christian brother tried to destroy everything !!! No, I'm not kidding. That's what it's about. Does it sound good? This film is quite ignorant of people of the Christian religion, because it is stereotypical to say that all Christians are strong, rude and eager to make as many people as miserable as possible. I know that many Christians would never speak and behave like these monsters. However, the film is just as unfair and ignorant on the part of the gay community. This is probably the most tasteless homosexual man stereotyped since the radio man of this video game ROADKILL. It's so annoying and irritating to the point that I have not been able to pay close attention to this movie. The manufacturers of this wreckage train had no strategy in terms of scenography, action, camera angles, lighting, scenario, authenticity or the idea of ​​making it entertaining or interesting. There is not even one sex scene, or at least not credible. Jamie Brett Gabel was the only guy in the movie to look good, but his beauty was sadly hurt. It's a garbage can. In a perfect world, this film would be voted 0.0. It's worth 0 as a movie alone. A mentally handicapped, blind, deaf nun with tiny bones for the arms and legs and an underarm face could write, direct and produce a better movie, and she would probably be a better actor too. the fact that this film exists is a crime against the word "film" itself. This film is so bad that other films should be ashamed to be available in the same format. I could put a broom on a chair, then save it with a camera, then stop the film and replace it with a x-mas mini-tree, then save and I've already made a movie that will always be better than BEN & ARTHUR by at least half. There are only two things worse than death. Torture and observation of BEN & ARTHUR. I am a homosexual and I will probably be the happiest person you meet if you meet me, and I do not think I have ever been more offended by an entire film than by the first five seconds of this film. movie alone. If this movie was a mistake, I will personally find a way to change the famous phrase "It's OK to make mistakes" in "It's OK to make mistakes, unless this mistake is BEN & ARTHUR." You know how people always say things like, "Good things come from everything!" I think that BEN & ARTHUR was mainly invented so that there is something on this earth of which nothing good would ever come out. Calling this movie the worst film I have ever seen would be giving it too much credit. It's as if this movie was designed to fit into a category of its own. There are good movies, there are bad movies, then there is BEN & ARTHUR. It's BEN AND ARTHUR.
