Intrigued by the synopsis (each gay video has a piece on the cover, this does not have to be interpreted as a good sign) I bought BEN AND ARTHUR without knowing anything about it. This is my second purchase (and I assure you this will be my last) purchase of a CULTURE Q CONNECTION video. As far as I'm concerned, this DVD is nothing but a flagrant scam. I do not make this observation lightly ?? I am an important collector of videos, gays and the general public, and I can say with some authority and without hesitation that BEN AND ARTHUR is simply the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. Period. My collection includes more than 1,600 films (93% of which are DVDs), of which more than 300 are devoted to gays and lesbians. I do not own nearly all the gay movies ever made, but I'm quite comfortable saying that I buy just about every video of interest that comes out and that, very often, I buy videos without knowing anything about the film. Sometimes it's a pleasant surprise - Aimee & Jaguar, it's in the water, Urbania and Normal are all examples of great gay titles that I stumbled upon. So, when I read on the box that BEN AND ARTHUR concerned a conflict between gay lovers and the Christian right, one of my favorite subjects, I decided to take the step, despite my purchase, previously disappointing, of another title of CULTURE Q CONNECTION, VISIONS. PLUMS OF SUGAR. This movie was pretty bad, but compared to BEN AND ARTHUR, it looked like GONE WITH THE WIND. So, what was wrong with BEN AND ARTHUR? A lot! For starters, the "plot" as it was was totally ridiculous. This film almost made me sympathetic to the Christian right ?? we are asked to believe not only that a church would expel a member because his brother is gay, but that a priest would actually organize a performance of a gay couple in the crowd style in order to save their soul (as if it made sense). The writing is so mediocre that many scenes are meaningless, and many points in the plot do not reflect any logic, tracking, or connection to the story. Murder and violence seem to be acceptable ends for the conflict between gay activist and right on both sides, and the actor is so bad that it's hard to imagine how anyone in this film was hired. The characters who are supposed to be heterosexual are almost without exception clearly homosexual stereotypes and nelly. homosexual characters are neither sexy nor interesting. This film is enough to deter anyone from buying gay-themed videos forever, and distributors should be ashamed of themselves. The only advantage of this image compared to my other purchase with CULTURE Q Connection, VISIONS OF SUGARPLAMS, is that it has a soundtrack with a clear dialogue. This is hardly a distinction, because the script is so tasteless that its understanding only serves to make you aware of the seriousness of this film. It is an embarrassment for queer culture and I intend to warn anyone I can before they waste their money on it. At $ 9.95, this movie would have been way too expensive; I understand that the price will soon be under $ 20, which is STILL a road trip. I paid the initial price of $ 29.95 and I never felt more cheated in my life. The only real laugh about this subject is the comments ?? I have seen "user reviews" for this movie on many websites, and there are always one or two that "praise" the director / writer / actor in such a way that it is obvious that the critic is a friend of this aspiring Ed Wood. How sad. How desperate. I would like IMDb to allow you to assign zero stars - or even minus zero. If ever a film deserved it, that's it.
