If there was a movie that deserved a 0 out of 10, that would be good. "House of the Dead" redefines the term "bad film". Other bad movies, such as "When A Stranger Calls" or "Premonition", will actually be much better compared to "House of the Dead". House of the Dead's "conspiracy" is a group of twenty-year-olds traveling to an isolated island to witness "the praise of the century". Once there, they find only tents, a bar, a scene and bloody t-shirts. They still decide to stay and are quickly attacked by zombies. <br /> <br /> This film has absolutely nothing that redeems. It's not funny. Instead, it is painful to watch because of the gravity of the situation. The acting is incredibly bad. In a DVD interview, one of the actors claimed that Uwe Boll, the director, was not afraid to tell someone when he was doing a good job or doing a bad job in a scene. It's a blatant lie. The scenario seems to have been written by an 11-year-old, who decided to include a scene showing a person throwing up on a girl's chest and including the hilarious line: "It smells like someone one had farted here. " The characters have neither personality nor depth and do some of the most stupid things ever seen in a horror movie. Somewhere along the way, the characters also turn into a SWAT team to eliminate the zombies. It's like they do not even have to aim and shoot the zombies automatically in the head. <br /> <br /> The scariest thing by far in this film is the realization. There is something wrong with Uwe Boll. Boll's work is amazingly disjointed. His zombie pans that cross the forest are more stupid than threatening. Even worse, Boll actually thought it would be a good idea to include in the film small pieces of the House of the Dead video game. Quite often, and at the most random moments, you will suddenly see a zombie get shot. It does not mean anything. Nobody in their minds would think it was a good idea. It's as if Boll wanted to remind us over and over that this movie is supposed to be video game based. Uwe Boll also decided that it would be interesting to include 360-degree rotating shots during action scenes at the "Matrix". Unfortunately, he does it all too often and every shot is nauseating. The soundtrack of this film is also breathtaking. Most action scenes are accompanied by a strong rap track. This is in addition to the headaches caused by the atrocious "House of the Dead". <br /> <br /> "The House of the Dead" is not bad because it is based on a video game. In fact, it has very little to do with video games. It does not fit into the category of "so bad it's good". This, however, falls into the category of "so bad that it is painful". This film is really bad. Uwe Boll should never be left near another set. Even his presence will curse a production. To all filmmakers: Whenever one of your movies gets a bad review, just remember that you have not done "House of the Dead" and you will feel a lot better. I will never find those 90 minutes of my life. To summarize, words can not really describe how bad this movie is. Everyone involved in the production of this film, especially Uwe Boll, should be ashamed of themselves. Although what I said could make the "House of the Dead" funny, this is really not the case. Nothing is funny Avoid it at all costs.
