Okay, so I'm not a big fan of video games, but was House of the Dead really famous enough to make a movie? Of course, they have gone as far as staging short excerpts of video games throughout the film, as if to justify any violent scene, but there are dozens and dozens of games that look alike, with the hand in the lower Screen, supposedly to you, holding any weapon and walking all kinds of aliens, undead or snipers or whatever the case may be. <br /> <br /> It's an interesting place in House of the Dead, with a lot of college students (CHARGED college students, so to speak, kids who are able to pay a fisherman about $ 1,500 just for a ride after missing their boat) trying to get to this island for what is supposed to be the year. The first thing that comes to my mind after watching House of the Dead is that it has become increasingly clear that modern horror films are just an exercise in finding creative ways to attract many teenagers just dressed in the same situations. At least in this case, the fact that they are heading for a rave excuses the way girls are dressed. They look very uncomfortable running in the woods in pretty little halters, but at least they thought they were dressed for the occasion. <br /> <br /> Clint Howard, the most interesting character of the film by far, delivers an absolutely horrible performance, the magnitude of which eclipses all the other actors of the film. I can not stand that famous actors change their focus in movies, it's so rarely effective, and Howard shows here that it's just as plain to have a known actor claiming to be a hardened fisherman with a hoarse voice years of breathing salty air. He did not even shredded well. He looked like he was eating a cinnamon roll before shooting and accidentally inhaled powdered sugar or something like that. Very difficult, Clint! I was expecting more from him, but again, he agreed to participate in this mess. <br /> <br /> Once on the island, the film turns temporarily into one of the movies on Friday the 13th that took place at Camp Crystal Lake. Many teenagers played by actors who were too old to be naked and then killed. The nudity was impressive, I suppose, but let's consider something for a minute. These kids pay almost two thousand dollars to go to this island and go to the Rave of the Year, find nobody, and say, well, who wants a beer! Even the guy who pulled out that pile of hundreds of dollars from his wallet to send them all over there did not think they'd found a full bar and not a solitary person in sight. Here you have the contribution of director Uwe Boll - There is alcohol! They will not notice that the feast for which they came is no one but themselves! <br /> <br /> So, not only do they start drinking, regardless of the fact that all the party seems to have left the island, but when one of the girls goes into the dark woods to find out where everything the world is (dragging another girl and one of the guys reluctantly), the guy and the girl who stay behind to get screwed decide that it would be a good idea to undress for a quick shot now that they are alone. It's as if they were expecting to find the island empty, and now that they are resting the people with whom they came have disappeared a little while, they would have some privacy because there to no one else. Brilliant! <br /> <br /> Now, let's get down to the things everyone hated, judging by the reviews I read about the movie. Yes, interweaving video game plans in the movie, mainly to show that, yes, the movie was faithful to / directly copying the video game. Of course, it was a stupid idea. I can not imagine who imagined this little nugget, but even worse, it's the Matrix-style ball scenes that have been projected over and over again and again. After the first time (at a time when I found pretentious and corny for a film like this one to have a shot like this one as if it were something original), we notice it more for the technique of blow himself that for any dramatic sense or creation of any kind of tension for the film. <br /> <br /> One of the things that makes a scary zombie movie that puts you on the edge of your seat is to bring them slowly but relentlessly after humans are much faster but tired, to short of spaces to run and with a terrifying shortage of ways to fight the zombies. The first two are well done in the film, the children are terrified and do not have many places to run since they are on an island, but since they caught a smuggler, they find themselves heavily armed. And I think it very hard. I mean, these people have everything from machine gun to hand grenades, which removes almost all the tension of the imminent undead. <br /> <br /> Then you have what I call the techno-slasher scene. Since the rave never arrived and Uwe Boll thought that people would be disappointed not to hear techno music in the film, there is a scene in the middle where all humans are fighting against the undead, and surprisingly enough it turns into a kind of music video. There is techno music while the shots are mounted together faster and faster until there is only a blur of blood shooting, most of the time only about 5 pictures (about 1 / 6 of a second) flashing on the screen at the rhythm of technology techno music. Clever, I suppose, but it has no place in a horror movie, because it completely removes any feeling of fear or tension, even the effect of brutality, because you can not see anything long enough to react. You just watch these pictures scroll down on the screen and you wonder what the hell the director thought when he decided that it would be a good idea to put something like this in the movie. <br /> <br /> I have seen many people compare this movie to Resident Evil, claiming for the most part that it reproduces the principle, and they are absolutely right. I appreciate that at least here, as was not the case in Resident Evil, it was not a man-made virus that turned people into undead that could infect other people, transforming them in the same way that vampires transform others into vampires. 28 Days Later was also clearly an inspiration for this film, it's a shame that House of the Dead did not do anything original, except for the silly idea of ​​staging the video game on which it is based, just in case you forget. I really think it should have been a much better movie. Although I obviously can not say that I know a lot about the game on which it is based, only the title and the movie poster deserve a much better movie, but unfortunately, I think it's more often the case that for horror movies. It's really a bit sad to see a film that is so clearly presented as a flawless horror film, and the scariest thing about the whole film is the closing shot that suggests the possibility of a sequel. .
