Lynn Hollister, a lawyer from a small town, goes to the big city nearby for business related to the death of her friend Johnny. (Yes, Lynn is a man despite his Christian name.) Did the writers try to make a sneaky reference to the fact that John Wayne's birth name was "Marion"?) Hollister initially thought Johnny's death had been an accident, but soon realized that Johnny was murdered. Other investigations reveal a network of corruption, criminality and electoral rigging linked to Boss Cameron, leader of the city's political machine. <br /> <br /> It looks like a plot of a cruel police thriller, possibly made in the movie noir style that was starting to become popular in 1941. That's not the case. "A betrayed man", despite his theme, is more like a light romantic comedy than a crime drama. Hollister falls in love with Cameron's seductive daughter, Sabra, and the film focuses on both the resulting romance and the elements of suspense. <br /> <br /> This film might have worked if it had been shot seriously. drama. One critic said that John Wayne was not at all credible as a lawyer, but that he could not play the role of a cowboy in all films, and that a tough crusade lawyer attacking organized crime forces would probably have been within reach. I agree with this critic when he says that Wayne was not an imitator of Cary Grant. The romantic comedy was just not in his street. One of the weaknesses of the studio system is that actors may have to play the role their boss demands from them, whether they are on the street or not, and as Wayne was one of the main stars working for Republic Pictures They probably wanted him to earn as much mileage as possible. <br /> <br /> That said, even Cary Grant himself could not have made "A Man Betrayed" a comedy. This is not a reflection on his comic skills; it's a reflection on the total lack of fun material in this film. I doubt that anyone, even if their sense of humor is developed, can find something to laugh about. The light tone of the film does not make it a successful comedy. it just prevents you from taking it seriously. It's one of those films that are neither fish, nor flesh, nor poultry, nor good red herring. 3/10
