First, I did not know anything about "labyrinths and monsters" before looking at them. I had no knowledge of the roleplaying controversy behind it, nor of the fact that it was a film specifically designed for television. When I looked at the cover (that of the updated DVD), I seriously thought it would be another fantasy adventure like "Legend", with Tom Hank in the role of the nerdy hero of the 1980s in a mythical world to save a princess from a devilish labyrinth filled with monsters. Sounds exciting, does not it? That's what the cover suggests to you at first glance. This film was offered to me as a gift, obviously under the same principle, because my aunt knows that I am in action movies on the theme of medieval myth. And there is Tom Hanks, one of my favorite actors. So I showed up this film, expecting a good movie with Tom Hanks in a world of 80's special effects that would be good for laughs. <br /> <br /> No! None of this happens. Now, before continuing, I'll admit that I'm a nerd, but role-playing games do not interest me. That's all this movie is about, so my interest in the content is lukewarm at best. And M & M (copyright infringement?) Is not even a good role-playing movie with adorable geeks who use his imagination to enter a great world. No! It's an anti-role film that must have been done by religious (the same ones who also think that Barney is the work of Satan.) I understand, Satan is a cunning boy but I do not think he's hopeless enough for the soul to sleep RPG lovers. This film is THEE anti-gamer movie. That's what I get from this movie: he hates role-plays and does not just make fun of people who play role-playing, but he makes poor Tom Hanks mentally ill. <br /> <br /> Tom had an excuse to Talk to a volley ball in 'Castaway', the poor guy was alone, but Tom was laughing at his craziness and you literally saw volleyball as an adorable character thanks to his good acting. I wish I watched this movie instead. In this film, Tom is attacked by an imaginary dragon creature (she looks like a poorly made mascot for a roleplaying team) and has a dual personality that is at best terrifying. Tom's game simply goes beyond that to make you feel bad for his character and nothing else. I realize that the poor guy has lost his brother and is not right in the head because of this, so the film earns points to be intentionally tragic. I'm not one to use films that exploit mental illness and the end of the movie 'M & M' made me feel like I was at the peak. Fortunately, I then watched "Hudson Hawk" and laughed until my soul was crushed more. Yah, 'HH' exceeds 'M & M' by. . . a lot! This is not one of Tom's best movies. In fact, it's the most depressing movie I've ever seen (Even "Saving Private Ryan" is not depressing). I hoped to watch a good movie and ended up feeling exactly the opposite. If you want to watch a sad movie (emotionally and visually), then look at it absolutely. If this film is to convey a message, it is this: "Do not play RPG if you are a cuckoo for Coco-Puffs."
