The psychology of this movie is really weird to try to understand. It's often presented as an anti-RPG movie, but it's really not that simple. Here are some apparent contradictions that make me wonder what they are trying to say about the game. They painfully introduce all the characters of the family life as an introduction, all having parents. who are divorced, alcoholic and totally disconnected from their lives, except for the times when they force them to press for success. Tom Hanks is probably the worst off, he just failed in another school and still has a brother who has disappeared and may be dead. <br /> <br /> It is mentioned several times that they play the game to solve real problems. And of course, in the end, when they go to see Robbie (Hanks), they are all happy and well adjusted, start an adult career, solve their problems, put the games back in place (Daniel does not even want to conceive a computer, no more games), and even Robbie's mother, who is constantly drunk and unsatisfied, is suddenly the Happy Homemaker, looking for fresh, bright, flowing flowers. <br /> <br /> Of course, JJ suddenly decides (and all gaily, it seems) to commit suicide, but the reason seems to be quite because he is a lonely genius who can not have of appointments, not because of his character dies, as in the famous Jack Chick's flyer (which happens anyway, and it almost looks like he's doing it on purpose so he can end it Daniels' game and everyone comes in. In fact, the role of real-life role-playing in the caverns seems to be the only thing that keeps him from killing himself!) And in what may be the The coolest table scene of all the movie, Kate, very attractive in her chain mail, looks towards the camera and says something like: "The scariest monsters are the ones we think." <br /> <br /> The greatest fantasy element of this film is the two attackers who miss the rich couple to steal his magic beans. The recurring theme (a "way we were" for the 80s) might have been poignant in the end, but as a way to launch a movie is downright depressing and seems out of place. And for one last mystery, our hero, dressed in his complete costume, has a psychotic break, becomes his character completely and embarks on his quest. So of course, his first thing to do is to change into 20-century dress. <br /> <br /> The film may be irrational, but I suppose it deals with an irrational subject. At that time, a group of children with dice and pencils was considered corrupt and possibly possessed, and you could go crazy if you told them about their gibberish. The anti-gambling paranoia is summed up in the first scene, where the reporter asks the cop what's happening, the cop says that kids are lost in the tunnels and that Mazes and Monsters may be involved. The journalist admits to being vaguely familiar with the game (even if he lets his own children play it), then turns to the camera to reveal a polite episode that blames the game for everything and admits no other explanation. In the end, it is not a masterpiece, but interesting in terms of movies designed for television.
