A few weeks ago, the German broadcaster "SAT1" announced that this film was "the televised event of the year" - sorry, but I saw better things on television this year. <br /> <br /> I thought a lot about the movie but I quickly remembered two other horrible movies when I watched the ad - namely Titanic and Pearl Harbor because the picture looked so familiar: " the heroine "(if I can really call her that) in the middle and she's two" close "next to her - Pearl Harbor, someone? In fact, this love affair is a poor man's version of Pearl Harbor's, and it was already poor! <br /> <br /> But as I like watching movies and analyzing their habits, I finally decided to look at this waste. The film begins with a doctor who leaves his family for the military strike against Russia towards the end of the Third Reich, promising his wife that he will return. Turning now to the spring of 1948, Germany lost the war, the allies and Russia conquered the country. They are both trying to eliminate each other for world power and their ideologies: capitalism against communism. Well, I guess you already know the story because you have to know it. The film does not really bother with her and literally gets angry about historical facts. The film tries to portray the US government as angels and completely ignores the contribution of other countries during the airlift, especially Britain, which was responsible for nearly a quarter of the rations while their country was bombed by a country they were trying to help. <br /> <br /> What was also quite annoying were the historical remarks that people told in the film, such as when the mother of the heroine told her daughter that Germany could be separated into two with a response like, "It's impossible!" Or when Stalin (where the director thought we were holding the same mustache to the actor and he looked like him) said that Russia must prevent "Coca Cola" from spreading in Germany. Yeah, if Stalin has already said something like that. Or there is this American pilot who tells his companion a bread with meat and all that is possible in it - please! Burgers were invented in this way before that date. <br /> <br /> In the movie, you once see a map showing the airlines. Curiously, the map seems to come directly from a laser printer - in 48. The American General Lucius Clay, whose main idea was to stay in Berlin, is described as a mean and grumpy guy. All the ideas he had historically had, such as the airlift and the improvement of this idea, came from the fictional character Phillip Turner, the interest of the lead actress who brings me to other aspects: not enough African American soldiers in the film, there were two in the whole movie! Moreover, the relations between American soldiers and German civilians were not allowed and, by revealing such relations, the American soldier would have been sent home. I do not mean that there was no relationship at all, but in this film, there was a couple that was almost married, if it was not for the death of the pilot in his fake CGI plane, which seemed terribly unrealistic, especially the fire CGI! <br /> <br /> If it was not enough to say that all Americans in this film spoke German without accent although they were in Germany only for a few months - look, I'm also an American living in Germany as a whole life and even I have a little accent. The child playing the role of actor was also particularly bad - the children had two expressions on their faces: "Normal-I-like-monotonous-as-a-robot" and a smile. <br /> <br /> The film was as a whole. boring from beginning to end, moving too slowly, especially the love story that was the same as Pearl Harbor with only half of the dialogue. The sad part is that the movie was very successful - 8.97 million people watched the first part and 7.83 million the second part the next day, thus giving SAT1 two consecutive wins on the overall market share and a huge victory in the relevant trading group. But as I always think: the biggest pile of toads is where the most flies go.
