First, I must mention that I really enjoyed the previous ISHII Katsuhito film "Samehada Otoko at Momojiri Onna" ("Shark Skin Man and Peach Hip Girl"). Although he was indebted to Tarentino's Pulp Fiction, Ishii's cast was up to the task of carrying the story, and the entire film was teeming with energy. The scenes between ASANO Tadanobu and GASHUIN Tatsuya were particularly engaging. There was action, intrigue, weird characterizations, enough sex to make things interesting, and a totally unpredictable story. <br /> <br /> It is with some anticipation and optimism that I started to look at "Party 7". And my excitement certainly piqued with the opening credits, which left my wife and I completely stunned by their dynamism and enthusiasm; the mix of anime and live-action was great! Then the movie started. In fact, it did not really "begin" but rather a kind of jamming in the side door and stay there, rummaging in his pockets, looking uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> The whole film takes place in three rooms. One is a futuristic voyeur's paradise (borrowed a bit from "Shark Skin Man ..."), another is a travel agent's office, and the third (and by far the most used) is shabby hotel. In this room, a troupe of seven characters meets and ... does almost nothing. Really. I am no stranger to "talking" movies. One of my favorites of all time is "My Dinner with André", the most talkative of all the movies that speak. "My dinner with André" is even more exciting, and two middle-aged men talk about their lives during dinner. The key is that Andrew Gregory and Wallace Shawn tell interesting stories. The actors of "Party 7" lament literally on the whole film. "No, you do not do it!" "Yes!" "No, you really do not!" "Yes really!" "No, really, really not!" Yes, really ... "you see the idea, I hope I wish the director had it. <br /> <br />" Party 7 is an unbelievably uninviting film. There is only the most fragile plot (money stolen from Yakuza, as in "Shark Skin Man ..."), almost without action. There is no interesting dialogue. The characters are largely uninteresting. It was as if Ishii was taking the disposable conversation moments of Tarentino's movies and building a whole movie around them. But Tarentino's conversations always have their own inner logic and spirit ("They call it a" Royale, with cheese ""). Not so with dialogue here, which is duller than you can imagine. If there had not been this hilarious little Gashuin cameo (which is still wonderful) and a discreet performance of the incredible ASANO Tadanobu, I would have given "Party 7" a single star. It was really a chore to go all the way.
