Since I saw the other three, I thought I might as well take that for the fourth part of The Omen on TV. As an independent film, this film is mediocre; but as a sequel to the 1976 masterpiece; it's a parody. The film follows the same path as many series when they lack ideas; it's the idea of ​​changing the thread of the male into a woman. It is still obvious that this film was shot for television because the acting is very classic, the plot lacks ideas and horrible murder scenes seen in the previous three are reduced to a minimum. The film keeps a thread with the original, which I will not reveal, even if it is obvious; this revelation is one of the most interesting aspects of the film. The basics of the plot largely resemble the original Richard Donner, and see a young couple adopt a child, whom they call Delia (not luckily Damiella or Damiana). There is a big dog involved and a babysitter; and very quickly, the woman begins to suspect that the child may not be completely normal; as she has her period at eight years and she has never suffered from an illness ... <br /> <br /> The first two suites of The Omen were not bad, and the series should have really finish third. I guess there was money at stake somewhere, because there is really no artistic reason why this film should have been shot. It does not bring anything in terms of originality, and the only thing it is likely to do is to annoy fans of the series. The film looks like a TV movie all the way through and unfolds for the most part as a film about the troubled upbringing of a girl. Indeed, Asia Vieira looks like a little bitch; but she never convinces that she is the Antichrist, because her looks are redundant and the "evil" she does is laughable. Faye Grant is given the most fleshy role and does not impress; while the rest of the cast regrets having accepted to play in such a terrible waste of time. The only good thing about this movie is the thematic melody, which of course was torn from the original; and is used too much. All in all, this movie is really not worth seeing. because it provides nothing that makes the series famous, and does not even do justice to a second, weaker sequel.
