and it did it. In my experience, when a horror film reaches the status of "franchise" and subsequent titles are published later, they are all struck by an inevitable factor: irrelevance. Omen IV: The Awakening is no exception to the rule, featuring another little child supposedly embracing his role as Antichrist, predicted by a religious prophecy. Have not we seen this before? Was not it enough that, on three films preceding this release, we experienced the rise and fall of Damien Thorn? If you are a horror enthusiast like mine, you will realize that it is common that a horror movie with many sequels and sequels to its credit disappears in the redundancy: Children of the Corn, Hellraiser, Phantasm; the list goes on. At this point in the game, I'm sure you know what to expect when you're ready to watch the fourth title in a series. Anyway, there are times when you relax and realize how shameless some filmmakers are. Omen IV: The Awakening is that too: a shameful exercise to make money. <br /> <br /> This film offers nothing new or intriguing for the Omen range. As unique and authentic as Ormen IV tries to compare himself to his brothers and sisters, the similarities and plots are equally embarrassing. Elements such as the watchdog, the involvement of a priest, the skepticism of the people involved, the scene of death by decapitation (a tribute to the original film when the journalist is beheaded by the glass sheet) ... even to the end The involvement of the father in the politics and prestige of the community makes it too predictable. <br /> <br /> Although it is common to embody a B-Rated cast in a horror title as far back in a series, the cast is not in the charts, bursting with ridicule and of involuntary humor because of the lines delivered through this film. The atmosphere has completely disappeared compared to the first three titles. In addition, the epic score composed by Goldsmith in previous films has been replaced by an auditory debacle; an absolute joke, and made me wonder if it was actually meant to be used for this movie or just pulled from a "bank" of audio stock ... that really says something because rarely comment on the misuse of a musical score - until now. <br /> <br /> In total, I would say that Omen IV: The Awakening is a failure. In the world of horror films that have a long list of titles, some succeed in achieving their goals and others do not. If you want to create another screen on your altered horror belt, like what I am to complete the movie, you might also want to insert that title. If it's not for your entertainment, enjoy the fact that a movie is run correctly or poorly.
