Omen IV: The awakening begins at Frances Orphanage Street where husband Karen (Faye Grant) and Gene York (Michael Woods) receive a baby from sister Yvonne (Megan Leitch) whom they adopted, they call him Delia. At first, things go well, but as the years pass and Delia (Asia Vieria) grows up, Karen suspects her as death and disaster follow her, Karen is convinced that she herself is perverse . Karen then discovers she is pregnant but discovers a sinister plot to use her as a surrogate mother for the next Antichrist. She is shocked to learn the true father of Delia ... <br /> <br /> be headed by Dominique Othenin-Girard who either resigned or was fired and was replaced by Jorge Montesi who finished the film although the reason why he disturbs never guess Omen IV: The Awakening is absolutely terrible and a shame compared to his illustrious predecessors. Brian Taggert's scenario is hilarious, I'm not sure this nonsense looks good as a written word on a piece of paper, but there are so many things wrong with it that I find it difficult to believe. As a serious film, Omen IV: The Awakening falls flat, it really works better if you consider it a parody of comedy. I'm talking about the scene that ends when the detective finds himself face to face with a group of carol zombie singers who sing a disturbing gothic song must be seen to be raw and I thought it was absolutely hilarious and ridiculous in a equal measure. Then there is the unnecessary difference between this film and the other films of Omen, in that it is a girl, the question I ask here is why? Seriously, why? There is no reason at all and is not used to any effect anyway. Then there is of course bullshit at the end that claims that Delia kept her brother's embryo in herself and that, in a sinister conspiracy involving a group of satan worshipers, she was implanted at Karen for her to give birth to the Antichrist is idiotic. seems like just stupid. At first it has some entertainment value, but the involuntary hilarity gives way to complete boredom as soon as possible. <br /> <br /> Of course it is impossible to know how much Omen IV: The Awakening was made by Girard & Montesi but you can say that everything was not good behind the camera, it's a shabby movie , cheap, poor quality, which has been made for television and shows fictional settings, flat and unimaginative. Then there is the total lack of fears, atmosphere, tension and gore that are the main elements that made the previous films of Omen so effective. <br /> <br /> The budget should be quite low and the movie looks like it is. The best thing about Omen IV: The Awakening is the last shot in which the camera rises in the air as Delia moves away to reveal a crucifix cross made by two overlapping paths, but this is the very last plan before the end credits say that says just about everything. I have to mention the music that sounds horrible, that is better suited to a comedy and that sounds very bad. The acting is at best acceptable, but as usual, the kid annoys. <br /> <br /> Omen IV: The Awakening is hogwash, it's a totally ridiculous movie that tries to be serious and ends up looking stupid. The change of director probably did not help either, it is still not an excuse. Omen's latest film to date, after the originals of The Omen (1976), Damien: Omen II (1978) and The Final Conflict (1981), is far superior to this one.
