Only the Antichrist could have been at the origin of such a disaster. One can only hope that this irony is the driving force of the "film"! This movie was so bad, it forced me to sign up for IMDb, finally, just to throw it in the trash. What makes this film all the more tragic is that it had such a source material! I have never seen a film where all the elements were so mediocre as to make the result inferior to the sum of its parts. <br /> <br /> This may seem trivial, but I'd like to start with the score. . As a proud music graduate, I have to register my indignation! I was torn between laughter and uprisings as I listened to what John Scheffer had done to Goldsmith's brilliant score; it was much more horrible than any burlesque death scene and almost as inadvertently comical. It was by far the most inappropriate score I've heard since, well, I really can not think of a worse one. Maybe JAWS 4? <br /> <br /> Regarding the plot ... I'm sorry. Mystic New Age ??? What ever happened to the crisp realism of the original trilogy? In these films (more in the first two than in the third, but still !!), the supernatural was mostly involved, and it is this subtlety that made the films so incredibly believable. We have black crystals (calling all Skeksis and Mystics !!) and inverted crucifixes galore, although in some scenes the crucifux would be perfectly normal without the angle of the camera. Finished the refined psychological manipulation that exploits the discomfort inherent in our collective psyche: in its place, a fierce "clap" of recycled cliché and transparent incompetence. Add to that an unbelievably boring "actress" that you fervently thank the director for the scenes where she is absent. I have never seen a little girl so fundamentally irritating that little Stephanie ruined everything in the family. <br /> <br /> Other than that, I do not have strong feelings about it ;-) Fortunately, the first three films are sufficiently adroit to make this wreckage celluloid wasted without consequence or, at the very least, plus, a study on how not to make a movie. Spectator beware! May cause vomiting if you are lucky.
