After only 15 minutes in this film, Zhang Yimou's earlier, heavier films, which approached Chinese politics and society from a unique angle, began to fail me. His move to martial arts movies was a big mistake, IMHO. Hero is his worst film since Operation Cougar, with an unnecessarily complex story and a more woody interpretation than that found in a film by John Agar. Shi Mian Mai Fu is no different. As an American who has been studying Chinese cinema for a few years (and understands and speaks some Mandarin), I'm sure my opinion is different from many others because I come from a different background. SMMF, like Hero, is not really a traditional kung-fu movie, and it's certainly not a wuxia movie. There is no sword and witchcraft or chivalry here. It is a completely different vehicle from the infinitely more visable films such as A Chinese Ghost Story (all three), The Murder of Butterflies, Green Snake, et al. While all the featured charismatic actors seemed to be having fun, SMMF offers a bland, and sometimes laughable, dialogue associated with a cardboard role play. Zhang Ziyi plays the role of a blind man and Ben Affleck. There is an air of superiority in this film which is really insulting. It's taken so seriously, it just becomes a big joke in the end. All actors feel that this is the most important piece of celluloid in history, they destroy any possibility of transmitting emotions, and the total lack of humor makes you wonder if Zhang Yimou was in to make a film, or simply a showcase. (ie an "ego enhancer") for Zhang Ziyi. The camera is literally being mistaken with her face and she is sexually assaulted not once but twice in the film. His range of actors has not really exceeded his ability to play a "w" naive itch. She is so focused on her acting that she looks cold and lifeless, as if reading her lines from a map. It's so funny to hear American critics and filmmakers (like Quentin Tarantino, who does not understand anything at all), call this film a masterpiece. I imagine that if they see on the screen a lot of Asian actors very important as they fly over a bamboo forest, they are led to believe that it is a brilliant film. Ching Siu Tung's choreography, while retaining his well-known style, editing and postures, lacks the vitality and originality of his previous films, such as A Chinese Ghost Story, Dragon Inn and Duel to the Death. Unfortunately, the thread in this film is really below average, and if there is a thread underneath / obvious, then you probably should not have filmed it at high speed. The same goes for special effects that have a distinct B-movie feel. Beans, daggers, bowls, arrows, swords and other random objects fly through the air (after being thrown) without worrying about logic, bends, climbing and banking. as if there was a small pilot inside. I know that logic does not really belong in stylized Chinese martial arts movies, but if you do not want to cause a lot of laughs from your audience, you should probably work a little bit more on your composition. A melodrama of mass, unintentionally amusing dramatic moments, boring fight scenes, really uninspired twists are what awaits you with Shi Mian Mai Fu. It is obvious that Zhang Yimou no longer makes films for the Chinese public. This is supposed to penetrate the western market as did CTHD. After watching Hero and SMMF, I came to the conclusion that if Zhang Yimou wants to make Hollywood movies, he's definitely off to a good start. SMMF is essentially the ghost threat of Chinese martial arts movies. And I thought Hero was bad.
