Okay, so I rented this clown-like movie, Chainsaw-Massacre-Esquire, that I was not expecting much, but I liked the innovative approach of a serial killer movie. (At the bottom of the box is the following synopsis) "At first it was a joke - a myth around the campfire - for five friends staying in a secluded cabin in the woods of Texas, but they began to disappear. One by one, replaced by scattered and bloody body parts and voodoo effigies, the last survivors hustling to save their lives, but he's there, and he's sick, and all he wants it's blood ... "it does not make sense: why this clown in the woods to start? Why a clown? Why do their dolls carry the word "food"? Why Why Almost nothing answers in 1 hour and 30 minutes. wear fest except where that clown lives. The characters are silly guys, idiots and lots of bullshit. One of them is a girl they brought from a restaurant on the road, which they thought they had to help, because she was being harassed by a guy she knew. What justifies this excuse for bringing a girl into your circle of friends or in their cabin? Of course, she begins to sow the seeds of jealousy, to make men sleep with her by feeding their mute minds with everything they want to hear. <br /> <br /> The music was a medium business (frenetic keyboard music as in every horror movie without differences). The actors seemed to come from a soap opera as they complained and complained about everything. The idea that the main character of the film takes this girl to the booth as a first date is a horrible date, but of course, she gives herself unrealistically the first night he meets him. It seems like there was hardly a budget spent, but there was a clown outfit and lots of cheap $ 1 dolls hanging out in the woods, which was a horribly bland place to shoot all this movie ( too often done). I was also waiting for the clown to jump into the house to kill the remaining 4 characters in the movie (through the window perhaps), but nothing as exciting as it ever got into the movie. I guess you were supposed to like the clown to be a killer or something. <br /> <br /> I had to give a 3 to the film. It was an interesting premise (clown like the character of the Chainsaw Massacre, basically) and I'll give them a star for playing seriously throughout the movie while the movie might have been totally a B-style video, but they did opted for the most legitimate video style. But in the end, I probably would have felt like renting Killer Klowns' video again to Mars before going back to check on that. Ah, but this cover is a great design.
