I could not believe that this movie dates from 2007, it had all the looks of a horror film of the sixties below the average. Did they have no knowledge of modern special effects or computer graphics?!? Did not they know that, in the millennium, violence in a so-called horror and / or scifi movie should at least be a bit graphic? Or was I mistaken, was it meant to be a deep and meaningful story of man and animal, bound together in the great cycle of life, or a warning to humanity not to spoil nature, or something like that? No matter, in any case, the result is bad and for me, this film has failed on all levels. <br /> <br /> First of all: the principle is very improbable. If, at some point, you are able to replace a total eye, no responsible medical scientist will launch his very first human attempt with both eyes at the same time, which is totally unprofessional. And do all this apparently without the informed consent of the patient ?! And why the hell do you choose eyes that have a totally unusual color for humans and give the victim a monster look ?! By the way, I noticed that all the real wolves in the movie had normal black eyes, like puppies, could not they have waited for such a specimen? The story is lame, it's about this poor guy, Aaron, who is experiencing these strange eye transplants, which suddenly makes him feel like a donor wolf (or at least that's what I think), then he is pursued by soldiers. . Especially this last piece is ridiculous. I mean, I can understand that the army is interested in the results of the experiment (imagine soldiers who have night vision;), but as the operation fails because of the apparent nervous breakdown of the patient, I do not do not understand why they're killing him. Why not leave it alone and look for another usable recipient? (a willing soldier maybe ??). And why try to kill all those involved in poor Aaron, is not that a little stiff ?! Who the hell are these soldiers anyway, I hope that neither the US military nor the government, they behave like psychopaths, walking around the hospital waving automatic weapons, searching private apartments as if they were after a public enemy No. 1, Show in the woods a total lack of discipline, like a group of frightened schoolchildren, panicking and shooting at random. <br /> <br /> Aaron, for an unfathomable medical reason, feels like a wolf after transplanting his eyes. Why would that be ??? He suddenly sees visions of wandering wolves. What is it? Are we supposed to believe that the Wolfgiver's memories are located in his eyes?!? And that the recipient of these eyeballs also adopts the wolf's desire to eat meat (alive) and can jump from a balcony up to 30 feet and land on all fours like a cat (can a wolf even DO it?)? ?!). <br /> <br /> The acting game (or lack thereof) did not help the credibility of all this either: everyone stumbles through their lines like wooden dolls, especially this Indian girl, she may be pretty, but she can only have one expression (annoyed) and some disinterested whispers about the power of Nature, and it hurts me to know why Aaron is suddenly overrun by her (but hey, he probably had to there was at least one love scene!) I really sympathized with the actor Cory Monteith, who looks like a nice guy with a pretty face, but they did not give him much to make. He had to run without doing anything for more than half of the movie, which could have been fun to watch, but they would have better chosen someone with a more impressive physique, Monteith should really leave his shirt. His (some) murders and attacks are barely visible, we hear only a few grunts and cries of fear, then another victim is lying down and Aaron with more blood on his face and chest. Not much for a modern sci-fi horror! Justine Bateman is the only talented actress. I really like to see how she matured to become a beautiful and elegant woman in her forties. She did what she could with her silly replicas and she even convinced me to be of this doctor with good intentions, but they made her character a kind of crazy, which is totally controlled by the head of these armies. What a shame that the script did not have to get up a little more! <br /> <br /> In the end, it comes down to a silly and rather boring, scary or thrilling movie, with incredible scenes, many overlaying National Geographic-like visuals depicting wolves running around the woods and slopes (we do not care?!?), some divine pretensions of man and nature to India and an uneven musical score with poppy songs at the most inappropriate moments. I guess the word "superfluous" covers everything.
