Aaron Scates (Cory Monteith), security guard in water treatment, is involved in an accident that makes him blind. Fortunately, the brilliant scientist Andrea Hewitt (Justine Bateman), who works for Olaris, has developed an operation to transplant organs from one species to another. Hewitt then decides that Aaron would be perfect for his first human experience. Hewitt and his team transplant a wolf's eyes to Aaron and he miraculously covers the view. Shiny, no? Well, no, not really since Aaron starts to go crazy by seeing random images of wolves and starts to thirst for blood. Aaron escapes from the Olaris building and leaves on the run, but he is too valuable to give up and a large-scale search is organized to capture him ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Yelena Lanskaya, he s' Another offer of Fi Channel is simply terrible in every sense of the word. I think it probably started out as a simple "creature movie", but it turned out to be one of the most boring and boring movies I've ever seen in Sci-Fi Channel. t even featured any kind of monster or creature. Hybrid is horrible, the script is terrible and I'm not even sure who it was for. Aaron catches Wolf's eyes, but Hybrid abandons science-fiction elements and turns into a horrible drama as he focuses entirely on Aaron's mental state, who questions the fact that do nothing especially with a Native American woman. Hey, do not you think the science fiction channel could make a movie about wolves and throw a lot of litter on Native American mythology? The dynamics of the character is bizarre, Aaron is portrayed as the persecuted hero, but he is the only character to kill anyone in the movie. He's a rather unfriendly, ungrateful and boring person, while Dr. Hewitt is portrayed as the evil scientist, but she gives it Aaron comes back to the sight and just tries to help her. I mean, Aaron has found the gift of sight while Hewitt is the bad guy? The base product of US military intervention in the Sci-Fi channel is also present. The problem is why they want so much Aaron. He is not a soldier and, even if he has wolf eyes to help him see in the dark, he is absolutely banal. The scenario does not allow to think if everything is in Aaron's head or if it's real, the end is hilarious with a naked half (it was made for TV) Aaron running through a forest with a pack of wolves set on a horrible music I think is supposed to be emotional but makes it even more funny. There are so many problems with Hybrid, it's slower than hell, there's practically no action, there's no Werewolves & the movie goes around in circles trying to get into the spirit of Aaron, but everything is so ridiculous, silly and boring little and there is never any explanation as to why, despite the fact that the wolf's eyes are just transplanted, Aaron begins to develop other senses of the wolf . <br /> <br /> As a diabetic, I have problems in the eyes, I have an important surgery on my right. eye & I can guarantee that after an operation your eye would be inflated, you would not be able to open it & it would hurt a lot despite transplanting eyes as soon as Aaron wakes up in bed with his eyes are perfect no swelling or even redness. There are no special effects, no blood or blood or violence and nothing to excite you. In fact, I think there is nothing, even remotely, horror or science fiction, it's like a dull film of the week. <br /> <br /> Filmed in Manitoba in Canada, the film looks good but is bland. & forgettable. The acting is mediocre on the part of everyone I have never seen before and hopefully never again. <br /> <br /> Hybrid is a dreadful movie presented as a werewolf movie but far from it people will really have trouble getting to the terrible end that will probably burden you.
