The plot seems vaguely interesting ... a scientist (Bateman) discovers how to transplant animal eyes and optic nerves to other animals, such as humans. A young man (Monteith) is blinded, saving a co-worker - the scientist receives a call from a doctor telling him that he is a good candidate to be the first human recipient. The recipient begins to look more and more like a wolf, but the effect is none other than "weird eyes" and run the night with dogs! (for the whole movie) The budget is too low, the dialogue too scalded (I laughed at the bursts of a ridiculous conversation) and the actor too inept. Long parts of the movie are nothing more than dreamy looks, disturbing music and clips interspersed with wolves in nature. Well too long, even 90 minutes, boring and devoid of ideas. <br /> <br /> The military wants to use eye grafts to restore the sight of wounded soldiers and is likely to militarize the technology. There is a stupid secondary plot about a beautiful Indian girl (Korey) who thinks she can help, using Indian wisdom about wolves. They make love while the heavy music of drums and Indian singing is heard - crazy, dude! The taking of love takes place immediately after a macabre murder - who edited this turkey ?! A grumpy "healer" who casts platitudes seems to do little, except to create an atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Here are two ridiculous scenes. An employee of the research laboratory goes to the animal room to discover that the monkeys have been released from their cages. She is afraid, look at the monkeys on the left, turn right, turn left, turn right, turn left .. it goes on for a while (who edited that ??). Get out of the dam lab! It was so stupid that I started laughing. Another ridiculous scene - our hero is at home, escapes through a window as the heavily armed army arrives - he leaves the window open, the soldiers head for the open window, look out the window, they say "we Looks like he was there, "and leaves! He went out the open window, guys !! Crazy. <br /> <br /> Towards the end of the film, soldiers fire machine guns again and again on trees, while it is obvious that there is nothing - it is easier to place the executioners I suppose . They have 6 machine guns that fell trees, but decide to fight our hero with 1 knife !!! Shoot the guy !! Who wrote this basket? There is a useless confrontation at the end, and believe me, I do not spoil you in any way, there is not enough plot to spoil you. <br /> <br /> I guess all of this was a tax deduction or a rushed job making use of money from the unused budget of a better movie.
