This low-quality universal cooler has just been announced as an upcoming DVD release, but, destined to be part of a collection of similar films that I already owned, I decided to buy it from other channels rather than to wait for this legitimate exit. Which is just as good, since the final result is not particularly special (even if it is decently atmospheric): for starters, the plot is rather weak ?? even if, in a certain way, he anticipates Vincent Price's vehicle, THEATER OF BLOOD (1973), although he has nothing of the campy enthusiasm of this film. What we have here, in fact, is a penniless sculptor (Martin Kosleck) ?? that we even see him sharing his plate of cheese with his cat! ?? who, having once again found himself on the vitriolic pen of art critic Alan Napier, decides to end it by throwing himself into the nearby river. However, while considering this action, he is anticipated by the escaped killer of Rondo Hatton, nicknamed "The Creeper" and, quite naturally, saves the life of the poor man with the intention to let him do all the dirty work to thank him with gratitude! Although it's supposed to take place in the New York arts scene, all we see at work is really Kosleck and the commercial painter Robert Lowery (who continues to paint the same blond statist, Joan Shawlee, again and again). still in banal poses?) who, quite conveniently, is engaged to a rival art critic (Virginia Gray) of Napier! Shortly after, it is discovered with the broken spine and Lowery is suspected. but then, Detective Bill Goodwin has the brilliant idea of ​​hiring another critic to publish a scathing report of Lowery's work (I did not know that commercials had been reviewed !!) to measure the violence of his reaction! Meanwhile, Kosleck allows himself to believe that he is creating his masterpiece by carving Hatton's unique cliff. and recognizable ?? a face that, needless to say, catches the attention of Gray, who is constantly visiting (we are led to believe that she lacks material for her weekly column) - much to the chagrin of the artist and the model. Disconcerting, although The Creeper is fully aware of Gray's appearance (thanks to his obsession with the Kosleck bite pad), he is pushing Shawlee away. who then became Goodwin's daughter! ?? in Lowery's apartment and surprising Kosleck talking (you guessed it) to Gray about his intention to overthrow him as a police officer, sends the slow-thinking giant out of his chasm, going even until destroying it itself, now finished stony picture. Curiously, although this is the penultimate film of Hatton, his name in the credits is preceded by the epithet "introduction"!
