The film as public is so often seen as a sheep. As soon as some critics say that something new is good ("Shake-Cam"), everyone starts in the movement, as if he did not have independent thought. It was not a good movie, it was an awful movie. 1) Land? - What intrigue? Bourne was pursued from here to there, from start to finish. This is the plot. Look for nothing deeper than that. 2) cinematography? - Do me a favor! Any 7-year-old child with an old 8mm film camera would do a much better job (I'm not exaggerating here). This film is a stunt of a surprisingly amateurish camera work. The ridiculous tremors of EACH (each scene) will cause vertigo and nausea. 3) credible? - Oh yes definitely. It is a masterpiece of credibility. I loved the scenes where Bourne was hunted by the (local) police in the winding streets of the Tangier market. - I went to Tangier. Even the guides can not make their way through these streets, but Bourne shook 100 police officers with speed and finesse. Greengrass must make fun of the credulity of his film followers. 4) editing? - I do not know what the editor was wearing when he made this movie but I want it! - Each scene lasts between 0.5 and 2 seconds. I felt nauseous at the end of the film because of the stroboscopic effect of the "scenes" that paraded. 5) direct? - Hmmm. This is an interesting aspect. The film does not seem to have been staged. Plus a case of Greengrass throwing a copy of the script (every two pages) on the cameramen and says to "turn some scenes intoxicated". - "Do not worry guys, we'll tie the scenes together in the editing room." The publisher should be tarred, feathered and put in reserve for allowing this monstrosity to go to the white screen. 6) Not one, but TWO senior CIA officials giving Jason Bourne's tender feminine treatment, abused and misunderstood. - They risk their lives for someone they can not even be sure he is not a traitor. You talk stupid nincompoops. (While the evil members of the CIA plot to put an end to an agent who would have dropped a paper clip on the ground). (Well, all men are mean, are not they? - With the exception of the SNAGS of course). Yes, it's really a modern and politically correct film that shows women as heroes of the day and oppressive men as the real threat to humanity. 7) When the do-know-what finally hits the fan, the good triumph of the evil (as always, huh?) And the alleged assassin gets the booty on Jason Bourne - he suddenly undergoes a guilt trip and abstains to press the trigger (yeah - right ...) - at this point, the perverse vice director shows up - a rifle in his hand and he pulls the trigger. - How could this 60-year-old run so fast and not be out of breath? Wonders will never stop 8) Do not worry, there is a Senate hearing and the bad guys end up in court. Well, we can not have bad CIA political agents firing on people, are we? What a pleasure to see a real life-time P.C. 2000s movie. ------------- The Bourne Ultimatum is a crap.
