The number of blunders in this episode was higher than the first 9. They do not follow their own rules about spirits, where the destruction of the body causes the dissolution of the spirit. He dropped a second body. This body and Dean are about 20 feet from Sam, but they're right with Sam. The flashlights are extinguished in an extinct haven at night, and you can still see everything. It is dark, but the light flows through the windows. A ghost who died in the 1960s makes phone calls? Come on! Sam would have no way of having a psychiatrist come the same day he makes an appointment and the doctor talks to Sam as if it was not his first visit. Sam and Dean knew there were other bodies in the asylum and innocent spirits were still hidden and they did nothing to help them. That does not seem to be a thing that the boys of Winchester would do. Oh, and after crawling on a dirt mattress and around a nasty haven, girls' makeup and hair are perfect and do not stain their white shirt. <br /> <br /> Although the implementation of this episode was problematic, the premise was good and, on a few occasions, I was not scared but nervous as Dean read Elicots' diary. I just knew that an object so deeply personal to the ghost attracted him to the one who would violate his holiness. Elicot did not appear. It may be a fault for an object or place so important (like Elicot's desk) that should attract the spirit when a living being touches or enters. When they separate, I want to scream ... that's how you die! Stay together and watch each one of you! but they do not listen to me: The Elicot spirit and its special ability were very kind. It's a prime time show, but I wish Elicot's horror, which hurt one of his victims and used the anticipation of torture to scare us. <br /> <br /> Especially because of the light gaffes, I gave a 4. Sudden darkness or flickering of the stage lighting when the flashlight flickers is even more terrifying. The lighter that arrives or the flashlight that wakes up and instantly gives them a mind is shocking. I understand that the filmmakers want us to see his scene, but then make a mention or a clear link between Elicot that touches an electrical outlet and the lights come on. Ask the characters to react to the fact that an asylum without electricity suddenly has lights in the same room. The blue and white lights blink in the form of electric arcs, like the power of Elicot's fingers. <br /> <br /> Seriously, MCG could have done better.
