Houseboat Horror is an excellent title for this movie. It's absolutely perfect, and therefore the only aspect of the film that I can give 10 out of 10. There are houseboats, there is horror, there is even horror that happens on houseboats. But if there was a slogan for the movie poster, it would probably be "Something weird, it's like this ..." for Houseboat Horror is by far the worst Australian horror film I've ever seen never seen, not to mention one of the worst horrors of the movies I've ever seen and an atrocious attempt to make cinema in general. The good news is that it's so bloody that it sails through the spectator's zone of contempt into the marvelous world of involuntary hilarity. It's worth looking at * because * it's awful. <br /> <br /> The "worst" category does not come from the script, for the simple reason that there is one: a record producer, a film crew and a rock band drive to the lake Infinity, mystifying name, a quaint rural retreat somewhere in Victoria (actually Lake Eildon) to shoot a video clip. Someone is not particularly happy to see them there, and eventually to try to serve the public, begins to select them one by one with a sharp knife. It is even more mysterious to know how long it takes the survivors to notice. <br /> <br /> In appearance, it looks like a very standard movie-slasher. You have very annoying young people, intolerant elders, scary locals (one of them, a gas station attendant, would easily win a fierce competition), and let's face it, my description of the murderer could easily be Jason Voorhees. Ah, but if only the values ​​of actor and production were as good as the comparative masterpiece of Friday's 13th Part VII. Unfortunately, Houseboat Horror is completely devoid of both of these things. <br /> <br /> But in the end, it only makes what you become so ridiculous and fun. Fans of the band "Late Show" and "Get This" band, Tony Martin, will already be aware of the real jewels of dialogue ("Look at the sight ... you'll see the bar!"), While the song accompanies the Music video is so bad that you have to hear it to believe it - I can not help but wonder if author / director Ollie Wood was hoping it would become a real success. The horror element is comparable, I think, to the B slashers of the genre and especially the period, but I sometimes had a hard time imagining someone nibbling a hamburger on the screen and seeing a flurry of spray tomato sauce on the wall. on the screen. <br /> <br /> Indeed, if you listened to Tony Martin recommending this movie as a hilarious dude like me, I do not think you're disappointed. All fans of the horror "Too bad, too bad" should not miss this opportunity. Whether you're shaving or not, that's another matter. If, on the other hand, you are looking for true excellence in the Australian horror genre, get yourself a copy of the incomparable "Long Weekend" and do not look back.
