When the remake of When A Stranger Calls was released, it was obvious that I wanted to watch the original. Then, when I read the original (I remember that my sisters were completely panicked in the day), I saw that the real money was at Black Christmas, which apparently beat everyone at the punch "the caller is at home". So, I netflix this, and it stays at the top of my list for months because of its "very long wait". All the while, I'm more and more impatient to see him! Then one day, unexpectedly, it finally happens! ... and it's a total snoring. <br /> <br /> Of course, my expectations may have been high, but I do not think it would have been better if I had seen it fresh. The thing is, it's Christmas in a Canadian university town and this sorority is hosting a party. We see killer-POV shots as he climbs this lattice and sneaks into the attic. So, we know that he is at home. We then presented our characters ?? - Olivia Hussey as Jess, the mouse smiling and accented. Margot Kidder in the role of Barb, the annoying alcoholic and openly aggressive. She is so annoying that even her mother invites her to the Christmas party. There is also this irritating clone of Janis Ian ("Phil") and that mother of alcoholic den, Mrs. Mac, seen pinching the various bottles of alcohol she has hidden throughout the house. We also meet Jess's very tight boyfriend, Peter, portrayed by Keir Dullea in 2001 and Bunny Lake is a missing celebrity, even though halfway through the movie, I still wondered "Who's Keir Dullea?" <br /> <br /> seems that the house has received obscene calls, but that was before the email, so they could not ask him to send a photo. So ?? - Well, you know how they say that these plastic dry cleaning bags are not a toy? One of the sisters discovers this the hard way. Do not worry if you do not catch the first 14 shots of the plastic-covered corpse face that rests in the attic. There will be 28 others scattered throughout the film. God! There is a corpse in the attic! "After the first hour, the situation is as follows:" How is it that the mute police did not find the plastic-covered corpse placed conspicuously in the attic? "Especially that it is clearly indicated that it's clearly visible from outside the house - in fact, every time CSI appeared on the air, it must have been a golden age of crime, the cops are so stupid, and fortunately some of them look like to John Saxon. <br /> <br /> Anyway, after a human drama even more boring, the mother of the house fears that her precious kitty climbs a vertical ladder and pushes a heavy trap door that rests on the top (these cunning cats!), because she runs her head and ends up with a hook pulley in her neck for pain.Now we have two corpses in the attic ?? - hey, why do not we not another 75 shots trying to cool us down by the fact that there are now TWO corpses in the attic? <br /> <br /> So, by now, the police have started to take the situation seriously, put the phone under the phone and send a police officer outside. They inform Jess and his friend Ian Janis that if the obscene caller calls back, they must keep him on the phone. Jessica, who has become even more sibilant, smiling and annoying, continues to ask the caller, "Who is it, what do you want, who are you?" after as the first 89 calls, when it is clear that he is not going to answer him. Is not this a sign of intellectual disability? The inability to learn from unsuccessful attempts at something? And what's he going to do, suddenly says, "Oh yes, hi, is Bob from Laundromat?" Dumb Jess. <br /> <br /> Spoilers! Anyway, Janis Ian and Lois Lane (Kidder) are soon crammed into bed with ketchup splattered on the face (the gore idea of ​​this movie), and the idiot Jess realizes that not a single door or window of the house is locked. Hello? Are you hunted or what? Then the cops realize that the killer is in the house and call Jess to say "Do not ask questions, do what I say, go to the door and go out." So what does the idiot Jess do? Begins shouting "Phil? Barb? Phil? Barb?" Hey, good idea my sister. Now, why do not you go up there where you know that a psychotic killer is hiding? Of course, she sees him and sees his old friends, all splashed with ketchup, which incites this spectator to cry on the screen: "You have a clue now ?!" <br /> <br /> Now, of course, you have to be understanding and Realize that this film was shot before the classic tropes of the slasher film are firmly in place, and that it does not move at the same pace as the one we are used to it. Seeing a plastic-covered corpse in the attic as if nothing had happened was probably scary Back in the day, and people were not used to being harassed by psychopaths, so they would not think, you know, to lock doors or windows. And they might be tempted to climb the stairs when they are told that a rabid killer is up there. You see, people were stupid in the 70s. We have to understand that. One of the big shocks is that we do not even see our proto-Final Girl kill the psychopath. But believe me, it is more interesting to read this comment than to go through the film. The spoilers finish! <br /> <br /> ------ Hey, take a look at Cinema de Merde, my website about vicious and nerdy movies (with some good movies released). You can find the URL in my email address above.
