The BFG is one of Roald Dahl's most valuable books, but in this animated adaptation, magic simply does not exist. This version is quite faithful to the original story of Dahl, so we can not blame the scenario of John Hambley. The blame may be on colorless animation, lethargic rhythm, and generally mediocre voice-overs. It would be right to expect this story to give a happy, vibrant and entertaining film. Instead, the movie is a hopelessly boring affair that becomes tedious enough to watch. Children who are not familiar with the story must read the book first! All the film will do is postpone what is actually a children's classic. <br /> <br /> The young orphan Sophie (voice of Amanda Root) lives in a not very friendly orphanage under the cruel supervision of Mrs. Clonkers. One evening, she glances out the window when she sees a gigantic figure sneaking down the street of the village. The figure realizes that she was seen, she goes through the window and Sophie discards her bed, placing it in his huge pocket before fleeing into the night. Sophie soon discovers that she has been kidnapped by a giant from Giant Country and fears that he will eat it. But to his great relief, he turns out to be a kind and sensitive member of his species who presents himself as the BFG (voice of David Jason). The BFG refuses to eat people, limiting itself to smelly vegetables called snozzcumbers. However, Giant Country is populated with many other giants who feast - every night, as it happens - poor, unsuspecting humans. Sophie and the BFG become great friends and they quickly propose a plan to thwart the other giants. Together, they go to the Queen of England (the voice of Angela Thorne) with their remarkable story and beg her to send the army and the air force to fight the man-eating giants. The queen accepts and therefore undertakes a dangerous operation to capture the evil giants before they can harm someone else. <br /> <br /> Jason expresses quite well the BFG (one of the few assets of the film) but his good job is: almost ruined by the sound quality somewhat mediocre. The rest of the vocal work is decidedly uninspired, with very little to bring the characters to life. Similarly, BFG is the only imaginatively animated character - Sophie is unattractive and the giants are boring (and almost alike). Even the places are not inventive; The giant country is particularly hard to reach, being nothing more than wasteland and barren with rocks and canyons on occasion. At 88 minutes, the film is not really long, but it lags badly partly because of the sleepy treatment of several sequences. A small part of Dahl's mischievous humor is passed on satisfactorily. One chapter of the book deals with the BFG's love for "whizzpopping" and is hilarious. In the film, the same section is totally killed by a little funny manipulation. I came to the BFG hoping for a lot of excitement, fun and enjoyment, but what I got was pretty much the opposite! This one is a failure that has failed and that simply does not fit the caliber of the book in all departments. Unfortunately, it must be ignored.
