Unhinged was part of the UK-based Video Nasty CCTV selection in the 1980s. Keeps the bloody stuff out of the reach of kids, you do not know! Many must have wondered what the fuss was about. Today, Unhinged is a tame little tale. <br /> <br /> Three girls go to a jazz concert ... and you know right away that the number of people will be at a minimum. They get lost in the woods and end up in a car accident that looks so fake, that it's laughable. They are picked up by locals living in the woods in a scary house. One of the girls is seriously injured and must stay upstairs. Then there is talk. Talk about why girls are here and what they need to be for dinner on time because their mom does not like it when he's late. And more talk. Yakkity Yak. A suspense is created when a crazy guy walks around and harasses the girls, and someone's gaze peers through the holes in the walls to look at the pretty girls in something that looks like Hitchcock's Psycho. I move away from the subject, because there is so much blah blah in this film, that you wonder when the killings will begin. In fact, one of the girls is so bored that she walks in the woods, alone, in search of the city. Smart movement. She probably knew that the lone virgin was walking alone in the forest, but did not care. We continue to talk after that, while we wait, wait, until the next girl can be killed or not. <br /> <br /> And then ends the twist. The "expected" unexpected for some viewers, for others a real trap. Probably the only reason someone would really want to watch this. I do not care how twisted it is, nothing in this film compensates for the most boring time I've had to watch it. Even with the minor impact of the end of the film, the director simply did not have what it took to really tell a good story. That would have made a much better TV episode of 30 minutes to 1 hour, Tales from the Darkside. <br /> <br /> If you really have to get this for any reason, maybe just to say that you have watched all the movie slasher, do yourself a favor and have the fast forward button within range of hand. Since the movie contains many unimportant scenes, just zoom in and in no time you'll come to the end of "WOW, that's all it was". Oh and half way through the movie, there is a shower scene with 2 girls showing boo bees. Horray for bees. These beautiful honey bees buzzing.
