If we sit down to watch Unhinged, it's probably because its commercials, its video boxes, it does not matter, scream that it has been banned in the UK for over 20 years (like almost all unpleasant videos). It is true; exploitation and taboos excite people and attract them with their promise of controversy. Being a fan of the operation, none of this was new to me. Advertisements that say the film was banned in the UK do not necessarily make me want to watch it. In fact, the first thing that usually comes to mind is the disgusting censorship of British censors. Here's how I got to watch it: it was gore and it was only $ 6.99. The price alone has warned me not to hope it's the next Halloween, but cheap padding of your DVD collection never hurts. However, I have tried to look at everything in one sitting, because I find that deciding to keep the rest for another day makes you even less inspired to finish it. Anyway, after 90 minutes of Unhinged, I found out I had found the cheapest sleep aid ever. I think distributors could make a fortune if they simply changed marketing techniques. <br /> <br /> The layout of Unhinged looks like any slasher of the 80s. There are unnecessary shower scenes and abusive exploitation. It is more or less that. Anyway, it starts with a group of three seductive students who crush their car on the way to a concert. Two of them (Terry and Nancy) are fine, but one (Gloria) is seriously injured and is no longer on duty for the rest of the movie. They are saved and are housed in a mansion (which has no phone, of course) with rather strange occupants: Marion is a middle-aged woman with a hateful mother who constantly accuses him of sneaky sneaking men in the House. to sleep with them (psycho echoes?). She also has a crazy brother, Carl, who lives in the woods, because his mother's hatred for men is so intense that she refuses to let him stay home. After spending time with Marion, Terry (our "hero") and Nancy decide to contact their parents. Despite the warnings of all, Nancy faces the dangerous woods to get to the phone (his fate is not difficult to predict). After that, we see Gloria, who is then slaughtered with an ax. When Terry discovers that Gloria has disappeared from her room, she decides that something is wrong with this picture and goes in search of her missing friends. This can be easier said than done, however, with the crazy Carl who roams around ?? <br /> <br /> After watching Unhinged, I read an overwhelming number of critics claiming that Unhinged worked perfectly because it took time to create a topic that caused real tension when the moment of truth arrived at the end. Normally, I do not drag the opinions of others in my reviews (especially when they contradict my opinions), but in this case, I was so intrigued by their reactions that I thought it would be relevant to mention it . Indeed, the film creeps. Normally, for slow building tactics to work, the public must feel that the characters are in danger. Of course, we see two of them being murdered, but there are innumerable scenes of conversation and boredom between them. We are aware that there is a killer on the run, but this only focuses on three times in the film; it means that there is no reason to fear for the victims. Instead, the events of the film are not explained by the actions of the characters but by perpetual words. If there is one thing I can assure you by looking at this, it is that the scenes of characters who are simply chatting for 75 minutes are very tedious. None of this is helped by the atrocious game. It seems that this was another case where the director needed actors and decided to meet his friends instead of finding someone with experience. <br /> <br /> Of course, I would be a liar if I said that's not the case. part of the movie that I enjoyed. Specifically, the end was one of the best I've ever seen in a slasher movie; you do not expect that to happen. Just knowing that the director had the chance to do something like that is spectacular. Oh, I'm not going to spoil it, and I will not say that the end completely offsets the rest of the film that moves slowly, but it will certainly attract your attention. Apart from that, the other two scenes of murder bring at least faster content, but it's not like you can not tell exactly who was going to die fifteen minutes after the movie started. Anyone looking for a bloodbath, however, will be disappointed. these are the only scenes of gore present. This and, of course, no scene can save an entire movie. I normally preach the doctrine that as long as there is action, the worse a film is, the better it becomes. Unhinged only captures part of this concept. The whole movie only feels Luke-hot; There is potential, but the director was not experienced enough to make it work or simply did not know what he was doing.
