The Invisible Maniac begins when young Kevin Dornwinkle (Kris Russell) is caught by his strict mother (Marilyn Adams) watching a girl (Tracy Walker) undressing through her telescope ...) is now a teacher of who claims to have discovered a way to make things invisible by using a "molecular reconstruction" serum. However, during a demonstration in front of his scientific colleagues, everything fails and everyone laughs at him. Dornwinkle goes crazy, kills some of them and is locked in a psychiatric institute where he escapes. Two weeks later, a group of students at the Summer School discuss the tragic death of his physics teacher when the director, Mrs. Cello (Stephanie Blake as Stella Blalack), announced that she had hired a replacement. Dornwinkle. The student does not take it and treat it like dirt, but Dornwinkle has perfected his invisibility serum and uses it to satisfy his perverted sexual drive and desire for revenge ... <br /> Written and directed by Adam Rifkin quietly hiding under the pseudonym of Rif Coogan (I do not want my name to be associated with this filthy movie either) The Invisible Maniac is a real barrel background. Rifkin's scenario, sorry Coogan and Tony Markes, is awful. He tries to be a hybrid teenager / sex / comedy / horror that fails in all departments. For starters, sex is nothing more than a few female shower scenes and some breasts pictures, not much else that I fear; The Invisible Maniac's birds do not even look so good. The comedy is lame and every joke misses the kilometer, it's the kind of movie that finds someone fighting an invisible man or who has Henry (Jason Logan) a dumb man trying to make a phone call is funny. The Invisible Maniac gives the Police Academy film series (1984 - 1994) the ultimate in sophistication! As for horror, she too is lame. It's also incredibly slow (it takes more than half an hour before Dornwinkles even becomes invisible), dull, predictable, boring and has a very annoying and unbearable teenage character. try and make The Invisible Maniac a slightly pleasant experience. There is no fear, tension or atmosphere and overall, the film is a real chore. It does not do anything with the invisibility angle, some single opening doors are as adventurous as possible. There is very little coolness or violence, a bit of splattering blood, some choking and the only decent little gesture of the movie when someone is cut off with a shotgun. Unfortunately, he was invisible at the time and we only see the headless torso after. <br /> <br /> The budget should be low, and I mean very low, because it is a seriously cheap film. The Dornwinkles laboratory consists essentially of two pots on its bedside table! When he escapes from the psychiatric facility, he is followed by a single dog and the entire school has about a dozen students and two teachers. Invisible Maniac is a mediocre film that lasts 85 minutes. I spotted the microphone on at least one occasion ... Let's just say that the acting is of a low level and that it remains there. <br /> <br /> The invisible maniac is a shit, simple and clean. I have not found any features there, there are so many more movies of better quality than you can watch, so there is no reason to waste your time on this nonsense. Certainly one to avoid.
