Hellborn debuts as a young psychiatric doctor, James Bishop (Matt Stasi), who resides at the St. Andrews Insane Asylum, or "mental health facility," as they like to call it. -low. With nearly 600 patients, Bishop meets his boss, Dr. McCort (Bruce Payne). He is put to work. He goes to Room 'A' where some seriously disturbed and dangerous patients are being held. If that was not enough during his first visit, Bishop finds a corpse and receives threatening graffiti that dot his room. Bishop begins to hear stories from patients about sinister incidents at the asylum and quickly discovers that the stories have more than a hint of truth about them ... <br /> <br /> Known as As the asylum of the damned in the United States, this supernatural horror film was directed by Philip J. Jones and I rather enjoyed it, but in the end, there were too many unsatisfactory elements for me to take full advantage of it. Matt McCombs' scenario is taken very seriously and I liked the basic idea behind some of the ideas, but there are some things that go against that idea. For starters, the film is too slow, the story is pretty good and does not come out too early, but it takes an absolute age to start and I quickly lost interest every minute that passed. I also thought that the so-called end of torsion was far too predictable and that the end itself was much too bland and forgotten. It's a shame because I liked the story, the character, the setting and some of the ideas, but it's just too slow and downright boring to be entertained for 90 minutes. This is one of those films I would like to recommend, but honestly, I can not. <br /> <br /> Director Jones does a good job. It's actually a well-lit and atmospheric film. I would not say there is something scary here. I do not know if Hellborn was shot in a real lunatic asylum, but if it was not, they did a great job on the sets and the film looks great. Unfortunately, there is a real lack of coolness or action, there are two wounds in the form of a handprint and a sliced ​​tongue, and that's it, absolutely nothing else in terms of blood or blood must not be disappointed. Based on who you believe and the criticism you're reading, the special effects are the worst or the best, as well as the dedicated observers of budget horror in a costume-like effect rather than a terrible graphic. CGI computer although this is an awesome costume. It all depends on your expectations, I guess. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is good, it looks pretty and the lack of CGI effects is something I hailed. The acting is not great, but it certainly could have been better. <br /> <br /> Hellborn is a film that disappointed me, there were good things about it, but at the same time terrible things that unfortunately go well. I liked some parts, but after a 90-minute viewing experience, I would find it totally impossible to recommend to anyone.
