This is the page of "House of Exorcism", but most people have confused this film with Mario Bava's masterpiece, "Lisa & the Devil", which explains the ridiculously high classification of this "House of Exorcism". exorcism ". When "Lisa & the Devil" was featured in film festivals in the early 70's, success was critical. The audience reacted well to this beautiful Gothic horror movie. Unfortunately, he was a little ahead of his time and was considered too unusual and not commercial enough for mass consumption. No distributor would buy it. Producer Alfredo Leone decided to mount "Lisa", apparently with a chainsaw, removing about half of the original film and adding new scenes that he had filmed two years after the original product! It is important to note that Bava had little to do with these new hideous additions, so technically "House of Exorcism" is not a Bava movie. The original product is a slow, dreamy and elegant production. A few minutes after the beginning of the film, the viewer is upset by this dreamlike world. We see Lisa (two years older and with a very different haircut), begins to twist on the floor, emitting guttural sounds and epitaph croaks as "sucks my co @ k", etc. Subtle, huh? And the film continues like this, jumping between a beautiful visual film and a scam of grade Z "Exorcist". Leone tried to incorporate these shock scenes, while maintaining a semblance of history intact. He has failed miserably. When the choice was made to destroy "Lisa and the Devil", Bava himself refused, claiming that his film was too good to be cut. He was right and it must have been very sad for this artist to see all his work destroyed and flushed. It took many years before the original "Lisa and the Devil" was reviewed, resurfaced on television late at night. I had seen "Lisa" long before I saw this new version, and it was downright disturbing to see one of my favorite movies "vandalized" this way. It's worth the trip only out of curiosity. Otherwise, avoid this insidious disaster like the plague.
