But I doubt that many were running this movie. Or "Some came out of the cinema". Ok, it's a little hard. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a funny comic: Frankie-boy returns to his hometown after many years (it already smells clichés) and the whole city is shaken by his arrival: we talk about it, everyone wants to talk to him, and every woman he meets flirts with him like there's no tomorrow - even his niece hints that she'd happily spend her date chatting a little longer with Frankie-boy! Even his pretty niece wants a piece of him! It sounds like one of those laughable episodes of "Mike Hammer" where EVERY single wants Stacey Keach. And, like Stacey Keach, Frankie-boy is anything but the wet dream of a beautiful woman. In real life, someone like Sinatra (without fame) would not be less than 100 m from a person as beautiful as MacLaine. But in this Hollywood movie, it's the opposite: MacLaine is crazy about Frankie-boy, but HE does not care! Sinatra plays her "cool" shtick far too often in her films, and is rarely credible. Dean Martin is kind of a bad idea. he does not play badly as a card player, but rather because of the accent that just does not suit him. MacLaine is charming as always, but she plays a caricature - and this addiction to cartoons is one of the film's fundamental problems. The main characters are all kind of stereotypes from bad movies or cheap novels. Frankie is the "cool cat" who returns to the city to pick up all the women and he does not care about his writing (which, as one might expect, ends up being recognized). Martin is a sleazy but friendly card player. MacLaine is the dumb bimbo but very nice; Frankie's blond love is an arrogant literary expert; Frankie's brother is the successful guy who got married to his wife's trade and has a lousy marriage; etc. Clichés. <br /> <br /> The story contains some coincidences a little far-fetched for my taste: Frankie stumbles upon his niece in a locality; his niece is a few feet away from his father when he kisses his secretary for the first time; and then there is the terrible and stupid end. <br /> <br /> In this one, a drunk man determined to kill Frankie-boy manages to find him in a carnival of all places! The place is completely crowded, with the typical noise and chaos - plus, it happens in the evening - and yet the guy somehow finds Frankie (although he's drunk like a doorknob) and shoots him . But guess who he is killing? MacLaine. She jumps in front of the ball to save Frankie: a cliché to which comic writers could be overwhelmed. This end completely pathetic, too dramatic and boring certainly can not please a spectator, even semi-intelligent. And that happens the same day that MacLaine and Sinatra got married! The writer of this nonsense seems to have read all his life unhealthy rotten novels - how else to explain the writing of this film? There is even a card game in which a fight ensues with Frankie & Martin against caricatures of clichés coming out of the "living" imagination of the writer. (It was like a fucking western suddenly.) Another stupid thing is how Sinatra was crazy about the boring bimbo with a snotty nose and almost ignored MacLaine. As the movie progresses, we discover that Sinatra finds MacLaine too silly for him, just as the blond bimbo finds Sinatra too poor for her. There is some snobbery and disdain to detect in the MacLaine script. MacLaine is considered a nobody by everyone, while the blond bimbo is treated like a princess and an intellectual. the ironic truth is that the character of the latter is rather dumb and not at all intellectual; his behavior, comments and opinions are mostly clichéd, stupid, confused, pretentious and primitive. At least MacLaine SAIT's character (MacLaine) is stupid. There is another irony that I have not failed to notice: Sinatra has struggled to find an end to his latest story - a bit like the writer of this movie, and that's why he invented the cheesy finale and crappy. The film has a solid base, and the photography is nice, but the scenario, though sometimes correct, relies too much on stupid nonsense rather than on characters and events based on reality. <br /> <br /> If If you want to read my "biographies" of Shirley MacLaine and other Hollywood intellectuals, contact me by email.
