Vera-Ellen, oddly named, was at the cinema dancing what Sonja Henie was in the cinema: blonde, young girl, always beautiful to watch, but not particularly good actress and usually loaded with weak material. When I look at Vera-Ellen's sexy apache dancing with Gene Kelly in "Words and Music", I can not help but notice that her blouse (yellow with thin horizontal red stripes) seems to be crafted from the flag of South Vietnam. For some reason, the very American Vera-Ellen played in * two * musicals (separated from several years) taking place in Edinburgh, a city famous for its tap dancers: "Let's Be Happy" and "Happy Go Lovely" . <Br/> <br /> In this latest film, Cesar Romero plays an American impresario who, for some reason, stages a musical comedy in Edinburgh. There is a vague attempt to link this show to the Edinburgh Festival, which is absurd: the Festival is not a showcase for dazzling leg performances. We also see some images of the Royal Mile: apart from some highland accents, there is no attempt to convey the Scottish atmosphere in this film. The funniest gag happens at the very beginning, when we learn that the title of Romero's show is 'Frolics to You': it's a cheeky word game that the British will have and the Yanks do not want . <br /> <br /> Vera- Ellen is, as usual, cute and attractive and an impressive dancer, but the very rare musical numbers of this film are boring and bad. The plot - the mistaken identity between magnate David Niven and journalist Gordon Jackson - is without thought, but no more than the plot of dozens of Hollywood musicals. Romero is less annoying than usual here, probably because (for once) he does not have to convince us that he is interested in the heroine's bedding. <br /> <br /> The biggest offense of this movie is its abuse of Bobby Howes Sally Ann Howes' father was a big star in West End stage musicals; his nostalgic rendition of "She's My Lovely" was a great success in Britain in 1937. He appears here in several scenes as Romero's dog body, but never has the chance to participate in a musical number, nor even a real comedy. It is quite criminal that this film - with a title containing the word "Lovely", certainly evokes the greatest success of Howes - plays a major player in British music but leaves him nothing to do! <br /> <br /> The actress Ambrosine Phillpotts (with whom I once worked) shines in a sequence of a restaurant and gives a glimpse of the doomed beauty, Kay Kendall. As Vera-Ellen's confidante, Diane Hart expresses herself in one of the most annoying voices I've ever heard: it sounds like an attempt to emulate Joan Greenwood and Glynis Johns at the same time, but does not fit no more. Val Guest has a history credit, but this film does not present the quality of his brilliant comedies. Color photography is miserable, although I realize that post-war Britain could not afford to work for Hollywood. "Happy Go Lovely" is at best a waste of pleasant time, with "waster" being the key word. I will rate this movie only 4 out of 10.
