You must understand that when Wargames was released in 1983, it created a budding hacker generation. The idea that a teenager could do something very big, without even deterring a world war, was new and exciting. Real computers were starting to appear in people and, for the first time, the company was becoming interconnected in order to make the film extremely exciting. Admittedly, a talking computer balancing the free time between chess and the global thermonuclear war was a little exaggerated, but the brilliant commentary on nuclear proliferation and the cold war made up for it. I probably even heard about the hackers on which this movie was based. <br /> <br /> 25 years later, we have a horrible mutant of something that I hate to call a "sequel", called Wargames: The Dead Code. I will understand right away. First, the plot is based on a gaming site run by the government where the players who win the matches automatically become terrorist suspects. You are probably very confused right now. The idea is that the terrorist eventually clicks on the sub-game of the website "The Dead Code" where he pilots a plane over a city and sprays it with biological weapons. At some point in the game you have to choose between "sarin gas" and "anthrax". If you choose "sarin", you are automatically recognized as an expert in bioterrorism weapons and your family is arrested and interrogated. In the movie, this really happens. However, as the game payment was made from a suspicious bank account, all of this makes sense. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the artificial intelligence avatar contained in this bomb directly linked to the DVD is annoying. flash animation that constantly repeats the sound phrase "play with me baby". Because apparently in the future, advanced AI loses interest in intellectual activities like chess and enters porn. <br /> <br /> Third, the motivation of these "hackers" is profit and women, as opposed to pure curiosity the original movie. For some reason, the recent hacker movies feel the need to portray all young adults as average types of surfers who look like those who are just like any other. It may work for your average sitcom, but come on, you will not learn to take government computers by styling yourself, playing sports, and shopping at the mall. The only new thing that I noticed is that at some point in the dialogue, there is a reference to a film by Matt Damon, then to the following sentence: "Happy hunting, will". I swear, they named the main character Will just for this sentence so they could send a high five to Mr. Damon. This kid from Will is not bad, but he certainly was not an obsessive hacker I've ever met. I can not really say how upset I am that this film shares the same name as the original, because it has absolutely nothing to do with it, except? Professor Falken and Joshua (WOPR) make a comeback in this film, as a lame old man who is apparently dying of boredom and an old dilapidated tic-tac-toe machine with a sharper voice. After some encouragement, Joshua (the AI) has what seems to be sex with the new AI with the porn voice, a lot of board games are flashing on the big screens, and all "The only way to win is to not not play "the revelation is supposed to be the decisive moment. Except those of us who have seen the original, you know, those who would like to see it in the first place have already been and have already done so. A recycled end for a film made from last month's compost. <br /> <br /> The new movie was directed by a guy who shot 90210 and written by guys who make B movies. The original was directed by a guy who took care of " Heroes ", so you see the difference in quality. We were talking about a real remake, but I hope they do not destroy this classic again. I swear that if I have to, I will visit all gambling websites until I find one that is run by a psychotic government computer. The saving grace is that I was able to broadcast it on Netflix. At least the only energy I spent to watch this disaster was therefore for breathing, slapping and indigestion.
