Someone, someday, should study architecture as it appears in horror movies; from all these explorations of oddly arranged dwellings, search for secret passages and crypts, tracking down monsters through air ducts, etc. At first glance, I only remember a few films in which architecture has always played a major role - "Demon Seed", "Cube", the remake of "Thirteen Ghosts" - but it's at the heart of all stories about a house or a spooky church. or crypt; it is about the character and effect of spaces, passages and walls. I was waiting for this thriller that promised to be central. The idea is: an architect has built - in fact, rebuilt - for himself an immense and rambling house; his wife has just left him, mainly because of his egocentricity, but also, it is said, because she can not get used to this place since he remodeled it. Living in unusual loneliness (real this time rather than virtual), he comes to suspect that someone else - a stranger who came to the door one evening to ask to use the phone and then suddenly disappeared - lives in the house with him; only the place is big enough that he will never see it. <br /> <br /> It's a good start for a melodrama, which one would expect to develop along lines such as these: After searching the intruder in the house Some times without success, the architect uses his plans to undertake more systematic research, attempting in various ways to surprise, intercept or ambush the intruder, perhaps by means of special functions that he has integrated into the structure. During this time, the intruder discovered hiding places and remote paths between places that the architect had neither planned nor retained. The film would turn into a game of cat and mouse, a hunt, a battle; and finally, in trying to trap the intruder, the architect himself would be trapped in his own creation, in a way he did not expect. Then he would have to believe himself outside - and perhaps at the same time out of his own self-imposed isolation - and in a final reversal he could nail and possibly even kill the kid. <br /> Nothing like this happens in this movie; the house is just a house, the architect is just a guy, and his nemesis is of an unknown character, if he exists. Here is what happens in the film: Once the intruder is installed in the house - if he does - the architect starts to hear noises, but when he goes to investigate, he finds nothing. He calls the police, they think he's slightly crazy; he persuades his ex-wife to spend the night, she thinks he's more crazy. Finally, more or less accidentally, he runs into the intruder (he does not see well, but figures, who else could it be?). This is not a difficult question, in a story with less than three main characters), after which he locks the doors, lowers the window grilles, throws the key (I do not know why he thought it necessary) and lets his victim starving. I missed why it was a given: the doors and walls are steel? In any case, the architect sleeps in his car. And since the idea of ​​the film has remained untapped and can no longer be developed, you have to design something else. And that's it: the architect - are you ready? - settles in the house of the man who (presumably) has moved into his house and lives there in the same way. How is it possible? This is not the case, but the film follows this path to give the impression that it was so: the architect drew the portrait of the man who came to his door; and when he leaves the house, he takes the picture with him; and, sitting in his car, he throws the picture on the street; and two children pick him up and find that he looks like Martin, their neighbor; after which the architect asks where his house is and the children indicate the way. <br /> <br /> If this sequence seems to approach the improbable, that's what follows. The architect settles with Martin's wife in a wheelchair without his knowledge; so sneaky in his movements and so sneaky in his reading of his hostess that he is always able to leave a room when she enters or to hide when she turns around. Throughout this section, the film is intelligent in one sense, implying (or letting the viewer say) that his life with this stranger, who does not know himself present, is essentially the same as he lived with his wife. as a virtual recluse with her as a practical buffer. But at the same time, his inability to live in the world makes his transformation into Raffles the totally incredible burglar. Do not go into the series of twists at the end - including another murder committed by locking someone behind another invincible door - this one in front of a landing so fragile that it collapses under the weight of an armchair rolling; two nice people who are murdering fast; and (before the story begins) the unnoticed construction of a tunnel under several houses ... At the last long-awaited reverberation, the film adds another, to make it even more offensive, then ... ends. <br /> <br /> Here is a story that depends on the development of two things - the idea of ​​the stranger in the house and the character of the man who has his home - and who escapes at the same time. The first fumble makes it boring; the second made me angry, pushing his main character further and further into an increasingly zigzagging path, without ever explaining to the character who needed it most: Martin, the tunnel builder and the stealthy tenant. The story should be redone by someone one day.
