"Absolute Beginners" was a film for the younger generation, a multi-time film that discussed the problems young people face in Britain and how these disturbing problems constantly striking each note can affect the youth of tomorrow. It could have been nicknamed the "Moulin Rouge" of the 80s, but it disappeared. It has made its mark very shallow on the world, snuck under the radar, and can now be found dusting off the music section, the humor section, or the politically obscure section of this shabby video store that does not need of chain money to survive. Alas, that's not where I found it ?? but I found it, looked at it, tried to do my best to sing, looked into Bowie's eyes, but found myself faded at the end. Has not he survived the test of time? Are the 1950s in London too far from our present society? Is Bowie too scary? I think that "Absolute Beginners" is somewhere in each of these questions. This is the perfect example of cinema that starts with a bang, but eventually fades at the end. <br /> <br /> "Absolute Beginners" begins with a huge number that leads us through the unpaved London streets that involve flying, night, prostitutes to every corner, dancing, drinking like rivers, and links the most chic on almost every individual. It sounds like a place we'd all hate ?? right? Director Julien Temple keeps the mood light and bright in most songs as we try to learn something about a plethora of our main characters. Colin played by Eddie O'Connell, who follows his dream of becoming a photographer while filming his favorite daughter, Suzette (played by Patsy Kensit). These two have chemistry and, although Suzette looks like Lohan before her rehabilitation, they worked for me. There was a huge spark between them, the chemistry looked like lava and I thought that these two could lead me on a road that I had never taken. I was ready ?? but then, something happened. Temple takes us out of the nightlife, takes us out of the city with which we grew up early and completely reverses the roles without dedicating the first. Suzette runs away, Colin becomes a pervert, and Bowie ?? well ?? I do not know what his role is, but he sings surprisingly well by climbing a mountain ?? I can tell you a lot. Temple gives us this flashy city, this opportunity to see those who live there, but lets us hang up and dry when it's time to pull the trigger. We learn more about Colin, but no one else. I could probably watch this movie again and still be so confused as to who is angry at who and how important fashion was at that time. Also, were they really teenagers ?? they all seemed to want to push back their last twenty years, but maybe it was my television. <br /> <br /> Development of the character thrown at the door, Temple tries to overcompensate by offering us songs bigger and more sumptuous, with even more characters. that we do not know anything. One of my favorite songs in the movie uses this thought as a great example. Temple uses a shared house to show us the life of Colin's parents (I did not know it was after the movie) and a song that screamed apathy. A beautiful song, too many characters, not enough time, suddenly trained in another scene of missing coherence, and it fell to pieces in your hands. Then, if that were not enough, we shake our heads at the rhythm of great songs, we rub our words to try to understand where our characters are or go, and Temple throws in the final of the hate, the anger and the political act. I was hoping this film would have a specific theme, but I did not think racism would be in the foreground. Suddenly, friends are missing, people are angry, and there is some guy fighting Colin because he lives in poverty and has a friend of a different race? Someone helps me here. It seemed completely hasty and overwhelming ?? almost to the point of wanting to extinguish the film. For me, the end of "Absolute Beginners" was far from the excitement of the opening number. This first part set the tone and Temple could not follow. <br /> <br /> Overall, I must say that Temple can make a video clip, but I do not think he was quite ready for the feature film. I do not think this film will ever achieve the status of "sect" and will probably remain unknown or in the pockets of dollars for years to come. It's a fun movie to watch at first, but when we get to the last part, it explodes from the inside. I wanted some cutting edge work, but instead, what I found is a weird Bowie associated with characters that do not interest me. I could see how this film could relate to the youth of the 80s, but in the end, he felt forced. I think everyone in this production should have taken a moment to listen to Bowie's "Motivation" in this perhaps scary film, which may have helped to consolidate this feature in a status of best cult. . I'm glad I saw this movie once, but that's all my little brain can handle. I loved the way Temple caught me from the start, but he could not control his characters (way too much) and the songs did not seem to match the last moments of the movie. He came out of nowhere and was not welcomed. If it was a film about racism, it had to be from the beginning. "Absolute Beginners" was a welcome adventure, but I do not think I'll dust off this movie in the future. <br /> <br /> Note: ** on *****
