This film ends with a speech in which the narrator tells us the fate of two of the main characters and that the names of people and places were changed ... before telling us that the relationship with people and real events is purely fortuitous. This final line sums up in fact all that preceded; as Rino Di Silvestro's disordered film lacks vision, and if there is any point in the plot; he was not put there on purpose. Werewolf is often considered a guilty pleasure or a film "so bad that it's good", but I totally disagree. Normally, I like movies like this one; but Werewolf Woman is indeed a bad film, and despite all the sex and savagery exposed; it's not even a fun watch, and it's really unforgivable. The film does not really have much intrigue, but the thin thread that is given to us involves a young woman, who also dreams of being a werewolf. She dreams of going out and finding men, having sex with them and killing them. Back in the real world, she falls in love, but her lover is killed and she takes revenge for revenge ... <br /> <br /> The film is composed of scenes of sex and gore, which are padded with Extremely boring sequences in which different characters reflect on recent events. These scenes are probably there to convey the plot and build characters; but they really do not, and only succeed in turning what could have been a workable adventure into an extremely disappointing movie. It seems that the director is more interested in style and atmosphere than in the plot, which is demonstrated by the fact that the film has a beautiful appearance. The sex scenes are often very long and not very erotic, but the gore works well. The premise is ripe to give way to a very sexy exploitation, because there are many naked women, and the fact that the central character has a werewolf origin means that there could be a lot of eroticism; but it's not exploited, and although I can handle huge doses of unhealthy and poorly executed intrigues, I really can not stand watching movies and getting bored. Overall, I would not even recommend this movie to big fans of exploitation. There are many better things than these, and although the title may seem intriguing, the film is not.
