"The Lupa Mannara" aka. "Werewolf Woman" from 1976 is a very promising film, but, unfortunately, the film itself is far from being a must for my Horror lovers. You will not hear me say that Rino Di Silvestri's movie is totally bad - it has its own stylish moments and the first part is really fun to watch (even if the pleasure is involuntary). The film also benefits from an exceptional actress, Annik Borel. However, the film, which has no real plot (at least linear), often has no meaning, and it drags incredibly throughout the second half, which is essentially superfluous. dream of dancing naked in the night before turning into a werewolf. Since she was raped as a girl, Daniella is afraid of men. Then, when her sister (the cult siren Dagmar Lassander) comes to visit her husband, Daniella suddenly feels attracted to the husband and then turns into a werewolf woman herself ... or something. The scenario does not really make sense, which makes the movie very entertaining to watch throughout the first half. The main character Daniella is a schizophrenic mixture of icy, hysterical and vigorous nymphomaniacs, who sometimes turns into a werewolf woman. The director Di Silvestri has chosen to compensate for the holes of the plot with a lot of female nudity, which suits me perfectly. There are also bloody moments quite well done. The film is never a little suspenseful or scary, but it is very entertaining at first. In addition, there is nothing to indicate that it is a slice of film, the camera is often close-ups on the private parts of Miss Borel for the sheer pleasure of doing so. I am not complaining. Then, for whatever reason, Di Silvestri chose to lengthen the film by completely changing the direction in which he was heading. While Daniella is, in the beginning, a typical werewolf, who can not help but follow the desires of her fate, it suddenly changes when she meets a guy (Howard Ross, who was in Fernando's "Il Boss" Di Leo in 1973). Suddenly she returns to normal, and the next part of the movie does not go at all with the first half. It becomes damn boring after a while; All things considered, it would probably have been better if this 99-minute film lasted only 70 minutes. In the end, they even want us to believe that the absurd story (if we can call it that) is based on real events. "Werewolf" has some redemptive qualities; My Italo-Horror fans can try it. However, if you want to watch the Italian cinema Horror / Exploitation of the 70s, you must see hundreds of movies before seeing this one.
