I guess writers have never read a book of any kind, let alone a Dickens novel, and certainly not David Copperfield, and that they based their screenplay on another badly written script, probably an adaptation of Copperfield , although on the other hand, they randomly cast about a third of the pages, then mixed the rest, as well as random pages of a scenario that the eighth-grade nephew had written for an English course and for which he had failed. <br /> <br /> If the cast was a bad joke - for example, Richards in the role of Kramer in Micawber - as was the case, the staging and actor play were striking lines mediocre. Going beyond Kramer as Micawber, if possible, Ham was such a complete ogre, so backward-looking, that I was expecting a moment to see him pursued by an angry fork and a torch brandishing a crowd of villagers. Uriah was almost as clown as Micawber. Mr. Murdstone evoked about as much terror as this Muppet vampire from Sesame Street. The actor playing older David was, I believe, actually a woman. In any case, having the perpetual air of wanting to find a mirror to see how pretty he was, and imagining that he was really pretty, he could not convince us that he was writing with a goose feather . And while we're dealing with this subject, in one of the many blatant inaccuracies perpetrated by the half-witted producers of this embarrassment, in David's useless clichés writing his story, he seems to be between 18 and 21 years old, should be in his forties. The biggest transgression, though difficult to choose, is perhaps the invented confrontation between David and Murdstone when he courts a third woman in Switzerland, preceded of course by the invented death of Murdstone's second wife. While they were there, it is amazing that they did not send Heep to the guillotine and that they delivered it to the famous last words of Sidney Carton. It could not have made the situation worse. It could have been much better. <br /> <br /> There are literally thousands of big and small sins against literature throughout this miscarriage of art, and whoever looks at it may suffer serious and permanent damage to all aspects of Literature. their sensitivity.
