London Dreams, directed by Vipul Shah, is a stupidly frustrating movie about fools. This is the kind of movie whose central conflict could be instantly solved if the characters involved sat down and talked. Ajay Devgan plays Arjun, an aspiring artist-artist obsessed with the show in front of an enthusiastic crowd at Wembley Stadium in London. He becomes jealous of his best friend and member of his devoted group, Manu, played by Salman Khan, who is obviously more talented than him, but not as focused or ambitious. Arjun decides to sabotage Manu when the popularity of Manu threatens to surpass his. Now, here is where a heart to heart could have helped. If Arjun had explained what this fixation of Wembley meant for him, Manu would have graciously yielded and let Arjun realize his childhood dream, and we would have been spared the pain of looking at the rest of this irrelevant drivelation. But director Vipul Shah and his writers are not in the mood to help us. London Dreams is full of unintentionally hilarious jewels, such as this story about Arjun's grandfather who committed suicide in a shameful manner for having the stage fright at a packed Wembley concert. Or the ridiculous incident of a show where Manu must assume vocal responsibilities after an explosion of confetti virtually stifles Arjun in silence. Idiocy, however, does not stop there. In his attempts to shame Manu publicly, Arjun uses his relationships to make him addicted to drugs. A busty groupie urges Manu to take a few tequila shots with her but replaces her salt with cocaine. Before you know it, Manu has acquired a certain appetite for addictive white powder, reducing it almost like a dinner. If it's not stupid enough, there's a rough scene later in which Manu goes after the girl to find out who she's been taking orders from. The pursuit ends in a dark London alley where the girl knelt pretending to do the unmentionable to deceive the girlfriend Manu who followed them in secret. Wait, there is more! Expect to scream hysterically when Arjun picks up his belt and whips up ruthlessly to banish any idea of ​​love or lust towards the group's main dancer, Priya (played by Asin), because nothing and no one owes him distract from his musical goals. Too generously inspired by Amadeus of Milos Forman to deserve any comparison with Rock On !, the latest in Vipul Shah is a clumsy melodrama that is as vaguely directed as expected. The film focuses on humor, exquisite emotions and opts for volume rather than subtlety. It works for the character of Manu, with Salman Khan playing it zany and adorable, but in the case of Arjun, Ajay Devgan is too passive with an essentially internalized performance. However, when Arjun reaches its boiling point, it results in a troublesome pre-climax scene in which he gives lectures in a crowded concert hall and is naturally bombarded with plastic bottles as a punishment. Among the remaining actors, I can not say a kind word for Asin, who has almost illuminated Ghajini with his overflowing charm, but disappoints here with a useless over-action in an ungrateful role. Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapur, reduced to the role of teammates in the group, present themselves at regular intervals, usually to launch a senseless dialogue of the genre "We will break the mouth!" London Dreams is ultimately a tedious watch for its understated writing and fuzzy direction. If you must do it, watch for Salman Khan, who turned buffoonery into a true acting style. This is the only thing that will make you smile in this sad and sad movie.
