When this film first aired on television, I was optimistic that we would finally have a decent film about the First World War, lived by American soldiers. Unfortunately, it is not the case. <br /> <br /> That should have been a good movie about the First World War. Although designed for television, it is clear that real efforts have been made to use the appropriate equipment and accessories. But writing and directing are sorely lacking, even though the directors of this film borrowed freely from many well-made war films. The clichés of war movies abound, like that of the arrogant general who apparently does not care about the lives of his men. When will Hollywood realize that, even though there were many bad generals, most combat unit generals themselves have seen a lot of fighting and are not naive about what the average growling is experimenting with? ? The first part of this film seemed to be "Paths of Glory" with American uniforms. Except that "Paths of Glory" was emotionally striking. Later, there was the charge of Chamberlain (except uphill) of "Gettysburg" and even the capture of the American soldier by a group of enemy soldiers of "The Thin Red Line". But in "The Thin Red Line", the soldier was alone when he was captured. In this film, a ring forms around the new prisoner in the middle of a battle. <br /> <br /> If this film used a military advisor, he did not know it. Although the actors (and I could never forget they were actors while watching) said military tactics, I did not see much. The American soldiers would get up to get shot while the Germans attack. And the infamous Storm Troopers, seemingly blind, do not seem to use any tactics for their attack. In the real war, tactics were what made the troops so effective. But the most stupid scene was the attack of German flamethrowers. In this scene, German flamethrower operators have walked in a broad line towards the Americans in defense. If that had been true, they would never have been close enough to use their flamethrowers until they were all dropped by the defender's bullets. <br /> <br /> Okay, so most war movies are unrealistic about the tactics presented. . But it's always disappointing. But what really shocked me was the typical anti-military angle that filmmakers seem to consider important. That's right, war is hell. But most American soldiers, even if they grumble and complain, tend to believe in what they do and can be rather gung-ho about it. My grandfather served during the First World War. Even though he died four years before I was born, I was told how proud he was of his service.
