Movies featuring child actors get on their backs from the start. With a few exceptions, the majority of children simply can not act and even those who can normally become annoying after a few minutes. The children of Paperhouse have managed to capture the worst of both worlds, as they are very annoying and do not have an ounce of playability between them. In short; they are garbage. This is not good, since they are the main actors, and especially when we take into account that it is almost impossible to take this film seriously because of the void actors. It is unfortunate that this film is a total loss while the plot is not (not completely). The result is a young girl who, after drawing a house in her notebook, wakes up in the fantastic world she has created. It soon becomes clear that she can manipulate this world through her drawings and thus undertakes various modifications, until her dream finally becomes a nightmare. Oh my God. <br /> <br /> As you can see, this plot is a good starting point for a great horror movie. However, it is wasted through a number of fatal mistakes. First and foremost, despite the fact that the principle is excellent for a lot of inventiveness; the film is extremely bland. The central plot is barely played and the result is a totally boring experience. Lack of tension is another big gap in the movie, because it seems appropriate to drag each sequence to a point that matters less to you (which is due to a lack of ideas). Thanks in part to its main characters, the film has always been a children's movie. This was to be expected because it showcases children, but Bernard Rose should have decided on the inclination he wanted to put in the story; as the horror in the movie is at best laughable. The film is also very cheesy and the "romance" between the two protagonists is extremely interesting and makes viewing very painful. In fact, if I had to summarize this parody in one word, I would choose "painful". Paperhouse is badly done, ridiculously plotted, very tacky and dull overall. Spare the pain, see something else.
