The Eternal Jew (Der Ewige Jude) does not have what we would today call the marks of a scientific document: rather than appointing experts or sources to support what he says, he simply says, without opposition What he wants us to believe (I'll concede that the American news of this period was also much less regulated than it would seem ethical for a modern audience, often inserting dramatized scenes and making them look like real news clips ). Add to this directed propaganda the fact that the filmmaker Hippler "preached to the converts", not so much asking the kind Europeans to hate the Jews as to validate the feelings that so many of them already had to experience, in order to have allowed the holocaust that followed. . The weakest connection of the logic of the film appears in its "rat" analogy, in which it explains the behavior of the rats, then adds something to the effect of "Well, the Jews are also like that". Similarly, the Jewish people are described as ugly by showing an ugly Jewish people in relation to attractive gentiles; the act of faith that accompanies it is that ugly is bad. The film seems to contradict itself a few times, for example by attacking Western painters who have portrayed Old Testament figures as light-skinned Europeans. thus, the text recognizes that the so-called "Hebrew" ethnicity is in fact an ingrained aspect of Christian culture. It also shows that Jews in the ghetto live happily in filthy infestations of cockroaches, despite the supposed treasure they have amassed, and then turn around saying that these same undesirables live in wealth and luxury as soon as they they leave the ghetto. Besides, who would not? The use of scenes from a well-known American film, House of Rothschild, shows a logic unfolding just as vaguely. First, the film is denounced as having been made by Jews. Hippler then apparently uses it to verify the misleading character of the Jews (the aforementioned pretext of poverty of the Jews in the ghetto, presented as a means of avoiding taxes, although the character of Rothschild "means that the Jews are taxed excessively "; finally the Rothschild film is once again hated for hinting that the famous bank account invented the current account.That apparent indecision as to whether American images are shown positively or negatively could become clearer after repeated screenings, but at first glance, it results in some confusion in the film.For all imperfections of Eternal Jewels, I was initially surprised to note that the popularity rating of the film IMDb for this film is also than it is, just below "5." I would say that this is because the documentary value of EJ has exceeded its initial objective, offering us, unintentionally, a glimpse of the life of European Jews, as they would not be seen in a few years. Needless to say, the very wickedness of the film also provides a historical glimpse of bad or just evil cinema as a propagandist tool. At about the same time, I should expect Director Hippler to turn around again, saying, "That's what I wanted to do from the beginning!" The scenes depicting the slaughter of animals are particularly horrific and show that they are decidedly inhumane, contrary to the intention of the kosher law to avoid the suffering of animals. I would like someone who has seen the film and who has some knowledge of these procedures to be able to say whether the representation is accurate.
