The Fall of Usher House, or The Fall of the House of Usher as it is known to the English public, begins with Allan (Charles Lamy) who heads to the castle of his good friend Sir Roderick Usher (Jean Debucourt) who sent him a letter saying that his wife Madeleine is sick. Once there, Allan finds Madeleine very ill and her husband, Roderick, determined and almost obsessed with painting his portrait. As Roderick paints Madeleine becomes weaker, almost as if the picture empties her, Allan tries to help his friend, but the tragedy strikes soon ... <br /> <br /> This production French was co-written, produced and directed by Jean Epstein & was the second of two filmed adaptations of The Fall of the Usher House in 1928, honestly, I do not know if the original novel was published in 1839, I mean that you wait 89 years for a filmed adaptation & two come at the same time! Anyway, I have a little problem here because I've read a lot of positive comments about The Fall of Usher House and maybe I'm not the right kind of person to write a comment right here. above, but I must say that it just did not do anything for me. The first thing to say is that it is a silent film and therefore relies on images. Despite everything, I thought the story was weak, I thought that overall, the movie was boring and dull even though it only lasted about an hour and it really did not do anything to me at all. The fall of Usher House was made almost 80 years ago and it's literally a life, the world, cinema and tastes have evolved a lot since then and I found no pleasure in this film. I think this movie went awry and was probably not very good at first. I never worried about any character, I never cared about what was happening and I found it rather tedious to sit. I'm sorry if I offended silent film fans, but that's how I felt. <br /> <br /> The director Epstein is doing an acceptable job, a lot of people are discussing pictures of The Fall of the Usher House and I'll admit that it's definitely moments but I thought they were rare and distant from each other. Shots of people moving the word and not hearing what they say seemed to me rather odd, I did not like the music & the version I saw kept the original French insert cards that were told by a guy with a thick French accent who was also putting on. According to Edgar Allen Poe's story, I doubt that this sounds much like one or two basic elements. Stay with the fantastic Roger Corman House of Usher with Vincent Price. <br /> Technically, the movie was OK considering when it was done. You simply can not talk about the act, no one ever speaks, although the film is full of unnatural exaggerated movements to try and suggest emotions or to reflect what is happening, which works to some extent, but after a while he seems a little silly. The Fall of the Usher House will appeal to those who aspire to a bygone era, who live in caves or who are stuck in the past, for me, I like that my films have a story, do not bother me and have a his & I'm sorry if this last statement makes me feel like an idiot without an education, but that's how I feel. The world has evolved since 1928 and for the better.
