It is obvious that the people who created "Dead At The Box Office" love the horror of the movie series B. The references to the genre are ubiquitous, ranging from the characters of the reserve (the figure of authority who does not believe in the monstrous invasion is really going on) at the Kevin Smith-style discussions or at the re-enactment of Duane Jones' last moments in Night of the Living Dead. but twice. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, it takes more than just love to make a good movie. <br /> <br /> The choice of staging and shooting is neither exciting nor imaginary. While one of the most common warnings in film schools is to avoid "Mastershot Theater," which tells the story completely in a wide shot, we find here the obverse because in many sequences it is difficult to understand the spatial relationships between the characters because the story is told. a series of medium shots without a decisive blow to bind him. The editing is dull and basic and there are sometimes unmotivated cuts. The lighting is flat and sometimes muddy, making the scenes of the dark theater difficult to distinguish (was there light or was this photo only with the available light?). Some shots are fuzzy. The dialogue is banal, and the performances, for the most part, a note (Isaiah Robinson shows his energy and his presence on the screen under the name of Curtis, and the character playing the projectionist has pleasantly dichishic readings; Michael Allen Williams, director of the theater and Casey Kirkpatrick as an enthusiastic geek of cinema Eric had some good times). The principle is stupid, even for a horror movie B (it's also a pity that Dr. Eisner was not aware of the Paperclip project - he could have avoided a lot of problems!). The "zombies" are not threatening and their make-up is not convincing (although the big zombie who tries to draw a rubber from the machine has a smile). For a zombie movie fan, there is very little blood or violence, although what is well managed. Accidental music, though stylistically uneven, is pretty cool at times, and there are good effects of madness. The parody "Time Warp" was a fun listening, although the images that accompanied it were less fun to watch. Unfortunately, the looping dialogue seems flat. Was this snapshot unsynchronized (doubtful, it looks like a video from start to finish)? I watched Troma Films' special introduction to Lloyd Kaufman before the main movie - although it's mostly about Kaufman plugging his own stuff and admitting he did not see the movie while someone posed as a Toxie mask, its production and entertainment values ​​higher than "Dead ..." itself (except for the one who assembled the DVD - the countdown of the director of the movie n 'beep only on flash-frame 2, not all digits plus one more after). By the way, vampire moviegoers early on in 'Dead ...' seemed a lot more fun than that. Recommendation to avoid, unless you know someone involved in the production or if you are an ardent Completist (he plays "Kaufman the Minion" in the film-in-a-film). <br /> <br /> (Full Description: my girlfriend is an extra in this movie, I swear it did not color my comment.)
