Response to previous comments from residents in the area where this film was slow: One person suggested that the closure and destruction of Ocean View Amusement Park resulted in a slowdown in the surrounding neighborhoods. It's just not true. Prior to the construction of Interstate 64, which bypasses the Ocean View area, the main thoroughfare passed through the heart of Ocean View. Once the highway was completed, Ocean View quickly became a ghost town with the closure of businesses and an increase in crime. This resulted in a significant reduction in park revenues, which was also confronted by new competition from Busch Gardens in nearby Williamsburg. Meanwhile, the city of Norfolk has done a remarkable job of promoting redevelopment, making the area a sought-after location for high-end housing construction. <br /> <br /> It has also been said that the images of destruction of the roller coaster were used in the film "Rollercoaster". This is also wrong. The video was shot of two roller coaster cars leaving for this movie, but the explosions and collapse are those of "Death of Ocean View Park". <br /> <br /> Regarding the film itself, the scenario The "supernatural" force in the water adjacent to the park was certainly stupid, but rather typical of category B films of the time. With the actors involved, it should not be surprising that the scenery was gnawed in almost every scene by the main actors. I do not think this film was meant to be another "Citizen Kane"; I think Playboy was experimenting with a new naked format to determine if this was an area in which the business had to develop (apparently not!). A strange force in the water causing strange events in an old amusement park probably had a good sound at the conference table, but it turned out to be unmanageable. In any case, the roller coaster and the rest of the park were destined for demolition. "Imagine a strange way to justify an explosive disappearance!" <br /> <br /> For the casual viewer, it would be a "see once and forget" movie (except for Diana Canova fans); but for the thousands of people who live in the area and who keep fond memories of the park, this film is like a "walk behind the scenes of memory", which contains images of the park and old images of downtown Norfolk, the first "Harbourfest", and Old Dominion University. Even a limited version of this DVD movie would be welcome.
