It is often said that Tobe Hooper just hit lucky with his horrendous 1974 horror film "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" and every time I see another Hooper film, this view is further reinforced. It seems that Hooper wanted to create his own version of films such as Scanners and Firestarter in 1990. So we end up with spontaneous combustion. a movie with some good ideas and a whole load borrowed from other movies. Gather everything together and you get a messy and boring movie that most people would do well to miss! The film suggests to the public that it could be half decent initially with an intriguing story that focuses on experiments conducted on two young people in the fifties. The couple have a child and soon after they die as a result of their experiences. A few years later, the baby is now an adult named Sam; but naturally, he is not a normal person and quickly discovers when he discovers that he has the ability to set fire to things at will. <br /> <br /> The film stars Brad Dourif, who must have appeared as a good casting choice, given his success with Child's Play two years ago; but it was actually an uninspired decision because the central performance is really terrible; and not helped by the terrible support performances. The turgid direction and the dull script do not make a lot of favors to the film and the tendency to not benefit from it is continued by the special effects, which are very unrealistic and have nothing on the films that this one is doing. to be stolen; all of which were made a few years earlier. The plot is really slow and it takes almost an hour before anything happens, and I did not care even then. The direction of the film will soon become obvious and it all comes down to the tedious end that you would expect. The final confrontation is a big disappointment and nothing is really explained during the film. In any case, no revelation would have been interesting. All in all, it's a junk movie and another reason why Tobe Hooper is far from being a big horror director. See Firestarter again.
