A bizarre exercise by Tobe Hooper about an unhappy young man (Brad Dourif) who can set people on fire. This ability comes from parents who participated in atomic experiments in the 50s. They die from Spontaneous Human Combustion and it seems that what Sam is starting to suffer comes from these pills that his girlfriend, Lisa (Cynthia Bain) gives her to take for violent migraines. In reality, Lew Orlander (William Prince), the father of the young man who raised him as a child, had ordered Lisa to manipulate Sam to take the drugs. Lew has kind projects. He sees Sam as the first "Atomic Man", a pure killing machine in human form. Sam never wanted that and will do everything in his power to silence those responsible for his condition. As the film progresses, Sam's blood slowly becomes toxic, green in color instead of red. It seems that water and other substances that often extinguish the fire respond to the contrary when Sam's uncontrollable fires ignite. Come find out, Lisa has Sam's illness whose parents have also died of CHS. Dr. Marsh (Jon Cypher), whom Sam has long known as his doctor, has to insert poisonous green liquid into their bodies, and I imagine they are increasing their flame level. Nina (Melinda Dillon, wearing a gradually fading accent) was the friend and partner of Sam's parents during experiments in the 1950s trying to talk to him about what was going on. And Rachel (Dey Young) is Sam's ex-wife who could work against her ex-husband, Lew and Marsh, to hurt him and Lisa. flames effects. Dourif tries to bring to his character a tragic element and an intensity of which we continue to watch the fate, while his body slowly becomes a toxic waste and that the fire often ignites of the orifices. There is that big hole in his arm that spits out a flame like a volcano and a massive burn spot on his hand that grows with time. The best scene is probably when director John Landis, who represents a rude electrical engineer trying to tell Sam to hang up because the radio program he calls rang for the night, becomes a victim of SHC. The film never quite works, because it is so uneven with an abrupt and ridiculous ending where Sam offers Lisa to release her fire by taking it from her.
