The title alone (with the poster) is enough to give "The Projected Man" as an obvious scam of "The Fly". And Bryant Haliday, although much better than the typical IMDb review, does not suggest that anyone has the idea of ​​an acceptable replacement for Vincent Price. Well, well, who would it be, unless Micheal Gough is available ?? However, if you're in the mood to watch a British Hammer style movie with a sci-fi theme about a teleportation experience that went terribly wrong ... well, you might want to give a laissez-faire switch to "The Projected Man" in the "remaining" trash of your local Wal-Mart for another movie about a teleporter crash. Because this one is just not so good. <br /> <br /> Haliday has captured a lot of sympathy in the team of MST3K for his role in this film and in "Devil Doll", but he's actually the best thing in TPM. Maybe he can not wear the movie, but the script hardly helps him. The script blocks any future impetus of the plot in a morass of nonsense about funding and university politics. A guy named Lembach and a sinister cabal want the teleport machine to fail to steal his secrets ... or something. Thus, all the dramatic sequences of the first half of the film involve either phone calls or unconvincing special effects with transparent espresso machines and teleporter rats. Then, when poor Haliday is mutilated by his machine, he has to spend the last part of the film wearing a diaper on half of his face and rubber cement, while he electrocutes various Londoners who risk themselves on its passage. Tom Cruise and Eric Roberts using bullhorns could not have made this scenario work. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, all the other actors are diligently trying to inject life and interest into their roles for this grim little project, but the scenario only swallows their efforts. The corrupted project administrator emits frictions, fumes and hisses in the phone to his singers, but does not notice that he looks like a werewolf wearing a tweed suit and a Tattersall vest. Haliday's research assistant and ex-girlfriend have the least convincing romance in the history of British horror cinema. His secretary is obliged to parade in his "little ones". None of this really works or gels in a real movie. And all that stops dead, letting the viewer go: "Excuse me, should there be no END here?" <br /> <br /> Yet, despite all its problems, I can easily name a dozen horror movies of the same period that were as bad or worse, as well as any other person who follows movies (or who has already sailed on the IMDb "Bottom 100"). I would not really pay for owning "Projected Man", but if it was included in a compilation with a dozen other movies from a DVD collection, I probably would not be happy to have it. It's a harmless diversion, perfect for a horror film festival, to watch with friends while drinking lots of beers and snacks on a Saturday night.
