Professor Paul Steiner conducts research on matter transfer. He developed a machine that he can use to remove an object such as a wristwatch or a rodent, but for this object to re-materialize in another place. But there are those at his research center who do not like or approve of his experiences and will do everything in their power to ensure that he does not succeed. After a failed demonstration that could have saved his funding, Professor Steiner decides to test his machine on himself. As expected, things go terribly wrong and he is transformed into an extremely frightened madman whose mere touch will kill. <br /> <br /> Looking back, it might not have been such a good idea to see The Projected Man again in The Same Week, I watched The Fly, The Return of the Fly and The Curse of Fly. There seems to be so much material transfer film and the potentially horrible effects it can have on the human body that a person should be forced to bear in a period of three or four days. I'm not sure if the movie list is the source of The Projected Man, but most of them are so similar to Fly's movies that it can not be a coincidence. However, The Projected Man is not even as good as the worst of the Fly trilogy. <br /> <br /> In addition to being terribly devoid of original, The Projected Man presents several other problems that greatly affect the pleasure of the film. A big problem I have is with Bryant Haliday in mind. He is such a horse donkey that not only do I not care about his suffering, but that I am really looking for it. The cast members, Mary Peach and Ronald Allen are almost as bad. They are so bland and dull that they hardly matter. In fact, there are very few things for which it is exciting to watch The Projected Man. Soundtrack ?? not very memorable. The look "I would describe much of it as" muddy. "The plot is predictable.The action there is none.At the whole, it's a problem to avoid Fortunately, I watched The Projected Man via a copy of the episode Mystery Science Theater 3000. Funny stuff, although not an absolute, very often, the poorest of Best of all the MST3K riffs, guys have hit almost all their marks with The Projected Man, and I'm going to give them a very enthusiastic 4/5 on my MST3K rating scale.
