Posh Spice Victoria Beckham and her so-called new adventures after moving to Los Angeles for professional reasons (the footballer David is now a Galaxy LA player after his transfer from Real Madrid) was originally going to be a complete series, but luckily, she has been reduced to one. even in this form, it is always interminable. <br /> <br /> Like virtually all reality shows, most incidents appear to be fictional, with the program even admitting that Posh's recently named personal assistant is an actress. A Ugly-Betty lookalike, we hear from time to time some unhealthy jokes written and performed (with an obvious joke about Becks' apparent appearance with a previous, and a little more glamorous, Rebecca Loos, although her name is n is not mentioned) with other sequences with a fake inflatable doll to fool the paparazzi and unsuccessful attempts to throw a baseball. It could have been more fun if everyone had recognized that it was a piece of down. and had an act The outstanding impressionist, Ronni Ancona, would have been perfect and it's better to be Posh than Posh herself, and if that wiser decision had been made, much more fun and fun would ensue. we still have the real thing here (Ms. Ancona may have dismissed the script as too weak anyway), and although there are some scattered attempts at self-deprecation and irony, it never works at all. distance because of preliminary information about the considerable wealth of La Beckham before and his inability to deliver alleged jokes; despite the intention to send her image, Mrs. Beckham appears as a superficial egotist, and her weak interlocutor does not convince us that she has a humorous self-awareness. I suspect that if a more realistic realistic documentary approach had been adopted, namely Posh walking on any street in Los Angeles and being totally ignored (instead of the frenetic scenes and staged a gentle hysteria, presented here) , and her associates make unscripted jibes about th Previously, Ms. Loos had mentioned television, which would have slightly improved television. However, when it comes to sycophant public relations, the skinny herself would never allow such events to happen. <br /> <br /> However, the following scenes made a special appearance at the baseball stadium, where it was presented indifferently in front of a crowd losing interest in the crowd. Times will be tough if she wants to do big business in Hollywood. Her colleague, Scary Spice (aka Mel Brown) also make big by residing in the movie capital despite her affair (which has not been consummated) with the big name Eddie Murphy. <br /> <br /> The Spice Girls were of course a massively popular hit band in the mid-1990s, more so. in their home country, Britain, but still very popular in other countries, including the United States. They were certainly very amused at their peak (1997), when there seemed to be a glorious period of optimism in the UK with Cool Britannia and a new Labor government. who seemed to be the Spice Girls But they were never exceptional musical and singing talents, and British optimism seemed to fade quickly later in the year (the starting point was undoubtedly the tragic death of Princess Diana) like the spices themselves. Their presence on the music and entertainment scene quickly became repetitive and obvious, and if they were all silently out of the public eye permanently with dignity to enjoy their fortune, they would all have had pleasant, encrypted memories in our mind, without any sense of guilt. Unfortunately, the emergence of the ugly culture of "celebrity" in the UK at the turn of the millennium has put an end to these fantasies and we have all suffered thousands, even millions Spices since, Posh being the worst offender, with the rest of his colleagues not too far behind.It was recently announced that there will soon be a meeting tour, which is disconcerting because they never left They certainly do not need to add to their inflated bank accounts. Maybe two of them are single mothers in trouble, maybe? <br /> <br /> Well, it's soon time for Becks' adventures on a telling documentary, I can not wait ............. <br /> <br /> > Rating: 2 out of 10
