I tend to love everything that the late great Paul Naschy (R.I.P.) had ever experienced. Although not all movies featuring Naschy are great, they all have a special charm that can only be found in Naschy-movies, and they are always entertaining. There is no rule without exception, however, like "El Mariscal Del Infierno". "The Devil Possess" (1974) proves. Although the film has the specific charm of Naschy, it sadly lags far too much and becomes really, really dull between the two. Naschy plays the role of the evil baron Gilles De Lancré, who oppresses the people and uses black magic and bloody rituals to stay in power. When Gaston de Malebranche (Guillermo Bredeston), who fought alongside Gilles De Lancré against the British, learns the evil behavior of the baron, he decides to turn against his former comrade in arms and help the people to liberate themselves of the tyranny of the satanic baron. ... Directed by León Klimovsky, known to have directed Naschy in "La Noche De Walpurgis" (1971), the film was scripted by Naschy himself. Naschy has often scripted his own films, and it must be said that he has done a better job, more original than it is here. "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is mainly a historical adventure rather than a horror movie and becomes quite boring in the middle. This is often similar to the Sword and Sandal movies of the 50s, but this film happens in medieval times. The satanic part was probably added only because the name of the great Paul Naschy is related to the Horror genre. The film has its good side: Paul Naschy making strange speeches, Paul Naschy looking weird, Paul Naschy doing satanic stuff, Paul Naschy torturing innocent victims, etc. these moments are boring. The female members of the cast are nice to watch, but unlike most of Naschy's movies, there is no nudity and nothing. There is gore, but it looks pretty awkward and is not as fun as it is with most other Naschy movies. Overall, "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is only worth a look for my passionate friends from Naschy. There are dozens of films featuring the deity of Spanish horror that should be seen before this one, such as "El Jorobado De La Morgue" (1973), "The Orgy of Los Muertos" ("The Hanging Woman ", 1973)," El Espanto Surge De La Tumba "(" The horror rises from the grave ", 1973)," Latidos De Panico "(" Panic beats ", 1983)," Rojo Sangre "(2004 ), movies of werewolves 'Waldemar Daninsky'. TEAR. Paul Naschy. Legends never die!
