It is clear that the director and the production team set out to paint an unflattering picture of the young Palestinian woman and her family. The film and its website are trying to imply that Ayat has a secret reason to blow herself up, she and Rachel - a boyfriend problem - maybe a pregnancy. The fact that Ayat herself witnessed the death of a close friend in the hands of the Israelis, right in front of her house, is clearly overlooked. My God, so why on earth would a pretty, smart girl with projects for college do such a thing? Could it be that the hormonal and emotional teenager is traumatized by seeing someone she loves to die dying before her eyes? This detail deserves every 5 seconds of the film. Avigail Levy, Rachels' mother, could have prevented the destruction of the building where the Akhras family lived (with 22 other families). There is a clear sense that she offers this as a "concession" - should Mrs. Akhras agree to talk to him. "Why should I do it?" she says. (Since the film was shot, the house was destroyed - apparently, the interview did not result in what she wanted - bring her bulldozers) Ms. Levy said she "wanted the film is both cathartic and symbolic of hope, a chance to transcend entrenched hatreds "- instead, she uses it as an excuse to harangue her mother Ayats, while swinging the house like a carrot. Although the two women live only 4 miles apart, she is Reality of Occupation for her Palestinian neighbors, that she really thinks that Mrs. Akhras can just pass for a cup of coffee? Please. And she gives up the only opportunity she has had the opportunity to meet Ms. Akhras herself and see what kind of life she lives. (The Akras family is from Jaffa, but now lives in a refugee camp just 4 miles from where the Levy live in comparative luxury, and any sympathy I would have for the obvious well-being. by her air of well-meaning bitch By contrast, Ayats's mother was kind, direct and loving despite the efforts of the post-production team to paint her as a monster and her family. and the sound design were one-way - I guess the muezzin sings ALL the day every day at 4 miles from Levy's family home, still in a totally different tone of the new-age music that gives that excuse dull for a documentary There is also the small problem of translation - Mrs Levy speaks DIRECTLY to the camera in English when she has something to say in advance, Hebrew when she does not know it. Mrs. Akhras spoke only Arabic, which received pa sometimes a TRANSLATION, sometimes a TRANSLATION, always clumsy and very suspicious for a so-called objective film. She was "sweating" under the lights too, while Mrs. Levy was sitting comfortably (air conditioned). editing for Ms. Akhras's segments too. I gave him a 2 because I liked Ayats' mother and father, who seemed to be honest people. HBO, producers and directors, should be ashamed to have launched such a stink bomb.
