Welcome to our city, welcome to your city? As we are introduced to the world of urban Americans of 1901, this three-act play opens before us with the help of "The Stage Manager", a visual narrator if you will. After his first presentations, we are taken to the houses of two particular families; Webb and Gibb. <br /> <br /> It is certainly the Central America of the beginning of the century and the progressive lifestyle of the American dream and its saccharinic nuances that may seem a little biased in this dream city. Here we see the daily lives of some of the 2642 inhabitants of Grover's Corners, New Hampshire, although there are also Polish migrant workers who add 500 more figures, they are never consulted. <BR /> <br /> Once the daily life of these families has been introduced; wives cook, children work at home, fathers work, children fall in love and clean fences painted white, the second act is started three years later, after young George (William Holden, young and unrecognizable, then old 22 years old) and Emily fell in love and intend to get married. Blooming lovebirds reaching the stars and also reaching a turning point in their own lives, from the nest where they lived until now, in the anxieties and misfortunes of the young adult they cross nervously. The third act is slightly more sour and more pressing, it is in this act that the intentions of the film become apparent. Here we do not see life, not celebration, but death, and it is in this difficult situation that the dead return to revisit and reconcile. their own lives, are here to remind us, to tell us, that life, and every minute, every precious breath, must not be wasted or wasted. <br /> <br /> It is in this last third that the political position of the films also seems more apparent too, feeling more like a blow of propaganda on the conferences on the moral, on Central America and on the how she should lead her country and how she should also put it in order. It is not only about "our" city, it is a moral diction that aims "our" souls and how America can improve if its peoples (excluding Poles, Irish, Native Americans) liberated ethnic minorities), and minorities in general, as well as the supporting backbone of Americana who, again, have not had a fair role in this narrative), such as the middle classes, may be at the high expectations of the American dream through an honest and decent life. The suppliers of the American dream with a special invitation only. <br /> <br /> This film also amused me a little, but I had the impression that its story had more impact than all that participated, although the Sweet interpretation, the partition or how, or not, it was done. It was the intention of the film to exclude other groups, and to include only the personalities of Webb and Gibb, in the future of the developing country of the United States, a good movie, but also slightly biased in his position. <br /> <br /> From the American-born play Thornton Wilder (1897-1975), this Pulitzer Prize-winning play and six Oscar-nominated films have been the focal point of the perpetual movement of life and of its three principal attributes; Life, love and death, the translation of pieces on celluloid appears as a little to the right of social consciousness. Our city begins with what seems like a lesson in uselessness. As in other cities, there is nothing exciting happening here. If something happens, this city has only the "right kind of people", you can always leave your back door open here. we are witnessing the development of the lives of these two families, but it is their moral and social attitude which is more important than these. Our city may have been just "any city" as long as you came from the right side of the city.
