I chose Time Changer because it looked like a good scifi time travel movie and I was in the mood for something like that. The description indicated that it had something to do with biblical stories and a trip back in time, but I was not expecting a fundamentalist Christian movie! <br /> <br /> The film had decent special effects and an interesting premise that could have been much more interesting than eventually. Our hero, a Bible teacher of the 1890s, finally goes to the 2000s and discovers that modern life is full of evil influences - Jesus is nowhere to be found. This tremendous technological feat is accomplished with the help of another Bible teacher who has succeeded in inventing a functional time machine at HG-Wells. The film begins to lose credibility at this stage, which is unfortunate because it happens very early in the film. Earlier (or perhaps immediately later, we do not remember for sure), our hero teacher taught what appeared to be a science class. He argued that scientific discoveries could only be validated if they were consistent with what the Bible says. What should be obvious to everyone is that this is clearly not the purpose of the scientific method, but it is presented in such a way that filmmakers seem to prefer the view that science does not is useful only if it supports its claims and if it is not so. <br /> <br /> Be that as it may, this belief is perfectly valid and reasonable in the context of the character at the time. So, if we accept that as the life of these Bible teachers, then obviously the professor who invented the time machine is not a believer, because I do not think there is no evidence (and none was offered) for the physics of time travel in the Bible. So there is immediately a problem of conflicting messages and credibility, but it does not matter ... <br /> <br /> Once the professor is convinced to embark on the future, the shock of technology modern has been fairly well managed in most cases. case. It was also fun not to have pinned it to an exact year (because the character reads the date of a newspaper for himself, a car rings and it scares him of not having finished the date: this is only two thousand and .... * honk *). Some shocks, however, lasted a little too long. For example, the car was one of the first things he encountered when he arrived, and about two days later he was invited to a movie night at the church and toured in a van. He passes his head out the window like a dog, is scared by the headlights and the engine of the boot, etc. It seemed a bit odd since it had been there for a few days and the city seemed very busy. traffic. In any case, it's easy to ignore. The rest of the tech shock was well done - especially his first encounter with the television which was delayed because he did not even realize what it was like before seeing a child watching one and using a remote control . <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, as might be expected, our hero begins to preach to almost everyone he meets, as if he were an authority on life and religion, simply because that he came from the past and that he was an elder. Finally, he spent a brief moment in the spotlight of the church where he went, where he explains his concept of Christianity in a long monologue meant to be moving and insightful, but mostly identical. A couple of husbands in the church are starting to have a funny feeling about this guy (to understand) and to investigate his name. They eventually conclude that he is either a temporal traveler, or pretend to be that long-dead Bible teacher, and decide to find out. The movie describes these guys as nasty villains for their skepticism. <br /> <br /> Just before the professor returns to his time, he is confronted with these two men. In an effort to avoid being arrested or taken away, he ends up entering into an almost insane speech about Jesus' coming and the fact that he is a prophet, so they should listen to him. Just in time, he left and one of the husbands wonders if this is the kidnapping he has heard so much about. <br /> <br /> The irony is that it basically means that the teacher has become a self-proclaimed (and presumably false) prophet claiming to know that the rapture was near and that he was sent by God while in truth he was sent by his fellow Bible teacher and that he had no knowledge given by God (which was stated or even hinted). <If I understand correctly, Revelation claims that the time of the end is reserved for God. At the end of the film, we see the inventor teacher trying (and failing) to send a Bible in the future. . First 2080, then 2070, etc., as the scene fades. Clearly, he is trying to determine the exact date of the end of time - which he should not be able to know! Essentially, the premise of the film vanishes, because by insisting so much on their religious beliefs and on certain things that God can not know that, that means that it could never be a time machine, because humanity could Discover something that only God should know! The premise of the whole movie collapses and makes it all basically worthless because it undermines its own credibility in the end.
