One of the most literary solitary stars, with time devoted to character development and interaction, dialogue and acting. The opening scene features (literally) the player's personalities, Kansas Charlie (Eddy Chandler), and his buddy, John Scott (John Wayne), the rodeo star (say Roh-Day-oh), slightly excited. The film follows their adventures, as they try to outdo in pursuit of Mexican Juanita, and later in pursuit of Mary Kornman, who has the inevitable evil brother (though the real villain has misplaced it, and wants to repent). And oh, of course, they are wrongly accused of two crimes and must serve a prison sentence before escaping and being exonerated at the end. <br /> <br /> Scott's strong point is that, continually and deliberately, he rears Mary's grocery behind and destroys the ladder on which she stands so he can grab her and catch while she falls. All this seems a little contemporary for a 30s western, but it sounds better than it really is. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the exciting action elements we find in many other solitary stars are sorely lacking here. No Yakima Canutt. Misuse and Misuse of Archive Sequences of Horsemen Falling Horses No George Hayes. Tired bi-game at the Stooge between Scott and Charlie, Charlie swinging Scott against Scott, Scott stamping his foot on the foot then hitting him (repeated twice more!). The specialist Paul Fix is ​​underutilized. Eddy Chandler himself, here at his turning point, is not credible as an eccentric kick. The villain looks too old and fat. The same goes for Chandler, who has spent his career in 300 other films as uncredited meatloaf. Mary Kornman, "The Gang" from the 1920s (see "Mary, Queen of Tots", 1925) is cute in her scenes with John Wayne, but that's about it. The seeds of a better west are buried here. <br /> <br /> P.S. The ultra-short color version, which looks good, moves so fast that it's over if you blink more than once. Fortunately, however, the embarrassing scenes with Eddy Chandler were cut off.
