I really wanted to, really love Julian Po. I think Slater is underrated as an actor and that many of the support players here are better than the chance they have to demonstrate in this film. I realize that this is based on a short story that I have not read. So, I do not know if what I consider as the faults of the film finds its origin in history or it was imposed by the director / scriptwriter. The premise is beautiful and I loved the voice over, the confessional tone that the opening narrative strikes. But then...? Nothing! Several local clichés ask Julian Pointblank to explain his intention to commit suicide. One could say that he does not answer, because it does not concern them. But Julian is the one who, under symbolic pressure, let his intentions slip out in public. So, neither Julian nor the director / screenwriter, despite the fact that Julian's character keeps a diary tape recorded for God's sake, seems inclined to provide something other than the meager initial information about Julian's life. He says he was an accountant. He says his family moved when he was a child, because of his father's work. So what? There are several interactions with locals that seem designed to illuminate Julian's purpose. But none of them go anywhere, because Julian seems to consider all these people as extraterrestrials from another planet, as if he were the last (and the only) sane among them. It could work as an allegory, if Julian Po had defining characteristics or something approaching wisdom. The closest to his revelation is that he finds himself in the scene in which he voluntarily humiliates the naïve and religious wife of the mechanic. And what this scene reveals is not something that can inspire Julian with empathy. I can only see the Julian character - as it has been rendered - as selfish, petty and totally condescending. In a way, the attitude of the director of this film half-cooked and artificial. And poor Michael Parks, an actor who once had so many promises, has nothing to do here.
