Do you know all those letters to "Santa Claus" and "Jesus" that are sent every year? Well, it turns out they're not actually delivered, but deposited in a half-forgotten corner of the post office, unless a brilliant spark finds a way to display them. According to the strange settings, it's a winner that perfectly matches the strange movie "Dead Letter Office". That said, it is obviously an Australian film and not British. If it was Royal Mail, most letters benefit from this type of treatment. I have not been in this apartment for two years and we continue to receive letters for a certain Mr. Wang, a woman priest of the end-time church and various industrial equipment catalogs addressed. A plumbing company. <br /> <br /> "Dead Letter Office" (the name given where the undeliverable mail ends) follows the story of Alice (Miranda Otto) who grew up in a severely divided house. In writing to her absent father, she only learns as an adult that her letters have not been delivered for one reason or another. So, logically, she finds a job at D.L.O. and finds himself alongside other offshoots of society, including the Chilean immigrant Frank Lopez (George Del Hoyo). Slowly, she finds himself attracted to him, but can she know where his father is without putting the isolated world of the Dead Letter Office on his knees? <br /> <br /> There is nothing against this film but it reminds me. the divine film of Heather Graham "committed" while watching this. However, it's so much better than this pile of horse poop, but again, it's not difficult. For starters, this movie is a lot more logical. Admittedly, the metaphors are somewhat flagrant and the underlying symbolism quickly becomes a flood. But at least it's cohesive and offbeat without being completely drivel. It's played well too. Otto and Del Hoyo are both very good, because lovers are looking for something they know they will never find, while other characters are at best peripheral. Part of the problem is that it seems to end much too quickly, leaving this viewer somewhat disappointed. The other part is that, if you consider Australia's draconian immigration policy (that is, if you do not speak English, do it!), Such a story is unlikely to unfold in reality. Unfortunately, the other characters also contribute to destabilizing realism by revealing themselves a little more than bizarre stereotypes. <br /> <br /> Even so, "Dead Letter Office" is certainly something a little different. It may not be to everyone's taste but I liked it. Yes, it was banal and predictable, but sometimes it's nice to watch a movie without guns, violence, heavy curses, or nudity (no such chance in an Australian movie). There is no big laugh, there is no Bullet Time and the characters are usually one-dimensional. But it's the story that counts here and, even if it's not extraordinary, it's a pretty nice way to pass the time. This is the equivalent of a Sheryl Crow CD movie. It's a pleasure to listen from time to time, but you would not really miss it if he was not there.
