Cassavetes was clearly an intelligent and sensitive man with bold new ideas for filmmaking. He wanted to be an author, break the limits of the system and bring a new realism to American cinema. For that, I applaud it. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, as a member of her audience, I can not applaud A woman under influence. Cassavetes took what could have been a fascinating subject (a crazy woman) and managed to create a boring film, filled with long and delirious scenes. He seems to have had a knack for capturing the most boring moments of a movie person's life, and it often seems like he just turns the camera on his family and lets the engine run and run. This tactic would be acceptable if Cassavetes had captured something devastating REAL - or even a core of something so real that he had touched the heart in a way that a conventional film could not. Still, I found the performances, especially that of Rowlands, artificial. I never thought for a moment that she was really crazy. I have met people who are really mentally disturbed, but I have never seen any of them behave the same way as Gena Rowlands in A Woman Under Influence. She played there like a very obnoxious and unhindered woman who drinks a lot, and even that was confusing because we only see her drink once (at first), but she behaves drunk for the rest of the movie . There are times when she draws on something real, but these moments are rare; she fails to maintain a continuous disturbed character mentally. Once again, I applaud his efforts, but efforts alone are not enough for the performance to sound as such. <br /> <br /> The novice public who encounters this film and sees its high score, IMDb, will undoubtedly feel compelled to rate it well, just to prove that they have understood it. But do not be intimidated by the hype - judge for yourself. You do not have to pretend to like that. <br /> <br /> Like Woody Allen, John Cassavetes could be accused of solipsism in his filmmaking, seeming to find his own psyche and his own fascinating life experiences to infinity. that he could not imagine that, for others, they seemed presumptive and tortuous about themselves. But Woody Allen has at least demonstrated a gift for keeping a diverse audience - he knows that a compelling story structure and a good dose of humor are essential to any film. If Cassavetes had used some self-discipline (and a pair of editing shears!), A woman under influence could have had a chance. But what is the point of making a "realistic" film if the only people who can bear to watch it are home-art enthusiasts and film students who venerate Cassavetes as a kind of anti-establishment deity? Without omitting anything, I think that Cassavetes could have made A Woman slightly more accessible by keeping the rhythm of her movement with a real scenario, instead of presenting a series of scenes of improvised arguments lasting 30 minutes. If you only make movies for yourself and some of your fans, you just reach those who are already converted. Watch this movie with your own eyes and make your own decisions about it. If you are really moved and fascinated, so much the better for you.
