From the actor and writer / independent director John Cassavetes, A woman under influence gives the viewer a glimpse of the working class family struggling with a problem of mental instability. The husband, Nick (played by Peter Falk), is a worker who has trouble showing his wife, Mabel (played by Gena Rowlands), all the attention she deserves. From the beginning of the film, it is obvious that Mabel is very weird and strange, but only a few minutes later, it is clear that she is much more than that. Crazy. Bonkers. Out of his damn wit. Nick does his best to hide this from his colleagues. After a particularly strange incident at dinner, he asks him if everything will be fine, as if he were trying to deny Mabel's illness. His problem is only spiraling from there. <br /> <br /> I found some particular problems with this movie. I guess these problems were mainly present in the story and the way some characters acted towards the end. Mabel was hired, because, frankly, she's crazy. Then, six months later, she is ready to leave the hospital and her husband organizes a party to welcome him. He never acts stupid at the beginning of the film. Why would he invite all these people, some of whom are strangers to Mabel, to his home while his wife is in such a fragile state? It's just stupid. Later, after Mabel's arrival in the house, Mabel's father exasperated himself terribly against Nick, shouting out loud for not wanting to eat spaghetti. His daughter has just returned from six months of rehabilitation. What you want to do is keep her calm, and he's fed up with spaghetti? A few minutes later in the movie, Nick brings Mabel into the stairwell and forces her to do what she did when she was mentally unstable. make strange noises and gestures. Did not he send her there to make her better and not do those things? After that, there have been various other passages, but it would be superfluous to examine them in more detail. I suppose that Cassavetes's decision to make his characters act like this is a serious problem. It just did not make sense. <br /> <br /> However, although I had problems with the end of the film, one aspect really bought it; the game. Gena Rowlands played an amazing crazy woman. There were times when I forgot she was playing, where I felt so caught up in her wild gesticulations and crazy discussions that I was really scared of her. She was incredibly convincing and intense. However, I was also impressed by the rest of Mabel's family. Peter Falk played a very strange character, and I almost thought he was crazy himself, because of the delicate way in which he treated his children, his work and especially the situation with his wife. Moreover, I do not generally like children actors. But the kids who played Nick and Mabel's kids in this movie were phenomenal. It really felt like they were Mabel's kids, because they seemed so attached to her and so interested in helping her solve her problem. I think their performances are one of the things that kept this movie together. Without them, it would have made the film less realistic and less intense. <br /> <br /> In general, this movie did not impress me. The story was confusing and unclear, and the characters acted in such a way as to make me wonder who was not crazy in the movie. Only the brilliant interpretations of the Longhetti family have been life-saving. Their realistic dialogues and powerful game kept the film together and are probably the only reason the film never came to anything.
