In A Woman Under Influence, Mabel Goes Crazy, But I Understand Why She Goes Crazy. If I lived in the kind of life she lived with her family, I would go crazy too. Everyone in his family is out of their rocker and not completely with it. She is constantly surrounded by people who scream at her and tell her what is best for herself and for those who are not the sharpest knives in the drawer. <br /> <br /> For starters, the person closest to her in her life, her husband, Nick, is a little behind her rocker. When he's at home, he screams after her, telling him how to live life and stop acting like a fool. The rest of the time, he works long hours at work and he is not there to support her when she needs help. The person in his life who should always be there for her is never and if he does, he just makes her feel worse. She relies on him to support him and always trusts her when she feels bad and does nothing to support her. When she comes back from the hospital, he just tells him how to act. Instead of comforting her, he shouts at her and tells him what to do. <br /> <br /> The other major characters of his life are his parents. Her parents do nothing in her life for her. Mabel lives their lives mainly because they are afraid to defend and defend her. In the end, she even asks her father to defend her and he does not understand. When he understands it, he still does not do anything. They do not do anything to help Mabel recover or to keep her from going crazy because they do not do anything for her period. The only person trying to do anything for her is Nick's mother. Nick's mother insists that Mabel be hired. She does not want Nick to take care of that, so she has to get him hired by the doctor. It seems like everyone is against Mabel and they feel that getting them involved is a good idea because they will not have to deal with it anymore. They all want to live their own lives and do nothing for Mabel except screaming after her and making her feel like she's doing something wrong when she's not doing it. That's why she went crazy and she had to be hired, it was her family's fault.
