Should have been called 'Balderdash!' Few things in the movie are true except for the name of the island and the fact that submarines have been involved. A bit more than film quality training with poor camera work, scrambled images and perhaps the low point of stereotyping "Japs" with Japanese laughing infantry, Japanese fighter pilots and one-dimensional Americans to the square jaw that die left and right. Sixty years later, it is unintentionally amusing as a strange artifact and as an opportunity to see what is possible when the fever of war is upon you. Intrigue and dialogue reminded me that I was playing a summertime summer afternoon as a child, scrutinizing the neighbor's hedge for a fatal advantage over my best friend Steve and my little brother. In fact, the raid on Makin Island was an almost total failure: Carlson and his men wandering in the dark exchanging shots with shadows until finally becoming thirsty and completely disoriented, looking for someone to whom to surrender, before falling on Japanese as confused. soldiers who quickly went to them! During the retreat, several Carlson sailors found themselves on another island and were abandoned! The film, of course, could not tell this story, not in 1943, so this bit of fantasy was made and rushed to be released to the rhythm of the drums. With Randolph Scott and his jaw, Colonel Thorwald (Carlson) leading a unit composed almost entirely of reserve caricatures, the green recruit (Harry Landon, Robert Mitchum), the grizzled veteran (J. Carroll Naish, Milburn Stone, Sam Levene) , the country-bumpkin (Rod Cameron), the all-American boy (Alan Curtis), and dozens of silly "jokes" (when they were not laughing). And yet, the cast almost exceeds the material. Almost. Randolph Scott's narrow range is well suited to his role as an assiduous commander and he is supported by a strong group of professionals who do their best with thin oatmeal. But in the end, the object of a note of the exercise wins. In the end, any semblance is totally abandoned when Randy Scott just looks directly into the camera and makes a call with moving arms. The casting was better than this material. So was the public. Should be seen with Reefer Madness and a moderately priced bottle of Merlot.
