The DVD has become the equivalent of the old double-bill late-night circuit, the last chance to catch old movies about to be completely forgotten like The Border. There were high expectations for this in 1982 ?? a script co-written by Walon Green, Walon Green, The Wild Bunch, at the time when he could still play without semaphore and a large secondary distribution (Harvey Keitel, Warren Oates, Valerie Perrine), directed by Tony Richardson (although he is exhausted at this time) ?? but now it does not even happen on TV. The material certainly offers a rich range of commentary possibilities on the American dreams of capitalism and conspicuous consumption of the 80s, Nicholson border policeman turning a blind eye to the strange drug deal or human trafficking intended to finance the relentless materialism of his wife, until he rediscovers his conscience when he discovers that his partners are also in the business of selling baby. Unfortunately, he never really dirty his hands, barely closing his eyes before his modesty returns to the surface. The movie still seems diluted as if too many rewrites and too many committees had left him sterilized and, unfortunately, the recent release of the DVD is a missed opportunity to restore the original nihilistic ending where Nicholson disregards and borders the Border Monitoring Station. with incendiary bombs. it was cut after the previews found the film too casual, but it still appears in the movie trailers. <br /> <br /> This was probably not as convincing considering Nicholson's crisis of consciousness in the film, it had to be better than the brutal climax of the movie where the movie abandons logic and even the basic rules of continuity: at one point, he holds the characters under the threat of a revolver, then he is elsewhere and they are free to try to kill him, a character disappears from a wounded at home, hopping like a gazelle on the banks of the Rio Grande while Valérie Perrine's character becomes more stupid on an exponential level. The villains in the room are eliminated with absurd ease (and an impressive car stunt) in time for a happy editorial ending and you start wondering if you ended up watching another movie entirely. What makes it all the more awkward is that the rest of the film is so flat and depressing that the sudden intrusion into melodrama is all the more shocking. Unfortunately, Ry Cooder's beautiful song, Across the Borderline, says it much more economically. But if you want to know the real crime of the movie, you completely lose the great Warren Oates. Even if he can not make an impression, you know that something is really wrong. Overall, I remember all too easily why I found it so forgettable at the time.
