This film tackles the kidnapping of children from the perspective of a mom (Lisa Hartman Black) who acts as a man in an action thriller. Unlike other films focusing on the police, the mother is finding her ex-husband who kidnapped their son. She is helped by her lawyer who ends up falling in love with her. <br /> <br /> Before finally finding his son, a lot of strange things happen. The mother tries to take a child who looks like her son in a local children's play in a community theater. She gets caught and realizes that it's not her child. That alone would have caused most people to be incarcerated in the psychiatric ward or to spend a few months in jail awaiting trial. However, in this film, the mother is released after a few hours because the victim's parents feel sorry for her. A little later Mom breaks into her mother-in-law's house, then the police arrive and their weapon is directed at her, but they let her run away because they recognize her (and feel sorry for her ?). <br /> <br /> At another point in the story, they found the child, but when the police arrived to search the house, it turned out that she had left the back door and was thrown into the river aboard a dinghy that apparently the father had kept around for a while. such an emergency escape! The mother asks someone to lend him a raft, and although it must have taken some time (in the real world), she and the boyfriend-in-law and the police are quickly catching up with the other raft and he is upside down in the water on the floor. Instead of coming out of the raft looking for the father on the mainland, Mum assumes he drowned the boy and jumps into the water when she sees his lifejacket. Of course, she does not know how to swim and run like a stone. The lawyer saves her, but they miss an opportunity to run after the father. At one point, her mother is told that her son died in a clinic in Mexico. It continues, and where it stops, nobody knows! In some ways, this film really exploits kidnappings and is not very positive. By cons, seeing a woman doing all the crazy things that men do in this kind of movies was fun (or funny?).
