To re-read this film, I should definitely mention Tarantino's memorable scene from Pulp Fiction (1994), where Jules and Vincent talk about Mia Wallace and what she does to make a living. Jules tells Vincent that "the only thing she deserved was the pilot". Vincent asks "What is a pilot?" and Jules describes very well what a TV pilot is: "Well, their way of doing shows is to make a show, this show is called a" pilot. "Then they show this show to the people who make programs, and on the strength of that show, they decide if they will do more programming, some of them are chosen and they become television shows, some of them become nothing, and they play in one of those Now, to get back to what Jules said, there are BILLIONS of TV shows / drivers that have never been aired because they just were not ... well Well, the best known pilot that comes to mind is probably "W * A * L * T * E * R", a derivative of "M * A * S * H" directed by Gary "Radar" Burghoff Hmmm, would anyone really want to watch Radar for half an hour trying to solve some screams My? Therefore, the show was never resumed. What many people do not know (or what they thought they knew) is that the drivers are almost never broadcast live, because they are designed exclusively for television networks. Some of them got blown up and passed in the air (we think of the pilot of the animated series "American Dad" because the serial drama itself only started about four months later) should be happy that the pilots never manage to air, and here's why. "Black Bart", a supposed link with the classic comedy Mel Brooks, "Blazing Saddles", is a sure bet "Saddles" was a controversial comedy, nevertheless, with his racist humor and his vulgar comedy, which comes to my mind "what idiot decided it would make an excellent TV show FOR PRIME TIME TV?!?" I say "supposed" because none of the memorable characters in the movie, apart from Bart, in this television series, Mel Brooks was not even involved in the production of the soap opera and that was the first mistake in a long line (In a related article, I recently discovered the existence of a pilot unpublished television po ur a series based on the movie "Clerks." Ke Smith wine was not involved in .... do you see what's going on?!?). <br /> <br /> At about the same time as the movie (or at all), the story revolves around Black's only sheriff in the Wild West, aptly named "Black" Bart, who is this once interpreted by the future Oscar winner, Louis Gossett Jr., obviously before his stint in the "real" acting game, while playing in a "G-rated" Richard Pryor. Most of the other characters are carbon copies (if not very bad) of the characters in the movie: Jim, The Waco Kid is replaced by a similar character, named Reb Jordan, a former Confederate soldier who quickly handles guns. Lilian Von Schtupp is now Belle Buzzer, a scam of the character, because she is a show dancer and German with an accent and personality type Marlene Dietrich. The role of the "villain" in the story is Fern Malaga, played by Noble Willingham, who I suppose would have been Hedley Lamar if Warner Bros. had obtained the rights to the name (See the trivia of "Blazing Saddles") and his son Curley ... I do not know, Taggart I guess? The story is a poor excuse for a sitcom and even less for a pilot. Bart deals with the mayor's drunken son and he is an uncontrollable behavior that has spun the city. Really, it's a story that tries to introduce all the characters in the "series" and does not focus on the variety and context that would make a show "correct". I can not really call it a sitcom (and even if I wanted it) and that's mainly the fact that it was shot in the background at Warner Bros. Studios. and later, he added a laughter track, so the series went up almost exactly like "M * A * S * H" (with a bland and dull "laugh" identical to the series). The acting is average, but there is a part that always makes me laugh, and that's when the actor who plays Reb Jordan seems to almost forget his lines and really tries to memorize them while trying to spring a piece of dialogue. HA! The scenario is rather dull and tries to make racism more humorous than in the film (surprisingly, they use the word "N *** er" several times during a 22-minute episode, rather delicate for its period and even for today) and it becomes repetitive. <br /> <br /> If you ever get your hands on this invisible element of sssss ... an object of novelty extremely interesting, look at it just for the pleasure of watching the pilots (It is on the edition of the collector of "Blazing Saddles", God knows why). There you will have a first-hand chance for the reason that many filming drivers never broadcast.
