It was difficult to get through this horrible heretical adaptation of Sherlock Holmes. Apparently, Matt Frewer was chosen because he is tall and lean. His skull-like face made a good zombie in the remake of Dawn of the Dead, but as Sherlock Holmes he looks like a scarecrow. Frewer not only has a lean and hard-to-see ride, but he looks uncomfortable in Holmes' stereotypical cloaks he wears. Not only that, but while the coat is gray twill, they apparently could not find a matching bonnet. His cap is black and looks bright as if it was polyester. Whatever the cap, she looked brand new and artificial. Jeremy Brett occasionally wore these traditional outfits, but Brett did not need to dress like Sherlock Holmes for the look. Frewer, on the other hand, is painful to watch. Even in the complete "Holmes" outfit, he does not behave like Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Frewer's cadaverous face smiles all the time as he gushes out unceasingly in the very bad British accent "Upper-Crust" is painful to see and listen to. To say that Frewer exaggerates is a euphemism. After finishing each sentence with a kind of nasal buzz, he sneers then as if it were a kind of British trait. When I started looking at this, I thought it would be a comedy featuring Wishbone, the Jack Russell Terrier. I thought that Frewer had been presented as a kind of film for Wishbone. But unfortunately, there is no dog in this movie except for Frewer. Wishbone would have made this movie much better. <br /> <br /> Not only does Sherlock Holmes' version of Frewer never stop talking (with this terribly unnatural British nasal accent), but he is far too friendly and kind. Frewer always smiles at the witnesses he talks to, and he is so polite and courteous that he could teach at a school of charm instead of being a sleuth. Maybe this is a Hallmark Channel production, they are trying to create a children's version of Sherlock Holmes (Wishbone was also better at that level) which was softer and nicer. Whatever the meaning of Frewer's interpretation of Sherlock Holmes, it is flatter than a pancake and is without a doubt the worst version of Sherlock Holmes I've ever seen (including Charlton Heston's previous worst) ). , the tone of this film is awful. It reminded me of a typical episode of Barnaby Jones or Murder She Wrote She or Diagnosis Murder. All the suspects showed too much suspicion and glared at the victims before they were killed. Holmes and Watson explain each clue throughout the film. Even during the murder, she exhibited less. <br /> <br /> This Sherlock Holmes does not compare very well to Jim Rockford of the Rockford Files and is miles away under Columbo. The terrible dialogue is probably the fault of the author. It is obvious that those who wrote this script know very little Sherlock Holmes, especially the version of the BBC with Jeremy Brett. This film has all the atmosphere of an episode of Little House on the Prairie. The fact that the actors seem to smile when they say their lines with their false accents does not help anything. <br /> <br /> The only minor positive point is Ken Walsh who plays Dr. Watson with some dignity. Walsh does not make noise compared to Frewer, and when he often questions witnesses, his behavior and conversation style is much more natural and credible. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast is amateurish, and the visual cues they give by looking at each other and facing each other (to show that they are suspicious) are something I have never seen in a modern movie.
