I'm going to write about this movie and about "Irreversible" (the most famous scene). So you are warned if you have not seen the movie yet. That's what I think, that's why I think the movie fails (in the end - pun intended). <br /> <br /> Sage, Rosario Dawson is really good and almost transmits the portrait of a person almost ten years younger (a teenager of other words). The villain is good, but loses his "evil" touch just before the end. If he never really changes, then why would he let a woman tie him up? He would not, point. Then we also have the bartender / 2nd rape guy. In fact, I do not think you would need him. At least not for the second rape, but more about it later. <br /> <br /> Let's go back to history. The character of Rosarios is sexually insecure, could even have lesbian tendencies (see his scene with a friend). It was not intentional, as Rosario herself says, but there is sexual tension between them. The character of Rosario meets a guy, who is a sexual predator, in all the wrong ways. But he impresses it. <br /> <br /> Rosario explained that her character had already had a boyfriend. I do not agree. Because she acts as if it were her first boyfriend, which also highlights her phone conversation with her mother. Speaking of his mother, here is another problem. After the first rape, the character of Rosarios does not tell anyone what happened. Considering that his relationship with his mother is very close, none of this is explored later. If the character Rosarios no longer called his mother or behaved strangely, the mother would worry like crazy. There was so much potential here. Also her friend: We see her at the party, it is obvious that something is happening and that it "disappears". <br /> <br /> The first rape is almost unbearable to watch. But it looks like a pinch when you compare it to the end (rape), which gives the impression of being hit with a mass! After the rape no. 1 we have scenes too stretched. The threads are open (as her construction work is an indication that she could be lesbian, as one guy said that tried to flirt ...), but left in the open. No real social contact is established if you leave the bartender absent, involved in the second and final scene of rape. It is obvious that he is not a "nice" guy and his character is a little more fleshed out. But when the character of Rosarios meets his rapist again in class, his presence in the film seems futile. We understand that the character of Rosarios is no longer the same, that it has become "bad" and that it is capable of hurting people. (Too) Many scenes show exactly that, his lack of emotion being limited to taking drugs and other things. Back to the # 1 rapist who cheats on a test, gets caught by the Rosarios character and they decide to spend time together again (really?). As absurd as it may seem, the guy joins her, not without having already seen him before, with another girl (most likely he raped her too, although we never saw anything of that, thankfully) and his football career. Well career is a stretch and he is being bullied. It's an attempt to give depth to his character and it works almost, but it's still too cliché to stay with you. Then the rapist n ° 1 submits to the character of Rosarios ... why exactly? Because he promised her it was his day? Again, really? A guy like that never loses control, especially with a woman he's already raped ... I guess that's supposed to show us how stupid he is. The bartender would have worked as someone who could have hit him in the head or something, but letting him submit like that, felt bad. Another possibility would be a drug in his glass. <br /> <br /> Then the # 1 rapist undresses and blindfolded herself, and lets the Rosarios character tie her to a bed ... seriously, it's crazy! But what comes next is even more crazy. She speaks to him first, then she "shuts" him and forces him an object. It's as difficult to watch as the number one rape scene. It's not about what this guy deserves or not, it's just intense. And of course, that was what they were aiming for. Now that she's finished, the bartender comes in and rapes ... the # 1 rapist. If it really should work like a revenge movie, it would have been better if the Rosarios character had done all the "revenge" himself. . Having a henchman doing the job takes away everything that was built. <br /> <br /> This is not supposed to be entertaining / enjoyable, it's a hard watch and it's Art-house. But the rape scene of 10 minutes (I did not count) in the end, crushes everything. The character of Rosarios is more or less, only watching what happens. Which brings me to the biggest disappointment. <br /> <br /> Irreversible comparison: "Irreversible" had the rape scene, but the film continued (although it was back in time). Rosario looks at the camera at the end and says something about having to overcome that. First, it happens a little too late, it should see her say after the initial rape. And second, and most importantly, this is where the movie Art-house should have gone. It's more interesting to see the character of Rosarios go after the second scene of rape and how she would manage with what she had done. But again, she really did not do much physically (see above) ... a broken character that the film cut ... <br /> <br /> Good intentions (Talia and Rosario had already worked before), but by failing to convey most things, they decided to do it (even if you can see what they meant, it must be convincing, otherwise it does not work) .. not to mention rape scenes that are too long as they are ...
