One of the most strangely used plots in love movies is this: a seriously misguided man falls in love with a terminally ill woman who spills her life before dying. Sometimes this story is well done and realistic (like in "The Theory of Flight", an excellent weepie), but most often it's like here, where, as usual, the heroine dies of "Old Movie" Disease ". You know, this terminal illness has no symptoms, with the exception of fainting and the need to lie down while you say goodbye to your lover forever; and your looks are not affected a bit (and since it's the 70's, your sex life either). This is one of the worst versions of this story, in which a very silly scenario associates two incompatibles and incredible characters, played by actors completely at sea. <br /> <br /> worse performance of Al's career Pacino, and I repeat it after watching "The Devil's Advocate" just two days ago! He plays the role of a racing automaton, emotionally controlled and emotionally constipated, and plays an inimitable character without life. He seems to be constantly wondering why he stays close to Marthe Keller's grid (the audience too), and spends most of the movie just ... standing, mouth wide open. The only time he shows a sign of life is towards the end, where his character proves that he has gone from tense to liberated by making a hilarious imitation of Mae West. Hey, it was * the seventies! <br /> <br /> Marthe Keller is just as terrible as the interest of a dying love; his character was conceived as bold and free, touching and unhindered and full of life, even though he was dying, and was probably to be played with an actress with the sensitivity of, for example, Vanessa Redgrave or Julie Christie. Instead, they have Ms Keller's expressionless expression and strong German accent, which appears as a terrifying Teutonic stereotype ("You eat omelette!") Rather than anything amiable. She is supposed to reform Pacino and fill it with courage, wit, etc., but it does not work that way, it's as if she's looking for her faults in the most odious way. This makes it one of the least convincing novels in film history, in which one can not believe it would be with someone she finds so useless, and one can not believe it to be with someone who irritates him so much. > <br /> Some fans of bad movies call this cult classic, mainly because of Pacino's stupid "liberating" stupid imitation. The scene is a scream, especially in context, but not worth the rest of the movie. No, see the movie only if you are a serious bad movie lover and you are particularly interested in the Extreme Lack of Chemistry study between the main actors, or by Very Bad Casting (not only the main roles are terrible, but Pacino's other girlfriend is played by an actress who looks and sounds just like Keller with shorter hair, I totally confused them). This is not one of those bad funny movies like "The Conqueror", it's really a very bad movie. <br /> <br />
