All my life, I do not remember why - I had to have a free ticket or something - but I saw that movie at the cinema when it was released. I do not remember who I went to, what theater I was in, or even in which city. All I remembered was how much I was offended by this tragedy, someone had dared to call a movie, and how half of the theater people had left before the movie ended. Unfortunately, I kept going until the end, which I still consider to be one of the worst mistakes of my life so far. My crime became a pure horror when, just before the closing credits, the smarmy demon child pulls his head behind a sign and says, "Look for the problem child 2, to come! It was clearly the most terrifying moment ever recorded in a movie. <br /> <br /> The plot, if I remember correctly, involved John Ritter and perhaps his wife (Lord, as I tried unsuccessfully to block this film in my mind) by adopting a "child to problem ". Maybe they think they can reform it, or something like that. I really do not know. If that was their intention, they fail miserably because from the first picture to the end, this child remains the fiercest, the most rude and the most horrible demon spawner ever seen on the big screen. Forget about Damian, forget about Rosemary's baby. This kid is taking the cake. The only difference is that we are supposed to have pity on him because he is a "problem child". However, this is impossible because this child is probably the most unpleasant character ever described. You want to kill him all the way through the movie, and when (SPOILER, everyone does not care), John Ritter decides to keep the ugly kid from hell, yelling, "Send him back!" Shocked disgust (like several people at the theater where I saw him). <br /> <br /> It's only the second movie that I gave a "1" to the IMDb. The other was Superman IV, and by God, I could not tell you what was worse. John Ritter made a quote in TV Guide about when Problem 3, in which he was not, came out. He said something like "The only way for me to do another sequel to [Child Trouble] is if they dragged my dead body for it to happen." Amen to that! <br /> <br /> I would rather watch a 24-hour marathon of Police Academy Suites than even revisit twenty minutes of Problem Child. 1/10, just because I can not give him a negative score, that's what he really deserves. Someone burns the original negatives of this movie, please!
