Yeti: The snow demon's curse begins in a plane filled with high school teenagers who are about to play football in Japan. Unfortunately, during a violent storm, their plane crashed in the Himalayas. Unlucky really. With dead and alive, survivors must think for themselves and decide to wait for help to arrive. However, just when they think their luck can not be worse, they quickly discover that a huge hairy creature, like the abominable Yeti, snowman, wants to kill them and eat them all. Trapped, cold, hungry and struggling for survival, stranded teens will be reached in time? <br /> <br /> Yeah, with a title like Yeti: The Snow Demon Curse, it can only mean one thing and it's someone on Sci-Fi Channel has created another "function of creature "though, to give these things a little variety, the Sci-Fi chain here in the UK now nicknames them as a" feast of beasts "! As if it would make a difference. Directed by Paul Ziller, it must be said that Yeti: The Curse of the Snow Deamon is a terrible film but at the same time somewhat entertaining, of course it's bad, but sometimes it's fun. The basic premise is correct, it's actually a kind of cross between Alive (1993) and his plane crash and the survivors who have to turn into cannibal to survive and the excellent Blood Throat Gorge Bigfoot (another legendary hairy monster), Night of the Demon (1980). ) that I would defend with my last breath & I must say that this is not exactly a wedding done in paradise, but as I said, it's fun once in a while if it's not really captivating or well written. The character is mainly composed of annoying American teenagers, there is the expected argument, there is the macho hero, the strong woman and the coward who thinks only of himself, so there is no price for originality. There are also holes in the plot, if a plane is plunging people, why send only two rangers on foot to look for them? How are you going to dig a big hole and cover it with sharpened sticks in the space of ten minutes? Why did not the Yeti kill this bird in the end? He had killed everyone so far, so why not? The twist "there are actually two Yeti's run around" is not used at all. At least, the film has a good pace, it moves at a fairly old pace and I never got bored. There is a moderately bloody action and the film has a certain fascination as to whether the children will survive or not and if they will eat their dead companions or not. <br /> <br /> The only thing you can always say about these "creature features" or "pet holidays" of the Sci-Fi chain is that the effects of the CGI computer will be filled with hilarious laughter and that turns out to be the case again. The crash of the plane in the beginning is awful and the Yeti, when it is written in computer graphics, is simply embarrassing to jump everywhere as if it were on a stick of pogo. There are one or two beautiful scenes of self-control, including a torn arm, a crushed head, a torn heart, corpses, splashes of blood and the best thing when the Yeti tears a guy in two and beats him with his own. . legs before biting a big chunk of them. According to IMDb, the actor playing the Yeti took three and a half hours to get dressed and put on make-up, which seems to be a long time since it is actually a rather fatal creation. Apparently, the original title was Raksha: The Snow Demon Curse with Raksha meaning demon in Tibetan Sanskrit, so you know it now. <br /> <br /> It has reasonable production values ​​considering the usual characteristics of the Sci-Fi chain that they produce the mountain looks nothing like the harsh and dark Himalayas and was probably located near a ski resort somewhere and during most of the day's scenes, it actually has a nice warmth. The acting is not very good and I did not think any of the girls were as good as what was not helping them. <br /> <br /> Yeti: The Snow Demon Curse is another awful Sc-Fi Chain 'Creature Featured' if I'm honest that any sensible person will not like it, but if you're looking for a little bit of Horror-themed entertainment, so it's not so bad & there are one or two entertaining moments that make it a bit noticeable, even if it's not very good.
