Lack of housing (or Houselessness as George Carlin said) has been an issue for years but never plan to help those on the streets that were once as a human who did everything from school, work, or lots of issue. Many people think of housing as just because they lost when worrying about things such as racism, war on Iraq, pressing children to succeed, technology, choice, inflation, or worry if you will close and end up in the streets. <br /> <br /> But what if you were given a live bet on the street for a month without luxury once you had a home, entertainment sets, bathroom, photo wall, computer, and everything that you have been worth seeing what is if they don't have shelter ? That's Goddard Bolt lesson. <br /> <br /> Mel Brooks (who directs) who stars like Bolt has a rich man who has everything in the world until you decide to make a bet for Sissy opponent (Jeffery Tambor) to see if he can live on the street for thirty days without luxury; if Bolt succeeds, he can do what he wants and the future project to make more buildings. The bet is to place Bolt thrown into the road with a bracelet on his foot to track every move where he can not step off the sidewalk. He was given a nickname Pepto and postponed after being written on the forehead where Bolt meets other characters including a woman named Molly (Lesley Ann Warren) an old player who got divorced before losing his home, and his Sailor pals ( Howard Morris) and Fumes (Teddy Wilson) who are already on the street. They are victims. Bolt is not. He has not been used to achieve covenants as he did when he was rich when he was fighting or running, or killed or killed. When a love relationship between Molly and Bolt was not required to arrange, I saw the "Stinks of Life" being one of the films of Mel Brooks monitors where before being a comedy, it shows the side of the tender compared to its work The slapstick such as Saddles of Tears, Young Frankenstein, or Spaceballs for the issue, show what it is like to have something important before losing the next day or on the other hand making a stupid bet as all the rich people do when they don't know what to do with their money . Maybe they should give to housing instead of using it as monopoly money. Or perhaps this film will inspire you to help others.
