LISTENER WA NIGHT (2006) ** 1/2 Robin Williams, Toni Collette, Bobby Cannavale, Rory Culkin, Joe Morton, Sandra Oh, John Cullum, Lisa Emery, Becky Ann Baker. (Dir: Patrick Stettner) <br /> <br /> Hitchcocki striker gives Williams low performance performance. What is about celebrity and fans? What is the closest paranoia associated with the other and why is it almost common? In a modern fan fan mode, according to real events not below, Williams' stars like someone who speaks with radio called Gabriel No, who reads the stories he wrote on airwaves and has collected a fascinating fan of a little boy named Pete Logand (Culkin) who has presented a document on his youth's care with the editor of anyone Ashe (Morton) who gives anyone to read himself. No one disrupts a lot but eventually was attracted to the night of Pete's being taken over by sexual violence for years until finally she was saved by a nurse named Donna (Collette to provide better performance) who took a boy but his contacts with no show that Pete is dying from AIDS. Usually no one wants to meet the fans but suddenly he is skeptical of their deceptive intentions when the seed is sown by his former boyfriend Jess (Cannavale) who leave suddenly from their New York City apartment they have no one in tailspin's The emotion that has only now has grown to dust when deciding to explore in the history of Donna and Pete discover some truth that he did not expect. Written by Armistead Maupin (who wrote scriptplay with her former boyfriend Terry Anderson and film filmmaker Stettner) and based on the true story of the fan's available hoax has Hitchcockian time that matches tilt perfect as any potable old-boiler does. It helps that Williams drives the performance of focus, under the ground as a good stability of the heart who wants to believe that its one fan is true and loves him (the same thing fleeing his truth) and has some horrible moments with the creepy Collette whose one physical character I am leave without saying but emphasizes the despair of his behavior that can beat you base. However, the film comes out of the gas and finally changes and predicts despite a well-targeted hoodwink piece and Stettner's secret, offers a listening to your own inner voice: be careful of what you expect .
