Titanic should be one of all my favorite movies. It has its problems (what movies do not know) but still, it's enjoyable. When I stumble with someone who asks me why I would like Titanic, I think my first response is "waiting a minute, you don't?" I know many people who do not like this movie, and I say I don't see why. "The story of love is very cheesy" well, yes but it is not appropriate to move? In fact, the story of love between Jack and Rose is untrue, everyone knows that love like this is not true. But this is a film, does not everyone likes to enjoy a beautiful story that enables us to intervene a little on fantasy for a while? The second complaint, DiCaprio and Winslet are awesome actors. Well, in fact, in this film, I admit that they do not do their full potential. However I think it's right to say that it's awesome actors. I personally think they are all talented actors who unfortunately are very popular for the movies that they aren't wonderful inside. But their responsibilities are simple, and the characters seem to be real enough that you can care about them a little bit, but I agree with many people that they didn't act as they would be expected. And finally, if someone complains that they do not like this movie because they hate romance, or because they hate history, or bad movies, then I'm sorry but why they went around and saw movies that are obviously all these things . It's like people who complain the Dark Knight is a bad movie because they hate practical movies. Just to be a film, not because it loves genre, this is a good movie. It is very appropriate for its Oscars, in particular, Best Style, which I feel the best I've ever seen in the film but maybe the Lord of the trilogy ring. <br /> <br /> I know some of the text fails, as well as shouting each other's names in the movie. The scope of the story can be weak at times, but in general it is an amazing achievement in making Titanic seem to be true, and sinking feels very much. I understand why most people do not like this movie, but in many places it stimulates the basic idea, such as being a love story, rather than they think the movie inside and itself is well built. I can tell you that I have read more about five books about Titanic, including memoirs to make that day happen, and this movie is very accurate history except just a few mistakes. The only thing I can find is that the taps should be made of copper, not metal, and ice looks really untrue as it is where they beat it. I am giving this film 10/10, not because I love romance movies, but just because it is a great achievement of movies, which contributes to one of the shocking emotions and changes to real events.
