Isn't it easy? First, hate towards this film. It may not be the biggest movie of all time, but the gimme break, it got 11 oscars because, has made DOLLARS OF MILA FORM for a reason. It's a very good movie. Which brings to another unknown element. I do not know why this film relieved this feeling for me when I found it in the exhibition. I have put it back on the TV and video, and had no effect on me when I saw it on the big screen (twice, or maybe three times, really). But that may be, his appeal. It's Movie, yes, the capital M there, is an epic, is a festival for Gone by Wind or Ben Hur. Now, Ben Hur and Gone and Wind seem to kinda hoke me, and hammy's work with many melodrama. It's not that the Titanic have nothing. Well, that acting was very good. Melodirama was very heavy at times. But the reason for Titanic is to work as an emotional journey. I often enjoy movies that emphasize the mind, or give me the joy of seeing. This movie is not a rhino, but not the brain at all. The joy of seeing means only the last, to stimulate the view of the audience. I didn't cry when Bambi's mother died, I don't know for guardians. But this is tears to the power of ten million, the emotional rollercoaster which, if it is normal, would make Buzz Aldrin scream like a little girl. And I am sure that if you see it on the video and you decide to hate it, and have a ready supply, then you can't really love this film. But if you allow unbelief to stop only a little bit, if you give this epic melodrama a course of doubt, you will be quite happy. And look at the top ten movies of all time. Is it one of them bad? Does one of them have the value of one out of 10? No, even the risk of Phantom. And this film made 1.8 million dollars worldwide. It can't be bad. Not possible. 10/10. <br /> <br /> p.s. How can anyone think of this comparison with spiderman? The spiderman was a fun movie, but it was a total kneejerk of 9/11 caused as much as it did. it was nothing special. no one will remember it for 50 years. but I'm sure the Titanic will be remembered.
