Every time a conversation will turn on "lovely movies." I will mention Titanic, and at least a couple people will take. I did not pay attention to them because I know that five years ago, these people moved to tears with the movie. And they are also embarrassed now accepting. I started again translating Titanic for the first time. Just expect to enjoy the story again, I was surprised to see that the movie has lost any power over these five years. I cried again ... in all the same places. It brought me back to 1997 when I remember how a movie that no one thought would break it even became the most popular movie all the time. Modernly emerged within public awareness if no other film can remember (yes, even more than Star Wars). And today, many people will not even accept it. Folks, let's do something straight - you won't look good when you like this bad movie. You look like an external player. <br /> <br /> No full movie with this has several errors. Some discussions fall flat, and some plot around two partners come together a little too. However, there is nothing that distorts the film. Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are amazing. Today is one of the best actors of his generation. Waiting 'you will see him in New York Group before calling him anything more than a good boy. Kate Winslet was very strong in this film. The movie was really his, and he lived together well. James Cameron managed to manage what many people believed was not difficult to restore the most trusted Titanic. The eyes of sinking were terrible, as it was that night. How anyone can say the harm was worse than me. I was made entirely. This video is one of the most memorable locations of another. Titanic leaving the port in Southampton. Rose and Jack in the bow, "jump". "Iceberg, right ahead!" Leaves dependent on the outside of the sea. The sound of punishment after going down. And the end brought even a person who had a leisure at the tears show. <br /> <br /> Music, which has also been affected by the film's success, was an important link. James Horner's mark was perfect. And the theme of love was beautiful and sad. The bad version of the song of the Celine Dion song had the destruction of this beautiful music for many. I agree, it's a buff of the Titanic. So, I made an opportunity to see the ship if we did not see it - with all its beauty. Perhaps watching that sink affects more than others because I have had that interest in the ship all my life. However, I am very doubtful of what I saw was the flower of the Titanic. I praise Cameron for bringing this story to the masses in a way that has never stopped the tragedy. The film was made by humanity. Another expert said it was better than I could: Open your heart to Titanic, and you can't despair.
