I find it very strange even after all these years, we are STILL talking about this movie! Obviously this film was not THAT bad or probably people could even bother to talk about it. I really enjoyed this film, and still do it! I think this film is not for everyone, but it certainly touched the hearts of many. <br /> <br /> As for those who think that this film is "overrated" or "over-hyped" ... well, we just have a movie that continues to thank the public for it! lol * You see, not critics / article writers that make the film "BATTLE" or "Hit" with the main movie of the public. PEOPLE make a film of great success. For Titanic, everyone was afraid. Let's say, a film like this has never been done before. At least not for a variety of special effects needed to actually capture the essence of the ship really sink. This film is appropriate that even James Cameron's timely real-sinking ship in the film and the REAL sinking of the event on April 1912. Even the silverware for good matched benefits! <br /> <br /> Give this film breaking you people! Critics thought this film could sink BIG time! When this movie came out and people began to hear with WORD OF MOUTH (which is a good type of advertisement to you) that this was a good / decent movie / movie, then everyone started to get into movies in groups to see this film ... not once, not twice, but maybe 3 times and more! So, really did not want to say that this film was "overhyped" ... at least not as a buildup for MATRIX reloaded or HULK is being "overhyped". ha! Critics did not even think that the Titanic could make enough money to achieve the Cameron film's gigantic film which it took to make this mammoth film. However, the financial films had a budget of 200 million and more! Personally, I love this film. However, this film can be for everyone. Do not say that this film takes only because of romance though! That's the most sexual thing I've ever heard! It forbids the film simply because it has a romance in it! The story was good. The discussion would have been better, but let's say it ... The real movie star was not Leo or Kate ... it was a GIGANTIC Shipano! I think all participants including DiCaprio and Winslet did a good job. It is not the best work (I have seen the best work from both of them) but it was not the WORST I saw on the screen before. Give them a break! <br /> <br />
