I avoided watching this film for a long time. Long before I was released I had refused to be the most recommended piece, the most striking, very big Hollywood schmaltz, and I didn't want nothing to do with it. I've never looked at it in the playground. I magnified my head without believing in the 11th Academy Awards - although I had never seen it. Then I was asked to be a judge in a high school school competition. One of the girls talked about this film. "It was very big," he said. "You felt like you were on the ship." "Sorry," I thought. I shared my feelings with my fellow judges. One looked at me and said, "You might be right, but if you liked the film, maybe he would want to learn more about the real Titanic. The movie must do the right thing to make him very interested." "Well, maybe," thought I. Then finally appeared on Pay TV. "Well," I said, "I'll give them a look." I didn't need to love - and I wasn't. I liked it! What's a good movie. <br /> <br /> Where to start? First - lead. My high school competitor speaking to the public was correct. James Cameron does a good job of building around "you're" a kind of atmosphere. The courage of life within the most prestigious ship in the world. Nonchalance as the first ice news spreads; then the importance of fear. You don't just look; you really feel. Then - the exhibition. The leading exhibition from Kate Winslet (like Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (as Jack) is the best - Winslet to be the greatest, I thought, but all were good. They had their rich / poor young boys under the perfect "t" I thought. In my opinion, though, stealing the show was Frances Fisher as the mother of Rose. He was perfect as the aristocrat of the snobby, and you can feel scared and delightful every time he watched Jack. Then - details. I am not an expert on the Titanic sink, but I have a prudent general knowledge, and this film works well to restore historical information accurately and then close it close to the false romance. Very interesting, in fact. Then - song. Who can watch this film and should not be considered by the performance of Celine Dion's "My Heart Continuing". Problems. In fact, that love had also found, for I just do not agree that Jack could have moved so much away from the leadership to the first class. (I know he had been invited for the first time, but he seems to continue to enter the first class without stopping until he got there for a while.) The realities of the separation of social classes showed more, I thought, when the steerage passengers were left behind behind the ship ice when the first-class people enjoyed enjoying half-saving boats. <br /> <br /> Little finger, however. This is the best movie. My only regret is not to see it on the playground, where I think it would be more interesting. <br /> <br /> 9/10
