Back in 1997, I remember this year: Clinton prevented the investigation of the investigation, the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, Marlins won the world series and the woman was born to septuplets. This was also a great year in the release of the Titanic, one of the largest films of all time: a story about a dream of a dream, about a young man and a girl who falls in love but has broken up with their class of society and the length of their emotional commitment to the ship meets and disaster. I don't think anyone could expect Titanic to be as it was, the movie was bigger than life and had millions of fans, 85% of them being young girls, I was 12 years old at the time, and of course he saw the film many times. It was a film that made me believe that the love that Jack and Rose shared was real and good. When I felt that the Titanic could not make any mistake, of course I grew up and had no look at the film since I was 14 years old, a few years ago I saw a film on DVD to 5.99 and I noticed that it was a good price to see what I thought about the movie now. It was worth the hype? Was it the best movie of all time? Was the real nose of Leonardo? Okay, I know that it's silly to say, but I no longer look at the film. To be completely honest here, Titanic is a good movie, the best movie of all time, no, it depends only on your idea of ​​a good film, but the Titanic is given with love, laughs, tragedy, emotions and let us go on this young journey. The movie begins with Brock Lovett and his team examining the collapse of the Titanic of RMS, looking for a necklace set by a blue diamond called the Heart of the Sea. It failed, they rather discovered the drawing of a young woman sitting nude, wearing the Heart of the Sea, on the Titanic when it had fallen. Rose Dawson Calvert 101-year-old learns to draw, and Lovett's friends inform him she is a woman in drawing. She and her granddaughter Elizabeth "Lizzy" Calvert visit Lovett and her worried team on her salvage ship. When asked if he would know the place of the necklace, Rose Calvert remembers his memory in Titanic, revealing for the first time that it was Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, Rose's 17-year-old board board board with her partner, Cal Hockley and her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, both of whom emphasize the importance of Rose's involvement to Cal since marriage will mean termination of debt Dewitt-Bukater: when they seem out of high class, Rose and her mother are financially broken. Depressed and frustrated with his involvement with Cal control and his mother's pressure is put him through and married, Rose tries to commit suicide by jumping from behind. Before growing, the drifter and artist named Jack Dawson intervenes. Jack and Rose are faced with lustful friendships if he thanks for saving his life, and shares the stories of his travel adventures and drawing; their securities grow when they leave the first-class official dinner-building report for a huge collection of Irish drums, music and beer in the third class. But after Cal's servant notified the Rose's place, Rose is forbidden to see Jack again. However, after witnessing a woman encouraging her seven-year-old daughter to act like a "beautiful woman" in tea, Rose despises her and her mother, begging Jack to draw her nude and just wear the Sea Heart, the current cooperation from Cal. After a good time together in the first time of fun, it goes to the ship's deck. They are witnessing a sharp collision of the ship and ice. After hearing the ship to discuss how the quarrel was, Rose says Jack should tell his mother and Cal. At the same time, Cal defines the drawing of the nude of Rose and his memory for safe, so he puts Jack by stealing the Heart of the Sea by having Lovejoy climbing into Jack's bag. After learning Cal wants to leave Jack die down the deck, Rose runs away with him and his mother to save him. Jack and Rose return to the top deck. Cal and Jack, although the enemies, both want Rose safe, so they persuade him to set up a speedy boat. But after realizing that he cannot leave Jack, Rose jumps again on the ship and reunite with Jack in the first ship staircase. Jack and Rose come back to the top deck, the boats are gone, and the ship goes down to the Atlantic freeze to pick up Jack and Rose down. What is the Titanic holding? I still say that this is a great movie to watch, I think there were still a few who hate that for some reason they just want to lose the film because it had won tons and everyone had love with the film. But it has good acting, amazing effects, well written stories and it still looks useless. To love it or hate it, you should accept this film not very much because of Leo's face or awesome Kate's right to the front, this film is something special. It will always hold a special place in my heart, also seen that I saw this film eight times in the theater when it was released. But all that is aside, I recommend this movie, it is good and has a point of decline in ordinary books one day. <br /> <br /> 10/10
