The Titanic directed by James Cameron offers a story of false love in the historical setting of Titanic. The plan is simple, not tough, or not for those who love the squares and turn and keep you in trouble. At the end of the film can be considered within the start of the film, but the story of love is interesting, however. Kate Winslett is amazing as Rose, a beautiful woman who was beaten by Cal (Billy Zane). Earlier on the trip Rose meets Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), a low-class artist to the United States after winning his ticket into the Titanic game of poker game. If she wants something, she goes and makes it contrary to the high class which is concerned with their social concerns. The two fall in love with the audience seeing the sinking of Titanic through their eyes. <br /> <br /> Movie begins in modern times and explores the collapse of the treasure hunting group, which is covered by Titanic, which recently occurred. One of the Titanic victims, Rose DeWitt Bukater, who had heard about a fall on television and comes to a boat where the search is led from telling him what he remembers to help help. She gets to tell her a single trip to the Titanic. For this, the area travels to Southhampton, Ireland where the Titanic started the journey from April 10, 1912 as all passengers are climbing. After another stop on the Irish coast of Titanic it went to see on his young trip to the Atlantic embassy in New York. Historically the first few days of the journey have gone to destruction, but the false plot of the story is made at this time as Rose sees the hopelessness of the collaboration he has with Cal Hockley supporters and likes to third-class players, Jack Dawson. Captain Smith was charged as shown in the film was encouraged by the White Star Director to speed up the ship so that they could make headlines and get more information for the arrival of New York on Thursday night and not Friday morning as planned. Smith then ordered a desperate decision to go against his thirty-two years to stretch the Titanic legs at full speed. The Titanic had said that the Atlantic waters were full of icebergs, but they ignored these warnings and continued as fast as shown in the film. On April 15, 1912 at 11:39, the ice was seen. They tried to erase the engine and turn the ship out of the ice route but did not have enough time and the ship hit the star on the side of the star as shown on the film. Display a few holes on the side of the ship and no one gash aside the same side is correct. Titanic staff sent a call of distress and relieved the stresses as shown until 2:18 when the lamp finally failed. California lights had seen six miles but they did not know what was going on and did not respond to the Titanic response for help. California had tried earlier that day to warn the Titanic of the severe ice that had led their journey but Titanic drove them away and led California to clear its radio and leave Titanic alone. The first class students and children were the first as they were shown to be in the boat boats that were on board. Most of the class passengers lost classrooms and staff were hard hit in this crisis as well. The staff of the White Line Line and the first passenger was trusted on the second and third passengers when the authorities tried to get information to sink. Also, the iron used in the Titanic has been found in recent years under extreme cold conditions, which had the experience of the Titanic of the night began to deteriorate. In general, the basic plot is very accurate in its scenarios and times when these events occurred on the Titanic. Most characters in the story were not real and just created for the purpose of the movie or as composite characters represent the character and possible imagination of people on the ship. Rose's mother, Jack, Cal, and Rose were all false characters added to stories as they represented different groups of people from that time. Yet many characters such as Unsinkable Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; ship manufacturer, Thomas Andrew; White Star Representative, Bruce Ismay; and all the Titanic officers were real. The boy's journey was going to the last trip to Captain Edward Smith even though he planned to retire later. He was part of the White Star Line since 1880 when he performed his work to his status as Captain Million when the Titanic began. The official exhibition is correct if only four survived the disaster except the officer who threatened to kill all the passengers of the ship and his pistol. He is a brave record and was sent away from the fact that James Cameron apologized and removed the city in his honor in the former Canadian official city. As shown in the film there was a language problem between staff and many low class passengers from non-English countries. In addition, the Lowe Officer is the only officer who returned to the motorboat as shown. The ancient people were shown in their bed as the water entered their room were according to Strauss'. She did not want to leave the side of her husband Ms Strauss refused to get into her fishing boat and died with her husband at Titanic. Additionally, Mr. Goggenheim who was shown to make his brandy and smoking cigarettes reportedly went like this wearing the best. The richest man in the ship, John Jacob Astor, who gave much of Manhattan's estate died, but his little wife was saved in a motorboat. In addition, Molly Brown was saved and later had medals offered to Carpethia staff who picked up the victims of Titanic above the water. His tickets on the Titanic had cost more than four thousand dollars and the end of his life he finished breaking. All the inside of the ship was well positioned to the final parts of China and the money. Gymnasium, which does not appear to be fully restored by all the machine-made machines to match what was seen in old photos. The beautiful and expensive clothes were the best creation of the post-Victorian era of 1912. Employers at this time ruled everything, as women's enough movement has not yet moved. Women at this time were often married for financial security as Rose was thinking about doing and usually took a soap condition for their husbands as Cal wanted Rose to do. Kings did not use the new money as well as Molly Brown as shown. Everything was very formal. Women had to be escorted to dinner with male figures as shown in the food stations. Smoking was not very common among women of the time but the owners of cigarettes, which were coming at the time were used as seen by Rose in the movie. Men of the time generally smoke cigarettes are not smoking. Women were locked up physically with their corsets and society and society. Although James Cameron did not have a historical history that brought Titanic professionals as well as two years he used history to reflect the history of Titanic and short autonomy. The best movie movies and special effects also helped to make the film more interesting. The known message can be seen on the Titanic film as people on the ship had three hours to reflect on their destruction. Director, James Cameron, shows different effects at this time of crisis in people's lives. Everyone gets different and makes you think how you can respond if you are in the same situation at Titanic on that horrible night. Additionally, this film is an example of the 1990s when it was released as it looks at the collapse of the Titanic. In just fifteen years the site of the real Titanic has been found and investigated. This film was able to help us see more tragedies that most did not see. However, the ethical question that people today should take the money from the fall of underground cemeteries takes place. There have been attempts to stop the treasure hunt for missions as shown on Titanic but all have failed. Like today anyone can make a trip to Titanic and take whatever value is displayed in the film showing the general values ​​of our time on this issue. It is really well done. To get a picture of the destruction under the sea will take twelve dives to get all the required pictures for the film. In addition, a special camera was required to withstand severe pressure under the sea. Cameron did not have a plan to use the Titanic solution as anyone who has been in the age of 88 since the ship climbed but it worked that this provided a special view on the ship. Additionally, all the film is faced with a move due to the fall of Titanic on the Titanic area during its real journey. These changes between the modern area and the old area during the journey work as a good transition that makes the story easier to follow in a more unusual way. At the beginning of the soap films are used to restore the area where the real people left the European coast on Titanic separately from other film events. <br /> <br /> Titanic has almost like biographical biography and is like a work of art, a real epic. Like many historical stories, we know it's finished, but it does not remove the wonderful way that can be found in this picture. Other features of this film are the Academy awards material including expensive, sound, photography, and editing. If you would like interesting characters that will give you insight into the life of the early 1900s and how they are faced with disaster, then this movie is obvious to you. <br /> <br />
