Anime that has given me the anime ... <br /> <br /> Set in 2010 (hey, not too far now!) The world now has formed the pollution of gas pollution and violence. To see how the crime occurs about 30 months and so is the case with the thieves who have the power of the third terrorist terrorist, the New Port City's false government creates the Tank Police to deal with the problem - fighters and tanks! Oh attack! The "heroes" of this series include new employers Leona Ozaki, a Japanese-colored woman (maybe I know, they do not get their Japanese names for Japanese appearance) who is just written on Tank Police and is associated with a quick and blond, blue eyed nice guy Al. Leona is new in using tanks and unfortunately he destroys a favorite tank of the Tank Police Commander of England (also known as "Brenten"), a great guy who looks like Tom Selleck on steroids and games pair of sunglasses sunglasses, a great refugee and the worst anger. The UK did not want to have Leona joining Police Tank first place and destroying the Tiger Special (giant green monster tank) does not particularly love him, nor does he love him to pick up the remains of his huge tank and use it to build a mini tank on which he named Bonaparte and he recently pushed that he transferred to the welfare of children "where boys are your size" as he puts it. There is also Specs, the philosophy of bifocal, the Bible quotes / Pastor of God fearful, Mohican's purple MO, and Mr. General's pot, who is entitled to thank the mayor constantly asking him about the antics of the Tank Police. Seeing how the tank car loses half a city while evading bad people and using violent violence to send them, they don't like people very much. "Criminals" is a cyborg called Buaku who has a wonderful history that is connected to a project known as "Green Peace", his group and its two sexy catborough clubs Anna & Uni Puma. In the first phase these boys are paid to steal urine samples from the hospital to treat people who are not infected by the gas and poisonous gas and in 2 employers to steal the Buaku honey painting. The story, however, did not succeed in anime and ended in the comic book ("Manga") which is very difficult to find. All kinds of chaos and concepts that are taking place in this black-collaboration partners that explore how far people want their police to go to find criminals and what happens when a narrow line between good boys and bad boys begins to get worse. This is the kind of thing that if you were going to make his film, you would like to find Quentin Tarantino. It has never been in places but there is still much joy. Followed by "New Dominion: Police Tank".
