Search for ELEPHANT can not be an acme of literature or film, but it is a good entertainment in melodramatic conditions. It is a story of love, true and legitimate, as well as despair, dedication, and pride of personal injustice. The former inspector, John Mankin, asks why the main purpose of the film, the house called Elephant Walk, would have been built by the former owner, "late governor" Tom Tom Wiley, along the traditional way of elephant to go to the main source of water, the river. Failure to do this is missing the core of the film center: hubris man. That his son, played by Peter Finch, should be happy with the beautiful pictures and the skill of his respected father, not expected, because the child had no mother who grew up in a foreign jungle with his father and boys 'rowdy' club as His models. The father's way was that he was a human being who could love nature and pleasing him, and that love is not just a tea field on an elephant once guided, but also that he could dominate even a large bull that led to a cow , and so he could control his son and around him, and so we joined the story after the elephant rejected the important season of dry to find their way to the water. Who can know that this dry season will continue for a long time and what the elephant will do for desperation to get water? This is a matter of film: what animals will do to get water; What will people do to get power or love? Ceylon, Sri Lanka today, is a large island along the Indian coast where the plant is one and one quickly learns that it is a real story of the story, not just Miss Taylor's costs. It was not for a foreign area (a large part of the film was shot in Ceylon), and this amazing "bungalow" would be just another canal. One must recognize the conditions here as important in time and place, because it enlightens the wealth of the last days and the power acquired by the 'conquerors' of English who were part of the British part. It is the same wealth acquired by the use of the ordinary servant's work that one can build a beautiful house of feminine, teak, and marble. It is not neglected by the Jalees with a mysterious window (the grilli window and the door frames) obviously described by art directors J. McMillan Johnson and Hal Pereira and obviously being done by the cheap work on the island. The craftsmanship highlights the attention that these people wanted. For those who have time protection, place, and architecture, there is always a search for Miss Taylor, if a man does not know the truth and is against the other person, against the described history, and under the great humiliation of a deceased person's legacy. As I have said, not many books nor big movies, but it's a great long festival before that time was reduced by the special effects of today. This is one of these films that have been made to appear on the big screens on the outside, not on the home TV, so set up a large screen to see it fully appreciate the good work of the camera and scope.
