The 'OffOn' of Scott Bartlett is nine minutes of pure laziness. It is the front attack of psychedelic, ringing, fit-inducing color and color lights, and connecting to the true film and video in the avante-garde movie. No stories to say, but Bartlett uses natural pictures? especially the human face and form? creating a series of emotional effects, integrating these biological events into a modern industrial form. For, the film represents the integration of humanity in its tools, its machine, its technology. This theme combines the opposite part of HAL9000 in 2001 of Stanley Kubrick ': Space Odyssey (1968),' and in fact, the opening of a photo of Bartlett? the color stimulating before the eye of the human eye? recalls the trip to Dave Bowman via Stargate. Exhibitions have a lot of colors, combining a mix of bright images, a vivid picture and a growing video, as if we are sitting next to the television screen [in fact, the last products were modified from TV tracking]. <br /> It seems to have confusion about the release date of the film. IMD shows the film as released in 1972, but the National Registry of the Film and National Film Preservation Foundation provides in 1968 as an appropriate year. Perhaps this difference shows the time between the completion of the film and its first public inquiry. In any way, these pictures are clear before their time, constantly reminding the music of the 1980s music, and some of the sound music of techno is not appropriate, either! 'OffOn' capture grainy, pictures divided, presenting life from a glossy view of a very complicated data processing. I had an idea? and please do not check this free-thinking translation? that foreign civilization gets a signal on the World TV can receive as well as foreign documents of human life, an incredible picture of images that could not make any sense. Perhaps this is where Man, with all his technology, eventually leads, towards the merger of the film and non-fixed video, purity and reconciliation.
