Directed by Govind Nihalani, this is an emergency film of Indian movies. It may be the first that showed the reality of corruption in the police force and politics that were not prevented and how it affected the young soldier. One person was forced to join the work of a soldier and his father. We agreed that we were looking at the contemporary Hindi owners / but this is different. Today's generation, which has been looking at the dark and true films as 'Satya', 'Company' can focus on poor products by comparison but see when to do. The film has been made quite a whistle when people were not very attentive to the type of film and it still became the most popular fighter film in the class and the group audience was given. For Om Puri its first achievements in the Indian cinema typical and gave class performance as Velankar Inspector. Its more than cop cop, he internalized much that is something original in the act. Check out his events with his father who he hates & Smita who he likes. Smita Patil held the respect of her behavior to the expected level. My God what words of nature he bear !!! Shafi Inamdar was a discovery for me and she is a brilliant actor if she has been given an opportunity & here in some of the events she has even given Om. The movie is also the beginning of a man who promised on the Indian-Sadashiv Amrapurkar screen as 'Rama Shetty'. It is another story that he did not have the role of such a meat and almost forgotten today as one of the great villain of the Dharmendra Classes of B. See the area where Om 1 when you become rebellious for his father (played by Amrish Puri) and all two are sharing wine together. How real inside began to reveal to both character and to deal with feelings of love and hatred for each other. The two pieces of the Indian Police Force - Masculinity & Impotency and between half the truth (ardh satya)? Kudos for touch to Nihalani. The film won 2 National awards as the Indian Indian Film and Actor Best- Om Puri and 3 Filmfare Awards in Best Film, Best Director & Best Help Victor Category. It is recommended for all those who are attracted to the Indian movie. <br /> <br /> Synchronization- 8/10
