"Ardh Satya" is one of the best films made in Hindi Cinema. Directed by the general director Govind Nihalani, this is the most successful beat of the Cinema Competition which also became a successful Business. Even today, Ardh Satya is inspired by all leading India directors. <br /> <br /> The film describes the real life situation of Mumbai's 70th anniversary. Unlike any other city Police in India, Mumbai Police incorporates a completely different system. Govind Nihalani builds Outlay very useful for the real life of the Mumbai Life Police. Among the police officers and his colleagues, the film tells the story of Anand Velankar, a young blood keeper from the poor family. His father is a Police Police. Anand himself feels the thoughts of his father and the events of his father's enemies to his mother. Anand way towards the immediate action against crime, is the desire to enter for his satisfaction. The film here has emerged in an arrangement where Anand's regular efforts against crime are developed by his elders. This leads to frustration, because it cannot achieve Job's humility. Due to the problem, his anger is expressed in many violence in bottles and bars, and also turn to alcohol. The spirit in him is still alive, for he is constantly fighting the system. He knows the Metro system, where Police and politicians are linked to the last and last way. His compromise on improper training is bad. Finally it gets stopped. <br /> <br /> Trends are a staple piece & basic hard core. One of the most memorable events is when Anand declines in the house of the Underworld house of Rama Shetty to catch him, followed by a brief conversation that is amazing. In many cases, the film has hair hair to add hair. The Script's Practical Process is a great punch. Politics, Corruption, political influence, courage, all fraud is an important part of Mumbai's police today. These issues are dealt with carefully. In the end, the films are a show of One Man, Om Puri showing Anand Velankar passing through all his senses in a very transparent manner.
