I loved this film. Not being a fan of Ed Wood Jr. the one who loves, I would like to appreciate the “infinite enthusiasm” and recognize its limitations. Her movies are fun, but her personal story is one of the pain. I hoped, and I was glad to find, that this film would be about understanding his life of suffering, rather than just giving him the reputation of speaking. From the beginning to the end, this film comes from a document on the story, allowing it to be thrown by a viewer connected unexpectedly to Ed Wood Jr. What we find is people who knew Ed Wood better to talk about it from both view, positive and negative, and show us their character like Ed. We gain insight into personal and academic life: from her romance, by drinking her, by her sex, by her friends, by her enemies, and even by making her film. <br /> <br /> The film itself is a shot down through a budget that seems to be honorable to Ed, like the use of many cinematic techniques released from 1996 without worrying (like wearing a better suit than President). The layout setting uses a sense of humor and also a lot of insight when comparing each member hit by their history. Fans will be happy to hear personal testimony about the Ed Wood competition, and new audiences will be surprised that this person was real. The DVD is full of hard to find jewelery ("Crossroads of Lorado" and photo galleries), but the real treasure of this film is an amazing story involving and related. Ed Wood had a tendency to define people through their association (for better or worse), until one woman descended into history as "Swimming Owner" at once allowing her and her friends to be baptized in her pond. This ability to define the legacy of a person comes through the whole world, as the most dramatic impact of the film is not only to give a good idea of ​​the former Ed Wood Jr., but also to give a full view of the society that he has created. Somehow, without having more than one member being dealt with on the screen at the same time, the relationship Ed Ed created between different people in his life becomes clear, and the viewer is left with a big decision. <br /> <br> Even the headlines on the B-list of fear, but at the end, we see that even this is kind. What starts out like stories not related to the endless people and end up with the conclusion that all of the cast will be ever incorporated into the unpredictable fabric of the cluster that history will bring the haunting unity with the story of Wood. <br /> <br /> In many ways the opposite life, Ed Wood Jr. could not be closed with one view. This cooperation effort is closer to knowing him we can find. Being itself is the juxtaposition of the theme, it is once honorable, exciting, thoughtful, promoting, fun, sad, kind, and fulfilling.
