Shinjuku Triad Society, although perfect, is a powerful compelling film for what it tries to show in its normal location. It is a picture of the yakuza / triad, including the forces against the Japanese / / or Chinese groups (especially the Chinese, as the head shows), but already even in its first 'first' technical, Takashi Miike has already set many factors for The films that she could do from here. Social issues as a black business market of value products, in this case the human organs usually from children; the nostalgia of the childhood and the roots of the man, which was particularly particularly in the Dead or Alien 2; nose nose in small as sex and (satirical) rape / abuse of women; blood abuse. Certainly not as surreal as some of the most recent Miike films, but this is expected if he tries to start things that he just starts learning, following a direct track record of video programs. It has all these features, and also, like films that would follow from them, similar to safe and heart, things (in advertising) and sardonic in its game, and solid for green fans. The story is about two brothers, one of the Chinese orphans who raised him in Japan, Tatsuhito Kiriya (Kippei Shiina, very good as an Eastwood East striker), who is a detective, and another, who is gangster , or-one. The main arch seems likely to a Wang group named Wang (definitely pun on what the group represents during his spare time, played by Tomorowo Taguchi as a common wacko and a real fear in his eyes), and his lover Karino (Takeshi Kaisari, who he threatens even when he repeats the command repeatedly to a woman who had seen his eye following a sharp contract), who is a non-fertile form that is close to the creature in Miike's movie. There is a controversy involving business plan and cyclone groups, which Kiriya almost becomes a victim of, and the horn of the sex group - at least one puppet of the kind that does whatever the group wants. It all leads up to revenge and redemption, the qualities that Miike and her author try to copy from Shakespeare (hence Macbeth writes and Wang washing often his romantic blood after sex sex means "will not come"). If it does not add to the same level of emotional impact that Shakespeare's great can play, it is for a film course like this. Miike's goals have met, although they have met, with its low expectations: a gangster picture and other complicated family problems (greater tension between brothers comes from professionalism and responsibility for parents), says about the crimes of the crime crime , and what the sex zone is unrepentant, with both sex, provides psychological in the characters. At the same time, Shinjuku Triad Society also has more time short-acting black-comedy color from Miike's work. Some of these must be taken by the grain of salt for what the director does in his deficit, such as at the beginning and the chair beating the face, or the shortage of "interrogation" when it enters the most corrupt area. There is even a voice-from-sex youth-after-ending act to one of the heads: "Thank you, Mr. Weeny-Burger." Miike and his author do not have enough here to make a film of full comedy like Ichi or, of course, Alien Q, but there is enough to bring the right balance to the black stuff for stories and characters. <Br /> <br /> As the first entry to the trilogy of the "Black Society", as it is called, I was very impressed, and it's a good phone call from one of the new craziest artists in modern movies.
