Masters of Horror: The Right to Death begins one night as Abby married (Julia Anderson) & Ciff Addison (Martin Donovan) are driving home, however when talking to Cliff is disturbed by falling on a fallen road. Clibag's airbag works well and goes off with minor injuries, unfortunately for Abby hers he did not end up as a toast when he dumped from the car & doused in gasoline which put alight burning his whole body. Abby's life is saved, only. She is taken to a hospital where she lives in a life of serious injury and severely damaged by burning. Cliff decides that he must die, his lawyer self-Ira (Corbin Bersen) thinks they should allow Abby to die, accuse the car manufacturer and get rich when Abby's mum Pam (Linda Sorenson) wants to blame Cliff, get rich and save Abby. However Abby has other plans for his own ... <br /> <br /> Production of this North American partnership was led by Rob Schmidt (who was just a terrible film was previously Wrong Turn (2003) which therefore it is not appropriate to refer to the Masters of Horror episode & it was the 9th part of the 2nd season of the Masters of Horror TV series, when I didn't think the right to die is the best Masters of Horror that I saw I thought was an equal effort and not yet almost as bad as Solution Screwfly (2006). John Esposito's script has a great central idea that is not a new idea but it uses it effectively though I would like to say incorrect, the first 15 minutes of this focuses on the aspect of fear of the story but then it goes into 20 minutes of odd if it becomes dancing if the legal competition on the life of Abby & Cliff's things is taking a central step before returning on the track is a peak of gory and distracting stimulation that may not be in the heart of despair. This character is a little clichéd, a weak man, a bent woman, a protective mother and a young boy who has sex to get what she wants but all of them serve their purpose enough, talk is the same, the story goes to a good speed & general I loved the right to die off A few minutes here and where it loses is a little attention & I'm not interested in ending hard. <br /> <br /> Director Schmidt works fine & there are effective screens, this tries to switch between low-spooky air conditions and out of the blood and out. There are some special effects of make-up as usual, there are shots of Abby where she has had all the skin burned off her body & head bandaged head with her teeth showing because she has no left lips is pretty gross (pictures and pretend effects that reminded me of such events in Hellraiser (1987) and sequels), then there is a great course at the end where the real cliff real man full and close-ups scalpels slicing the skin opened and he peeling off the muscles and put it in a cool box! It's very bad. There are also different parts of the body. There are weaknesses here with at least good women to get naked ... <br /> <br /> Certainly the Right to Die is the best, special effects are brilliant and as many masters of Horror episodes does not look like a cheap show offered by for TVs that are basically the truth you are told is. Acting was good but no 'big names' in this. <br /> <br /> The Right to Death is the Masters of Horror's other enjoyable and somewhat deviated from which many horrible fans should definitely look like not just for the mild skin skin! Well worth looking ... for those with stomach.
