The husband and wife get a serious car accident. When the wife remains in a vegetable situation, one must cut between connecting the plug and let him live. The decision is made even more when he knows his spirit wants to take revenge on him and those around him. <br /> <br /> This comes to us from director Rob Schmidt, who made "Wrong Turn" (the film I don't see). For just one awesome film under its belt, and not so bad for it, I was reluctant to look at this section, waiting for the Schmidt to be a "Master of Anger" simply for more liberal. I apologize to him for my underestimation. As part of the 10th season in the 13th season, this was really better yet. The question of "right to die" is dealt with and is covered with enough information to be a solid device. However, this is the only foundation that the story is about. Once the fearful things are shown, the film goes from "honor" to "awesome". Great acting, good plot, good conversation, serious doubts. I was a little sometimes (which is good) and most of all: gore is in severe quantity! I read the review of this period before watching it, where the inspector said there was a strong sense of "Hellraiser" in this. Through the first part of the show, I did not know what they were talking about. Then there is a little later when some pictures remind me of "Hellraiser 2". However, I have no intention to say that this takes away from the film. I can't see another way to create the effect that was created, and in my opinion this looks better than "Hellraiser 2". <br /> <br /> Some of the conspiracy plans reflect the future, and can post a viewer. I couldn't look at it a second time, but I think the beginning would be more meaningful if I were (not combining). Subplot and dental hygiene are also good, and I found myself back on if I didn't like the main character for his relationship with him or if I have heard bad. She is the amount of hero to fight the whole story, if you want. I feel like to thank him as the main character, but he doesn't like it. <br /> <br /> When Stuart Gordon's time may be better and I am excited about the part of "Washingtonians", I think I can safely defend that this is an important part of the season and with the grace of saving grace of what was missing otherwise and unusual. When the story as John Carpenter allows me (again) I am worried about the future of the kind, but then a clean face like Rob Schmidt comes and gives me hope. This is a protector, and please take Schmidt back to the 3rd season!
