I don't really know that Rob Schmidt deserves to be a "teacher" in a kind of panic, since he once described a horrible film called "Wrong Turn" and that one really was just a little about mediocre, but the fact is that he did with "Righteousness" Die "one of the most beautiful and political events of the second season of the" Masters of Horror "season. There was a similar story of the first season during one season, while William Malone made up the best scenarios with the "Haired Fair" though some of its long films "Fear Dot Com" and "House on Haunted Hill" were taken well. br>> <br /> The Story of "The Right to Death" for a trick includes carefully these days the social discussion of euthanasia fire, but with gratitude also has many old horrible themes such as revenge, killings , the plot of humor and the grapefruit read the delicate violence. While driving home at the end of one night and discussing the husband's adultery, the Addison couple are involved in a car crash. Cliff goes away and falls unintentionally but his wife Abby has been fully burned and needs to be kept alive. When Cliff and his counselor (Corbin Bernsen's "Dentist") want to block the sealing and accuse the car builder, Abbey's mother has set up a massive media campaign to feed her daughter as a vegetable and blamed everything in Cliff. At the same time the spirit of Abbey's hatred returns to take revenge and kill someone in the cliff cycle whenever he has little experience near medical equipment. After a few victims, Cliff realizes that it can be safe to keep his wife alive if he wants to stay alive too. "The Right to Death" is a very large part of the things that I always hoped to see from the concept of TV series as "Masters of Horror". It is violent and has a sense of disease and distortion of humor and luggage of the sleaze system. The euthanasia and circus head of the media that circulate are used in the script very well, but without going back to the course for political or ethical studies. The atmosphere is suspenseful and the protests are very suitable and do not agree. Traders Julia Anderson and Robin Sydney have all had a good face with very unwanted racks, which often include welcome, and Corbin Bernsen finally offered the opportunity again to describe a powerful bastard. Great "MoH" section; definitely one of the highlights of both seasons.
