It is interesting that from a good film, though not suitable, the film has been made after the first nine years, the whole franchise can grow. 'Stargate; SG1 'is, of course, adding a suitable attribute to false science and has the right to stand shoulder to shoulder with' Star Trek 'as a sci-fi kings. <br /> <br /> Follow on from the 1994 film 'Stargate' film, this series sees the Stargate command (military organization / science) to ensure that the star system can be used to travel on different planets in the galaxy and The more the army puts several teams to explore. SG1 is one team, led by former Military Colonel Jack O'Neill, and includes Doctor Doctor Daniel Jackson, military scientist Captain Samantha Carter and guest Teal'c, who has defended his leaders on the hope of one day to redeem his people . The world quickly makes the enemy of Goa'uld, the race of parasites who use humans as hosts and think themselves equally with the gods. It is a very high wind to bring this show to life. Richard Dean Anderson is perfect as O'Neill's arrogant and fearful, who can move from boy to death with eyes of eyes. Michael Shanks, like Daniel, brings heart and iron love to character, who has grown from the guilt of the wide and darker and more complex as the show has continued. Amanda Tapping, like Carter, has made a perfect balance between showing the character of her character without understanding the fact that she is a powerful, skilled scientist. Christopher Judge is better as Teal'c emerged, who can show a sense of behavior and cunning. And Don S Davis is perfect as Mr. General Hammond who leads to the balance of equality and standing. Nearly all sessions are related to intellectual reflection, reflecting on ethical values ​​and conflict between military and civic interests (often displayed in the case of O'Neill and Jackson). Visitors are clearly shown and stories are run in a way that does not enable the audience. SG1 also grows with humor, from O'Neill's wishes for periods that are just wacky and odd! SG1 has everything from stage to drama to romance to stop the heart events of death. Not only show the best of sci-fi but it is the best display, in general.
