I would have given this film a few stars, just because it was a true "Life" presentation that was published in an area that is shown in the story - here, New York City. Many on this station, be "put" there, in the villages of Iowa, Oregon, Virginia, LA etc, happens in Vancouver, Ottawa, Toronto or elsewhere in Canada. One of the most eligible - 10 * on this site, is this movie. Certainly not in nature, for this story has been done many times, with many variations, and several very different from this specific. It has also been done often on large screens, and mega stars, past and present, from Cary Grant, James Garner, Harrison Ford, Tom Hanks, et al - and Deborah Kerr, Doris Day, Meg Ryan, and much more. I can think of at least 10–12, as famous, passed by now, from the top of my head, who can be added now, and maybe there are many others who can be brought to mind. It does not drink, but my argument is that, in my opinion, this is one of the best of this kind I have seen. I found it unfortunate on mid-Friday, when I had only a TV because I was taking a few hours a week just a hectare. I could never run on this flick in 8 years since it was released. And, when the two leaders have done enough to be known to many, they were not quite known. Only two players I knew were Phyllis Newman (mother of Anna) whom I had seen in other things from her younger days, and Michael Rispoli (Henry, the best friend of Charlie) who was better like "Gramma," bad artery, tough, road the guy from "Rounders." A meeting of space and collaboration between all leads' best friends, like a small romance story, and the proportion that they like Anna and Charlie are exposed to all later, are often forming a plot within a variety, but it is unlike different here. (in fact, tightening). <br /> <br /> Looking at other views, I fully agree with what is most suitable. The basic word that describes this film is ENGAGING, in a hat. This illustration describes artists; characters; The chemistry in the middle and among all the characters, in any presented presentation, and all support functions and even small. <br /> <br /> I love the film and "harder:" "Rotate;" Planner Schwarzenegger / Stallone fare; "Goodfellows;" even the classic as "Casablanca," "Gone with the Wind," "Citizen Kane." But for the fresh, uncomfortable, this was good. For the unseen part of their budgets, it was similar to the results obtained by "You Found a Letter" and "Missing in Seattle." And Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan could not do better than Natasha Henstridge and Michael Vartan here; The co-stars and support staff here were similar to those on these mega films, too.
