I used the flyer to rent this movie but I said, it was very good. On all borders: script, cast, director, photography, and high production values, etc.. It proves Eva Longoria Parker is the head and shoulders in rom / com on the evil actors like Kate Hudson and Jennifer Aniston, who tend to call them to do. Who can use it? Parker and Isla Fisher are in class with themselves and should try to hold such projects as "On His Body." Lake Bell is the best, too, and this is the first time I've seen him. And finally, Paul Rudd gets bright in a very good film, rather than a small film. This is not available from the nearest men. It's very bad. If other IMD reviewers have identified here, nothing burns on these text-hack writing or acting. <br /> <br /> And its direction of L.A. and California, in general, makes every area seem to be lighter, beautiful, clean, and otherwise better every way. Never a movie has never been seen as L.A. looks very good. Ah, what a talent and a lot of caring can do for the film. <br /> <br /> I will not remove the plot, but as a long and difficult person to believe that there is no God, I was determined to stop unbelief and buy into an unusual theme to enjoy a beautiful piece of entertainment. It reminds me of the old "Topper" films, which also enjoyed very much. <br /> <br /> This movie shows the most popular, but otherwise hackneyed, movies are similar to the "Ghost" for the most unusual and very interesting feet are. We already know the public taste is very dependent on the nearest side. Some of us save our reputation really worthy, however. Have you enjoyed other jewelery missiles such as "At Night" by Michelle Pfeiffer, Jeff Goldblum and Clu Gulager, "Blind Date" and Bruce Willis and Kim Basinger, "American Dreamer" and JoBeth Williams, " Source "by Robert Downey Jr., Christopher McDonald and Cybil Sheppard," Making Mr. Right "by John Malkovich, etc., you will enjoy this. The first level of work (even though it is difficult to believe a good person can pretend to be gay for more than five years.) But even the plot of the plot does not stop the overall welfare of the film.
