RUMA is a memorable entry into a series of battles during the war training of starring "Private Snafu." The films were organized for the staff and were directed, reserved and beaten by top talent from Warner Bros' Terite Terrace, including Friz Freleng, Chuck Jones, and Carl Stalling. Mel Blanc is highly valued voice for Snafu, with stories and rhyming stories for many films made by Theodor Geisel, ie Dr. Seuss. The idea was to convey the basic concepts and pictures of beauty and transparency, using Snafu's character as a perfect example: he was a dope, a small farmer who could do everything that he should do. According to Chuck Jones the text had to be approved by the Pentagon leaders, but the Military copper also allows the shadows of the size of freedom on the language of the language and the waldy, the most sure of the timely control of the time you can allow - all for the best, without doubt. <br /> <br /> As the head shows, this cartoon is a symbol of the destructive power of rumors. The layout is a military camp. Snafu personally lives next to another soldier in the seat (something that you can't see in other Hollywood films of the era) and their regular conversation begins the ball. We consider it as a word of destruction on the explosives, then it spreads, then it turns into an alarming increase in the camps. The picture is obvious: the brain of one worried soldier is shown as a pan of loss, while another person's speech is given as a hot air, namely "balloon juice." The soldier "burns his mouth," a cannon style, and before knowing it is actually a baloney goes on every side. Baloney's wings, therefore. Dangerous soldiers say Bridge Bridge has been broken, Coney Island was destroyed, enemy soldiers have arrived at the White House, and Japan are California. The exhibition has been higher and evening until finally the camp has been opened for "Rumor-itis" and the private Skull is locked in a saturated cell. <br /> <br /> This is a very good job. The film representatives played their themes for witches with amazing energy, and the message is still correct. In recent years we have seen these bad events (real or imagined) can reproduce all kinds of wild rumors that are spread faster than ever before from the development of communication. Because technology has improved, the private Snafus of our time has the ability to advertise their balloon juice through email, cell phones and blogging. Therefore, RUMORS is a rare example of the war-time war that the most important message is not always good; in fact it may be more time.
