'De Grot' is the excitement of the Netherlands, according to the book written by Tim Krabbé. One of his books, 'Het Gouden Ei' was held in the Netherlands' great 'Spoorloos' (' The Vanishing ') in 1988. This is not as good as that (although it is much better than American remake also called' Vanishing ' ) but there is always approaching. especially when opening is severe. We see a man, later we learn his name is Egon Wagter (Fedja van Huêt), coming from a plane in Thailand. When he gets his pockets so clear that he hits anything until the border. These events are fully directed, photographed and made. The type of doubt is designed that you will not have an opening status like this. Later we see how Egon does his plan in Thailand with a woman, both saying they have never done anything like this. <br /> <br /> From this action movie comes always with flash-forward. We see how Egon, still like a child (here played by Erik van der Horst), a boyfriend named Axel (as a child played with Benja Bruijning). We learn how they grew up as friends, kind, and how Axel (as an adult who played with Marcel Hensema) became a criminal. Egon at the same time goes to college and sits with a woman. About this time sometimes meets Axel but he didn't want anything to do with him. <br /> <br /> The movie is translated by way. It shows Egon and Axel as children, than students, youth, and between three years. But from time to time, as I said, the movie returns when they were children and jumps again. Every time we see them as children describe something that happens when they are adults. <br /> <br /> Small vendors here. The name means 'Cave', and it is a cave that gives its final film of happiness, though it is not really true. As a start, the end is bright. The central part of the movie is entertaining and in a manner that drives our attention to the first events, just return at that end. It is the arrangement provided by the film to be a happy end, although we can say the wonderful end is happy with the way too.
