Tim Krabbe is the proposed author of 'Het Gouden Ei', a novel set on two screens ('Spoorloos' and 'The Vanishing'). One of the most recent tasks of the Dutch author is 'De Grot', a psychological surprise about two men, both Egon and Axel, who meet in a youth camp and, surprisingly, to be friends for the lives of loved ones. Egon is a quiet, quicker, who uses his time to read and write geography books. Axel, on the other hand, is a 'animal' charismatic party, a heavy breaker of drink whose daily concern is to find a woman in her bedroom. From the time they meet, Axel has a great influence on Egon, when the latter hates it because he has a good life without doing anything (like reading small books like Egon); Finally, Egon is also subjected to Egon in the illegal actions, which leads to the trafficking of drug abuse in a distant Asian country. <br /> <br /> After reading a book last year, I was surprised the critics were quite positive about it. In my opinion, the book is particularly disturbed due to complex structure. While Krabbe illustrates the story as a fascinating picture of a common relationship between two people, the plot becomes more than a puzzle: many events have not been submitted for a while, so that two consecutive events are rare in that period. For this reason, the story feels surprisingly far away: often you need to know the history of the behavior to take care of. Other complaints are the fact that the main characters, Egon and Axel, are very little. Egon IS 'improper mind, while his Axel is vice versa. In real life, people of the same type have never existed; in books and films, always seem to be there, taking great trust. With all this, the film was awesome, better than the book. Implementation exceeds its films, humor and act: Fedja van Huet (Egon) is one of the few Dutch actors who can forget you (which is in my opinion, the best performers can reach). The film's restrictions, however, are similar to this book: because because the characters are one-dimensional, they are so predictable that it becomes angry. I think who wrote the script? Indeed, Krabbe himself. It is obviously a talented director (that's what the film makes quite clear) facing a defective screen. Maybe Koolhoven should only choose the best book. <br /> <br /> 7/10
