Seeing this film was the most fun I had on the movie for a long time. However, I can't say if this is a good or bad film, because these simple features cannot be used. This photo contains everything that can have a film. It features a romantic comedy, political clarity, exciting, drama, action film, music, and anonymous film. It's all there, and add stories. The basic foundation is about the Indian couple, Nandini (Karishma Kapoor) and Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), happy living in Canada, who are going to India to visit the husband's parents after a shocking news report. All other stories are taking place in India, where couples find themselves in the middle of a financial abuse program. At the same time, the story gives me from "It is not out of my child," but calling him a restructuring of anything would be injustice. The line of the emerging story takes you back to the shock of surprise, including Shah Rukh Khan's dream of Aishwarya Rai which comes as another movie. In fact, the two stars are on all the posters, but they appear at the end of the film, and Shah Rukh alone concludes the actual character. Yet he does for him for the performance of spirit and unexpectedly. Karishma Kapoor has a lot of work to do in this film, and she is doing a good job, with a link to the film's motion and turns it to a sense of trust. Another popular presence is Nana Patekar, who plays Narsimha, the father of the Shekhar husband stroke. Nana Patekar dominates every area in which it is inside and a terrible but well-behaved attitude. <br /> <br /> movie is not part of the originality. Violence is widespread, but in fact it is confused in the abuse of many female actors, and Karishma is beaten several times. Sometimes, this abuse is disturbed but eventually it becomes surreal as every normal sequence is followed by strange and interesting turns that the overall effect is nothing but cathartic. <br /> <br /> I have seen a part of the sound release, and combining the type and resolutions of the mysterious plot is certainly normal. But "Shakti" raises the bar to absorb even more senses without being ignorant. It is a film that reaches the size of the Shakespearian tragedy, where the rabbit and royal audience are also interested. It is clean, free of movies, and director Krishna Vamsi should have a dream of a good time to throw every trick in the book. Perhaps, the most important message of violence bears violence and the dust that triggers the love of the mother is not a thought in my mind, but I came out of a "Shakti" look. Make movies can be the most fun in the world!
