The beauty of this film is reflected in a clear demonstration of the love of motherhood, unique displays, adequate implementation and a completely creative script. The film tells the story of a Indian woman, Nandini, who lives in Canada and her husband Shekhar and a young son Raja. Her husband often informs her family in India (who did not know her) is in trouble with the couple going to India. When they enter the village, Nanadini has trembled with fear to witness the rural culture; Shekhar's family, judged by her cruel, ruthless and compassionate father Narasimha, lives in a poor and very powerful life that is full of murder and terrorism and where women are involved with the helpless. Nandini begins Shekhar wishing to return home, but recently was killed by her father's enemies. When he wants to leave, Narasimha refuses to allow Raja to return to India. Here begins a fierce fight that can be called "Nandini against Narasimha". India has not been shown to be a good light in this film, but it shows only a few in its rural areas, so it can be appropriate even. Showing it is my right and not one because the good reason is also presented to the standard. Such horrible eyes can be shown in the film on any country in the world. These sites are wonderful, music is amazing, and the Krishna Vamshi direction is supported by the most effective movies and good editing. One thing that should be considered is the most enjoyable feature of hearing and Ismail Darbar, it's good. The characters are widely described though we can see both the bright and dark sides in different parts of the film. Fully displayed around, the film flows smoothly and is looking interesting and enjoyable. His discussion is good and written in mind, and although horrible advice can be very troubling in some points, most of the time good time helps reduce tension. <br /> <br /> The great power of the film is the exhibition. Karisma Kapoor is a breathing and is very believed as Nandini. His ability to balance equality and unrestrained emotions is just amazing. She demonstrates a lot of power, inspiration, pain and determination as a mother who wants to return to her child that this little child seems to be her son. His crossing when dealing with Nana Patekar which is like an explosion of volcanoes shows us how much easier women can become a tigress when it comes to her child. After Fiza, this is its most powerful performance. One of the most actors of Indian movies has seen, Nana Patekar cannot be understood as Narasimha. He can be as hateful as Narasimha is still as fascinating as he plays with him. Patekar demonstrates brutality, corruption and humanity in general. He is the best. Another good work comes without a surprise from India's low-down actor, Deepti Naval, who makes his character in full. Sanjay Kapoor is just enough and Shahrukh Khan provides good aid to comic. However, see Shakti - it would be better, but it should look-should.
