If any movie stands very well with the actors' skill, this is probably. I have never seen the discussion being discussed in a bad way, but have a strong feeling. The movie was bothering time. However, the movie was bad when editing. The movie tries to go a commercial way to add comedy and songs, but they feel out of place. As Karisma is beaten, and at the same time SRK fights (comically) with police officers. Ishq Kamina's song was very out. On top of that, the movie is very excited at first. The trend was not bad, but no one can boast. I tell you that executives' were carefully chosen. Without them, this film will have no effect. Karisma Kapoor has done her best to date, and this looks very good on her record after Zubeidaa and Fiza. He looks good in the first half, and I have never seen an actor shouting out of emotion and anger as well. It is not surprising that this is probably his most written role to date. Nana Patekar was as good as her father-in-law. Not much to say about it, instead of this is the responsibility to him. Deepti Naval as his son-in-law was the best in his last area. Although he does not have much to say, his face face and body language was good. Another good performance is a small child. He liked it, and he is sure to bring tears to the eyes of the viewer. The film is completely preserved and their displays. Sanjay Kapoor was the same, but did not have much to do. Shahrukh Khan had lost his role in boyish. One thing that brought the audience to the playground was Ishq Kamina. Singing and playing is perfect for non-song sounds. And Aish boy is very mad. However, the song would be just another movie because it came at the worst time ever. People may have come to the film by Aish, but they will not be very proud after the cut. Hum Tum Miley had succeeded well, but it seemed to make it as a state of suspicion left the movie. Damroo Bhaje was boring and nothing to refuse on. Dil Ne Pukara is also very bad for the song to get the movie status. In spite of bad editing, displays only make it necessary to see.
