A strong woman after a long time, Shakti Director of Krishna Vamsi-Force, the version of Hollywood's Non-Desi Dice. Stories about a woman's war against fierce violence. The film's story spinning Nandini (Karisma Kapoor) who lives in Canada with her two brothers (Tin Talsania, Jaspal Bhatti). There she meets Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), loves her and soon they are married. Their family is complete when Nandini has a boy, Raja (Teacher Jai Gidwani). But their happiness is short-lived, as the news of Shekhar's mother trouble (Deepti Naval) makes them leave their full life in Canada and come to India. And then problems begin. From the time they reach <br /> <br /> India, all are surprised to see the pollution and many groups of people everywhere. They take a train full of people to the village of Shekhar and finally reach the center, they should run the bus to their village. The sweaty bus bath with uncertainty makes the car never-end. And unfortunately for them, a large group that beat Shekhar out of shape because there is no bus attack. Fortunately, they are shot dead only for a while before they can harm him. After that, they run Havel where the father of Shekhar, Narsimha (Nana Patekar) lives with his wife (Deepti Naval). Nandani discovered that her father-in-law was standing just as he entered the place, but his pleasure was welcome to his son-in-law. Live there, Nandini learns about his father-in-law characteristic hatred and realizing that the murder of cruelty is a way of life for him. On the day he sees his son-in-law teaches his son to throw a bomb, he loses and claps his hands, urging Shekhar to return to Canada. But fear faces again when Shekhar was killed one day, leaving Nandini alone with her son in this strange country where she has been battled by an elderly father. His fight against this man to save his son is what makes the peak of this interesting film. What is happening Shakti from many films made at the end of it is also the rural environment of the movie. The only deficit is the Ismail Darbar music, which can not increase on the script. The only grace to save is the product of sexy Ishq Kameena, which is designed by Your Malik. Perhaps the director comes because he has removed the royal displays from his cast. Karisma Kapoor is a life of the film and has made the move to move as a helpless mother. He is certainly winning awards for this hot image. Second is the actress Nana Patekar who is back and bang with this film. His unusual routes follow him by hilt and he is shown his reconciliation again for this role. Sanjay Kapoor is a surprise pack of film with a transparent and effective film that stands against all other actors. Deepti Naval is also in the top form and its top Nana match has features. Comeo Shahrukh offers short time and certainly has been broken to get the value of the star required. Although his role was not needed, he did well. In general, Shakti is the best film than many lost these days and the hype of Pr-release is certainly getting a good opening. Shakti is sure to find critics and listeners are growing. Why if the film is needed to be reduced by at least 2 to reduce the effect. Shakti still has the ability to continue without a hitch!
