This review is dedicated to Keith Moon and John Entwistle. <br /> <br /> Drum original and Bass. It seems to be too early in advance Who's footage around these days, if there is more lets you do it, now-day seems to be a very different kind of who, the method, the shade of their years (better) more. To be just, none of them have to prove anything to anyone again, they have earned their dignity and for some time. This picture of my concert is one of the best. Commanding nearly 400,000 listeners and powerful people take skills, charisma, wit and a lot of good bloody music. We all know of other actions on the bill, Doors (their last always show a week before Jim Morrison died), Moody Blues, Hendrix, Delicious, Free and many more. The point is that everyone who was there was the most who came to see. This edition was one year after Hippie Fest's Great 1960s; Woodstock. Movies and records came and so had a great job for now, Tommy. The hungry people who wanted a wish wanted to taste, so that they could find their unique event, being able to "Ring and Love" with the knowledge that this gig was their own. To do this you need the best of what Rock 'n Roll had to be thrown to the hungry crowd. At two o'clock in the morning of August 1970, M.C. says, "Women and Lords, a small band of Rock 'n Roll from Shepherds Bush London,' OO '. \ t The man from the neck to the feet, Roger wearing his traditional long and long hair, Keith in a white t-shirt and jeans, as Pete had a white boiler suit and Doc Martins that he would like to wear. The destruction of the Energy Rock Long for more than two hours, making them with other great artists such as Young Man Blues, Shaking 'All Over, and then as on the queue, Keith walks crying for “Shut up, it's Opera's The blood "and Tommy, Opera's Rock. Right to go. That's what they came to hear, and who had no desire, directly in Overture and never come up to the air until the last note of" Tommy can hear me? " <br /> To get a picture of this band's stature h ii at their peak at the concert of its kind anywhere in the world was an amazing piece of Cinematic History. <br /> <br /> The English DVD only comes in English / Linear Stereo's voice of PCM, it was like in the country, I think, you can get with 5.1 at least, "See local media for details?" therefore, right. <br /> <br /> The duration of DVD is 85 minutes without extra, which is a desire. Yes, for a piece of Rock and Cultural History this DVD will take you to an animation journey under the memory of time when journalists, for some of the best pictures of the concert that were appropriate to be, Live, Raw and in your face! I would have given this DVD to you if it wasn't missing 5.1, and extra extra would have been good. Thanksgiving Roger, Pete, John and Keith.
