Invalid voice player. Karisma Kapoor is as good as the Indian woman in Canada who is married (Sanjay Kapoor), has a child, then visits her family in India just to find them terrorist fighters. Drama and tragedy are made, and the film becomes a non-BABY form of the title. The film is compulsory, his song song / dance song is unimportant and useless, the freedom of the song and dance is not good for the drama of the film, at least once we have left the comfort of their Canadian love nest? ? although the number one that has comeos and Aishwarya Rai is amazing is exciting, if it is finally caused too. Similarly, the incorporation of the sound of Shahrukh Khan's sound as a happy-go-lucky drifter who helps Kapoor in his escape from the battles of war turns to what was a great drama on the silly farce, and it just returns to his feet when his character? and her fantasies about Rai that produces her dance dance? supplied by. His comic-book dialogue and calming for its fighting events prevents the game of the planned film. The source is assisted by Nana Patekar as a fighter, with the best Deepti Naval who is better as his patient wife who finally decides to stand against him in one of the best films; Rhi Shivpuri and Rajshree Solanki are also very good as Sanjay sisters in India, and are very interesting to eye candy. But Sanjay himself is very involved, especially during the ad-libs. The author's style / director Krishna Wamsi is a slick, widespread transition and a sudden reduction, although his camera movements are good. Music emphasizes is also very effective, including voiceless female voice on a small orchestral group (much like the same thing that made it in SHAKTI voice, but the voice hasn't yet been worth adding symbols with songs on their audio albums. , at least not in most cases). But SHAKTI is a film of Karisma Kapoor, through all, though, and its performance once the film takes India varies well with a gentle romance in which she participates with Sanjay in the original Canadian scenes. Despite the variation of many images, Karisma performance completely sells film and enhances its negative actions. In a strange way, too, I have seen the myth that another replacing the royal legacy I found in CURSE OF FLOLD GOLDEN AND MARIE ANTOINETTE, both of whom I would like to see before, although SHAKTI is actually a different kind of film; but focus on the improper royal family? here living in the brutal rule of terrorism in India instead of the beauty of the Versailles or the megalomania of the Tang Dynasty of China's feudal? who independently seeking power brings devastation on many others and leads to awakening to one or another form provides a film for an important subject.
