On Sunday, July 27, 1997, the first part of a new science series called "Stargate SG-1" was announced at Showtime. The release of the 1994 movie "Stargate" film by Kurt Russell and James Spader, the series begins approximately one year after the events shown in the film. For ten seasons, it has caused adventures and misadventures of a non-confident team of researchers known as SG-1. Beginning, the star of the series Richard Dean Anderson as Colonel Jack O'Neill (two "l" s!), Michael Shanks as Dr Daniel Jackson, Amanda Tapping as Captain Samantha Carter, Christopher Justice as Teal'c and Don S. Davis as General Great George S. Hammond. For a decade, we watched the war team against Goa'uld, Replicators, Masha and many other rebels. At the same time, they strengthened cooperation with Asgard, Tokra, Jaffa rebels, Nox and Tollan. They survived the world is not less than eight years over the years and did not stop, even death demanded them. And sometimes even then. <br /> <br /> As for all long-term series, they were many cast change. Michael Shanks left a series in January 2002 at the end of his fifth season to extend its scope as an actor. Jonas Quinn, a stranger from a country called Kelowna on Langara planned by Korin Nemec. However, Shanks returned at the beginning of the seventh season in June 2003 and Nemec left at the same time. Unfortunately, he made only one appearance of the visitor and his character was rarely mentioned later. Don S. Davis left the series at the end of the seventh season in March 2004 as he felt that it was time to go. The original star show and according to its most famous actor, Richard Dean Anderson, played in a series of its first eight seasons. His participation in the seventh and eighth season was lower than the previous time. Finally he left "SG-1" in March 2005 to get more time with his six-year-old daughter. Jack O'Neill was close to my popular character in the series and, really being told, I've never enjoyed the last two seasons as I did the original pieces for that reason. The ninth season represented the new era for the app. With the departure of its leading actor and failure of Goa'uld and Traders in the Eight Season, many fans saw the series should go up. Regardless, the series continued for more than two years with Ori instead of Goa'uld as a series of 'main enemies. The three new characters were brought in to fill the gaps as they help and help help with this renewal. Ben Browder came as an attempt by the South Army Lt Colonel Cameron Mitchell, a new leader of SG-1. His star "Farscape", Claudia Black, very beautiful, began to participate in the series as a dress, sexy, hilarious and actually came out of Vala Mal Doran, a former Goa'uld host and artist from another planet. The regular star of the guests during the eighth and ninth season, joined the full time at the beginning of his last season. Removing it was a good Bridges of stories like Major General Hank Landry, a new SGC commander and former friend Jack O'Neill and Great Hammond. For the past two years, they were surprised along with the "SG-1" loyal (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping and Christopher Judge) and became an important part and made valuable contributions to the franchise of Stargate. , all good things should come to an end. During the preliminary advertisements of the first seven seasons of the Seventh Season, the survey has dropped significantly, resulting in the cancellation in August 2006. After a ten-year period with 214 periods, the dream was finally up. On March 13, 2007, what started with "Children of Gods" ended with "Unable". Finale's series made its premiere globe on Sky One in the UK and Ireland before being displayed on the Sci-Fi Channel in the United States June 22, 2007. <br /> <br /> In the ten years that the series was on air, around the army of fans and even has played a series of false science, "Star Trek", for the issue of popularity in some country. It was the second series of sci-fi second in the world, second only to "Doctor Nani" (1963-1989), and a long series of American sci-fi series, after passing "X-Files" just a few months before ended. Stargate SG-1 represents the foundation of the "Stargate" franchise. In 2004, its success and popularity led to the production of a series of spin-off series called "Stargate Atlantis", which was sadly canceled after the fifth season and 100 events in August 2008. Although some film films were collapsed, two in one one-to-DVD film, "Stargate: The True Ark" and "Stargate Continuum", was released in 2008 and more planned for the future is not too far. The third series of life, "Stargate Universe", also comes from the first season sometimes next year. (There was, unfortunately, the animated series, "Stargate Infinity", which started only 2002-2003 but less said about being better). Despite the end of "SG-1" and "Atlantis" as a continuous series, the future of "Stargate" looks very bright. In conclusion, when "Stargate" has not yet received the same degree of recognition as the most common franchises of sci-fi television like "Star Trek" and "Doctor Who", it is still new compared to those very well known and I am sure that it will continue for many years, to come.
