"Stargate SG-1" follows the intergalactic search of a team called SG-1 through a device called Stargate and all the surprise waiting for the other side of the bug. After seeing this series regularly for the first first season when you first came out, I did not know how this series was true, 10 years after completing the session. My past feeling was that the series was good, but my feeling was far from the truth. "Stargate SG-1" is more than a simple series of sci-fi, it is one of the most beautiful, interesting, durable, sci-fi's exciting produced. And why? Because it is implemented in an amazing Cluster. This value value is greater than that of the film you rely on and I think it is a very good example that television, like a medium, with a proper base, is able to provide something that does not work during the film block. A sense of skill is made up of a series of long race, watching characters and their surroundings and when it is wonderful and only increases the ability to suspend unbelief, and it is all the result of strict writing and devoted commitment to all employees for the show. "Stargate SG-1" continued to offer great adventures in the last 10 years, but has never been afraid of the challenge of moving the plane and provided the way for different periods of show: <br /> <br / > - The first few moments, perhaps up to 4/5, focused on much more about the observation of the planet and the different circumstances, keeping non-connections to each other if it was not always intended Goaul'd threat. From / from 5 to 7 there were more incidents of anti-Goaul'd and prevent attacks on the world. After this study of the planet's seasons was just about the reason for setting sg-1 in place of Goaul'd / replicator / ori <br /> <br /> - 8th season may be more mixed. It has a series of events that include small issues in the world that the star has not been described yet, but the last moments show short-term voting. <br /> <br /> - The 9 and 10 walk together because they have a new enemy like no Jack O'Neil. They are all a good continuation, although the first few events of the 10th season are slightly weaker, because they seem to be slightly higher than SG-1 and human / Jaffa will lose the war after the war until Ori. Basically, after the 7th season, the inquiry was backed up, which in many ways was shy, because of the possibilities and hidden every planet (part) released; on the other hand, it is for many cases of ongoing conflicts that change the nature of the show has not yet happened and shows how great and confident writers were. Even harder I believe consistently have high quality that lives that for beauty you put it to rest, the feeling I have is that it can continue; The people involved were all experts and the details of the series were a lot of offer. Last season back to the beginning of the original series was very effective and you would be very welcome, but eventually things are like them. At the end, because of the fact that I enjoyed everything, it's a little harder to find that it ends. The big picture, however, derived from the work of hundreds of people over the past 10 years, is to see the beauty and commitment of the commitment to the staff, the best actors and the characters that we will always remember as well as the SG-1 name.
