Many people who dismiss movies that include Audrey Tautou seem to not understand that Amelie was a character - not really the life of Audrey Tautou, therefore, every movie that comes in will not be Amelie part 2, part 3, etc.. Now and that said, I also took this movie just because Audrey was in it. Yes, it is true, there is a great gap after the first area where he is not quite aware of at least 45 min, but I did not miss him even because I was very happy with other characters. The boy who lies about everything is very good, the boy who counts those who come out of the cafe and jump on the bill to get a coupon and that which is equally out of loss, actually .... get into all the characters here to take soon, but this is one of the best movies I have seen on time. The attitude of Audrey Tautou Irene is not a very sober sugar girl who Amelie was. In fact, like Irene, his brutality for bum asked him to change me at first. In this film, Irene is a good-looking girl, but on a day (very traumatic), her behavior becomes worse and less desperate. What makes this film really good? have all these fascinating stories and building stadiums ... very entertaining look, beautiful landscapes and shots, colorful colors and very rare, and all characters can actually act. The best part of the movie comes with 20 minutes left… this is when all the plans will begin to connect with the trip growing and everything is in common with it, and the whole effect of the butterfly will grow flowers. I swear, it was just over 20 minutes of the film I saw for a long time, and last .... It made me think "damn I have found so much for this film". At the end of this film is the above summary. Anyone who has written a script for this is brilliant, because it is not only these small developing ones, but somehow make them all together (and wisely, which is the case here) but also make every character feel human and come alive, not just some The stale persona used as a crutch to create this whole butterfly effect ... very surprising <br /> <br /> I highly suggest this movie is a good film to watch at any time, in any feeling, with any company or alone.
