Story ?? as written, visible or epistical poetry? In general try to avoid also may be characters; readers and viewers, after all, may be easily surprised and try to keep track of who exactly. This is especially true in the film, I think, just because we can't turn back easily to our memory on the movie. Viewers like me, however, have no problem because we see all our movies on DVD or VHS. A year ago I was recognized by Audrey Tautou, a French actress, whom I saw first Aelie Poulain's Damage (2001) and later in the long-term partnership (2004), both of which were very good and hard stories with great characters. This original offering has surpassed others in both ways: more and more controversial characters. Now, other directors have used the same techniques before: Robert Altman and Player (1992), Short Boundaries (1993), Gosford Park (2001) and others; Paul Thomas Anderson did this with Magnolia (1999). Stanley Kramer did this with Mad Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World in 1963, the comedy of almost close epic. Unlike this film, first director enables us to 'see' in the head of some of the characters and second, some events are repeated as a way to postpone viewer view as the story explodes between different time periods. <Br /> <br /> basic? base, say? The story involves a young woman, Irene (Tautou) who is told, and a fellow winner on the train, that she will meet her real love that day. This happens in the first few minutes of the film. The wise sensitivity at this point is that Irene does not know that the opposite boy (Gilbert Robin) can be 'one true love'. And, neither he ... <br /> <br /> They go their different ways without realizing the importance of meeting them closely. However, the outcomes of the chaos are available throughout the day, not just for two young people, but for other characters who appear in a series of vignettes that build up for craftsmanship that seem to be missing anywhere, and yet ... \ t If the story was just that, it could be bad, and even quite predictable. Not so. Script and director climbs our expectations and the abundance of creative events that are very common, but which have been transformed into incredible events that allows two possible partners to meet again. For example, next time a flight from heaven decreases in your book or paper, think of your ways; The two parties make a clear choice that must be kept before Irene and her future destitute again. Or what about a rock that blows into your windscreen? Think again what will happen ... <br /> <br /> All this is enough. What was more interesting I was having a new inquiry who came and tried to decide if this person was one of Irene, or if it was true, the boy in the train. That has made me think for a while. I will enable you to think about that, when you lose your happiness. It is recommended for all.
