When a rich pastor is killed in a plane crash, her twin sister's sister, Martha Craig (Madge Kennedy), does not believe that she has exercised control in a suicidal frame (though selfishness is within the family) but her three beautiful daughters don't care less. The quiz, Jim Norton (John Bromfield), is going to work for Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes) who has recently forced her to help manage the property from her troubled sister, Lorna (Sara Shane) and family lawyer (Jess Barker). Valerie wants Norton to deceive Lorna when she has not lost another sister's development, Nymphet Vicki (Marla English), but her plans are thrown at the tailpin when Norton is lining her prey. All bets have left as a world of woe - including corporate products, fraud, suicide, exploitation, conspiracy to murder, Mann law, two crosses, cancellation, and hitting the right poems "Craig Manor", an interesting house on bluff going to the ocean ... This potboiler would have done the second part of the WRITTEN ON WIND, also since 1956. Douglas Saga Sirk's strong (powerful and powerful) The oil was expressed to encourage DALLAS series of television nights of the 1980s, but the lowest trip to Craig's face in the damage appears to be similar to the sister's soap, DYNASTY. All three brothers (just one of them is very bad) is a great beauty but it's Kathleen Hughes' cartoon villainy which looks out. Valerie is not available in his quest to win the family's fortunes and his unselfish desire for evil is one of the most popular films. Vicki's sister is a piece of work too, remembering Carmen Sternwood in BIG SLEEP. When they first meet, they dare to try to stay on the Norton port while standing up to reach the line "I graduated the summa cum laude from Embrace-capacity U." Wheel! <br /> <br /> SITTERS THREE OF BAD, produced by schlockmeister Howard W. Koch, is a very dirty-lit garbage and has been provided by B-Movie Heaven: Marla "He Creature" English, 50s hunk John "Revenge Creative "Bromfield (once married to French sex of Corinne Calvet), Sarah Star (star of Hedy Lamarr), Universal Jess" Mr. Susan Hayward "Barker, Kathleen" Come From Out "Hughes, and former silent star screen Madge Kennedy give all they have — however or little that is. The future star of Eurotrass Brett Halsey (TRUMPET OF THE Apocalypse) appears briefly as one of Vicki's victims. <br /> <br /> B-Movie rating: 10/10 Marla (with his English body) made amazing movies! SITTER BAD had been seen recently on a big screen as part of the Palm Springs Film Noir film, but it is still scorching outdoor soap ... aw hell, it's black (5/10 on noirometer).
