Here is another movie that should carry on satellites, throwed into space and described in the direction of Galaxy Andromeda to show the far-reaching civilization of humanity. This film is very stupid and trustworthy for it to be slightly more than running away from the old movie KONG KING movie since 1976 that not only manages upstage that the film for matrix abdomen laughing idiotic, but successfully predicted a lot of The 2005 cartoon of 2005 caused by Peter, titled "romance" between the giant (here Yeti) and a beautiful woman (Antonellina Interling the City of Umberto Lenzi, who is very simple on the eyes). The film was made to children so far from some bones on the bones of fish and a wonderful tweak of the underwear to say a charge that you can forget about sex - Yeti even has a big bandit to hide its bag good, the result is more exciting than the anatomical accuracy. But if the business-you get a former wacky scientist, two investigating children, Tony Kendall in a rare switch as a bastard of a dog's deception, an intelligent intelligent dog who gets his own adventure in Europe for a while and undoubtedly appears as a hero at the end of saving Yeti, who turns out to be a good man, the glorious things like the last supporters of the adornment to be seen as a large piece of piece, a monster who is usually a real size scale from shooting to bullets, other improper deaths can cause The killings in GODZILLA VS THE SMOG MONSTER look tame in comparison, answers to bullet-bulk answers included with Spanish, Italian or Canadian based on location (you can sort of tell them where they shot from how much extra to wear), and some The effects used but inept special effects work in the big movie of the monkey <br /> <br /> It is here po film has won me: It's just interested in being ma de. Frank Kramer is similar to Gianfranco Parolini who brought the world to SARTANA in 1968 and GOD'S GUN year before this & was the most important director in Spaghetti Western and the scene of action / adventure film film from the 1960s970 years and during YETI perhaps had happy to get a job. I would like to say that this is his movie adventuresome forever, or suppose that he has used many opportunities and, and might be more comfortable to take advantage of those opportunities with a film aimed at children and family. The film has a kind of alienation regardless of the way that translates technical or variable errors. Or suppose it is a fun place, and if the movie was in the deepest, it doesn't work - IT'S NOTICE FOR PETER JACKSON'S MOVIE SUCKED. He / she forgot the exciting and material and allowing it to command its results by using his army of PowerPower Macintosh's pod people, and for all the errors of the protective, YET's Kramer is close to the spirit of why we watch movies like this, which is part of seeing the actors in piece suits that break the miniature pieces into sound action, not the dirty hours caused by anything except a hard drive. I would like to title above with King KONG VERSUS GODZILLA AND IT! CURSE OF GRELE GOLEM as one of the most beautiful movies that was not quite possible. Because the movie looks so "fake" you can get on the story and just enjoy the crazy things, spelling, thrown up and smashed. Knowing and having a strong passion, with an effort to have the opportunity to make a film, Parolini gave all the obstacles and give a complete adventure of the body that could get a little bad for some small tykes but it's the first movie I will always cooperate with grandchildren one day when their foolish parents leave them with me at the weekend. This is things for years and one of the best words of humanity that will appear in the cellular cell. <br /> <br /> 10/10, it is almost ten minutes too long but he cares about, comes just once and I would go out with a smile on my face.
