I saw this when I first came to the video, my little sister got it as a gift and I was perhaps 12 at the same time ... What happened to me is the lack of in the middle of the film films that many movies have, where the main characters should be mad because when you come to express yourself they will not say the same thing that you scream on the screen that would mean the whole plan, that any intelligent mind would know what they said. That's what I like most about the movie I think, that the main characters don't mean things for every half through ... they don't break and create, they just simply agree more like the movie goes. <br /> <br /> These two kids team up and though they seem to first be from opposite sides of the track, they are not different. Loui is actually a middle-aged child who needed to know how she had a family of love, and Cecelia was a high-class child who just needed to prove her family that she was present and would lose if she had gone. However, I saw this film published in Hulu and had to look at it again ... there is really a holes of conspiracy if you analyze the script and no, Woog and Dweeb should not eat a hot dog because they would have really emerged. br /> <br /> Now, what prevents you from the film is a few unexpected. Young children under the age of 5 years can be scared by events and Dr Screweyes. And, add to half through the movie (though it is obviously in the first place that he will appear) is very sudden ... should have a small picture to make his show early in the movie, perhaps showing that it is not scary without dinosaurs. I think there was no risk now for the first half of the movie, so it doesn't have a little deficit when it appears for the second half. Looking at the target audience, who can really watch it not so the mind blowing animations and dialogue issues ... I think I'll give them an overview of these things too, and just enjoy the story. It's a good flick for a child and makes a stick in your mind ... it makes you kinda think about how you treat people and should be corrected every 10 years I think.
