Wow, a lot of Experimental Experimental Exams here. Wonderful. My name is Steve and I have been running an unfamiliar Films. We started only to give films of Guinea Guinea Guinea to North America. Now before you ask why I write a review? Instead of asking why other people hit it. I am writing these comments because I love Guinea pigs. Why I love em, it's because it goes to the throat and won't let go. I've seen it all. Almost every awesome film known to man, Argento, Fulci, Bava, Buttgereit. from every sense of underground worship to every blockbuster of Hollywood. I have seen all the films that stand on my head for years are definitely films of Guinea pigs. Why because it doesn't try to hide the reason we look at the awesome movie in the first place. This assessment is for Experimental Experiments. I see without a story that is good for me. Why do I watch awesome movies? So I can see blood and spread and the suffering of people. Devils experiments are not just to prepare but all. Unsafe unrest. I love the story but sometimes I just want the annual effort and the enemies are given ten times. Why people beat it. Because they love stories, so that suffering and death of someone can hide behind the story. It makes em feel better on their own. We all want blood and cut. It is very difficult to prove if it is not closed. Guinea pigs have a historical significance for them and have created a sure splash whenever they are given. I am happy to be able to be released from the most popular series of global concerns. Maybe I should not write these reviews but then again it is necessary. My view is proposed because they were opening but again no longer. I've told people always to find them and watch the way before starting an unfamiliar Movies. Certainly it is powerful and high but it is not because we are watching the awesome movie in the first place. David's experiments are not for everyone. It is only for retired enthusiasts and only gorehounds. If you think Jason's movies and Freddy Krueger movies are amazing then stick to those. But if they are on the next level and you have seen all then the Military Experiment is for you. There is a reason why they have not been released for over 17 years. They are wrong, offensive and less freaky right and not something to look with your mother, unless she is quite cool. Fortunately, enjoy it and don't stop living your life.
