I enjoyed this show for two reasons 1. Richard Dean Anderson 2. Amanda Tapping. These two artists took a show with normal support from ordinary and ordinary actors. RDA change in 9-10 seasons was enough to take heart out of the show. <br /> <br /> Chemistry among all the main characters is just too wonderful. You get the feeling that executives like to beat around after the camera stops. This connection comes into the app we see. RDA offers its 'O'Neill' credible character. He never knows when to give the wise a rest. You look at others looking at them with fear for some of his words. Still, they know that he is a person to be around when the situation is dangerous. There is a lot of 'Carter' and 'O'Neill' under the face. They can put a lid, but only often. The 'Solitudes' period in the 1st season had the most spectacular spectacle on television. The love between the two made the prospect of dying because they met together. 'Carter' and 'Jackson' often have to spread over some turbulence created by 'O'Neill'. However, 'O'Neill's' wisdom seems to be good. He understands what to do without thinking about it. The team has several times been placed in danger and others are not listening to its instructions. Excellence declined sharply in the 9th and 10th. Ben Browder was very limited to RDA in making a show. He had a rare time with Claudia Black, but that was all. Amanda Tapping was calling for her two seasons. You can see him very changed after having a baby. He was thinking more about the baby than to show. Stargate Atlantis star is short-lived, but it is a great effort. The main characters do not have a biological cast. Criminals (Wraiths) are not likely to be worried. Perhaps Amanda Tapping can breathe a certain life on the app or not over the fourth season. <br /> <br /> There has been a problem with me in special effects of the show. Having shaped spaceships like a pyramid is a monstrosity design at the same time in Sci-Fi. Use of lighting lights in these ships is just bad. Use decoration from ancient Egypt to hide modern modern technology is hard to accept. I wondered about the continuation of the show too. In the 2nd season season, 'Daniel Jackson' was shot by his uniform with a pit of trouble where he was injured. He jumps into sarcophagus and heals his body and restores his uniform as it came to the rack in the closet. The 'Hathor' period is sarcophagus falling into the hands of SGC, but it is not mentioned again. This device can be used in several periods later on 'Daniel', 'O'Neill', and 'Dr. Frasier '.
