"United States Union Union" <br /> <br /> The House of Games is the beginning of the direction from players' players David Mamet and it's a wonderful time and sometimes psychological momentum. It is a star Lindsay Crouse as a psychiatrist specialist, Margaret Ford, who decides to deal with a gambler who drove one of his patients to consider suicide. To do this comes from the safety and comfort of his normal life and travels 'downtown' to visit the lowest living area, the House of Sports. <br /> <br /> Gambling Mike (playing well with Joe Mantegna) turns out to be huge and few. He gives the habit of the program Crouse, if he intends to stay with him in the game, a great game of money back, will remove the debts of patients. A card game emerges and soon a psychologist and gambling seem to be in the normal line of work (getting the trust of others) and a lucky relationship begins. What makes the House of Interesting and an important perspective for a fan of any film is a constant change of who controls, a mental or a professional man or a great man of great bluffs David Mamet. > <br /> In the house of the direction of the direction is slow and often times flat and inappropriate, however every David Mamet film is a story that is between the whole case, not the direction. In this House of Excellence shines through partly thanks to the best displays from two directions (to show and misleading) but especially as with most of the Mamet's work, it is a talk, which you find and send you to the film. . No one in the House of Games says what they mean and the conversation has been the battlefield and the battle of words. Everyone calls the bluffs and bluffs twice, which remembers the games of ordinary poker. This is a suitable theme in all films and applies to a great effect at the right time to create a large amount of tension. House Games can also be viewed as a movie "class-war". With Lindsay Crouse we have a middle-class doctor, a good health and Joe Mantegna is the complete opposite, the American working class earning a 'crime'. The viewer as the Crouse is deceived by Mantegna and the final result is finally a favorite American movie. And the end of the film is obvious to all to see and look for, it's stunning. The most enjoyable film experience that you have to watch from time to time. 9/10
