David Mamet wrote a screenplay and made his first text with the 'House of Sports,' a study of psychological behavior, where a psychologist is attracted to the dark world of the game of courage. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) has a successful practice and has written the best novel, 'Running.' However, he is not interested in his own life; there is a deficiency that cannot explain or solve, and reduces its weaknesses. When the patient, Billy Hahn (Steven Goldstein), tells him during the session that he has big money for other players, and that they will kill him if he does not pay, he decides to intervene on his behalf. This takes him to the 'house of color,' a small diving seed where he meets Mike (Joe Mantegna), a proud man who never stops before attracting him to his world. Instead of a 'big twenty-five' big bill that Billy claimed he had a debt, Mike shows him his book, and it is eight hundred dollars. And Mike agrees to cancel the clean slate, if he agrees to generate one grace, which involves a card game that continues in the back room. In the middle of a big hand, Mike will leave the room for a few minutes; when she has gone, her job is looking for 'tell' of one of the other players. At this time, not just Margaret, but the audience, too, are walking. The discussion, and the unique style of Mamet and the correct cadence whose executives present their lines, are testing. If Mike leads Margaret through his compulsory location, the surreal of existence, and bringing him into the game's game problems, we have gone with him. From the first memorable encounter, when he shows what 'what is saying' and how it works, with the 'short course' lessons, at an amazing point of this film, Mamet continues to agree with an incomplete emergency. And nothing is visible. At the end, Margaret learns hard lessons about the life and nature of man, and about himself. He changes; and if it is for the best it is open to speculation. Mantegna is very riveting in this film; he gives every possible copper to a complex character that must be able to lead you freely in the shadows, and does not. Crouse also turns into excellent performance here; you feel a serious, powerful force to intervene under such a quiet, self-centered, and when his experience with Mike is caused by this change, it makes you feel as if you have found too much. He believes he has what he is doing, and makes you understand, too. Powerful support that includes Mike Nussbaum (Joey), Lilia Skala (Dr Littauer), J.T. Walsh (Trader), Ricky Jay (George) and William H. Macy (Sergeant Moran). 'House of Games' is the Mamet of quintessential; he is written by leading a number of high-caliber games and films since, and of course we favors us more in the future. But this film will be the one that defines him; and you can go to the dictionary and watch. You will find it under 'Perfection.' This is one great movie that you don't want to miss. I measure this 10/10 rate.
