Here my first David Mamet inspired the film. Suitable, for that was the first, too. <br /> <br /> The story here is inappropriate and goes together like any con film, from a little advice to a great con for con-incassing con. It's like "The Grifters," but without the film's level to do. (In the film, John Cusack was a bland type but it was characteristic of his behavior.) Acting here is very flat (sometimes I wondered if bland makes Crouse was supposed to be some kind of psychological attack). At least at the beginning. Not quite available, but it changes more than a line of non-complicated line after ten minutes. Earlier in the film, some lines of Lindsay Crouse - the way he reads - sounds like a local monologue or explanation, which is not. By the arrival of Mantegna objects it takes. The talk here is not fun if it should be. I anticipated the rhythmic-dancing lines that leave the language, but these don't know. It all looks very read, rather than saying. Maybe Mamet changed after this film and it opened, but if not, then maybe she should let others explain her words. He is very valuable to them here and for that reason, loses their romantic quality, the jazzy. What's more amazing is that more than this, the film does not look or feel like playing. The camera is a very movies. My only problem with "Glengarry Glen Ross" was that it was seen very much like a cinema, but in the film the participants were not only made, but relaxed and free. Everything came out. I did not think too much if it looks like the film characters are talking on film lines - or even playing characters are talking lines - but here it looks like the film characters (or even the book) talking lines. It is an incredible tragedy of movies and films that doesn't work. That doesn't mean the movie is bad - it's not, it's often very entertaining. The best Chunk is in the middle. <br /> <br /> It is a common form of con: a new person (in this case, a girl) Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) is responsible for seed seed. His concern is: he is a psychiatrist and one of his patients, Billy is compulsory gambling. She wants to help her out with her gambling debt, so she goes to the Sports House, a big game room that men work in the back room. I'll accept it is pretty impossible. (Were you just expecting to enter? They were expecting to write checks? Billy was in it? One of these questions is definitely answered by the end, however.) And from here cons is starting to eliminate. I have found that the beginning - those little pupils - have more fun. We get a lesson in con art as well as Crouse is. We see the end comes, and then we did not see the second end comes, and then the real end that I didn't see but maybe you did. The ball continues to refresh and return to the last place in the movie we realize that the second of the Crouse entered into the Games House got its true call. <br /> <br /> I'll forgive you to open up, incomplete bits and read-reading reading because there are so many good things here. If the first part of the movie looks amazing, close it. After the half-hour score gets faster. If you want a fun movie, then here it is. If you want Mamet, walk "Glengarry Glen Ross" again - James Foley did him well. <br /> <br /> ***
