House Games are spell bind. It's very good to regularly see films that are tens. There are a few movies I have seen that can catch you very quickly. From the opening area this film gets you. I'm trying too hard to get too tired for those who have never seen this but there will be few Publishers. READ WORK WHAT YOU WANT TO DO. I could say the House of Games is not just a very good film but it's the most beautiful movie about con artists who have ever seen-bar. From the time the movie is over it begs to be saved. <br /> <br /> Lindsay Crouse as Margaret Ford is just perfect, from his way to the sound of his voice comes into the role immediately. Joe Mantegna was also extraordinary. The discussion in this film has a non-text quality that has not been used by these two people communicating as they do with their voices. I also loved how the film was hit, in the grainy, a kind of surreal type, perfectly suited and helped to make the film. There were small movies that I have seen and liked that this reminds me that it includes The Grifters and The Suspects is normal but actually, the House of Games is quite different in that way. Margaret and Mike are two of the most sensitive characters I have seen on the big screen and not only have a screen camera that is solid and fit from the time they meet them, but construction begins from the time they put each other's eyes on. You know something will happen but you don't know what. And just when you think you've guessed what "something" is, you realize you're not even scratched the face ... <br /> <br /> The color house is one of those movies that can be lumped for some kind of film but essentially is a movie about human nature. Characterization is not just about the artist's ideas but also the victim. As the movie goes on and we know more and more about the main characters, we learn about them not through what they say but how they say. It is a study of good and worthless behavior in a way that comes to that conclusion. In the closing, I would like to mention this of 10 out of 10, calling it (though not my most beautiful, very good on the list), very obvious and would go so far to say that it has a title as one of the subjects The best of the character and has some of the best "twists" I've ever seen. Although I like all kinds of movies and movies, when it comes to the movies of humanitarian psyche, it really does not give more then this. Watch this film.
