I don't know what people are against this film, but it is obviously one of my favorites. Not to preach, not to morals, should not be controversial. Only God. Any God can, regardless of religion. And it's very funny. Jim Carry plays with Bruce Nolan, a television reporter regularly stuck on the lighter side of information, struggling to show himself (more or less of himself) that can be taken seriously and doing a good job at anchor. This drive is slowly dismissing his beautiful girl Grace (Jennifer Aniston) away. When the last leaves are beaten, he slides, but look before God, who also gives Bruce his strength. Bruce then makes his life better, until he has helped others, where he continues to miss his strength. At the same time, his constant excitement over his life makes it more selfish, leaving his relationship on dangerous ground. Well, that was kinda for a long time. But if the plot, it works well. The step-by-step approach that we face the challenges that God is better than to gather his problems together, and can hide well. <br /> <br /> If you probably know from hearing about this movie first, the full acting Carrey stays in character (which, fortunately, is he), and controls and offers the situation to the film area and location. They could accept or not, the responsibility was written or written again to Carrey. Without him, humor will turn flat, if humor is the half-implementation. And humor is very good at first place. But without Carrey, it would kinda feel like It's wonderful life of the wannabe. Jennifer Aniston is good and, regardless of some people might say, it doesn't act as just a factor of the third act. At least, you think that when you see him. He gives the heart performance and forgets you watching the film, he and Carrey feel like a real couple. <br /> <br /> Movie hears ggooooodd (see the movie to understand), has a very good feeling, facing the idea correctly and better than expected and generally should never be called together to save Carrey's work (which didn't go ' anywhere).
