This series has been posted a year after the message to Abydos in Stargate film. It explores many things that movies are not mentioned to mention. As such, Stargate was founded without a human computer? Goa'uld (Ra ra race) where did it come? How many? The first part has retired Jack O'Neill (written by 2 Ls) recalled the work of Chief George Hammond from a Stargate attack from Apophis, a powerful Goa'uld who killed four people and took one woman. We meet Samantha Carter, an experienced scientist who says he would go through Stargate for the first time, and decided to go now. We see that Daniel was married to Abydos, and that there are hundreds of Hango addresses that they can call. Daniel's wife then becomes Apophis and his new wife. It continues in the second period where Head Hammond announces the creation of SGC which comprises nine teams, where Jack's team will be SG-1 which has Jack, Samantha and Daniel. They go chulak, homeworld Goa'uld to save Daniel's wife and another captured in Abydos named Ska'ra. They are taken, and as Apophis commands to kill with many other prisoners, Jaffa called Teal'c, First Apophis's Chief, saves them and goes to the World with them, where he is created part of SG-1. It was just the beginning of the adventure. During the show they have gone past and later, they have been transported in real-time, past, old-age, met with foreign communities that include the Goa'uld rebel group called Tokra, where Samantha's father becomes a member, Asgard, A good little player who we see Thor often (he is a friend of Jack), and avoid international disaster for the skin of their countless teeth. <br /> <br /> The show recently canceled, but lasted ten seasons. In the ninth season, a new enemy named Ori entered into a new power, new danger and brought new secrets around Stargate and its creators, Anime. The ninth and tenth season also saw the introduction of two new characters, Ben Browder as Cameron Mitchell, a new SG-1 leader and Claudia Black as Vala MalDoran, a female man from another world who brings a new sense of fun to the team. The most interesting characters, interesting characters, wonderful special effects and the love of subtle interest between Samantha and Jack, this has all. Different ways of traveling galaxy, with different types of adventures, this is one show you don't want to miss. Open the gate and step. You can't regret it!
