Jim Carrey has joined the same role he played in Mask, a skeptical boy who tries to get ahead in the world but who seems to have been unfortunate. Even when he tries to help a homeless person from being tortured by a group of hoodlums (and of course they should be Mexican, obviously), his good will towards his turn. In such a situation, it was not very difficult to predict that he was almost to have a few of angry hoodlums, but I would like that the movie suggests that such things should not be overlooked. I am reminded of the part of Egypt's Moore Moore's beauty, when they had one person lying on the road and pretending to be dead and seeing who could stop and make sure they were right. The results were not very promising, so it is best to see someone in the movie setting a good example. Jim Carrey has a part of Bruce Nolan, a good boy mentioned over all his life seems to be falling apart. Or even better, it seems to be breaking through the unfortunate pain as an asteroid into the atmosphere (a small example coming when Bruce considers himself a great story later in the film). Bruce is almost 40 years old and all he needs to show is an opportunity as a journalist of a kind that reports information as exciting as a local bakery that seeks to bake a large cookie in the world. He is eager to get a head-to-head job on the television station, but he loses his coolness on the live TV when he hears that work went to his opponent. You should love the way they get during the revelation of this information for a few seconds before its first life report. Of course, it loses anger on TV that lives in one of the funniest events of the entire film. Morgan Freeman provides a good performance as a Person himself, showing a God whose measureless wisdom looks somewhat through the great talent of Freeman as an actor. He is the kind of God who takes his work very seriously, but through the counseling of his followers (with the audience of this film) that there are times when you need to decrease and do manual work in life. I love his verse that some of the happiest people in the world come home blowing to the end at the end of the day. There are many people in the world (perhaps more than our part in America) who are very involved in their money and their possessions and their work and everything that they have completely lost to the natural side of themselves as human beings. <Br /> <br /> One of the great powers is that the movie can give great advice to people in general about improving their lives, and this message is clear and acceptable regardless of the viewer's religion. For example, I tend to reject the organized religion of all kinds and I see God and Satan as an example of different nature and human psychology instead of actual figures who ever lived or survived. But in spite of the fact that I do not believe that God exists as an organization that manages the world or as a wearing of all white colors who beat the floor of his office in his extra time, I was able to understand the message given in this movie. Jim Carrey's movies show these amazing reforms that unite them all together and make retirees look better because you can see how they come. If you compare Bruce's powerful and movies like Ace Ventura (both of which I liked, by the way) or a lot of what he did before he got into the film, it's amazing how he came. She has moved from a fun TV with the fun of comedic films for the true and meaningful comedies like this film and others like The Truman Show, The Moon, and the Majestic (film one of the largest films). Jim Carrey has moved from his old cheesy comedy to be one of the most important comic actors who are doing today. Jennifer Aniston also offers a better supplement to the movie (as it did in Space-splitting Office Space) as Bruce's girl, who is becoming very tired and growing up to Bruce's growing about her life and lack of her to ask him to marry her. There are definitely some comedy under the film that is not well-suited to the significance of the film or quality of delivery, as well as the dog read the newspaper on the toilet and the whole monkey area, but it was certainly very good to see a friend of Ace Ventura's pastor making the appearance come. As Stephen King knows well, it's always good to see ordinary characters. It's almost like seeing the family again. Bruce has been given God's authority for some time so that he can understand a little more life, and he says a lot about him when he uses only power for his own purpose rather than helping all the people who pray for him. What I like about this is that, as I said earlier, religion is not far from my life, but I was able to look at this and learn a lot about me too by thinking about what kind of things I would do if I had been given that authority. Movie enables us to learn in this way with power, which enables more messages. <br /> <br /> Events that include information center are more accessible in the entire film, such as the event when Bruce loses his anger about anchor space, Jimmy Hoffa's place (who was tied well with the original birth certificate and A full set of dental records, a place where Bruce's rival partner has been made to go to the cameras on the camera, and my favorite ones, are at the beginning and end of the cooking of local bakery. The movie has a lot of time for Carrey to give a good joke, such as when he says to God (who shows that he is a guardian, owner, electricity, etc.) that Christmas parties must be real, and be careful about drinking, because on it he can require a home trip! I also loved the end when he says that behind every great man is a woman who is awake. It is also very true, and as Gallagher would add, behind every good man is also a son-in-law. Bruce Force is one of the most memorable comedies that have come for a long time, and maybe it's one religion that I can remember to see that I'm worried to buy on a DVD to add to my personal collection. It is a comedy written and happens with a good taste, but with adequate humor of the head to protect children. This is a meaningful comedy for the whole family, which becomes rarer and rarer these days. In a world that is about to be hit by a movie of the American Pie and Awesome Movie (which is just frightening because of their destructive idiocy), it is good to see that there are still people making comedies suitable to watch. Don't miss this.
