Star: Jim Carrey, Morgan Freeman, Jennifer Anniston I was very worried for the first time I watched this film. I mean, what is NIGHTMARE's concept. Jim Carrey plays God? There is nothing holy again. Well, this film is not very difficult, but it is also not dirty, at least not in a large scale. Yes, Jim Carrey has God's power for a while, but he is not God. Confused? I will give you down. Jim Carrey plays Bruce Nolan, a writer who is under his fortune and a lot of emotions have failed with his life. She lives with her beautiful partner, Grace (Anniston), and you can well describe on the bat that they love, but the relationship is on shaky ground. <br /> <br /> Then Bruce gets shot by anchor, just have to steal hard with Evan Baxter. Of course not please, Bruce shares his ideas with the world through television through which it looks and fit perfectly to evict him. Many are complaining and holding on to God later, Bruce gets a page. After a while he gets tired, so he responds to the Omni Presents (heh) building. There he meets God (Freeman), who is the Lord, the Fridge, and Janitor of the building. I found this very. God is Lord, the Holy Spirit is the refrigerator, and Jesus Christ is Janitor. Think about it. Lord, open. The refrigerator, the husband who keeps everything running. Janitor, a purifying boy who has left the world. Bruceant. However, Bruce has little doubt about having met God, but when God gives Bruce his ability to give him a shot in the play of God, he begins to believe a little. Wonder why. Insert abuse of power for personal benefit and harm the enemies. Since this is Hollywood, Bruce finally knows, learns its lesson, and begins to use its power for the benefit of the world. Finally he cries for God to take it and pray that His will be done, not Bruce. Since it's Jim Carrey, the movies are quite exciting, and there are definitely some very entertaining moments in it. The movie is not a perfect theology, but for Hollywood, it is definitely a good attempt. Many words in the film can have a stimulating and even challenging challenge, and I praise Tom Shadyac for his efforts in this movie. Therefore, when away from the perfect, of course it is a lovely movie of popcorn and a bit of thought behind it. Under / below: 3.5 out of 4 (worth or two)
