This is a good part of the New Twilight Area which includes interesting ideas and clever stories (I will see both depend on a short story). "The Day of Inquiry" is installed in the future, the year is unknown but by the time they have candle cakes that reduce themselves, "telephonic" televisions that are twice as many other recreational machines and are distributed only to those of a certain age. The test, where 12-year-old children should test the IQ test required by the government. The child is this story, Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall) celebrates his only 12th birthday and is a good child, so it is quiet, even a willingness to explore that he has seen the friends pass by easily and knows he will be better than his school. His parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Norment), on the other hand, say they should not use his desire for birth to get a good score, and when their reasons include that they believe he has the ability and should not be anxious, it is obviously worried. I will not give you anything at all, but I will say this - there is a point where we get money for what is coming ass for a test is a very big issue: that evening (or another?) His parents ask Dickie if he would like to watch TV all night. At today's standards, we would like to be pleased he would say he would like to read and not because there is nothing to watch ... but why will his family ask this? The taste of what was triggered by the disappointment later reminded me of a little sky from Harrison Bergenon (which I heard did not receive great efficiency on the screen). I just want they could give an opening and closing details to make this theme as powerful as a Assistant Person was. I thought it was better than a short story. I have never read "Messages from Charities", but you would like it since you were interesting - a 16-year-old boy, Peter (Robert Duncan McNeill) has a problem of clean water, which has always been common in his city of Massachusetts ... but he can see through the eyes of a young Puritan woman suffering from the flu, Charity Payne, (Kerry Noonann) who also feels all around her. Both of them recover, especially since it is common to it in 1985, but that relationship does not leave. The support is wonderful on the sights and sounds he writes in 1985 and everyone enjoys each other's company, especially Peter, who has added a class at a regular school to always feel alone from other students, even in a college where he sits alone. Things take an unexpected turn, however, when Charity reveals some of this experience to a friend who takes her claims that 13 colonies will have a breach from Britain as a blue sign, adding to the fact that she has been saved by flu (not common in 1700). . The two are trying to learn how to preserve it. The latter is sad but you have a last interesting moment that makes it touch. Both parts of this section include a lot of pain but twice, through a lesson / warning that looks like something Rod Sterling would have been covered with entertainment, making a look for pleasure as a memory that friendship, love, and wisdom makes a great job. Probably 3/4 of this doesn't have a topic, but somehow I think it would all be approved by the staff of sterling.
