Based on the title, this first following QUARTET (1948) appears to reduce the number of Somerset Maugham stories with the film. The author still returns to set up intervals, but no epilogue at this time; by the way, when the script of the original attach only credit to R.C. Sheriff, here Maugham himself also gave a hand in the reform, with Noel Langley (though unknown if they contributed one part to each other or another work directly). As far as possible, a large number of QUARTET staff members have been taken in the second phase - although this also adds to three members who are sent, namely Naunton Wayne, Wilfrid Hyde-White and Felix Aylmer (the latter two had a small part in the QUARTET section titled "Woman." Colonel "). While TRIO finally emerges to be a little more successful than its predecessor (slightly unbalanced with a third story that takes more than half of the race time), it is still with great care, acted for confirmation and stellar cast and is very happy in discussion. "Author" says the sexton church (James Hayter) - which the head of the story is another word - who was expelled after 17 years of service by the new parish priest (Michael Hordern)) because he cannot read. Instead of resting on her hours, despite her age, she not only takes a wife (the owner of her home, played with Kathleen Harrison) but opens a shop of a strategic tobacconist to be placed on a long road where no service is offered - and, together and business flourishing, this is continuously being a whole chain. The last area, then, sees him visiting bank manager Felix Aylmer, who is not just surprised to learn from the lack of Hayter education, but it causes him to ask what his other interests - which the rich (and respected) response of the tobacconist, as well as some point of that bad, that he had a call to be a spectator! The second part, "Mr. Know-All", is the shortest but also the most involved: a maritime trip faces an inevitable presence of a glorious young man (Nigel Patrick), despite his foreign name to Kelada, who says that authority over every subject under the sun. Naunton Wayne and Wilfrid Hyde-White are two passengers who should hold him over - the last because he shares the cabin with that man and the old with a view of Patrick's emphasis on his beautiful wife (Anne Crawford). During the fancy dressing party, however, passengers decide to carry out 'retaliation' Kelada because one of them imitates him (which usually does not accept)! yet, here he comes out to show a good side for his character - told Crawford that the wearing necklace is dramatizing, Wayne challenged Patrick for his name ... but the latter knows at once that it's really an article and that this would stop the position of Crawford if he had to tell , so Kelada allows to be canceled publicly instead of deleting the fact that a woman can accept the secret! If it can also be found from the head, "Sanatorium" deals with many patients there - run with Andre 'Morell; The protagonist is a new intern, Roland Culver, who carefully considers different stages. The story, in fact, describes exactly three different pieces of conspiracy - one of the humorous ('feud' between two-year-old Scots living in sanatorium, played by Finlay Currie and John Laurie), one of the melodramatic (an improper relationship between of a broken patient Raymond Huntley and perseverance but the wife of Betty Ann Davies and one of the most beautiful (romance between naïve but charming Jean Simmons and dashing cad Michael Rennie which, despite having pretty pretty everything against her including The fact that Morell has found Simmons as 'lifer' when Rennie has only a few years, has led a couple on the altar).
