Produced after QUARTET was, TRIO continued the quality of the original films of the Maugham short story. Here three stories are MALARIKI, MR. KNOW-IT-ALL, and SANITORIUM. The first two is the comic (THE VERGER is like a long joke, but one for good payment), and the last worse (if health issues are involved). Again the author begins the film and story. James Hayter, soon to have signed it as Samuel Pickwick, is a hero in VERGER. He holds a small work of legal form in the church, but the new Vicar (Michael Hordern) is a snob of mind. When he hears Hayter he doesn't have a fire education. Hayter has saved money, so he tells his wife (Kathleen Harrison) she fancies to buy a small news and tobacco shop. He has a good eye, and his shop is happy. Recently has a whole chain of stores. When his grandson is bound by Hordern, he is shocked to see his former Verger wealth. The benefit is when the bank manager Felix Aylmer meets with Hayter about combining his investment. I will leave you hear coda without fun but interesting meeting. According to Maugham he met someone like Max Kelada (Nigel Patrick) on the traveler. In MR. KNOW-IT-ALL Kelada is a kind of splashy, friendly, and a little spread from the Middle East who is a business trip (related to jewelry) for operation. Her high-quality partner is Mr. Gray (who had a calm and accurate Wilfred Hyde-White) who is somewhat, uncomfortable Max. Max likes to have the best things, and recently very susceptible to the entertainment of the ship. The story now resembles a part of the plot of non-Maugham's story and films of CHINA SEAS (1935), as Max makes a bet that can say a real piece of jewelry from fake (after insisting that a piece of jewelry saw it is real). I can't explain how Max raises the event. It is the longest part of the world. Roland Culver plays "Ashenden" (alter-ego false Maugham - author and once spy as at AGCHOck AGENT AGENT). Here he should use the scanner for a few months for his health. He gets an amazing staff of people, including Jean Simmons as a small but beautiful woman, Finlay Currie as Irascible player, John Laurie as a second Irascible player who is a "war" with Currie, Raymond Huntley as a quiet patient who only shows his inner anger in his situation when his wife shows, and Michael Rennie as a young man with a life threat. Culver looks like three stories among these characters focus on their decisions. Finally, dealing with Simmons and Rennie, it's amazing but it is moving in detail. <br /> <br /> It was to follow the dandy to the original QUARTET, and with the value of check.
