I saw the trailer for this on the Afro Promo, a collection of cinema trailers for Africa-American movies. It seemed like what; The very comedy "wacky" comedy in which the black man uptight knows his son is gay. It seems that Redd Foxx's wife (RF) has left her to her brother, who works with him in the "shop" back in Phoenix. He has taken a visit to his son Norman is Los Angeles. <br /> When RF comes, Norman, wearing anything but blue blue shorts, comes out of his bed of water to answer the door. Trying to buy time by making his elderly father take action on what appears to be the 60th floor, Norman is trying to raise his partner, who refuses to refuse. It was just until I wrote "WHY will not wake up?" when suddenly he does, and my friend's jaws have dropped for the first time as we are shown to see for the first time Garson's blue, gray-haired, ordinary Norman lover, who “had a faaaaabulous dream? "Garson is the queen of a kind of fire that can only imagine as emerging from 1976 LA She has clothes and purse with great clunky jewelry, and seems to be modeled all looking for her with a persona on Carol Brady from Brady Bunch. </> <br /> Norman commands his girlfriend to find somewhere else to stay during his father's visit. Garson goes to stay with Waylon Flowers, and Madam responds to the phone when Norman calls. So RF tries to reach his wife in Mexico. While on the phone, Garson comes to carry his dress and RF fights with him. With the breakdown of the soul of the 70th meaning of it to raise his revelation (but much more if we are about to hear a very special traffic for pain), he knows his son is gay. The first impulse is "I will kill him, I will kill him." Then the RF may go for a long walk, where he or she surrounds all the ideas that a confused parent may have, as "maybe we have taught him lately." All his thoughts were caused by something he saw on his walk, for example, a truck driver who was looking at what makes a real person. Surprisingly, she goes to a bookstore and buys another eight books on homosexuality. This, it must be rated, is about eight books on homosexuality than MY parents were bought. Then it goes straight to the garden bench and reads them all! RF then employs Audrey, the Amazon's foot (in this amazing fur case) played by Tamara Dobson of Cleopatra Jones. She hired Norman to try sex, but this Norman pisses and she blows out going to stay with her friend Melody. <br /> <br /> Then Garson comes with offers to take RF out at night. He adds to the loss of RF's wife, and tells the story of his own mother, who holds the opposite discrimination against Pilippinos because "was attacked in luau." They attend the long-term performance of Wayon and Madam, who is faced with Madam violently playing his head against the piano until his hair goes out. Sometimes, mouths were agape. So it seems that, without knowing it, RF and Garson have a very good evening! You see, the staid, the old men of black color should see the crappy, very powerful mega-queens entertainment in order to come closer to the whole world of homosexuals you have to offer! In fact it's easy! This still does not prevent RF from calling "Rape!" when Garson raises from a bad dream. It is slightly more predictable than you think. <br /> <br /> There was a lot that was far away. What is the relationship of Norman and Garson's relationship? They don't seem to have any relationship, and Norman has no reputation on running Garson out, and even when he comes to talk himself, he never knows Garson or he talks about their relationship. There was some kind of touch for beauty like RF going to buy all the books on homosexuality - ?? and sit down on the park bench to read! I love the idea that a parent can try to find something on homosexuality, rather than run to drink or add to his friends. Over and over again, it is a kind of what looks like: a small piece of the past, when some gay people thought that if people who supported themselves just sat and watched the marionette performance, we could learn to love and understand each other! And because of the entire neiveté of this phenomenon, the extreme exhibition and message-loads come out as short-term personalities, and give a lot of grist to talk about how things have changed for homosexuals over the past 30 years. I think the only thing that seems to be wrong is the idea that the girlfriends are very fond of them, and are willing to invite them to have sex with them, and to change their spaces. ------ Hey, check out Cinema de Merde, my site on bad and fun movies (with nice nice movies provided). You can find the URL in my email address above.
