I found it difficult to love anyone in this film. Central actors, Lindy and Michael Chamberlain, whose daughter disappears at night outside Australia, are not bad people, but certainly not all, or even many, of the people we see in this film will be bad if we knew it well. But although we are sure whether the film wants us to be guilty or convicted of Chamberlains since the beginning of their lives, the film takes a more or less social view of rumors, media news, groups, groups and ideas. It's not a film about the devastated Australian community; it's just a true story story that happened there. The en masse community is much less happened than someone who feels that we are. When the army administrator insists to kill all dad's dogs because of the undisputed action of one wild dog, while the random destruction of life continues even further due to control over many newspapers, magazines and programs The television distorts the really horrible to the level of the game that makes its users a frenzy, no sign of understanding or even any kind of looking out of the person Himself does not know the thoughts, caused by left and right to hear with power and vibes of those around their lives. The reason I enjoy the film is because it turns out inwardly, from victims to civilians. The evidence against Lindy Chamberlain aside, the suspicion had been used mainly by its power. For the public eye, he was not found to be sufficiently suffocated by the death of his daughter. Why was he able to keep his cool, even the kind of foolishness would not allow him to focus on his head, for TV and media? What? A huge amount of lower increases could be prevented if it was made more by public interest in the media? Meryl Streep, one of them, if not, the main actor who works today, can not give a performance that actually comes out, and actually without another actor, or a film-making department. But he, with the screens of the screens, understand Lindy. What is offensive is that it is not difficult. It seems, she was not usually prone to the public for any situation. If he can be as easy as a pleasant habit quickly, we are usually dealing with his situation. If his performance is not as good as Sophie has chosen, the devil is wearing Prada, Angels in America or another similar work, it is a victory. It is difficult to enter viewers when you intend to restrict your understanding of yourself. He is angry with us because we do not know what he is thinking or feeling. I took a few moments to feel a desire to see him, but this is the way to propose a public opinion. She is married to a pastor, and they all practice a minority religion and therefore do not understand more and more. Initially, it is touched by their loss as to conform to the will of God, refusing to start the rumor that produces the idea that their daughter's death is a form of worship on their part. Whatever happened to the little girl, her parents were part of the amount that most of the media did not immediately recognize, so the first intention was to follow them as a hunger pack ... well ... <br /> <br /> Meryl Streep and Sam Neill always has screens, but Australian public leads here. As a punctuation for every early plot, director Fred Schepisi takes away from the restaurant to the traditional tennis for dinner for the saloon to the office, where the public tries to Lindy and gets taken into their desire estimates. This Golan -Globus docudrama is not particularly memorable. The environment does not receive adequate compensation for the fact that no performance or piece of production stands out. But it is very successful as charges of collective public awareness.
