The decision of the Bagdad Thief is quite a story for itself, almost as strange as the story told in this film. Alexander Korda went almost to break this film. <br /> <br /> According to the series of Citadel Film Book about Great Britain's Film, British UK's British Alexander Korda member had conceived this film earlier in 1933 and spent years planning and preparation. But World War II unfortunately got Korda and the cost of photography of a great festival. Budget costs are also available in American films as well, only Cecil B. DeMille had a free hand in the past after 1932 when he returned there. But DeMille and no one of his American states was worried about the enemy bombs while playing the film. Part of the way through the bullet, Korda brought the whole American company and hit the protest with Rex Ingram as a genie at our Grand Canyon. Certainly not going to get such a situation in the UK. Korda also finished the interior in Hollywood, all the time of the release of Christmas Day 1940. The event of the Thief of Bagdad's selection of Academy awards and three Oscars for the best color picture, better. art & set the direction of color film, with special special effects. Only the original music of Miklos Rosza did not take home awards in the selected community. Korda should be happy about deciding to shoot at the Grand Canyon because it is impossible to get a bad picture of colors from there. <br /> <br /> Special effects however do not exceed the simple story of winning over evil. Good is two young lovers John Justin and June Duprez and evil are Conrad Veidt as a witch who tries to steal all the kingdom and heart, both of Duprez. This was the responsibility of the work of Veidt to Casablanca where he played the great Stroesser of Luftwaffe. <br /> <br /> A good course gets a little help from a source of possibilities. A boy and a sabu who can be one of the few people who can call themselves during the international film star. In fact coming from poverty working as a quiet young elephant for the Maharajah of Mysore was seen by Alexander Korda who needed natural leadership for one of its jungle elements. Sabu takes the guilt and corruption of the youth when he fulfills the fantasy of the Arabian Nights of the boy who conquers the fighter. It is not a bad message sent in 1940 at that time. Bagdad's thief stands well today. It is an eternal story of love, romance, and adventure for any order you want to put it.
