I saw this film several times, and I watched it today (on TCM) just because of Geraldine Fitzgerald. He is a very good actor and I need to admit that I've got his crush since I first saw (maybe in "Wuthering Heights" 40 or more years ago). The real star in this movie, however, is Paul Lukas, and he deserved all the accolades he had. He makes it clear, whether we like it or not, that the end proves the way. The Nazizi had to be stopped, and anything that helped to do it was good. He gave his children a line about being bad, and that they should not be bad, but as he said earlier when he spoke to adults, he would do this again without hesitation. Lukas gave the best example of a man found in this situation, and made it clear that he did something very hard to do. Some people think that his main character was Nazi, but I 'I think so - I think he was just after money. His Nazi colleagues knew this and that was why they did not have much use for him. One interesting way in the film, and maybe also in play, is the fact that Muller (Lucas) is German. While the WWI anti-retreat army in WWII, there was a strong sense of anti-German and some Germans interacted with what happened in California and the Japanese people. It was an act of courage for Hellman to write about the good Germans at this time (perhaps he thought they signed the Nazi and Soviet contract). After all, the US and British forces bombed German cities and did not have a reputation for killing innocent civilians. I think, however, that the Dresden bombs and fire was held later, after "Look at the Rhine" released. Title is something to play with words, as "look" looks west, from Germany. In fact, Watch Am Rhein was an attack on the German army - he was used in WWII, but the Nazi Minister had their accompanying track. But Muller is a German and is involved in "Wach am Rhein" himself. All other executives did a good job here; although Bodo was too much to have children like him. I am wondering that he did not give the secret of his father away. In real life, he can do very well.
