The story of the "Thief of Bagdad" is difficult, because it was told in stimulating and having three different pieces of equity and merged together. Lajo Biros's publisher and talks with Miles Malleson put the story of motivating with skill in all points. King Ahmad of Bagdad is very angry with Jaffar's defense by placing someone with different ideas. He knows when he hides that people blame him for Jaffar's actions and hate him. He is bound by Jaffar, where he meets Abu little thief. They avoid two and take the boat to the city of Basra. There they are watching when people open the way no one will see the Princess of the city passing by. Ahmad loves him and visits his garden. She tells him she has come to him from over time and win a kiss. Then he captured. When Jaffar comes to defeat Princess Basra himself, Ahmad will attack the evil vizier who blows the blind and allows Abu to become a dog. Jaffar then asks for the hand of the Princess, and gives the gift of a horse-flying horse to the Sultan of Basra. The blind deacon then tells his story at the market, accompanied by Abu as his dog. Prince has fallen into sleep and nothing can raise him. So Jaffari sends his servant Halima to Ahmad and the dog, with great hope that he can raise him. He raises him. He sails to get a doctor to heal Ahmad, but he has been taken by Jaffar who strikes a dog. He then allows Jaffar to take him into his hands, by his promise to restore the eyes of Ahmad and return to Abu in the thief. The child sees the vision of Ahmad; he is in the boat; Jaffar sends a storm to take him and Abu is a broken ship on an abandoned island. Abu finds a genie or djinn who wants to kill him now that he is free after many centuries spent in a bottle. Abu separating him by confirming that he came from a very small vessel, and then taking it again. By freeing, he gets three requirements. Its first is for sausages. At the same time, Princess pleads with her father to reject Jaffari; but Jaffar shows Sultan a new toy, one of his six arms that kill him. Abu makes a second intention, to get Ahmad. Genie's maneuver takes him to the god of any eye. Abu must continue a great network to achieve a gem which is an eye, to fight with a huge spider, then add a god image. Abu looks into the 'eye' and sees Ahmad in the gorge. The genie takes Ahmad. Ahmad uses the eye to see the king. He feels the flower and forget everything once. Abu's needs were Baghdad, but the genie laughs with the leaves; Jaffar tells Princess that he loved her, citing Ahmad. Ahmad tries to fight his way to Princess, but Jaffar blows the 'eye'. Abu finds himself in the "Land of Legend", where the elders who surrender need to make him king. He blows the bow and the carpet of magic and runs instead, quickly saving Ahmad and the princess. The thief comes at a time to save the young king from the employee, using his bow from the carpet to fly, with the wonder of the crowd who came to watch the watch. Jaffar tries to run on the horse to fly, but another shot from the bow ends. Ahmad is the ruler again and plans to marry his Princess; but when he tries to make his Abu, the little thief refuses, saying that what he wants is an adventure, not a hard work and locked in that house though it may be great. This wonderful story was produced by a good producer and producer Alexander Korda. Production was created by Vincent Korda who was also the director of art, while Georges Perinal made a film of color. Directors are known as Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell, and Tim Whelan, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda share. Strange and multicultural designs were the work of John Armstrong, Oliver Messel and Marcel Vertes. Production, apart from its attractive beauty and costly beauty, I claim to be guided by two other aspects, the choral of Miklos Rozsa and the performance of Conrad Veidt as the bad Jaffar. Rex Ingram plays a genie for a curious concept, with his common sense and strength. June Duprez is good and effective as Princess Mary Morris is sad and beautiful, and Miles Malleson is a sultan and trembling Sultan. As Ahmad, John Justin seems to do a lot of what is happening with the part of a little boy in love and then some; he is well remembered in his role of winning. This film has a width on which it is available, please, in Korda other also working. Its thinking content varies with real sets of sets, clothing and components. This is one of the most fantasies of memorable ideas of all time, deserves to enjoy regularly.
