-The movie tells the story of a great man whose life is strange, but after the evil witch tells him to go to the city to hide as a witch beggar then has opened the prince and soon become the ruler of the shadow of Baghdad. The prison chief meets a thief named Abu who helps him escape from jail and head to a city called Basra where he meets a king who falls in deceit, but he does not know the evil witch Jafa also loves the king and tries to persuade his father to let him marry. Soon he learns that the prince is trying to win the heart of the girls so he makes him blind and allows Abu to become a dog. This leads to the chief and Abu to leave the adventure to find a way to defeat Jafa, to restore peace to Baghdad and marry the king. during their journey they meet everything from the Sarcastic Genia which takes Abu in flight through the clouds, the giant spider that is hungry, and the flying horse that may bear one of the most beautiful sequences of these old eyes. <br /> <br /> -This is a fantasy movie from beginning to end has a flying horse, geni, flying carpets, and witches who can actually do magic instead of just hit people and their staff. It doesn't have a good time and a love story is not wasting time. Production structures are only stunning in this film. From castles to different dangerous traps that the heroes meet. Although this film is more than 40 years, the design of production is much better than many trophies that are available on today's film. Music and songs are also well done. Anyone who sees it will certainly tremble, "I want to be a marine sailor" as one of the most time of music on the movie. I am not usually a great fan of singing on the movie since I find them enjoyable like making my taxes but I will be more happy to make discrimination for this film. What sells movies for me is the real reality that you see things that you see in everyday life that is also why I like things like "two Towers" and "Silent Hill". The pre-modern movie of the modern fantasy came along with their true CGI in order to hit our imagination there was this film that struck your mind without having a green screen scattered everywhere. One of my most famous shots in the "Two Towers" is one where we see trolls opening Black Gates, the main refusal of that shot for me was to see these fantasy creatures doing the basic work, and that's love on Genie and other creatures in the movie. They're just trying to make life like everyone else who gives them a real feel even if they are all just wonderful creatures. It is not possible to watch this film and not know where the "Aladdin" creates their inspiration. The characters from this film are pretty much the same characters in the same film from Genie's talking to the bottom of the flying hat. It is not a bad thing in my eyes because it is good to know that I am not the only one on the planet that has the love of this amazing film. I first noticed this as a mother in the mother of the mother and I think it was the biggest thing in the world and after watching it last week I think it's amazing. That is a true covenant that a great movie can withstand the test of time. Indeed, the effects look short and cheesy but are backed up in 40 years to give you a break. Not everything that does not seem to be too late even though so many things can own today while examining under today's level. <br /> - If you ever wanted to see the "Aladdin" live version then you should get your wish with this but an angry angry group perhaps doing well to avoid this as this will not be a cup of tea.
