Very good films, one of the few that I saw during the youth who brought me in and still do, in the case of a thief of feelings of feelings seems to be better for passing time. For my 90-year-old daughter and I have seen it often on television but we went to a photo when you came to a local movie? when you finished we left the star stars and the heads full of poems and music of Miklos Rozsa wishing would last for many hours and imagine a beautiful world again. Prince Bora wants to lock him among his people for some time to explore things, but evil Vizier Jaffar gets a chance to bind and seize the throne. After running with a little thief played with Sabu, Ahmad declares Princess and they fall in love? along the way they have many adventures (though it seems not enough for Sabu!) and Love is not just winning but destroying everything. Specific effects should have been in 1940, but Time has taken its nature and reduced its effects mainly due to digital photographs that even took the stage of survival? but still standing well compared to the film as Superman from 40 years later. However, if I have asked to stop unbelief in the leaders of the guffaling, the horses departing and the carpets I also stop emphasizing in the full special effect! Bits favorite: the dream location in the garden of sunlit when Ahmad reveals himself with the song of Adelaide Hall's romantic; A wonderful color in the tent in the Country of Legend? In fact, the most amazing color; Sabu and Rozsa win but still wistful finale. Conrad Veidt played baddie in two of the most amazing romance movie ever, this with Casablanca, and then died. John Justin and June Duprez were the best in the lead roles of lovers, both by relaxing to relax, but partly did not call for many different emotions: pure love just right. A few pictures of mildness in it, but make sure that this is a glorious experience of feeling a positive message of 100%, it's just a pity that today young children don't look at this rather than porn prefer. One of my top 10 favorite movies, I can't recommend this very? can be displayed at the end of Time.
