Mario Lanza, of course, is "Caruso Great" in this 1951 film also with star Ann Blyth, Dorothy Kirsten, Eduard Franz and Ludwig Donath. This is a fictionalized biography of a famous, world-famous man whose name is well known today. The film has been produced gently, and music is the glory and beauty it plays with Lanza, Kirsten, Judmila Novotna, Blanche Thebom, and other opera stars that appeared in the film. If you are a purist, see people on an exciting stage during Sextet from "Lucia" will find you as odd - even if Caruso's wife Dorothy had only a girl. It is also very difficult for Caruso to sing Edgardo to Lucia; The responsibility was too high for him. <br /> <br /> In taking a big license, the script leaves a very large part of Caruso's life. What was so remarkable about him was that he created roles in the times that are today in the usual repertoire, but this is never mentioned in the film. These roles include Maurizio in Adriana Lecouvreur and Dick Johnson in the "Golden West Girl," There is a popular picture of him asking and paper wrapped around him as a solo. Because of the picture? His only shirt was in cleaning. He was one of the founders of music memory and had long-term cooperation with Victor Talking Machine (future RCA Victor). He was singing to Jose in Carmen in San Francisco on the eve of an earthquake. Instead, MGM's story has slowed down during Martha's work, which has never happened. He had blood at "L'Elisir d'amore" in Met and could not finish the performance; he sang only three times at Met, his last role as Eleazar in La Juive. What killed him? One thing that killed Valentino - peritonitis. His first role on Met was not Radames in Aida, as shown in the film, but Duk in Rigoletto. So when you say the screen "recommended by Dorothy Caruso's description of her husband," it was - she suggested. What really is that Dorothy's father has rejected her after his marriage, and holding him $ 1 of his great estate. They had a Gloria daughter together (who died at the age of 79/7/2007). However, Caruso had four other children and grandmother before he married Dorothy. Some people say Lanza's voice is as wonderful as Caruso, but just listen to Caruso singing in the film "Match Match" - Caruso Sounds are very different from Lanza. In fact, from his voice, he wanted, Caruso could sing as a baritone. He thinks he has had trouble with the above details, more evidence of leanings of baritone; and the role he was preparing when he died was Othello, a very serious role, which Lanza certainly was not. Lanza's voice was supposed to be compared to another. He made a special contribution to the history of the film, interesting music operation. He sings music in "Caruso Great" for solid energy; he is really here at the peak of what will be a short work. His work is normal and true. Ann Blyth is as good as Dorothy and plays a little singing. <br /> <br /> True film for opera lovers and Lanza fans, which may be one and the same.
