Since the music was lost in fashion and it is very expensive to do without all the talent needed to make someone under the contract for the label, I am sure we'll get a real story of the life of Enrico Caruso. But if anything else was there he had no accident that no Hollywood studio tried to work until Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer had Mario Lanza under the contract. No one else could do that, I doubt whether it will be tested again. <br /> <br /> And why it is necessary. I think Enrico Caruso himself would be satisfied about how his music was shown on the screen. With his voice it was his life, his reason to be on earth. Saying that independence was taken by her life is normal. Caruso, as the nominee, was a man of great interest though he had a lot of discipline. She had many relationships with several women and gave birth to two married couples who are not in this film. His / her contribution to the recording sector is treated as closely after. She is shown on the recording studio at the end of her life. In fact began recording right next to the match of the last century and with Irish student John McCormack for RCA Victor made the recording industry what it was. <br /> When Caruso and McCormack were on their inheritance ticket to see any of them living. But many Italian and Irish immigrants had a biography and a record of three of these men. Why both of them came to the story that they are. It is a film that has some of the practical skills carried out by Mario Lanza, the taste of what he could have had Caruso's discipline with a stick for opera. Caruso Head won Oscar for recording sounds and received selection for clothing and design design. Mario himself helped to expand the film with RCA Red Seal album songs from The Great Caruso. Unfortunately due to contractual obligations we were unable to find a real album by Ann Blyth, Dorothy Kirsten, and Jarmila Novotna as well. Even though Blyth sang on the film, Lanza had a great recording of The Nightliest Night of the Year and it also impresses Caruso Great. If you are looking for Enrico Caruso's life, this is not the case. If you are looking for a great artist to sing the length of his work, rather than lose the Great Caruso.
