I bought a pre-Sunset DVD and saw it for the first time last week. After seeing it twice, I could not be helped before Sunrise, not because the follower was not a great, but I felt that these two films were completed if no other rows ever existed, whenever I have finished looking at one of them, I feel the need and desire to see the other. So, I've spent a week looking at them twice, I'll be ashamed to say how often. The most amazing thing about Sunrise is how you feel the development of the feelings of their characters to each other. It seems easy, growing chemistry, I think some romantic movies might think they are succeeding to monitor progress, but to me - who does not believe Nora Ephron - Before Sunrise is the first film to give the audience a real chance to hear it. When I saw it for the first time, about 8 years ago when I was 20 years old, I liked it. But, I didn't have a "good movie", yet it seemed to me like other people thinking 'feel good movie, Linklater was so smart to make it more realistic, it was too 10 minutes too, the characters too well, I thought I liked it because it was like a dream and because I enjoyed their conversation, etc. etc. But now, thanks to Sunset before, I feel that it is more than before Sunday than I heard before. I saw things more clearly: Jesse, Celine, Vienna, their conversation, everything. How each of them separates the feature alone, and they have a chance to combine, the story is just a temporary frame, I don't feel feel. And the freedom that each region has, and their refusal to respond to the effectiveness, how the blind I have been that these qualities did not inspire me as I saw it first! Now, 8 years have passed, many movies I have seen, more when I realize that many movies are just a collection of events that are sent only for its end, even movies like Pulp Fiction Slackers or Linklaters together. Jesse and Celine The story avoids that, perhaps Before Sunset is a good example in this case, but Before Sunrise is also one of the few films that its end is only the result of time, not the destination, each single area has its own life. I don't know if Linklater or anyone else had a mental issue when they made it before Sunrise, but for me, one of the most amazing things about these sequels is how these two films match. Before Sunrise which I think employs more than static angels and white color schemes, it seems to try to capture small atoms of evil around Jesse and Celine, the world is always full of hope if the characters do not feel. At the same time, I go into a vision of weight as Jesse insisted on talking to journalists in Pre-Sunset, and the first Celine smile from the back of the shelf is the most cheerful smile I saw at the beginning of the film, and many bullets that chanted after there took me to a place where I do not know for sorrow in me, no matter how beautiful Paris, and no matter how happy that they meet again. Sorry I am going for a long time with my little English, before Sunrise is already a fantastic film without me to expand my scattered ideas, and it becomes better for the same sequel the same.
