When I saw this film on the playground when it happened in 1995 through free free surveillance, I was completely surprised and would have a happy reward to see it. I was sorry when I talked to many people after that who had seen and who were completely discouraged and how it ended. I, on the other hand, felt quite the opposite. I was quite satisfied with the results and everything else. The people I spoke said there was much talk! Plus they were unhappy because they felt that the end leaves you wondering about the fate of the two characters. I found that this observation would be extraordinary and also be a pain of how many USs to go to the public movies seems to have a tendency to find a simple story to follow in the film and not so much harder and mindless conversations could not get confused. It also likes to be the end of a fun or sad appetite. This breaks me. No one wants to be challenged again? And for the last (and I don't want to be a spoiler), I am quite content because I know in my heart that these two characters will see it again. It's all about your own faith in romance and fate. It's a very private film that doesn't talk to all people. But he certainly spoke to me. Be able! Be patient with that! Richard Linklater has created a very interesting film with a good story planned against the beautiful city of Vienna. Examining makes you feel like you are walking through city streets with characters. If you yourself were passing through Europe on the Eurail pass. It's very close. More, Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy are doing the best to bring the hard script to life. They have to be improved during a certain part and it works well. They have a great chemistry in their roles. Their awkwardness as visitors learning from the beginning is very reliable and can really feel romance and bonding developing among them as the movie continues. I feel that this was a personal job for Mr. Linklater and I had a great respect for this film. It definitely touches me and I hope it touches others as well. Bravo for romance !!!
