Many errors on this thread appears to take a comparison of this film with "Storm Mortal" or "Casablanca". Everyone has the right to compare the films they choose, but the similarity to the "Storm Mortal" and "Watch On The Rhine" is obviously the refugee problems are threatened by the Nazi juggernaut, when the main comparative action given by "Casablanca" is seemingly to have the abuse of Humphrey Bogart in 1943 with the Academy of Arts and Science Arts, because they chose Paul Lukas instead of the best Oscar. It does not like me as completely wrong. Lukas had a good job in the film (both here and the UK - he is a villain in the "Lady Vanishes"), and this performance was his best one. Bogart had more dramatic displays than he Rick Blaine (for example, was ignored by Sam Spade in the "Falcon of Malta" by Roy Earle in "High Sierra" two years ago, all of whom were the first level performances, and did not want to get Oscar for of his great exhibition as Fred C. Dobbs in the "Treasure of Sierra Madres", the author / murder suspect in "In the only place", and Captain Philip Francis Queeg in "Caine Mutiny" later - found it by Charley in "Queen of Africa") . I think Bogie must have it in place of Dobbs, but it didn't happen. But Lukas was lucky - he got on the performance of his small work. Few can claim that. <br /> <br /> For me to watch the look and "Look On Rhin" depends on playing / another script with Hellman, "Wind Searching". They both look at the spirit of America's isolation in the 1920s and 1930s. "The Search Wind" looks at the all-time war, when "Looking On Rhin", just laid out in the Second World War, takes time a few weeks. It is therefore better to be built as a play, and more meaning for its results. The film has a lot of good performances, led by Lukas as a fighter but a fighter but decisive anti-Nazi, Davis as his faithful wife (clever her behavior down as possible as a result of Lukas to be in the middle play activities), Coulouris as Teck, selfish, but ultimately Teck fool and improper, Lucille Watson as the mother of Davis and Geraldine Fitzgerald (like Coulouris' wise and sad and fed wife), and Kurt Katch, who offers critique bad ( as the head of the Gestapo delegation members about Coulouris and others who could deal with the Nazis. It has dialogue and right in it. And what it says is absolutely true. It also has time for poetry around. Witness area, toward the end, when Coulouris is left alone with Lukas and Davis, and says, "The New World has come from the old area". Hellman can write well on a regular basis. <br /> <br /> Due to the power of the script of the film and exhibition I would like to copy this film very much between the World War II movies.
