Lillian Hellman, one of the most famous American women playing games, was a woman with a message. His left-hand view was not found right then in the country. In his memo, he explains his journey at the time, the Soviet Union, since he was impressed by the achievements made by the system. "Look at the Rhine" should come as a result of those years. The left wing in the United States, as in all the world had a growing issue of fascism, not only Europe, but also Japan. "Look at the Rhine" was a planned play on Broadway four months before the attack on Pearl Harbor and Japan. In it, Mrs. Hellman was introducing the door to America in World War II. These reforms are known to Mrs Hellman and Dashiell Hammett, a long-term friend. As described by the screen by Herman Shumlin, the film was well used when it started in 1943. We are brought to the Muller family, when the film opens. They cross the border to the United States from Mexico. They should continue to the home of Mrs Muller in Washington, D.C., where her mother, Fanny Farrelly, is a young youth minister. Mullers, we know it's a European rush because of the persecution there against opponents to develop a brutal rule in Germany. In fact, we thought, by the way, Mullers could have been better off if they were Jews, running away from a thorough destruction. We see that Mr. Muller has had a bad time in the country of origin, and also in other areas because of his independence in rejecting Fascim. Does he not know the little one who comes to the house of his son-in-law which is one of the worst houses of philosophy? <br /> <br /> This film offers best practice everywhere. It is a piece of curiosity because of the role of supporting Bette Davis. Paul Lukas, repeating his role in Broadway, strongly convinces them like Kurt Muller, a good man who wants to make himself a better world and his family. Mr. Lukas is doing a good job of describing Kurt Muller, repeating the role that made him a highlight of the festival at Broadway. Another best practice is Lucile Watson, who plays with Fanny Farrelly, the mother of this family. Geraldine Fitzgerald is seen as Marthe de Brancovis, a visitor of Farrellys, married to Teck de Brancovis, hated the Nazi artist, played by George Coulouris. Beulah Bondi, Donald Woods, and all the other supporters provide a good exhibition led by Mr. Shumlin. The film should serve as a reference to the evil of the cruel rule, no matter where.
