Before Sunrise is love for the generation of slacker. Richard Linklater's sex player is telling of a dream of a dream of many people. The film shows romance in all glory, but without any problem falling for many couples; and for a short time the film is about two people who have a relationship that is close to perfection if relationships come - just one problem, a temporary problem. Although many relationships have decreased over time, this continues to develop strength and when it is not the only thing that can remove it. Before Sunrise is certainly not the most common 'Hollywood romance', which is another feature that places these films before non-actors. Stories follow two people, Jesse; America and Celine; French girl who meets on trains to Vienna. They connect immediately, and after telling her a bad idea for a television show and almost get away, Jesse asks Celine to join her for a day in the beautiful city of Vienna ... Before Sunday she works for two reasons - to act with a great script that builds characters through their thoughts and emotions and thus enables us to know as we do people in real life. This allows characters to be free, and it is easy to believe that these are real people and not just actors who work from the script. This also allows us to feel for the characters for them, and not just because they are characters. This kind of originality is difficult to catch as, at the end of the day, we as listeners know that they are watching the film and not looking at real life; But Before Sunrise represents one of the truest performances of realistic life that has appeared on the screen. The great script can't really do its own work, and it requires major actors to give it to the extent that it didn't do right, and though I'm not a fan of either Julie Deply or Ethan Hawke; on watching this film, nothing you can do but give them all honor. I don't know if they were in the character or just playing, but when the film is good this; not matter. In this movie, it is a text that is the most important thing, and the inside of the script is a few considerations about life, which many of which I personally can involve. This represents what Richard Linklater has achieved and this script not only creates and builds characters, but also manages to open what real love, along with several other aspects of life. The fact that it is not all text related to me again represents the transparency of writing. Everyone is different, and different parts of the script will attract appeal to different people. There may be some things about one person that one likes and another hates; and so is the musings in this script. Increasing the beauty of the film is the city of Vienna. The city itself is not very important for this film as this is a story that can be done anywhere - but it makes the spectacular performances and love, the power of romance which flowers in the movie all resembles the beauty of the area. Before Sunrise at the same time it is beautiful and attractive. Richard Linklater has created something that is a few in the world of movies; The film gets the beauty of life without going up or having too many feelings. Before Sunrise is what. And what it is, it is wise to clean the cinema.
