When I got a movie in the Christmas schedule, his head had no news from me since I had never read a novel and I've never heard anything about the film. However, after reading the content, I decided to use my Christmas evening when watching movies. The effect was quite surprising: I do not remember when I saw a film that always involves me. VOW TO CHERISH is, of course, one of the movies that now makes a real surprise that I've got from the movie. Here are some of my arguments why I consider this film a very good movie. First, all content is educational. It has something to offer to a modern audience - a pure faith right and some answers to the questions of the whole world. Is there a need for Christ in our time? What? Love still has an issue? Is there faith? What is the logic of the burden and suffering in life? Is there one person on my side I can believe every time? The movie provides responses through content since all that happens to the characters can happen to any of us. <br /> <br /> Second, the movie is unique to creation. The main characters get local efforts and tough decisions. Is it better for Kyle David Denman and Teri (Megan Paul) to start their own life and forget about family or moral values ​​at home? Is it better for John (Ken Howard) to leave Ellen (Barbara Babcock), his sick wife, and start a new life with Julia (Donna Bullock), a woman who loves? In fact, Ellen did not recognize him again. However, he decides to promise his eternal faithfulness to GOD. He had a brother of John who rebelled, Phil (D. David Morin), better to go to his simple life even though it did not bring him satisfaction or immediately start thinking seriously his life. Phil's prayer to God in the park is the psychological function of the world of humanity. These words can also be said by everyone regardless of where they are, when or how they live. Third, movies are a big picture of the family, not so popular today: there are problems, however, there is always something greater that connects these people. This "thing" is love and trust. I know that it might seem to be a disappointment. Not all families can rely on honesty and may not be as simple as that. However, it is a very educational element and one true. Fourth, the entire film focuses on people's help. If we want to live a happy life in our society, we must understand one thing: we must help each other. Alexander (Ossie Davis) is an example of such a view. At the beginning of the movie, we see him talking to John about praying. Later, he helps his brother. Alexander is a sturdy “angel” sent to John and his family. Is it not possible for us to be an angel to someone else? <br /> <br /> Five, the attributes of the art should also consider. INFORMATION: Barbara Babcock gives a real performance like Ellen and though she has a difficult role, she does a full job. Think, for example, when he appears at school and needs to teach again. Ken Howard is also remembered as a faithful husband. Example: Forgetting me is the area of ​​John and Ellen in the walk of the fallen leaves when the sun (love) spreads everywhere. I clarified as a kind of sign: even if there is sadness, this can always be highlighted by the light and fun ... to me again how good it is to live and believe. In the end, I would like to quote the main words from the film that I touched so much hope and you will do the <br /> <br /> Kyle for uncle Phil: Yes, he (John Brighton) lives according to the Bible. But no one urges them to do so. However, according to what laws do you live?
