I will tell you the story of the summer of 1994. A friend and I attended a Canadian Day Festival in Barrie, and who is of the Canadian age groups. We got over 4am, waiting in the morning line, and when the doors were opened at 9am, we were among the first ones in the gates. Then waiting and waiting for the hot sun, we slowed down but we didn't care, because the heads of the heads were among our loved ones. One time, early in the afternoon, I sat down and refused back to the barrier. I woke up to my shock and hurt him with a happy girl wearing a Rheostatics shirt. That's why I hate Rheostatics to this day. There is nothing sensible, neither delicious - nor is it anything except their fandom. My snotty, isn't it? Therefore, I, in my hatred of the band, have rejected the happiness that is Whale Music. Desmond Howl had it all. It is difficult to say what he lost, because he lives in a wonderful house between the seas and the mountains (the BC region where the film was shot very interesting). Many of our lives are dreamed of deleted by dreams, fantoms, and past, until the day of breaking the boy's criminal in ... and, as it seems, expels him. The movie faces several problems. In general, the lack of money, as well as the inefficiency of asking for help (if somehow the fact that it does not become Canadian) causes lower production standards than American or UK films, and most people do not like to look at anything that looks like or looks like, well, not like the American film. Then, the Canadian church inspectors are often seen to be shocked and amazed that they are lost to see how to tell good news, and tell them well. Third, they seem to think that an improper short-term (often full-sight) makes an artistic thing. I'm sure anyone who watches enough Canadian movies, especially at the end of the night at the CBC, knows exactly what I'm talking about. It is almost as if this book "does not" this is out there somewhere with the Canadian film writers expelled long ago. In the 90s and 00s, however, some films (such as Bruce McDonald's and Brazilian CRAZY) have broken this mold, and manage to maintain what makes them a Canadian, while holding on to ethics productive and well-known production stories. Whale's music is the film, on the face. In more detail than its Canadian exhibition, it is a moving story in front of someone who has lost its trap, through grief and excess, who has been redeemed by music then with love. And it saves even Rheostatics. :)
