Charms have not even begun to describe "Save the Grace;" it's completely defeated! Anyone entering this film will leave and their souls will grow (haha). Grace Trevethyn (Brenda Blethyn) has lost her husband, but her problems are almost getting much more. The one who has come out has left him without money and good debt. Faced with losing everything, he needs to find a way to earn a lot of money ... quickly! He gets an idea during his garden, Matthew (Craig Ferguson) asks the capital's capital to give him advice on a growing plant. Grace immediately knows that her plant is marijuana, so they decide to use her garden skills to grow a lot of high-quality soil, and then sell it to pay her best debt. The best quality about "Save the Grace" is its beauty. Each character is very sympathetic, and, forget for 20 minutes or so, the film is not good. Everyone wants the end of happiness for everyone, even if it means turning away from illegal activities. <br /> <br /> Acting is high. Brenda Blethyn is one of the best British artists, and here's why. It turns out what could be a caricature into a person who lives and breathes perfectly. She is a beautiful woman, but she is not stupid. Craig Ferguson is similar to Matthew. He is a horrible death, but he is very happy that it does not matter. All fragments are suitable for this category as well, but special mention goes to Tcheky Karyo. The French actress has always had a risk on it, and it fits well, but also has a great experience of comedy. Nigel Cole finds the perfect sound of "Save Grace." It's all about charm. One of the problems I have with British humor is that all the energy seems to have been turned out of the film. Not so here. The film looks good and interesting. That's not to say that "Saving Grace" is a pleasant movie that will leave you with a grin and good feeling. While this movie is not external and external, it boasts two or three curtains that are not short. The questions are being asked though, and finally you find yourself unexpectedly lost. See "Save Grace," especially when you have a bad day.
