"Emma" was the cause of what can be called to First Main Jane Austen Circuit mid-nineteenth century, and it has recently shown on British TV, of course because of the author's intent created by the second major Jane Austen Cycle started with "Disappointment and Weakness" two years ago. We are currently in Austen biopic movies "Becoming Jane", and ITV has recently produced three TV shows according to Austen's novels. These include "Abbey Northanger", only one of the six major novels that have not been done before, so the cycle should be complete. Of course, however, there will be more coming soon. (There it is, after all, its young "Love and freindship" (sic), short novella "Lady Susan", and someone, somewhere, has undoubtedly supplied endings to its two unfinished pieces "Watsons" and "Sanditon" Then there are all of the Austen sequels published by modern authors ??????). The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young woman from a historic family in Regency England. (Not, if other critics have thought, King of England-Austen died before Queen Victoria even born). Emma is, financially, more beautiful than many Austen heroes like Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and has no need to find a rich man. Instead, his main concern seems to be getting men to his friends. She persuades her friend Harriet to stop the proposal of marriage from a small farmer, Robert Martin, believing that Harriet should put her things on Mr Elton's arrogant teacher. This program is going very wrong, however, if Elton has no interest in Harriet, but has fallen in love with Emma himself. Emma's refusal of her proposal makes it very strange that she was willing to compare her friend to someone who looks at her (for good reason) as an unworthy partner for herself. This is the plot of Jane Austen, Emma returns to be the smallest spinster who appears to be seen, and she also sees herself falling in love, causing more problems. <br /> <br /> Emma always insists that she cannot marry without love, and when she gets a partner, Mr. Knightley good, we feel that this will be a real marriage marriage. However, it does not seem to be very passionate (different to say, that of Elizabeth Bennett and Mr Darcy). Knightley, who is sixteen years old than Emma (she is 21, 37), and about him for marriage, is more like a father figure than a partner. More than a father-figure, in fact, than his real father, the old hypochondria and a selfish person who looks like his grandfather. When Emma has a feeling for her wise and wise friend Miss Bates, it's Knightley who lowers herself to her lack of behavior. (His name probably means to show his kind behavior - the gentlemen of the fifteenth century liked to consider themselves as the modern equivalent of medieval knights and their detailed codes of chivalry). Both Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam play their part very well, but this is really one of the biggest screen romances. <br /> <br /> Without other characters, I liked Juliet Stephenson dirty Mrs Elton and Toni Collette's Harriet. I know that in the novel Harriet ignorance young man, where here he is more like a character Collette played in "Muriel Wedding" - gauche, a little overweight twentysomething, fretting about his chance to find someone. However, I felt that this behavior works well in the film environment and does not prevent it from Austen's theme. "Emma" is one of Austen's most light heart work, without the black overtones of "Mansfield Park" or even "Pride and Prejudice", and this appears on the screen. We see the world of beauty and grace, perfection and beautiful home and elegant dress and good habits. Besides begging a ruffianly beggar, who makes a very short appearance, only the "poor" people we see is Mrs. Bates and her daughter, and, if they live in the picturesque rose-strewn thatched cottage that today will switch hands to more than £ 500,000, we can be and sure that their poverty is relative, not quite. In Emma's world, poverty is described as having no own home. That is, of course, not the perfect picture of the life of the nineteenth century, but no one has ever asked Austen as a regency similar to the kitchen-sink real. A romantic romantic comedy, with a great eye to analyze human behavior, was more in his line. I could not copy this film completely as "Sense and Sensibility" of 1994 or "Recent glory" and abuse "- tends to refresh in the middle, although it has the beginning of power and end of power - but, usually , it's easy to enjoy Austen
