Romance is in the weather and love is growing at the time of Victor England, in this story of the heart planned against society when the behavior was still been, women were big and elegant, and the gentlemen beat. `Emma, ​​'according to a novel by Jane Austen and written on the screen and directed by Douglas McGrath, star Gwyneth Paltrow's delight in the role of the head. An independent player, Emma is very happy with the idea of ​​playing Cupid and trying to deal with what he feels is suitable for someone else. To achieve a successful comparison that has ended in marriage, he sets the search for his friend, Harriet (Toni Collette), but the result of his first attempt confirms that he is not subject to satisfaction. At the same time, his efforts are recommended by Mr. Knightley (Jeremy Northam), whose understanding of heart issues often seems to be wiser than Emma, ​​and providing the needed credit to the case. And Emma, ​​concerned about what is right for others, reduces the heart that is most important of all: Himself. The world goes round and love increases, but Emma is almost miss the boat. Luckily for him, however, is just a good person to wait for him in the wings. Now, if he can but stop for a long time. But if anyone who knows the true love knows, the heart can go right or wrong with the instant, according to the little thing; and when romance is near Emma, ​​you must first recognize it, and take it at that time. McGrath has created and produced a beautiful, sensible film that is like a breath of fresh air in many times a cruel world. It is possible to have a frivolity air on it, but in the past, this story deals with something that is perhaps the most important thing - with all the trust — almost anyone: Love. And for McGrath's enough speed and time, it all comes out here in a way that is so entertaining and enjoyable. It is interesting, affecting the film, and an amazing cast, which effectively sends the viewer sometimes and elsewhere. It is a light light, but it takes; and good settings and events provide a sense of well-being and stability that lets you sink into it and just go with the flow. The beautiful Paltrow, who won Oscar for the best actor for Shakespeare In Love 'two years after doing this, looks good and right at home for this type. He puts all things in the UK, and it does so in nature and such a facility is a kind of activity that is easily taken or ignored. He is just fine in what he does and makes it easy to see. He has the presence of charismatic screens and a favorite way, reminiscent of Audrey Hepburn. However Paltrow is unique. As an actor, he has a variety of style and style and has shown - and films such as 'Yes Four hard,' 'Hush' and 'Good killer' - that he can play just any part effectively, and therefore self touch that makes every role he plays for himself . But it's for characters like Emma that she shines. She is very clear and clear, and her personality is very involved, that is someone who is easy to talk with just the fun of looking, regardless of the place she plays. And for Emma, ​​she is absolutely perfect. Jeremy Northam also gets well in the role of Knightley, and as Paltrow, it seems appropriate for a variety - in the right role, that's it; its performance recently `golden bowl, 'where played Prince of Italy, was less satisfactory. Here, however, he is perfect; he is good, and runs in a way that makes Knightley reliable and very real. As Mr. Coll Firth of Darcy in the service of "Pride and Prejudice," Northam has created a memorable attitude with Mr. Knightley himself. Also the best in helping the roles and deserves to be named is a Colonte Toni, as a friend of Emma Harriet Smith; and Alan Cumming, as Pastor Elton. Effectively, Collette and Cumming create characters who are real people, and thus become an important asset for the overall success of this film. And it shows how important players live in the world of movies, and films of any kind. Assignment included including Greta Scacchi (Ms Weston), Denys Hawthorne (Mr. Woodhouse Sophie Thompson (Miss Bates), Kathleen Byron (Ms Goddard), Phyllida Act (Bi Bates), Polly Walker ( Jane Fairfax and Ewan McGregor (Frank Churchill) An enriching, prestigious film, 'Emma' is a reminder of the character of civilization and the value of mildness and grace in the world often has unpleasantness. it is good to run into a world like this, if it is for several hours, if it fulfills the need for renewing faith in the spirit of man, and that is the magic of the cinema. br />
