After seeing CUBE, I've been a fan of the work of Vincenzo Natali. I seem to have the ability to take the story of the story, and it is not hard to make it as a rainbow for all the stories that he can do. Instead, it allows the stories to be revealed in natural ways, in fact, so that you can believe there is this Cube people were trying to escape, or in the case of NOTHING, a huge empty area where there is ... no! The event served me immediately. It seemed so simple! Take two characters who no one likes, and take them to the world where nothing is. I don't have it just so that you forget the logic that the place where nothing can not exist. In fact, the world of something becomes something to have inside the film. There is nothing there, but also 'something' there. It can be a good time to show that the trailer is very misleading. I was lucky enough to understand that the film stood on the side of the most comedic than that of the trailer otherwise told so. So when watching the film, I laughed every time and again, when a person with a misleading advertisement might feel totally mixed. If I can take a minute to give the film in praise, where the film is approaching it is a concept. It is a concept of knowledge to have a world of anything, and put two characters there, not two intellectual characters, who will reach philosophy and work out of their environment, but the two who have no clue about where they are! Another powerful feature is a cinema movie, though this was never seen! Where every wall, north, land, south, west, high and low are white birds, a deep view becomes worse. It is difficult to determine where places are placed on the Mis-En-Scene. The movie has a lot of time where this happens really, but for the most part, the camera is installed so that two characters, or something with the character placed forward with the background, allowing a deep sense of achievement. <Br /> <br /> However, this film does not lack in certain areas. The film is short, but however, over time the secrets of this world of something are not very good, and you want to find some sort of resolution within the plot. We can also say that acting is once again, it can't. These two characters are in fact, unlike that, we can't hear compassion at any time for these characters. However, on the flip side of that, chemistry and friendship between the two characters seems really enough, but there is something missing. However, I ranking this as a totally enjoyable film! Do not let the trailer be deceived you in thinking this is another fiction movie fiction movie. It's more than a comedy than that! It's actually looking though, precisely to the concept itself!
