Tweaked a little, 'No' could be a children's film. It is a very sophisticated concept, it touches on a particular fascinating theme of the metaphysical, and it goes against pretty much every Hollywood contract you can imagine ... what is going on opposite to everything more, in fact, "no"? No stories of two friends who want the world away when everything goes wrong with their lives. All that is left is that which does not like, and large white space. It is difficult to focus on the story for only two actors for your many films, especially without any cuts on anything going out of the plot. It focuses on a very good shape, but that's the Vincenzo Natali district. If you have seen 'Cube', you already know that it is likely to be that kind of situation. "No" in this film is open space free, but Natali somehow can make it a claustrophobic, if it is because nothing else, and no other place to go. Officials sell it, although you can tell these boys are friends however. Two actors from 'Cube' return here (Worth and Kazan), but are quite different characters. They change in stories, and while they are not the most powerful artists in the world, they are at least reliable. Because I say this might be a children's film under proper tweaks, it is because apart from a few f-bomb bombs and a series of bloody dreams of somewhat unwanted, feel modern and often The film can be easily beaten with children. So I see it is an extraordinary choice that the authors decided to add a crass language and a small amount of a year, especially considering there is not much. This can get a pG rating for easily they just cut a few things out and changed the dialog little conversation. There is very little opposite to this film, but it's enough to prevent parents from wanting their children to see it. I just say that's a shame because it's not because I support control, but for that reason it could be the only thing that hindered this movie from having a big impact. At any rate, this is an entertaining film that has a reason, however, with a few incredible events. But in fact being on anything, and focusing on the two characters and their cooperation with nothing at all, they are doing a wonderful job with a free film.
