Director Vincenzo Natali first showed his penchant for sci-flicks based on his film's 1997 "Great", where 3 people remain trapped in the elevator when invisible monsters around the building. His monitoring project "Cube", released later that year, had a very similar premise, this time with 6 people and instead of an elevator was an enormous expansion of the deaths of cubic intervention. They were both delightful attempts to take the sci-fi step further, with a deliberate decline showing almost any visual stimulation, rather than choosing to spend as much time as possible focusing on the human element, how the act act, touched and interact under the misunderstanding and situation of danger. After his investigation into the "Cypher" district of 2002, I have come to his amazing film trends and brought us "No", the most recent, and more optimistic and comedic to take the world of the cinema "What if Dave ( David Hewlett and Andrew (Andrew Miller) are long-term friends, brought up by the group's cooperation from the community and the lack of any other person to have. Dave, who is prevented by the nature of self and somehow, lives free of charge by Andrew in his indifferent and uninhabited home, where they often get the benefit of Neurotic and antisocial ideas of Andrew. Of course, they find that their house has been deserving to be present and planned to be demolished before the sun, so in the fear of the night, of fear of everything going on of them, they want that the whole world would perish. And it does. Going further with these words could slow down the film (very often) reveal what happened to Dave and Andrew, and how they are concerned with their new reality. Natali's attractiveness and learning human behavior under trouble (Aircraft Airplane) is here in events, but only by making the main characters rather than visitors, she has the ability to stop the horrible-dirty element of this Column to open it up to the best levels and hope. It's almost like he did the opposite of "Cube". <br /> <br /> Of course, the film is not 85 minutes of laughter and sun. Based on the basic nature, our two anti-heroes are often, sometimes with very good results. As a game of "Island of the Desert", the film looks at how even the best friends, when left alone, can fall, but at the same time it shows that friends are essential to the quality of existence. In a distorted way, sci-fi, this is a flick feel good, with a good heart and good intentions. However, there are small features to have "No". While the two leading actors, Hewlett and Miller, are doing well with their parts, their characters are not so close as they should be, considering that it is entirely up to them to bring us back to the best part of the hour. There is some progress in relation to Dave and Andrew's behavior, some of the history is given, but it is not enough. A generous observer will sit in the absence of the film in order to see it to the end, but the worries will lose very quickly. Do it, as described, is enough, and consider the amount of 'green-screen' work that would be needed, convincing. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller, both of whom wrote a co--written screenplay, have been a long-term friends of Vincenzo Natali: Hewlett has actually looked at every film he has done. Perhaps it was their creative input that led this film to the best leadership. However, the story may be much more involved. In fact, it is entertaining that (no pun is planned) nothing happens, but you get that feeling, with more hands, much more could be done with this column. <br /> <br /> In all rights, "No" is a piece of interesting work in many ways. The concept is interesting, the direction is invention, the script works on the human level and, above all, shows the development in the imagination of Natali's imagination. For fans of his work, this will be fun, and for others it will be a good way to pass unwanted time. It is only shameful that the restructuring of the director on the game of humanity prevented that a great and fun film would be.
