There is nothing amazing! Easy as that! It is a film that should not work, it still does not. I live in Sci-Fi area, however this film is also a comedy. Cypher was considered to be a big budget emerging in Natali ($ 7.5 million! Woo-hoo Pa!) So with no one weighing again. This is a low budget, the independent decision of the film is better. Simple, good old story story and an attempt to make a film for artistic qualification as explained by the typical Hollywood reasons for many financial benefits. No films about Something and before asking, nothing like Seinfeld! Basically Andrew and Dave are lost several. They live in a strange looking house under two ways of the way. Andrew is a travel agent of telesales who are agoraphobic when Dave is Andrews the best wife who stays together with him free to help him out. Dave is tired yet he has a good partner who wants to join him. However, Dave finds his girl lost a huge amount of money from Daves to charge Dave, and Andrew is badly accused of sexually assaulting a girl girl (Canadian people!). When it turns Andrew's house should be destroyed too and he can not stop as much as the house was built on land that should not be built. Both Andrew and Dave are inside the house when the police and the destruction team come to call. They are desperate and can not escape, and for fear and confusion as well as police burst in everything going to be white. What happened? Are Dave and Andrew dead? They wake up to find themselves still in the house is just quiet. No police, no destructive team, no angry woman looked at the mother! What happens is Dave and Andy discover they are able to "want or hate away." If they turn around they have hated the whole world outside. They are left alone. The house is surrounded by anything, which is shown as pure white. So this means that the films are put on the house and then it's just white. Film is an interesting view of the isolation of humans and psyche and of course if they spend more time alone with no food and no water, they begin to get tired. They know they can hate hunger, which is important but really things are going to say. I can't disclose much but I must say the bouncing heads are eyes to see. This video is amazing, amazing, interesting. The effects are simple but effective and Natali brings together two friends from Cube, David Hewlett, and Andrew Millar to lead the film. They have chemistry and also work very well. They should hold 90% of movies to themselves and much of it in white white background, but it works. Certainly I expect this to get the same diabolical treatment as a Cypher made and should be seen on a year or two DVD in states. There is nothing high with a special film and though it's not as good as Cube or Cypher is once again proves Natali as one of the best and comers. <br /> <br /> Natali is a person who really interested in me in three of It includes so far and I can't wait for its second element. I love the God does not make the proposed Necropolis, written and directed by the ADD patient, who was climbing Paul Anderson. Vincenzo old man as Paul comes round to your pad, RUN !!! RUN LIKE WIND! I hope and confiscate this person not suitable for Hollywood such as Alex Proyas did (with fun still pussy-footed, sugar coated, helium light: I Robot!). Keep your eyes recommended for this person. ****
