The background of this movie has been playing my thoughts for a long time now. We've heard or read about it in some kind of text. What would you do if you were alone in the world? What would you do if the whole world suddenly disappeared before your eyes? In fact, the last part is actually happening to Dave and Andrew, two of the rooms living in the house run in the middle of a free way system. Andrew is a nervous decline by saying Dave is considered one of the most lost in society. That alone is the main reason why these two men go very well, because they only have to turn when you are comforting it is needed. Just until ... <br /> <br /> Right from the beginning of a lot of film and many problems are happening. Both are involved in crime, Andrew hurts the paranoia and does not know to go out of the house. Dave did not succeed in his work and his colleagues do not get very well and with the respect he deserves. The amount of problems they face continues to rise to one day when they can cope with the inevitable and deal with it. This is too big for them and they want everything to come out ... And of course that's exactly what happens. All over the story sets Dave and Andrew in this world of desolation. At first they wonder and have trouble understanding and dealing with the characteristics of these circumstances, but later they know that they can do just about everything they want because it looks like the only one remaining. <Br /> <br /> Nothing was stolen - in fact, instead of the first film shots, we see only Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) in the entire film. It is clear that in order to pull this, cast should be more active, because in the world where there is nothing there is nothing that can distract the viewer in any way. Vincenzo has decided to use a sufficient amount of shots of the nearest head to make it more attractive and works well. The Director of Photography, Derek Rogers, also has a good way to beat the audience and stop seeing news, especially when the character sees something and reacts, but we don't see it immediately. It is clear, this can't be a run-and-run film. Most of the action takes place outside their home when they are wandering in empty. And where some hilarious events are taking place, especially in the time when Andrea hides the candy bar. Now, someone might think: "What does it look like?" Well, it looks like anything. The whole world of anything is white ... white no matter what direction you look at. This is a weakness of this film ... After an hour or less it is getting very boring look and there is a need to make sure the most interesting look. Thank God, there are some. For example when those two young people, due to the property of anything, can jump too high if nothing happens ... tofu (like Andrew says). It is a pleasure to see how they can use anything to be the gods of their small community. <br /> <br /> One of the most beautiful parts of the film is set ... The creator of production Jasna Stefanovic has done a good job in this film, a house in which these two people live very happy to watch, still seems to be the same for these two live in a place like this. For all, the production structure is undoubtedly one of the most powerful features of this film actually makes the film look ... <br /> <br /> However, the best part of the film is acting. Both David Hewlett and Andrew Miller are seen as both professional actors. The camera is on them for every second of the film and as mentioned earlier, there is almost no props in the film, in fact it is on clear stage. With the development of a lot of behaviors and some of the one-honored liners, the clever dialogue (sometimes very stupid), all works up to the end - and this supports the real movie away from the low budget area for good works. <Br /> <br /> Let's look a little bit on the effects of seeing, because it is worth mentioning. There are no digital items and cosmetics that are similar to any modern film. There is a good sequence of dreams in the film, and though The Drews have given them an area that is still quite fun looking. One of the best effects of the film on the film is the end where Andrew and Dave discover their strengths in this environment - they are able to want everything away, why can they do it in other ways and make things look? "No" is a bright and lighting film, it helps to promote their idea maybe it is dead (this is actually one of their theories), but "No" is a comedy and is slowly destroying its own theory. We don't know where or what happened. We don't know if they will leave, because the film is approaching before seeing something like that. Finally, by the way, it's not as good as it could be. Instead it is easy to predict what will happen, yet the authors have thought about a few events that help make it more interesting and ultimate, one of the most satisfying. Take "Skeleton Man", "Kill Bill", "Cube", "Epoch" and many other films and you don't have "No". In fact it is a coalition of different styles, there is still no other film (at least I know) Nothing like the truth. For people to remember the original comments of the Cube Production on his DVD can remember that Vincenzo Natali talked about how he came to the story of the Cube. He says about it and André Bijelic have been at the same time and both were in their room very much and no hope of getting out, "No" could be well translated the nature of the Cube story, and to the end, it's almost like one of prequels Cube. What can I say? I enjoyed "No", it's a great movie and different parts of the film are well done with tons of mental ideas, I still feel the movie lacks something and I have trouble finding out what ... What if we have "No 2" I can answer that question. "No" is a good film, but it's not as good as I expected. <br /> <br /> Last rating: 7.5 / 10
