The producer of the exhibition exhibition exhibition (exhibition, typical music, which consistently continued with the cinema on the greatest movie of the past) should be dealt with the deviation of deviation, fraud partners, loyal lovers & talent talents amateur to realize his dream of making his mark on the FOOTLIGHT PARADE. Although it is more closely related to the Warner's music, especially the GOLDDIGGER films, this film had a special attraction and no other had: Jimmy Cagney. He is wonderful, free-jointed and lithe, as agile as any tomcat - a creature he really mimics a few times during the movie. Cagney convinces viewers and never stops going, strengthening a quick-hot conversation with a corny plot and its charisma & buoyant charm. <br /> <br /> Others cast offer their best, too. Joan Blondell is perfect as a strong-mouthed shepherd, with a great heart, beaten by Cagney (big quibble - why not given a number of music?). Dick Powell & Ruby Keeler once again play lovers and turn off; The fact that his singing and his ability to act is slightly on the side of the lean you have to compensate for his play; Powell still stimulates the boyish passion in its unusual position as a second male leader. Guy Kibbee & Hugh Herbert are very happy as a brother-in-law, all building a cagney cheat in a different way. Ruth Donnelly marked as the rich wife of Kibbee, a woman dedicated to her good defenders. Frank McHugh's player is the apt rock for Cagney's witch. Herman Bing is a hilarious hierarchy in its tiny area as a music planner. Mavens will see little Billy Barty, Jimmy Conlin & maybe even John Garfield during music numbers. Finally, there is Busby Berkeley, choreographer sipareil. The terpsichorean pieces, which were published in the 1930's, were a great example of running the cinema that the listeners of depression wanted to enjoy. Great laughter about the creation of Berkeley, of course, is that they meant, as part of a plot, to be a product of action. But there is no theater that can hold these products to the master's mind. They are good examples of just the type of entertainment that is possible with the film camera. The Berkeley music offering usually took one way differently, or the story (often rather strange) told it to the song and dance; or amazing geometric numbers, eye candy, with many chorus girls, work on advanced camera & romantic tune. In the spasm of an outregance outre, FOOTLIGHT PARADE is experiencing three works Berkeley: `Honeymoon Hotel 'and its original Production Code say on the night of the night night; 'For Waterfall' - a number of women without water pollution, blowing, moving around and moving in full systems and structures (looking closely and you will see how the synchronous effects were reached); and finally, 'Shanghai Lil' - provide tax for Cagney & Berkeley talents.
