When it came out, this was a very good nature of music entertainment. To date it is more entertaining than most, for the most part because it has James Cagney in the role of leading as a music producer under a series of last time and saved by all the storms and "loyal" girl of Friday played by Joan Blondell . Also the music numbers towards the end that were put together with Busby Berkeley are very good to knock off as that kind of thing goes. <br /> <br /> But this is a wonderful movie. I mean in one of those numbers, you have Billy Barty running around pretending to be a little child, doing all kinds of amazing things. Ruby Keeler seems to have a touching smile on her face all the time, but at least she does not have to act like some of her unfortunate films later. You can never think that Dick Powell was any kind of hard guy from seeing him in this film; The energy looks of all the hard guys were put on the Cagney star. For Cagney, its speed comes on musical performances and so on is interesting and sad at the same time. Over time it gets very little. You expect him to go out and say, "Hey! I have a great idea of ​​introduction! Women are smoking, and they come out of a packet! Oh, we did a month ago!" It's funny but it gets a little repeat. At a time when he should be tough with a bad girl, Ruth Donnelly, some of the established character of Cagney gangster comes out. In fact a regular director B Mr William Keighley is known here for teaching talks, and it seems sometimes that Cagney and Blondell offer something "street" even though the characters are not criminals. <br /> <br /> Music numbers ... what can you say? They stand alone as entertainment, the way Berkeley uses the human body and the geometry is very amazing. But none of them has any meaning. It means "Hotel Honeymoon", nothing more or less. And all the conversion of collaboration falls immediately, since the participants in the show are doing things that would not be interested in the audience of sports games such as movies shows. For example one time they show good magazines in the newspaper, things like that. The whole thing can only be on the film, so the idea that the prologues are actually shows it is folly. I can only assume that the audience of the time was much less than things like this than they would be ten years later or so, because this is a very polished production. <br /> <br /> It is good to see Cagney's own show off her great skill of playing, and she can share a step by dancer like Keeler. Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemicals and their events are going very well. The music I could say is special, but it is more interesting if you repeat it. Bacon's overall trend is very good but never interesting. The value of the entertainment of the film has no doubt and also has taken the value of nostalgic along the way. It cut on many "let's put the film" of 30s.
