It is hard to say which comes from the top, the charm of James Cagney and the energy or extra of the opening of the mouth of third-party Bussters Berkeley close. I give a tie, and Footlight Parade one of the funniest and most fast tracks of Thirties earlier. Although the film is open to Cagney, Joan Blondell adds to a good story story story. What is the line of the story? It's about Chester Kent (Cagney) who offers music, and now who just about business as talkies takes. Starting to make Prologues, live music entertainment provided on stage before starting the movie. He gets the idea of ​​doing more and more of them, encouraging them throughout the country. He is a hot ball and imagination, and he needs all the ideas he can get to keep producing these things diligently. But the opponent is spying on him and stealing his mind; Nan Prescott (Blondell), his cautious secretary, loves him but has too much work; The girl's office in black-rimmed glasses, round (Ruby Keeler) wants a chance to play; his wife comes back saying she did not reject him after all; blonde gold-digger puts his hook in it; its partners cheat ... my gosh, what is next? This can hear as a lot of digging, but everything happens quickly, with Cagney blowing bouncing, strutting, striding, snapping, barking and regular orders - until the last big number when he goes out singing and playing - do all the steps or just two show how it's done. Instead of "Let's put it on the show, the gang" we have "We need to create three displays in three days, so close doors and let's start restarting." These three prologues will have 40 tablets, interesting effects and will mean a big deal, and forty units of a movie in deluxe movie rooms ... the perimeter of Apollo's house for the whole house! The drought threatens, its feet, but all these groups have emerged in skimpy clothing (which includes Ann Sothern and Dorothy Lamour; you can quickly see Sothern but Lamour is more generic) staying courses, playing their hearts out, giggling and chatting and looking unsweaty wonder. Then the curtains develop as all discussions have been presented in different films, one after the same night, and the Apollo owner will decide that night if they save the Chester Skin or not. The first is "Meat Meat" and Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler in a 9-minute production number which has many beauty features, and brides and animals (others can even get married), rooms beds and beds, and doors and "Don't bother" sign. Then go to the second field and 11 minutes of "Water Water" which perhaps Warner Brothers employees were surprised about bankruptcy. This number is many - several of the swimming girls, trees, fountains, large grotto and water water, a large pool - you can never imagine there was depression. Berkeley draws all of its techniques - interactions, human systems, legs and arms to do all kinds of precision - and he does inside the water, and many underwater pictures look up. Girls are a sure game. They come to stimulate water in their eyes and still beat their scores. The whole thing must have been very complex and stimulating. Ruby Keeler, who has a quick shots in the water, is the only one who looks at a little attention. And finally, the end of smash ... 11 minutes of Cagney play and sing with Keeler for "Shanghai Lil," and all the girls of the bar and their customers, odd for that society is mixed up. There is Cagney and Keeler playing on the bar, playing on the table, fighting Cagney. There is what appears to be fifty or sixty aquatic migrants, whistling and returning, guns hit and taken. Then ... this is true ... the sort of human picture of Franklin Roosevelt and the NRA eagle. This may be just the Hollywood production of Hollywood who has ever created Roosevelt, a large federal organization and supporters of Chinese Chinese prostitutes. <br /> <br /> That's entertainment, people. It's good! <br /> <br /> Of course, the Prologues of Chester finds a great deal with Nan gets Chester. The movie is full of juicy clichés that make us smile. Ruby Keeler is very happy to clap her hands with her hands as she wants to help her. Joan Blondell makes us forget about a lot of Hollywood women who may have been more beautiful but who had little magic and personality. The movie, however, is of Cagney, who takes and shakes, and to Berkeley, a man who did not have very much.
