Opium den, a dirty young man (actually midget), is a bustling, violent violence in dive, motel for sexual assault, many newborn baby infants, boozer fall under the stairs, customer mix of racial bar and Asians, Africans, and Anglos are treated equally, do you? this looks like a movie playing in local stores? Not right. These are all events from the 1933 music. <br /> <br /> The first half of the "Footlight Parade" is an additional music preparation that takes the last half of the film. Chester Kent (Cagney) has lost his job and loses his girlfriend's wife as a result of the pictures that talk to cancel music live action. Her producers took her to see a famous day speaker, John Wayne in the "Big Trail." Before each flick display, the dance number is presented as a prologue. Shorts, reels news, serials, and cartoons will later serve the purpose. Kent gets the idea that a series of prologue will be the road to salvation by the reduction of the live music industry. Kent is basically a man of thought on the line of choreographer Busby Berkeley. Is it possible that Cagney's behavior has been done after Berkeley? Possible. In preparation for the delegates, Kent learns that her ideas are taken by the opponent. He discloses the traitor, hot, then without knowing the new leaks are planted in the form of a sharp striker. His assistant, Nan Prescott (Joan Blondell - recently Mrs. Dick Powell) has Kent's cot and has decided to cancel the striker district. The new singer from the Arkansas College shows in the form of Scotty Blain (Dick Powell) who turns out to be actually getting and connected with Bea Thorn (Ruby Keeler). The results of the three prologue music, which is impossible to be presented at any stage of the day's film, is clean and pleasant today as it was over seventy years ago, "Honeymoon Hotel," "To Water Water," and "Shanghai Lil. "The only note is the song and drums of a tough man James Cagney. Like Fred Astaire and Bill "Bojangles" Robinson, playing for Cagney appear unusual and misunderstanding, although the hour struggled to get every step straight. Not like a good singer like Astaire, singing to Cagney, as Astaire's, looked natural, unlike the pregnancy that was popular at that time. It is amazing that one person can be very talented and so blended like James Cagney. Most of the analysts prefer part of "Shanghai Lil" on the other two. However, the old choosography of the "By Waterfall" wondering. How Berkeley could make the underwater film and create a snake chain must be difficult because it has never been repeated. Shots around with a good mixture for distant corners are a must-see. The black and white color photography is more artistic than it would be like color paint. Though not close to the community as "Gold Diggers of 1933," "Footlight Parade" stands alone as one of the most amazing and sad music you have put on the big screen.
