From far away, here is the brief: The female King Alta Lee (Lynn Lowry) is murdered by her boyfriend (George Shannon) in the Russian roulette game. Alta's other partner, the Camila Stone Labber agent (Mary Woronov), offers alibi to Max. But Camila has her own agenda, and a program involving cheating an innocent actress Julie (Lynn again) on a sex video game. When the identity 'identity has been exhausted enough, the action is set for retaliation as a desire to meet a physical fire. Even though this film is very unknown and not very familiar, I see it is sexy, suspenseful gem. Pastor Woronov has one of his best responsibilities, and he and sexy-innocent Lowry plays well. The unsettling music offered by Gershon Kingsley, along with the original two songs ("Boy All American)" "You say You Did Not Leave From") and Jaynetts '"Sally, Go' Round the Roses" sounds memorable sounds. The focus of Theodore Gersoja is sharp, and everything that has been photographed of world tones that are actively promoting the failure of the business under the upper region of the community. With great tons of New York's climate, Ondine (a friend of Woronov and fellow Warholite) provide good performance for a small role, and Monique Van Vooren as an ex-Max wife in a small comic plot. This small way, though cheating, looks like it is located in another movie altogether. However, I can't complain, if the film is soft even though it changes gear and is a very interesting hell that the terrible erotic garbage is now broken. Sugar: Sugar Cookies was originally rated X (soft-based) and released by General Film Corporation in 1973. I am the proud owner of the original lucky poster - my fortune! In 1977, the film was cut by R and released again by the Troma Team, which now does not cross the videotape. Mary Woronov was the wife of Theodore Gerskhan at the time, and was concerned about implementing sex-oriented sex scenes with her behind the camera. He can also appear in his original crop, Kemek (1970) and Night Night, Bloody (1972).
