First of the first Oliver Stone (associate-) released film, and one of the first films in the fascinating work of Lloyd Kaufman (co-founder and president of a real self-film studio of Troma, creator of Toxic Avenger and, prestigious Amsterdam The film of the incredible film, the success of life of film film awards for over 30 years. After raising the money for this film alone, Lloyd wrote this script with Theodore Gershuni in 1970 and in the sense of considering after listening to the advice of another Gersula to direct the film instead of doing it himself. But back there he had no experience in business and probably because of such decisions that he no longer considered for anyone. Certainly it would be interesting to see Lloyd's version of his own script - as one of the most directors of the original, bold, experimental and infallible world could have given them even more intense than already. But as we have a Gersula-directed film. And the weather is due to a strict script, or the fact that he is also his own director, COOKIES of SUGAR is a very intelligent, highly confusing and highly effective photo that is more worthy than it receives. The budget decline of a small label (this was before Kaufman and his friend and his partner for more than 30 years now, Michael Herz, who made Troma) had to work and is well addressed that the film looks more expensive, in fact does not "budget down "see all. This story refers to Camilla Stone of lesbians (played by Mary Woronow) and her lover who revives in a way I will not witness to destroy a beautiful story. This leads to a series of planning, intelligence games and humanitarian reforms that are found to lie by Hitchcock's Vertigo and at least as innovation. However, the weather is very bad, and the comparison of the effectiveness of Nicholas Roeg and Donald Cammell come to mind. In this mix is ​​the original original and original thriller which takes a very clear view of all that will be completed, which, along with a small plot that interacts with the Kaufman's early chest and unfortunately is not available GUSSI OF BIG WHAT FUSS, makes an hour and a half exciting very much. Certainly one of the best films in the Troma library, is still one of those films that deny the fantasy fantasy which their catalog is one of the worst taste. The DVD includes recent interviews Kaufman leads with Woronov and another leading woman Lynn Lowry (later in George Romero's tutorial), thus giving some interesting insight into what went on during this worship process and a few things of what would be different. Lloyd led himself. It is highly recommended.
