Former Cambridge reporter Simon Heffer, today a journalist and journalist, has emphasized that, like the British film writers in eight years they often referred to what they called "Thatcher's UK", the Ealing role of "Attlee's" The UK ", the UK which began to be after the victory of Labor in the 1945 general elections. This theory was not intended to pray, say," Kind of Heart and Koronets "(which is, if anything, satire on Edwardian classes) or by "Ladykillers" or "Lavender Hill Mob", both may have a particular satire but not a political nature. It can, however, be used in many series of films, especially "Passport to Pimlico". <br /> <br /> Pimlico is, or at least was in forty years, the district residents of London class, put on the North Bank Thames one kilometer from the Victoria station. It is not quite correct to say, as it has often said, that the film is about Pimlico "self-disclosure" of the UK. What is happening is that the old contract comes out to show that in the fifteenth century the area was organized by King Edward IV to the Duchy of Bourgogne. This means that, basically, Pimlico is an independent state, and has been around for five hundred years, regardless of its citizens' wishes. The government promises to adopt a special Parliamentary Act to amend the damage, but until the law receives the Royal Justice area it remains outside the UK and UK laws. Because Pimlico is not subject to British law, the pub's house is free to open any hours he chooses and the local vendors can sell whatever they like to anyone who wishes to, without failing to vote. When other traders start moving to the area to sell their goods on the street, the British authorities are impressed by what they see as legalizing black and strengthening the area to try and force "Burundians", as the people of Pimlico's own name, surrender. Many of the Ealing performances have their own headline idea of ​​the young person who comes into that system, or as an individual as is done in the "Man in White suit" or "Lavender Hill Mob", or as part of A great community as it happens in "Whiskey Galore" or "Thunderbolt". The central theme of "Passport" is that of ordinary men and women taking bureaucracy and regulated government regulations that seemed to be an important element of life in the UK of forty. The aim of the film is mainly the pass system. During the war the system was accepted by many people as an important sacrifice in the fight against Nazism, but became increasingly complex politics when the government tried to preserve it during this time of peace. It was a major factor in the unprecedented preference of Attlee rule which was elected to a large number in 1945, and organizations such as the British Employee League were established to invite the abolition. I cannot agree with the auditor who said that the main goals of the satire of the film were "spivs" (black marketeers), who play a small part in the action, or the League of Employees, who are completely invisible. Satire is very important for journalists, who are shown or have the "rules" of the "mind" or desire to pass the goat and avoid taking any action. I think that if the film would take place today it would have a different difference with the remaining Pimlico as a British version of Monaco or San Marino. (Indeed, I think today that this concept could be used as a base of TV sitcom instead of the film). In 1949, however, four years after the end of the war, the filmmakers were strongly emphasizing the conscience of the jokes and British identity, so the film ends with Pimlico being reabsorbed in the UK. One of the best known verses from the film is "They were always English and we always have English and it's just because we are English that we are sticking on our right to be Burgundians". There is a great difference between the negative attitude of formaldom and common sense, patience and good sense of the Cockneys of Pimlico, all of which are presented as British attributes. is played during the summer and drought and sweltering heatwave, but in the event yesterday, after Pimlico has returned to the UK drops heat and begin to shed with rain. The global warming could be shifted a little things, but for many years the part that Britain was able to hold faith, whatever the figure say the opposite, even the UK with an unusual rainy weather. The ability to joke about the weather was very important. <br /> <br /> There is a good performance from Stanley Holloway as Arthur Pemberton, a local attorney and a temporary dictator who becomes the Prime Minister of Pimlico, and amusing amusing from Margaret Rutherford as a professor of history to fight. In the main, however, this is the same, enough for a film about a small community that builds together, a common example of a real star display but with everyone who contributes to the best film. You have no romantic love for most recent satirical films, but the wit and its satire are not working for all. This is among the funniest reviews on the ever-created bureaucracy and, except perhaps the "Hearts and coronets" types are my personal favorite among Ealing comedies. 10/10
