Passport for Pimlico is a real treat for all fans of UK movies. It is not just a pleasant and enjoyable pleasure, but it's a movie of age-old movies, and a sad state and a sad moment is now only recorded in British life. Stanley Holloway plays Pimlico wife Arthur Pemberton, who after the destruction of an unknown bomb bomb, finds the medieval treasure of the Duke of the Bourgogne of the 14th century which is buried under their small urban road some 600 years ago. The treasury is an old statutory decree signed by King Edward IV of the UK (which has not been officially opened) by saying that London's road had been declared the Burgandi soil, which means that in front of international law, Pemberton and other local residents they have no further studies in the UK but the inhabitants of the Bourgogne and their small road are self-reliant country with the law itself. This sets the war-torn village with the poor going well because they are confident that they are not out of the English law and authority, therefore, by the use of alcohol they are destroying their books, destroying and ignoring their clothing. The clothes, ignore the rules of UK licenses etc., declaring themselves completely independent UK. However, what is happening is forever, the black barrier and loyalty cord follows the suit and crosses the 'border' in Bourgogne as a barrier to the rules and barriers after the war to sell their dodgy products, and half of London's users follow them to overcome the coefficient, and make their little stability haven, storms of thieves and rather crowded for it. <br /> <br /> Appeals to Whitehall for help, they are told that as a result of this development "now it is a matter of foreign policy, which the Government of his Kingdom fails to deal with" which leaves the upper and dry residents. However, they make the area a legal line and since they have established a full-time office on the road, especially to monitor fraud than to ensure any security for Pimlico residents. until that is completely closed from the massive siege, and Bugundian residents lose water and food, slowly, not a little fight in the true style of Britain. As one quotes of Bugundian residents, "we are English and we were always English, and just because we are English, we fight hard to be Bugundians" <br /> <br /> A feeling that has recently been mentioned in the capital as time The rest of London learned of the poor Bugundians hurt all of them feel compelled to chip in and help them, by throwing food and accessories on barbed wire barbed <br /> <br /> Will Whitehall, who has fought off so that the invaders in all centuries will eventually be brought to their knees. This group of visitors, especially if these are English !!!! <br /> <br /> Great stories, and many joys around. You don't have to miss.
