Get this film if possible. You will get a very good performance with Barbara Bach, a good show of the amazing movies (and very amazing) but an old house, and an unexpected performance of virtuoso? "Invisible". I used a copy of this film because I was keen to see more than Bach, whom I would like to look at. I love very good classresses of class and know them even more if they can do a bit. So: we start with beautiful good power. Bach television writer walks on a partner and is going to cover the festival in California, Solvang, which celebrates its Swedish origin by wearing a large spectacle of people. She brings with the camera woman, who happens to be her sister, and another participant. (Lammer late has a Bach sister, and if you know who is involved is that each of these women are married, it is just wonderful to watch Bach (Mrs. Ringo Starr) and Lamm (Mrs. Dennis Wilson) going down the street with a sister's quarrel.) ) Any? Bach's beauty has followed Solvang, since he has not dealt with him. There is still a lot of sensation among them but they don't want to look at him again on his lower football career. Women arrive at Solvang to work for their center, just getting the reservations they were given to someone else. (Maybe Bach's partner, because he thinks where he will live?). Gals asks around but no where to go. Trying to get into an old hotel that now serves only as a museum, finds the interests of Mr. Keller (late Sidney Lassick), who decides to be a gentleman and keep them at his home, saying his wife will be happy to receive. Oh no! Another thing we know Keller calls his wife on the phone, showing him that the company comes and threatens that he could play well. Trouble in paradise! Women wish to stay in and return to Solvang photography and interview the Swedes, but one of the girls do not feel. Bach and Lamm take him back, asking themselves about Mrs. Keller (played by the heart of the heart and pretty Lelia Goldoni) who looked like she lost her best pal. Speaking of what? under the weather Vicki closes his clothes and goes into a good hot tub, not realizing that Keller has entered his room to inspect the head. He hears, thinks he has come to give a linen cloth, and he calls her thanks. Lassick did a good job in this area showing the pain of the old hay grass that did not look for long. After the left, the poor Vicki falls into the stomach to the bed but gets out very quickly (on both sides of the decent, horrible) for something that seems to fit into the floor on the floor? Unseen! Lamm comes to the next home (Bach has finished the argument and its beauty) and can not find anyone in the house. Knocks on a plate of kitchen fruit, and, on the hands and knees gather, her hair and sara fashion tries on the black floor grille ?? interesting visual again! Well, when about the poor Lamm is getting its stability in the kitchen, we take a short time in Mr. Keller's time and get a full story of what his patient, sad history is true and why his wife is not very proud. Bach finally gets home and wants to know where his partner is. At the same time, Lassick has been recognized by the murder of his right wife and decides that he cannot allow Bach away from the premises to reveal the secret of his house. He is tempting him in an apartment where the last action of the Keller family's family finally opens up. I can't say enough for Stephen Furst, whom I have never seen before; It is clear that he did homework for this role, studying the means of communication and expression of brain damage; Bach and Goldoni, each in their different ways, just give an interesting film. Not only, but the movie wind has a reasonable decision. There is no ridiculous stupidity, eye-to-eye talk or ivory cutting ... Real treat for your collection.
