It is true that Danny Steinmann is a “easy-to-be-passion” and predictable attempt, no special attempts to lose or any surprise and every single image that the genre has brought forward more than decades, but that is not appropriate to make a bad film . Instead, my friends and I were surprised to be surprised by this awesome modern 80-story feature that is very helpful from a few of the brutal pictures and the violent force. A good and proud writer Jennifer Fast and two of her interesting friends travel to a small town in California to make a document on a feast of memory, but their hotel forgot to register. In their search for a place to stay, trio runs into a modern friendly but doubtful museum Ernest Keller who invites girls to stay in his home countryside. Directly the girls find that Keller and her sister to introduce and present much to Victoria hide the mystery of darkness and murder within their homes. "Unseen" can easily be described as cheaper combinations and ultimately confused by the "Psycho" groups and "The Chainsaw of the Texas" killings. The program is a series of themes that have been well-known and monitored forever because of these two films, such as the secrets of the broken families in the cellar, voyeurism, lost killers and poultry infections. Still, I think these are bad words, like "invisible" is an uncomfortable and uncomfortable excitement that has never been more fearful than ten years. Although the sign of the conspiracy is quite clear, the director Steinmann tries to maintain the secret by putting the evil inside the house “invisible” as the promised title. Burning and acting performances are really uplifting on the mediocre level. Sydney Lassick, defined since his role as a patient of psychiatric illness Charley Cheswick in "One marriage on the Cuckoo nest" is the best choice for the role of Ernest Keller. His ongoing friendship and the most common perversion of the character are particularly needed. Also Stephen Furst, who eventually returns from the invisible in appearance, gives great performance as "Junior". He looks and acts like a person with a real disability and his attempts to be around Jennifer in the apartment are not sure. "Unseen" is an early 80 film that is slow and unpredictable but still powerful that will certainly welcome the fans of 70 exploits and many good things.
