Dolph Lundgren is back! The closure of the Dolphs first film films about 2 years, and that follows the Delayed Privacy Age. This film still shows improvement for Dolph on its low trilogy of Jill Rips, Agent Agent and Stormcatcher. However this film is below the level of Hidden Agenda, which was better almost every respect. What this film has in his favor from the exit of Dolph earlier, is a sense of fun. The film also has a revised Dolph back in the role of the action, and it is good to see Dolph doing his queues again. The fictional film is the documentation and insurance equipment B. The former military man is now a teacher and his last day of instruction, while being a detention class, runs some of the bad Slovenian people who are they have taken school to use as a substitute for a great drug program. The movie is not original but in this type of film you need to have a sense of fun and all settings. If you take too seriously the audience will get a little enjoyment. Surprisingly, film artists will not take things seriously and with all the action plans that you can think and predict, this film has the worst kind of vibe. <br /> <br /> If the film allows less it is missing-use a fairly good budget. Nearly 10 million budgets have not been used properly. All on the screen with a lot of killings and great explosions but a lot of shootouts have no ideas. The opening action is the same but after a good time becomes more. There is a good time. You have to drive a car through the school hall for example and a shot of honor at the beginning, and a lot of damage. Some of the shootouts are typical of the mechanics but there is a lot going on screen. <br /> <br /> As for cast. The secret agenda was the best of Dolph's work for many years. There was a good performance for DTV film. This however has problems. Actors are the worst part. The wicked are terrible, but the good man has a kind of enjoyment because Alex Karsis plays so high and without any sense of danger that you can laugh at. Teenagers are really good but they play characters like. They all hate the authority, each and all have negative attitudes and of course at the end they learn important life lessons, but in general they are good and Chris Collins actually has the ability. This movie is about Dolph however. Although this film is not close to its capabilities, there is no place near him. It also points to the turning point in its work. Now he has come in good condition, and he will be in the best shape in his next Step of the straight film. Dolph seems enthusiastic here, he does his own stunts and it is nice to see him playing an ordinary person action (running from a blast at a slow-mo, one liners, and handling a big weapon) again in the movie as his elders, however and less flair and thought than The films were stolen as the One Army. It's good to see Dolph watch power. His last 8 or more films have seen Dolph looking a little bit, and using it twice (still making all the fight however) but the new Dolph described it for that. Overall this looks just like the value of cheese and Dolph in the form of a great person of action. No one surprise but it has a kind of improper charm of laughably. **
