This is a great film of entertainment in my opinion, with cool characters, many actions, and amazing performance from Dolph Lundgren, however Alex Karzis is as bad as a villain! The story is very good, and I have seen children to be loved for the most part, with Dolph Lundgren it's just amazing in this! Work events are excellent, and are almost as hard Hard unless installed in school!, Together Dobó County is very menacing and sexy as sidekick !. Finale is very exciting, and has a very emotional emotional time too, however I just wanted to have another villain, because Alex Karzis did not cut as a way of villain also of OTT, and laughable for my taste. This should be higher then 4.1 in my opinion, if I thought it was a great film to do, and when kids, they were stupid sometimes, they got resources like the movie continued!, With the bullets were pretty cool too! The latter is very exciting, and Corey Sevier's character was a beloved pupil, and Dolph has already found it! This is a great film of delight in my opinion, with cool characters, many actions, and amazing performance from Lundgren!, But Alex Karzis is as bad as a villain, yet I recommend this very much! The direction is very good !. Sidney J. Furie does a very good job here with a good camera function, beautiful ivory, and filing the fastest speed! There is a bit of blood and violence. We find many wounds of bloody gun, knife on the head, arrow arrow, interesting items, and other small items. Work is amazing !. Dolph Lundgren is as wonderful as ever, and it's amazing here, he is so happy, he treats the donkey as usual, he had a great chemistry and children, he had a horrible attitude, very charismatic, and he might not express a great sense of feeling, he was still in hell the most fun to watch!, he is one of my dear actors! (Law of Lundgren !!!!!). Alex Karzis is the worst god of humanity, who loves OTT, he was very attractive, and was not at all at risk, also angry with him. Dobó County is very sexy as a side kick and did well and what she had to do, she was a real villain in my opinion! Corey Sevier is funny as Mick, she was my dear student, and I really started to approach her for the second half, I loved her so much! He had a good chemistry with Dolph too. Dov Tiefenbach (Willy), Chris Collins (Hogie), Mpho Koaho (Jay Tee), Danielle Hampton (Alicia), Nicole Dicker (Charlee) all work as students. Jennifer Baxter is very beautiful and beautiful as a Woman. The cast break makes good. In general I recommend this! *** 1/2 out of 5
