Here's Barbara Stanwyck very good bill on one disc. The first movie - and you believe me the least of two - is the MGM "Enjoy Lady" (1950) where she is connected with Clark Gable. It is basically a star car and gable as usually dominate the film with its presence of screens. Here he plays a racing driver who gets bad news from female writer Stanwyck and sex war begins. Of course after many ado they eventually end up in each other's weapons and all comes closer to predictable and pleasant. A little thing to move to the real but Gable and Stanwyck - two icons of the Golden Age - make it look! But the real meat on this DVD is the second thing - a wonderful and unknown little excuse called JEOPARDY. From the MGM in 1953 this is a very good gem movie that has never had one mark! Here Stanwyck has a wife of Barry Sullivan and a mother for their young son Lee Aaker on a holiday off a distant and distant Mexican strike when a sudden strike takes place. A lost wooden blow falls under Sullivan under heavy pylon and guess what? Yes, the wave is coming. Since it is not a visible soul and cannot provide himself with Stanwyck puts off the car for help. After driving a special distance alone can be asked to come from an escapee (Ralph Meeker) who - to return to his help - wants more from him than money or change clothes ("I will do anything to save my husband"). Isn't he? Meeker runs with pictures! He returns to the perfect brilliant performance! Once he comes to the film you can't take your eyes! The stylish style in the Brando style, strangely never did much work in the film. Although he gave the royal exhibition as a horse officer, the accused of shame in the mount of Mann / Stewart "Naked Spur" (1953) and as one of three French lost in Stanley Kubrick's power WW1 "Paths Of Glory" (1957) . The only true claim of popularity is like Mike Hammer in "Kiss Me Deadly" in Mickey Spillane "in 1955." His performance in the "risk" would have done wonders to them but had just worked in the film. He died in 1988. <br /> <br /> Because of this release "Danger" can now proudly take its right position as an ordinary person. An exciting, exciting and exciting thanks to the beautiful performances, a positive trend by John Sturges, the Monochrome Document of Victor Milner and the most beautiful scenery and Dimitri Tiomkin. Featured, however, does not appear to be great except for the "Risk" version and trailers for both movies. <br /> <br /> This disc is also part of Barbara Stanwyck's box to keep its centenary celebration. It is hard to believe that the woman would be over 100 years old if she was still near! <br /> <br /> JEOPARDY - MGM winner!
