Risk is a strong, effective, cutting off B but not a great production. It should be close to the experimental film, like a productive studio, Metro, was seeking to search for new types of films, stars and directors to compete with the new television station. Director, John Sturges, was a protestant whose years went on. He had just started a leading film, and had proved to be the most competent professional. Stars Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan and Ralph Meeker, were in a very different phase of their work. Stanwyck's glorious years were behind him, and he can still carry the film, as he shows here. Barry Sullivan, as her husband, was one of the twelve or leading men who started the film in the forty years who had not succeeded in many achievements. He was a good, young, powerful, but middle-class actor, which made him better in professional responsibilities. As a saved person who is the only one who can save the life of Sullivan (he is bound under a pier, and the wave is rising), Ralph Meeker is more powerful than usual. Excellent matches were unfortunate to come to the film after Brando and Clift. He was on the way as good as one of them, but he had no charisma. To negotiate with Stanwyck, which comes to her compulsory sex instead of saving her husband (just because, this is 1953), makes an amazing emphasis which, if this was a different kind of film, all can raise all kinds of questions interesting about the character of Stanwyck. Meeker is actually an exciting character than Sullivan; and in his case with Stanwyck lives more than he and her husband and son. But if this is a photograph of the form, not playing for Strindberg, the possibility that Stanwyck might want to want to have fling, - leaving it on the side of her husband, - is not yet recognized. In this sense, the incoming run does not have any effect that one might have wanted, though the movie remains very much thanks to the work, the beautiful photography photographs, close to all of the outside, and the good direction of the Lord who was standing so much. Sturges.
