When I started to be interested in movies, when I was eleven, I had a large list of "must see" the film and I would go to Blockbuster and rent two or three each weekend; some of them were not with all the spectators and my mother would go nuts. I remember one of the films on the list was "Line of Chorus" and can't get it; so now see it a real dream. <br /> <br /> Of course, I have lost a list and I would do anything to return because I think there were good interesting things there. I mean, take "Chorus Line", the subject game turned out to be a film. I know it's something that we see a lot of these days, but then it was a little different, it seems; and this film has something special. More music made the movie today, taking advantage of the camera that gives them for free, creating different situations and taking characters in a different place; "Chorus line" was born on a reminder point as playing and dying in one place as a movie. Tracking the major investigations conducted by Zach (Michael Douglas) of the identified choreographer, Richard Atenborough leads a large number of players when they try to get a job. Everything that happens to the same day: the uncomfortable tension, the problem of numbers, the competition competition between players? And it all happens at a point, where Douglas puts each dancer on the watch and makes them talk about their personal lives and their horrible experiences. There are hundreds of players and all of them are amazing, but they cause a decline as hours pass. <br /> <br /> Like the latest movie, "Prairie Home Help", radio show show, Atenborough here deals with the problem of continuing. On or behind the action, objects are going on, and when it doesn't seem to stop. Again, not like Atenborough cut a lot to this shot, but it really doesn't look like it; and yet it is a great job of leading and editing (John Bloom). But in that small step, what do you do with the camera? With just one set, Ronnie Taylor's movie finds a way, doing close to some characters, coming in and out, showing a step from a different perspective and also giving us a good view of New York. At the most important moment, Douglas tells those who are left: "Before you start to get rid of: you are all bright and I would like to hire you all, but I can't". This has made me think about the reality today, where the only thing that includes is a talent of singing or dancing and where the jurida always says real words to opponents before some of them leave (even if they are not good). It's hard, you must think; at least here, where both are very real. <br /> <br /> To tell some stories, characters use songs and, secondly, the action takes a new life and really is a 'dream come true'. Music by Marvin Hamlisch and lyrics by Edward Kleban makes the film a change of film without error, showing the feelings of these players and letting them perform these wonderful works with Michael Bennett. Book in the playground also becomes a bright and short screenplay with Arnold Schulman; which touches the most sometimes. So if it is not for the song it will have a word; but in the "Chorus Line", it is impossible to relocate. At the rest of the study exercise, Cassie, a special player who played with Alyson Reed, takes the initiative to influence Douglas's behavior that she can do. The words "let me dance for you" never believed more and put better in music and lyrics.
