This film was the first movie of the British youth to deal with the realities of the rock and the strength of the community, rather than the life skills of the 1950s. In an attempt to celebrate the work of the Junior Liverpool Junior Officers, the opening document shows that 92% of potential criminals, who have been treated under this program, have not committed a second offense. However, this becomes just an excuse for young people who followed up to the epilogue of the film where we should be instructed that we should not feel responsible or sorry for such criminals, however, they can be seen. Stanley Baker is making a hard detective who takes the opportunity to join the Youth Relations Officer. This hard-boiling character is the role of Baker. For now it is on the way of a notorious trader known as firefly and it is not recommended the excitement of the transfer. However, as in all the good dramas of the good police led back to the full cycle with the amazing changes of events, behind its preliminary observations. His first step takes him to the home of two young children, Mary and Patrick Murphy (played with a true sister and sister sister), who have committed a little robbery. Here he meets Cathie (with satisfaction shown by Anne Heywood) their great sister who eventually becomes romantic. It becomes evident that the basket of the local farms of the city is a breeding ground for childhood childhood. <br /> <br /> The older brother of the Murphy family, Johnny, is the leader of the rock and rock group hoodlums. McCallum turns to turn the eye as a child mixed with the United States, who owes more than Marlon Brando, than any British star. One is reminded of the behavior of Brando Johnny from 'Wild One' who led the cracking skin of the crash bikers in the same way as this 'Johnny' film leads his group. Thank you for the early preaching of Dearden's crime books such as 'Blue Lights' is not obvious. Instead we have been presented by several interested parties on both sides of the law as a criminal offender and romantic interest between Heywood and Baker takes forward. The program, sometimes predictable, provides certain scenes that do not remember. The influence of damaging that rock and rock music was thought to have occurred in the place where Johnny isolates himself from music, leading to an early attack of the police force. The most memorable piece of film however is a climate of a group of fearful children, including Mary and Patrick, are being kidnapped by gunpoint by Johnny. Obviously in the light of the actual killing of Dumblaine this area seems to be frightening. It is understandable because this film is often supplied or available to modern viewers.
