I disagree with one of the consultants who compared this film to the International Photo of the United States. Basil Deardon has directed a truly cruel film and honest efforts to show the revival of young people in the post-British war (but without the feeling of "Blackboard Jungle"). The art of the cinema was very good if it took the damage and isolation of a large house property. The property looks like an old prison. Stanley Baker was as good as a hard detective, restored to the division of the youth - "Quickly, fast - Larceny - five lollies iced" !!!! She sees she is a lot of joke. David McCallum showed that he was one of the top British talents of fifty years. (He had a different role in another film of Stanley Baker "Drivers of Hell"). His show of Johnny and fanatic following inspired was very scared. Ann Heywood was also very good as Cathie's stupid. I can't say there is a romantic love in it. Detective Jack Truman investigates a string of a man called "Firefly". As he finds evidence that can lead to effectiveness, he is sent to the Department of Youth - he is very excited and feels unworthy of police work. In the middle of all the matches gets his first phone - Murphy's six-year-old twins make a scandal in local lolly stores! Taking twins at home meets their brother, Johnny charismatic, and their angry sister Cathie. He begins to understand how life in the home ghastly can turn into small children into criminals. Since he is more involved with the family, he knows that there is a strong relationship between fire, Johnny and a Chinese boy who works for laundry. The local priest (Peter Cushing in the normal role, far from the Hammer threats) explains that when Johnny was the least he saved other people from the burning building and he was pronounced a hero. He wanted to restore the sense of importance and to be useful and feel he could by the light of the lamp. The siege of schools was done in a real way and the observer saw the fear of children - the teacher (just thinking about his own safety) runs and locks them in the room with a frightened gunman! I thought it was the best film that tried to show some social problems in the UK that came out after the war. Highly recommended.
