As a lot of the pilots of the series, the Dark Angel's application shows a combination of great potential and a little problem to get his own feet. Not that this is normal in any way, but there is a feeling that it would work well if the story was closed and focused a little more. In today's world where there is something that should not immediately disappear or erase the face, the series has emerged less than at least half, and all the guns are raging. The ninety-minute attempt feels like two events combined, and both events have a problem with a focus. In the first half, we are brought to Max and filled up on what drives him. We also get several interesting schedules with Max to use its capabilities to win pets, interact with PI, or select the problems of employees inside the staff. The problem here is that this is not unusual for anyone with a standard set of genes, on television or otherwise. <br /> It is when we beat the second half we get stories and purpose and focus. In two half, Max finds himself attentive to a pirate journalist who feels it is working in the life of saving the world by showing one dirty businessman at the same time. In the second half, the result gets him, and Max eliminates the pollution caused. This sets the premise for the entire series of series, and it works, but it doesn't work unless you get my meaning. It's like many pieces are there, but the couple who make the full picture are left out. Perhaps it is filled with later periods, but that's on the move. The fact is that the contents of this section could easily be told by twenty-eight minutes below. <br /> <br /> The end of the error is that a lot of cast help is not quite thoughtful. The original Cindy is particularly angry, and I doubt that it changed during the following two pieces. While acting is not as bad as daytime soap, it is not the same quality as I would like to do. Jessica Alba is not the worst in the world, but she comes short to consider when the story requires at least. <br /> <br /> The good news is that the foundation and values ​​of production are both the highest head. In fact, this series appeared to be very expensive to produce, and it is very unfortunate that it was deleted to be replaced by another show that did not last throughout the season. Especially when you had a lot of time for two performances - they could remove one of the trash pieces that did not fall under the real TV flag. The fact is that we need more displays like the Dark Angel, where ideas rather than overhype, are used to draw imagination. <br /> <br /> For all, I gave the Dark Dark Dark 7 out of ten. It does not give up on the level of television loss, and it has never had a chance to live according to the capabilities of the time it runs. But the possibility is there, and it is often something that is important where fighters are involved.
