A few years ago, U. Gold emphasizes the repeat of 'Men who Reject Evil' and hype: "Here it is, the initial cooperation of flat sitcom!". This was not true. 'Someone About the House' was also a sitcom of a flat sharing and running from 1973-76. It was a student of Johnnie Mortimer and Brian Cooke, the famous 'Father Father Father'. When it was over, they decided to want to do something more in those times. In the first period, Chrissy (Paula Wilcox) and Jo (Sally Thomsett) refer to their flat Myddleton Terrace following a wild party when they see someone in his bath. He is Robin Tripp (Richard O'Sullivan), a Southampton cooking student of non-permanent residence. When his clothes are crossed, they wear a women's coat and prepare them food. They are very eligible for his cooking skills that he invites to go. But it should not have a worthless business. So Robin pretends to be gay ... On B.B.C.-2's 'I Love 1973', shown in 2000, Julie Burchill claimed that 'House' showed him the way of life he wanted. He was not alone. One of the many images (for me, however) pictures of 'UK British TV was Sally Thomsett coming out of London Underground with parasites, and' blind 'man takes twice as much as his previous horns. The man who lived with the two girls was a matter of danger at the time, but Mrs. Mary Whitehouse did not need to get hot under the cola, it was guilty, a good nature of fun. Mortimer and Cooke's writings went as close as they could finish without crossing. <br /> Richard O'Sullivan was still playing 'Bingham' at I.T.V.'s 'In charge' doctor when this started. In fact, the second run for 'reimbursement' faces the first 'House'. Born to play Robin madness. Chrissy 'Paula Wilcox' was more than on the road than 'Beryl', her character played in 'Dear', while 'S' 'Sally Thomsett' Jo 'was a dizzy partner. When he was dressed, he was almost like a big brother. <br /> <br /> For many viewers, Brian Murphy and Yootha Joyce stole the show as a ropers to fight. George had lost interest in sex, but Mildred did not. They continued on their own show - known as 'George & Mildred'. Last Doug Fisher had a good value as a Robin's Friend wideboy Larry. He worked very well on a regular basis. Within the beginning of the year, there was an inevitable film. I'm not a big fan of the movie "Man About The House" because I think it was introduced to focus on the big screen. Many of its characters have never been seen in the series. The form was purchased in America, where it became the third long-term company around John Ritter and Suzanne Somers. It was more interesting than the British nature, and Somers often appear in sexy dress. After six seasons, 'House' ended with Chrissy marrying Robin's older brother (Norman Eshley). Fans were destroyed to see Robin fail to find the girl he loved, but there was some comfort for him that he also laid his own show - 'Robin' marriage.
