This is a small film, that's very special, and innovative, with a serious problem of conspiracy and good performances! All the characters are beautiful, and the story is wonderful, it's interesting and very interesting, with Nicole Kidman is just amazing in this! It is very difficult to describe this film, because it is quite strange, it is comedy / romance, one minute then turns into an exciting next, however it was still very entertaining, with the accent of the Russian Nicole was strange, and very persuasive. Chaplin and Kidman had a very good chemistry together, and I liked the performance of Vincent Cassel! The end was very beautiful, and unpredictable all over the world! You will be sympathetic to Chaplin and the way in which he has been injured, and I thought all the characters were very interesting, with a very fine finale. This is a Nicole movie though, and he carries with his extraordinary performance! This is a small film, that's very special, and creative, with a great problem of conspiracy and incredible performances!, I highly recommend this! The direction is very good !. Jez Butterworth makes a very good job here, with a good camera function, a stable horn and a film to fast speed! Working is amazing !. Nicole Kidman, it's very strange, and it's as wonderful as ever, she is so wonderful, very interesting, had one of the most cool accents, added a great presence, had a very good chemistry and Ben Chaplin, and had a very strange character. ! , he was wonderful. (Kidman Code !!). Ben Chaplin is good here, he is very good, he had a good character, he had a very good chemistry and Kidman, the only thing I didn't like was to give up his anger on Kidman, even though he did it wrong, and I loved how he retaliated at the end! Vincent Cassel is as wonderful as the great woman, who was OTT, but was very intense and very often, this responsibility was perfect for her. Mathieu Kassovitz is the same here, but he didn't have much to do. Some of the cast are well. In general I recommend this! *** 1/2 out of 5
