This movie has awakened me, as it stimulates the male main character of this bold film from his life sleep. This man John (Ben Chaplin) leads his safe life of an advertiser in a small English town town, even a beautiful girl, wild, girl-dying for Nadia (Nicole Kidman) ), an email order from Russia, comes into his life as his beloved wife, and the plan of Johns. However the glitch turns up - Nadia can not speak the word of John. Despite the stability and sensitivity, John is so impressed by Nadia's goodwill that instead of using the full refund policy, he buys a dictionary to start the communication process. What is happening now in a conspiracy really stimulates John's poor due to his inexperienced paid-paid clerk in a decision-making decision, and giving the viewer a low message "you could do the same. " Kidman, Cassel & Kassovitz makes a great team to do Russians and they are almost distinguishing from the real thing, "almost" just due to the current emphasis on their Russian discussion, however little bit enough Russian natural and hard work has made you find the words of the same sound. Nicole Kidman confirms her talent once again by playing a completely different character and original responsibilities, at least from cultural history. The film's speed is fast and stimulating, and indeed there is already a stop to watch when the last names appear, but instead of feeling you are in the middle of the plot, and you are striving to see the player coming out . <br /> <br /> My advice is to go out and get this film once and watch it and enjoy it. In general, it has an odd plot, good acting, and thought under the face. As the idea of ​​"wake up rude" due to the normal life of the wheel on the Society's machine, the lives of members of the Fight Club were interested in stopping with the machine that Pink Floyd is singing ("Welcome to the machine!"). I beta that at the end, John was away from Sophia on their way to unknown than did not meet him even. <br /> <br /> Thank you, authors, for good news, and everyone for this beautiful movie! Please do good! And you can reinforce whereever with any location name, because the validity of the place is worthless by 99.9999 percent of potential audience, I am sure.
