Scots supports in the story. Traditional varieties. Many years after the incident, I can still see my eye of an old woman, a friend of my friend, returning to Culloden's war. He makes the characters come alive. His desire is the eye-eye. One of the events in the hedges of miles or so from where he lives. In fact, it happened many years before birth, but you can't think of the way he tells you. The story is told in the length and width of Scotland. As I discussed with a friend one night in Mallaig, the local ward to offer his offer. The discussion continued time-consuming. Past stories like this have become part of our lives. Who does not remember the stories our parents told us when we were children? They become our invisible world. And, when we are older, perhaps you still serve as an inspiration or emotional reserve. The fact and fiction combines with expectations, role models. Warning stories. Archetypes. Magic and Mysteries. "My name is Aonghas, as my grandfather and grandfather before him." Our main character identifies himself. And it also creates a story that goes back to generations. It generates stories in the story. Stories that show incredible scores of Scotland, its rocky mountains are full of dirt. Story stories. However Seachd has come from the truth. This gives its special charm. It has a bright beauty and authenticity, you deserve and some of the most beautiful Gaelic singing you will hear. Aonghas (Angus) returns to his grandfather in hospital shortly before his death. He screams and frustrates. His part desires to be in the twenty-first century, to walk in Glasgow. But he is raised from the west coast between the Gaelic speaking community. However there is a greater crisis in it. He desires to know the truth. The truth behind the old stories of his grandfather. Where does the false end go? And she wants to know the truth behind the death of her parents. He is offered to make the last terrible journey, at one of the most impoverished mountains of Scotland. What? Can truth be told? Or is it in the story? In this story about the story, we repeat the blood battle, the lovers of toxins, the ancient wheat and sometimes more than the story of acceptance. To do this, we all join with Angus, as he lives the story of his own life. Seachd: Pinacle is unlikely it is a trustworthy, disrespectful and realistic film of Scotland. As Angus, I was very angry with the pretext of hanging stories in more stories. But, as well as Angus, I forgot once I saw a 'big picture'. Forget pastiche the box-office of Braveheart and as it is. You can even dramatize the known Wicker Man. To see a film that is true for Scotland, this may be unique. If you think about it in detail, you can even rethink the power of writing the story, and the old question that there is some truth that cannot be told but you have only experience.
