I would highly recommend this film! And I certainly will personally recommend to my friends and family here and abroad! It was anticipated excitement, that I just ordered it online, I was so happy! Not outside until February / March 2008, but it will be worth waiting! But first go see it on the movie if you can. Nothing like Cinema's experience of films made by movies! Emphasize that your local movies sets! I went to see 'Seachd, Pinacle Inaccessible' this night, down here in London, and it was a real feeling. It is amazing: a very good film placed on Scotland Mountains: you will laugh, cry, you will be moved in a different way, you will be loved, and if the story in the story has been revealed, you will be amazed at that revelation. This video is located in Gaelic of Scotland and English subtitles, but don't let that stop you if you are a Gaelic speaker: I am just beginning, and my son does not, nor many people there tonight, and never lost it any way! Superlatives are not enough! Photography is the best - no CGI here, and the movies are better for it - here you have a real picture! Script is written well and clearly. Many clothing patterns beat the magic art of ancient artists. Music sometimes raises, sometimes haunting, but always enhances the atmosphere of the atmosphere. And acting? ... is to see ... and actors? ... the true integrity of this beautiful but deep film, especially two chief actors, 'Padruig-the-young' and 'Padruig-the-elder' (Bard really, if there was!), Who both carried the load very heavy! And Trends? Check out Richard! And Producer, responsible for raising funds, employing key personnel, and planning for distributors? Work has done well! I hope that you will ensure that the distribution goes to our communities abroad! And the Gaelic community? Uzza, without you could not happen! We were told that this film was done on a small budget, but you don't know, and I think it might be because, why they could not have money, more than pretending to be rich in heart, and warmth and social cohesion of Gaelic's Scotland community. Thanksgiving for all involved in making, and sponsoring, for 'Seachd' - Mòran taing! (Many thanks!) From Gaels to the World! From Earth to Gael!
