9/11 is a typical example of a movie verification, a kind of true document, in this case of New York firefighters as they are fighting the most wonderful events of world history. It is all small, non-brain video cameras, which are used by hand, often being ratified by a limited number of multiple images (and by the director, Naudet's hand deletes multiple screens). In this film, you know many hot people - Tony Benatatos, rookie (or 'probie', host of NY fire), King of Fire Joseph Pfeiffer (who sees his brother later) and a few others. There is a studio interview with many of these people in all films, to emphasize personal nature, of thinking of events. The building is very large and well-designed, especially for the passing ceremony at the Fire Department, and a few passages used extensively by the type of small film editing (such as Rob Reiner's Men Good Few). Tony seems to be proud. The view and common camera comes from the center of the firefighters, which is interesting and there are more beautiful pictures from within the WTC1 lobby when Pfeiffer and his team plan what to do next - this is the veriti of the movie ethnicity. There is also eery, the sound of the body's frequent smell of the human crack against the external portico. So it is that the Great Prince of Fire Pfeiffer has increased that he knows his job is desperate and perhaps will not be optimistic - and this is before WTC2 fall. You should give credit to Naudet for knowing the film faces and when. The WTC2 collapse of the neighborhood is very sad, hurt and horrible that you realize this problem is for people of fire. From the lobby, it seems, hears and looks like the end of the world and the poorest of the fire seems to be so surprised and frightened. You hear the tremendous tremors, trembling - like that of the big animal, the monolithic animal falling down after being wounded to death - the neighboring tower has fallen but the remaining fire team in WTC1 does not know this incident. Where are the contacts? This video is interesting but this information is normal and should be avoided - cues as' this was like no other 'or Naudet words as often as' you can see fear in everyone's eyes' and' I knew Tony was free '! Film is really just one long video. There is no image from above on the building where some firefighters have gone. Imagine this film is connected to CCTV images from other top rooms or some news coverage from the day. The effect will be greater. You can even combine this story with that of Mayor Giuliani and, perhaps, the famous Cornishman Rick Riscorla who actually had many floors on acting hero. <br /> <br /> I don't see a lot of propaganda feature in this film, as some experts suggest. This film is not the Victory of Love, and Riefenstahl. Sometimes the people of the fire take the American flag on a neighboring building, which continues to look at what was Ground Zero. Why? <br /> <br /> There is also a certain dubious camera function; for example, who holds the camera when two Naudet brothers are reunited at the fire station? What? It's finished? <br /> <br /> There is a better finish, much in the contract of good director of French Alain Resnais (Hiroshima mon amour), with two pieces of light visible in the water, shimmying.
