In general this document on a few words is almost impossible. Each fiber of your body tells you that this does not do the same from a collection of quick pictures, through the last cancellation of the Apartment Zero, but every shape is real. The story was considered by two French brothers living in New York. Jules (28) and Gideon (31) Naudet (called "Nau-day") want to make a document on New York City fire fighters, starting with "newbie" from school and following him through a nine-year period of exercise for a full-time fire runner. Seeking the help of their close friend, actor James Hanlon (36), actor and hot fire at the Center 1, 7 engine, Naudets blowing through "Probies" on campus and getting one, Tony Benetakos focus on the bulk of their documentation on. Tony becomes a shadow of joke and learns slowly ins and life life of the facility through members of this close family. Fire fighters have superstitions about "Probies." It is that they are "White Clouds" or "Black Clouds," which means the end, the fire of all forms "Probie." The former means that a very small activity of fire follows, but one day, there will be a mother of all fire. Tony is "White Light." After the initial growing pain, Tony gets into a hot fire as if he was a seasoned vet. Then the unexpected happens ... <br /> <br /> September 11, 2001 begins with a clear blue sky and early call going to see about the gas needed to leak away from Wall Street. Because Jules has had little experience with the camera, Gideon gives the camera to his younger brother and tells the ride and the chief, T. K. Pfeiffer. By 8:42, fire fighters are using their gas detectors on the net. Then a sudden voice of what appears like a plane under a plane crashed in the area, and as Jules climbs up, we see the first strike of the day. American Airlines Flight 11 faces the face of the North Tower of World Trade 1. Pfeiffer commands his men in the fire engine and leads to the World Trade Center. Once there, Jules asks to accompany the Great inside the tower. Pfeiffer tells Naudet connected with him. Once inside, the full impact of the catastrophic disaster begins to show on the faces of men whose sole purpose is to save lives. Gideon Naudet decides to stop the fire and walk on the scene of impact. Once there, he takes the effect of a second flight, United Airlines Flight 175, and 2 World Trade. He knows Jules includes Great Pfeiffer inside towers. Looking and catching answers to the groups of people unthinked, Gideon begins to capture on the tape increasingly in Manhattan's Lower. Within one tower, Jules writes the final view of the world, or loved ones will have their sons, fathers, uncle, grandparents, husbands, boys, friends, as once, every fire, carrying 60 lbs of equipment begins to grow long up The 80 stories rescue the injured and trapped. Jules also takes a final view General Pfeiffer will have his brother, Kevin, when he stops his volunteer work. Also caught on the video is the sound of the fall of falling bodies that blow the pitch from the victims to choose to jump from the upper floors on the impact areas, earlier than the face of death on the hands of fire and smoke. But Jules is decent, never never finds a sensationalistic ... money shot. His work is professional through his baptism of fire. It also gets eyes of dirt falling from two towers after being hit by a second plane and a path that ordered fire fighters to rescue civilians from the building. Then Jules is found in the fall of the southern tower and the first defendant is taken: Father Michael Judd, Pastor of the fire department. Then as Jules and Director Pfeiffer are doing their way due to the collapse of the two tower, one tower begins to fall in structures. The result is a pleasant view, from within the Zero Ground as Jules and Gideon are working differently to write that day. I do not know whether it is alive, everyone who fears the worst. As every refugee fire comes to the flames, they greet each other with joy. And at one time of strong emotions, Jules and Gideon are reunited. As Jules cried over his brother's shoulder, Gideon hugs his younger brother like Hanlon making them the creators of the film. There is one time of horror when Tony Benetakos, who came from the center and the former head, is believed to have been lost ... but returns to the string, this "Probia" has proved himself. The only three-fold, 9/11 is a wonderful achievement in film writing. It comes up with the pictures of Hindenburg in display history as it reveals. Naudets should be grateful for their care of the concept. In a few hands, the attitude appears towards feeling, but Naudets reduces their eyes with respect and compassion. Speaking by Hanlon, we get to feel in his words as he does the audience through the events of September 11. Robert De Niro attends the program in a narrow, blocked way. He never searches for the camera for his own glory, instead sets the events that he is about to see. I also thank CBS for their courage during this special fight. They were beaten with their attempt to vote, reducing their edges towards the feelings of those who died. This must be seen by anyone who needs to be reminded of true courage. It's not about the basketball, or selling the album of hate lyrics ... 9/11 is about humanity for the better. Brave for good conditions and cost of freedom. <br /> <br />
