It is true that you remember all the time you do during a disaster or disaster. And no more to September 11, 2001, the date that changed the global environment in its war against terrorism. No, this document has not been set to events leading up to 9. / 11. Instead, filmmakers, brothers Gédéon and Jules Naudet, began to make a document on trials and torture of New York fire fighters. They went to college and did some training trips, and they chose their "proby" (pilot bomber) to join them in NY's fire, home to Ladder 1 and 7 engine. But their production was promoting and having time, believed that The only shooting of the first flight in the World Monitoring Center. I was coming back with a friend on a train from the night of LAN gaming, and I got a phone around 850pm during an hour from my father, who told me about the above. A few minutes later, he told me there was another, and that the WTC was under attack. When I got home, the top floor of the twin towers was burning and in smoke, and in my fear, it fell, under an hour. The filmmakers had two cameras running that day, one who had followed the team out of the normal call, and which immediately run to WTC on hearing and seeing the plane crash in it. We follow what is possible only a sequence of events in the WTC1 lobby where the first participants of fire fighters, physical assistants, and police were supposed to know what happened, and rapidly develop the action plan. Another camera, held by another brother, was doing the way to the WTC to look for his brother, and during the trip, captured many words of New Yorkers, with a sense of chaos and around Manhatten. <Br /> <br /> You have stumbled on this document are a lot of interviews with men from Ladder 1 and 7 engine, which for a miracle, had no pain. But being victims also brought her a set of psychological problems, since they are struggling to come up with this competition. Through the events that happen, we learn about the strong relationship between these men who are vulnerable and every day in their work, to save lives. We started with what the document should be, before the events of the day that came into place and became a target, until the rescue phase where the hope of finding victims under the shelves was kept alive by men working all the time based on the The fallen iron. It is not a produced film, and what you see here cannot be reproduced in any other document (and heaven, not a Hollywood blockbusters sound). It's almost like you can reach that day, witness the event nearby, from security. The DVD code 1 has an extra variation of 4 sets of interviews with men of Ladder 1 and 7 engine.
