Wonderful Documentary has taken all the chaos and pain that has mounted on NYC on the same morning of the 11th of September. Very interesting, personally, and with a very riveting, 9/11 is perhaps the greatest documentary ever made by accident, which kind of offers more appeals. Until this morning, the film's filmmakers Gideon and Jules Naudet were following close to New York's team of fire fighters, focusing on a new recruitment in a small piece of fire they shot and addressing good training to fire. Outside the team that the morning movie is still clearing easily, Jules raises his camera up to heaven only when recording one of the only known photos of the first flight of the World Trade Center, and from there is a much easier document. The viewers are given the first account of what was like to be in and around the ground, as an amazing group of fire fighters and one of the most fun attempts to respond to the journey to deal with this tragedy. Without hesitation, Naudet follows these heroes who emerged directly into the tower with all its support around them. The sudden fear of an unknown punishment is approaching more effectively then any false production can focus on when we look down and down to be heard and visible to those who come in. Almost as memorable is the great clan of Gideon's brothers to capture the whole city in large groups of fear and more than to fear then anything they were combined with testimony. When we see the fall of the second tower, as the camera is protected by apocalyptic debris, we should all just clean the dirt from the amazing pictures up to the next. The film artists deserve only a great credit if they were in a good place when writing this amazing event, although one can only invite two brothers to deal with the incredible event; in just a few minutes we are witnessing that as the people of the fire they write - rather than save the life they knew they should save the picture, even if it gave them their own security. After seeing 9/11, and seeing that it happened in 2002, I feel more angry with the recent example of Oliver Stone, a big business world trade. Many had criticized the film by carefully observing those who survived the problem, and although I enjoyed the only beautiful movie with a little goal brought, all 9/11 but allows its film to be completely impossible. It is not just a continuous picture that develops to be a special collection from that day, but the massive transfer of the midway purposes ensures that this document has the heart and all the habits needed to never edit the event again.
