I was one of many people who expected to see the glory, of Yankee-doodle dody showing the days that (as easily known) should live in destruction, rather than glory. I was very wrong. These guys were there, in the middle, and the pictures that they returned are amazing and amazing. And yet it all happened on a trip to the world trade center on September 11, 2001. It was a two-story French fraternity that included a document about life as a fire provider, especially from a young perspective The little come up through the array. At first we see a lot of this picture, just to remind us that there was no thought of producing films about terrorism. This was intended to be a film on ordinary people to get honest life to help others, and the beauty of the film is that it never loses this edge. <br /> <br /> When checking the line of the suspect's gas (I think, my little hazy memory on that), we hear hearing a bird flying high. Camera cameras to unveil a commercial plane emerging on one of the towers. What should cameraman have thought about this time? Recognizing the importance of the camera image stays, and perhaps recognizing one thing, FDNY allows the camera to follow within the building. What is next is a true view from the front lines. We see the FDNY promise, their effect (quietly after hearing the first fall of their death is cool) with the fall of one of the buildings from within, while the second camera takes events from the outside. If it was not for the horrible incident they hid, the image alone would have been a dream of a real doco-maker. Just the same, the footage should be stored at all times. But what exactly put this film off is the real humanity that brings it to the viewer. We see fire fighters joining without hesitation, people of different societies help to escape with fingers and even the worst of the film partners (they are brothers) if they can't reach into chaos. There are amazing sights and mythical stories in this film, something of Hollywood can't never repeat (even if it is trying). <br /> <br /> 9/11 is not a film about politics. Nor is it a film about religion, nationality or even struggling for it. 9/11 is a film about people, and the true signs of the best and the worst we can. 9/11 is just one of the most important films I ever saw, and it would be the only film of birth from the event if it was over me. You can't repeat this.
