Highly entertained and cast to the stellar, the best script, and the firm established on the 1950s. At that time, RKO was taking a classic night with several. But whatever the value of those who had decreased, they showed a state of war at the fastest time to provide a sunny solar eclipse of Eisenhower. The last short films at the end of 40 years are more than a night or more nightmare involving the next decade of consumers than this small comedy. Jim Blandings (Cary Grant) works as an advertiser on Madison Ave. where in her words little daughter - sells things to people who do not need, at prices that they can not afford. He makes good money, but like thousands of others, tired of living in the "cave" of the city. So, with Myrnah Loy's wife, he kills the house after their dream house in Connecticut's country. Needless to say, in the hands of nature, they get more than they negotiate and through hilarious. <br /> <br /> There is a difficult line without living in the entire script. I don't know if the Panama writers and Frank received Oscar, but they should have. Of course, humor circles all the problems that pop-up when the city builds a big house on rural land. These temperatures run as quickly as loans, and all forms of operation that run the construction of the construction and provide a difficult Grant. Of course, no one is more oppressive or more frustrated than the Grant, so it is only one laughter well set after another, especially when the closet locked seems to have an infernal mind itself. However, the odd, the film seems to have no high comedic rate. Instead laughter is kept too far from the skills that do not peak at a certain point. That's the true victory of the film for any era. <br /> <br /> Reaching 60 years later, we can see how the script thought to look forward rather than back. With their surviving maid, Blandings can be a typical American family, but the post-war migration from a few cities to the neighboring region was common. And what a delightful work is to buy coming than Blandings as "ad-man" given to find ways to sell more "ham". More than anything, however, there is a sunny hope. Of course, the feeling falls sometimes, but the belief that the future is on the horizon if only Blandings looks at their dreams. In fact, life would continue to improve many people during their growth, so I expect the film was highly recommended by the audience of that day. It is that the most visible subtext, with the value of the target entertainment, which makes this film a significant declaration of the comedy period of war after the war. So, if you haven't seen, touch it next time.
