My friend had bought this document and invited me to look at him. He from China and just heard so much on 9/11 and wanted to know the hard real hard and wanted me to tell him more after the documentary. I felt sad to see this document, it was like to dream and still brings tears to my eyes. But I am very grateful that I looked at this document, because on September 11, I am sure we all remember when we had what we did when we heard it, we can all think only some questions: "Why?" "How?", "What is going on?", "O, my God!". Almost all Americans were grateful for the brave and police fighters who risked their lives to save others. But I don't think we have been thinking about what they were really going to. This did not think that about 9/11, the camera was photographing a typical day at work and they just happened to be two units away from the World Trade Centers and getting everything, out and inside, on tape. On September 11th, I thought "It's okay, the police and motorists will save the survivors." Being honest, I thought it was an accident, I was in my younger school high school and was turned from the gym and prepared to go to my science class. Someone came to the locker room shouting "Some of the building was just bombed in New York!", We all wore fast and we rushed to our classes when we looked at the first tower on TV. Not only 15 seconds later they live on a TV that a second plane falls at the World Trade Center and we knew this was not an accident. A few minutes later, when we heard about the Pentagon and that there was a flight headed to Chicago but it was shot. Many ideas came through our heads and I thought, "What will fire fighters and policemen do?". But it is their way to them I thought, they will know what to do. The first tower fell, we knew, many lives now gone, the second tower was hit, things will never be the same. The traders in this document showed courage, confusion, and power, real human feelings. They didn't know what to do, they were just like other people in the towers. They heard the bodies descending down from the people flying out of the windows. And here I was in class and we saw all that happened on TV. I was surprised by this film and I wanted to go to New York and tell them how grateful to all Americans for their help. I know they feel they were just doing their job, but they did more, they were heroes. Every day after September 11th for 3 weeks they continued digging to know that there were no survivors, but they continued to trust and pray. God bless their hearts of courage and courage. For my partner was crying and this confession was her first cry in these attacks. He had to see the truth of what happened that bad day. He asked "Why?". I didn't know what to say, it breaks my heart that people can be bad. "It looks clique ', but it was a common day for everyone" one of the fire people said in a document. No one expected this to happen. Not so, those people at the World Trade Centers or the Pentagon or the airplanes were allocated, they were just doing their job, being there, or even just existed for a second time. They were not just killed, murdered, and robbers did so with song in their heart. Then see in the Middle East all the people are celebrating, why do people do it? They kept death and lost: mother, father, sister, brothers, friends, grandparents, grandmother, aunt, cousin, etc. Why? Therefore, thanks to these people for making this document. In fact you think about fire fighters, police, and Iraqi soldiers and hope that there are good people in the world. Thank you for all those people, you are our heroes. <br /> <br /> 10/10
