According to the beginning of a young child, years after the Second World War saw the abnormal migration of Americans out of their urban apartments to the suburbs where they could fulfill their dream of owning their homes. Directed by H.C. Potter and co-written by Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ("White Christmas"), this lightweight but amazing amazing 1948 screwball comedy captures the feeling of that very well. Of course, it helps to have a trio of farceurs expert? Cary Grant, Myrna Loy and Melbyn Douglas especially old? guide the case with their usual skills in response to the increase in home ownership disputes. Although the movie is sixty years old, there is an infinite quality of time for Blandings' dreams and the obstacles they face in making it. Indeed, Hollywood thinks since it has been caused at least twice - first as the physical comedy of Tom Hanks, 1986 "Pit Pit" and last year with Ice Cube's "Are We Happened Yet?". One view of the HGTV program schedule will show you how the situation is translated here will still be available. <br /> <br /> The program begins with the man of ad Jim Blandings, his wife Muriel and their two daughters have entered the two bedroom Manhattan apartment. Instead of embarking on the idea of ​​Muriel to fix the apartment for $ 7,000, Jim sees a picture of Connecticut's home in the newspaper and knows this is where they need to move. With the help of a real estate agent and contrary to the advice of their friend and family lawyer Bill Cole, Blandings decides to buy a house of ramshackle in large quantities requires repair. However, the basic sags are so bad that the house requires a burst of favor of the new. This plays Blandings to push the architect to create a large house that the second floor is as big as the first. The cost increases for all new problems, flare tempers, and even a romantic triangle is considered between, Jim, Muriel and Bill. The ultimate priorities make themselves but not before the screens of funny slapstick and clever dialogue that change the unpleasant ignorance to new home owners. It twice takes it to the delivery of the wrong line, grants is not suitable for this kind of farce, and Jim Blandings causes its internal characters in the middle of the work. In the original role focused on Irene Dunne, Myrna Loy shows why she was the perfect wife of Hollywood. It doesn't get a lot of funnier line, but it combines its special mix of birds and beauty to enable Muriel its own character. Look at his most famous house painting with his amazing color idiosyncratic color. Like the avuncular Bill, the pipe-cigarette ("Cole Bill Bill"), Melvyn Douglas shows its natural state, easy to go as a foil of Grant. The small responsibilities are filled with the skills and the most memorable shifts by Harry Shannon as a good Laconic pastor Mr. Tesander, Lurene Tuttle as Jim's assistant to Maria, and Louise Beavers as the famous pastor of Gussie Blandings. The 2004 DVD offers yields of yield yields including two movie versions - the first edition of 1949 which ended the integration of Grant and Dunne and then connecting the second version of 1950 to give its player Betsy Drake of time the same. The most suitable 1949 paper, "Tomorrow's House", also includes giving us a beautiful home of future dream. The original showcase of the ten categories of Grants films complement the surplus.
