Japanese Tomo Akiyama of Keko Mask (1993) is a very enjoyable film and is very happy to see! There are also some sequels, but I haven't seen since these films are rare hyper. Some kind of re-releases one day will be good since I think many lovers of garbage would like these films. The language in cheer story is about a very strong school that teachers think is right to persecute students to get discipline, which is according to teachers, the most important thing in education. School is dominated by looking for an amazing (just look at the costume!) Man witch / whatever, who is like a headmaster in school, and adds only to the barrier that does not explain why he is wearing clothing as well as all other teachers dressed in size. The main thing about the film is his name, Keko Mask, who is a good fairy and masked, who comes always to save girls and students who are persecuted and tortured by teachers! Yes, this superheroine is one of the best female as she captures and fights evil teachers and completely cheesy soundtrack play background. The most important thing is, of course, that you wear anything but cape and mask with all its naked body! His identity is not disclosed in these films, and also attributes "Keko Mask: Unknown" when the names of the actors are listed! The most hilarious thing in this film is how Keko Mask kills his enemies. He has a good, but it's a feminine vagina! Yes, you read the same. He kills his victims by flying in front of the air, spreading his feet and leaving the enemies to be suddenly sick, and then jumps around and hit their neck with his feet! The last line of ordinary characters say in this film is: "I've never seen a woman as good" and "Now I can die in peace." This film is quite good! <br /> There are also some great taunts towards the Japanese community for example his view on sex in the film (Japanese censers optically mist / blur all pubic hair in any film) and also about other barriers between school students (like girls and The boys were not allowed to speak on this film etc. There is one large area that one nerd sees a girl who knows — what for the first time, and says "Hey no fog in it!" I couldn't help but laugh at this scene as I thought what Japanese monitors think on this. Also, one character says at the end of his return, if Japanese movies allow to do good. I am glad to be allowed if I have heard the sequels are very similar. One must include the Blues brothers (yes, those of the Blues brothers!) Inside it. This is a garbage in its pleasant, funniest and sensible form and so it is a little embarrassing to these films. hard to find. This will definitely have a greater experience, if it would be more quickly moving as often as it became a little boring for one step, but fortunately those groups are very few. This film seems to be completely trusted because there are so many trash that I haven't come here and it wasn't even necessary to tell them all here. If you would like movies and films made in language at a very cheek, I think you would like this little gem like me, and the director is definitely a professional in this field! 8/10 Maybe the only film that feminine spells is this danger?
