I paid this movie in spite of the lowest, because I wanted to see how the workers can promote the presence of many worlds. In fact, they did not - at least, so it seems. Some seem to have come to reject instead of movies - yes, many of the viewers think. However, the surprise comes at the end, and unfortunately then, when perhaps most of the audience has already left this movie. I was also surprised when I saw that the Brazilian-Portuguese name of this movie means "Travel to Death". This is a spoiler. That movie is about a little girl who goes alone on this boat (for reasons that are not quite known), you only understand in the last 5 minutes. When you start the movie with the English "Haunted Store" head on your head, you think it is clear that the occurrences of amazing figures are "ghosts". But in fact, this film is not the same as many movie screens given from the view of a remote-observer writer who can vary at any time between different levels of truth, it comes from a young girl's perspective. We see him not only, but with four friends because SHE sees them. We don't see that he alone. Therefore, the parallel world is not the events of the come into the image, but the main story! We have at least two worlds similar: The world in which the girl is and the world where 4 friends are. The third entry of the world is probably a young medical expert who comes for a short time on a boat. I cannot undermine the deep belief that for this movie, filmmakers "mislead" a few thousand people by empowering them to believe that what they did is more than a sophomore film student to quickly describe "chosen" pseudo actors who met last night before. The start of shooting throw after at least twelve dozen. What a person can be wrong! But with a great surprise that one learns only in the last minute, the next end gives another surprise. The girl is saved by the crew at the helicopter and other boats. When he has escaped from his shock, he comes back to the port where he climbed the boat with four friends. And there it is again! They surround them from a boat that has already taken to shore. It jumps into the water, comes to the boat - and they are off. Miraculously beautiful. Remembering a little to the end of the poem by the author of Rhetoromance: When I woke up, I saw a death on my bed. But I closed my eyes. When I opened them again - she was gone.
