This series can be the best Britcom ever, and it says a great deal, based on competitors (Fawlty Towers, Good Neighbors, with just two names). <br /> <br /> What made Butterflies better, even better, is that it was not just an example of a great, classic, classy and intelligent comedy, but also to expand horizons, meditation - without precision, gently, and every detail - A major social change that occurred in the UK at a time. <br /> <br /> I remember watching this show as a boy and being afraid of everything on it. The life shown was amazing itself. This was the first time I saw real people using mobile phones without a string. And the clothes of all the garments were all out of the seven-year-old clothes that were still seen in North America at the time. Then there were decors, shop limits, cars. These people - even children involved, and their philosophy of life and humor of epigramm - were modern. They were an example of "New Europeans" who will have an impact on life and style around the world in 1980s. In fact, the premise was wonderful and wonderful. The idea that a man who lived in a dream town could be concerned and rest was a revolution, especially in North America whose happiness was always defined as money and things (certainly the situation was shown on American movies and TV, but not by the power of Butterflies or Montenegro movie). And, if the premise was not surprisingly enough, the way that was released picked up to the extreme. What is not true about sex, or even love? Waterworms upset many, but they must leave some people blowing their talent for unbelief ... at the same time. The water sores were contained in many ways - prophecy. It is written, before its time - after the modern, all life spreading, the concept of emotional loyalty, and the rejection of the generation and the absence of male (fully shown by the father-pain relations). It is so bad this series has never been found in a great way, and all those involved were given credit to create a snapshot for a certain time and place, and see every slickness and angst which was coming.
