First of all, I must say that I have made the mistake of looking at the Films outside the sequence. I say unfortunately, because after seeing the first 2 Elections, the choice seems a bit of desire. Both films are epster gangster that is similar in form. And when Elections are a favorite piece of movies ... it's not just the same as it was. <br /> In the first phase of the Elections, we are shown two competitors for the Chair; Big D and Lok. After a few discussion of the “Uncle” about who should have the position of Chairman, they (almost united) decide that Lok (Simon Yam) will help three. It should say this does not work well with the opponent D (Tony Leung Ka Fai) and in an attempt to persuade them to take, Big D takes two brothers to get a board of choice on his side. This has a negative impact and leads triads into all external battles. Lok has decided to be chairman but will not be formal until he gets "Dragon Head Baton", the representation of the Chair's equipment. The current chairman, Whistle (Chung Wang) has hidden the coast somewhere in China and the race is about to see who can get it first. Most movies offer to restore Baton. Since all the leaders who are looking for have to look for the concepts and other parties, which lead to one of the most obvious events in the Elections, which includes a player called Jet (Nick Cheung), Machete, and many bad people. Nick Cheung's presence is a good grab to say at least ... I wonder if this director called Johhnie By any way while making a second Election, since he offers more of the Jet character in the same series. When Nick Cheung gives the area of ​​stealing performance, I don't have to give up from other film actors. Elections have a large-scale seminar and thought-provoking exhibition. Simon Yam is an ordinary man of glory and the film also benefits from HK heavyweight actors like Louis Koo, Tony Leung Ka Fai, and Suet Lam who cares less. There is really no weak links in acting and one can easily believe that they look at the real gangsters. Though the exhibition is great, one of the most interesting things about Elections is the eye of Johnnie To for the camera. There are some surprising shots in the film and it goes without saying that He really knows how to create his shots, as the viewer is taken on a series of creative and brilliant cameras. All that makes the Elections, above all, is a very good film. My issues and films occur mainly outside of the amount of characters involved with Elections. It gets a little hard to follow because the film is full of characters that are not important to the plot. When the pastor builds more focus on two candidates, the first Election provides a general election process and tons of men, prisoners, and police officers around the story. Perhaps the film would have worked well if it had been a long time and a lot of volunteer time within the Triad, or as Johnnie's Director would have been funded by the most important things and explained them more. Low-Line All-in-all, this is a brutal filthy film with a great focus, excellent direction, and entertainment entertainment that closes the punch. It's a bit more difficult than needed to be.
