It may be a little wrong to open a review by describing the film in the case of other films, but I think it's the best way to give the importance of the place The choice is in the bandster type field. It works somewhere between the Papasa of God and the Yakuza Cartoon of the Yakuza Papers (AKA Wars without Respect and Humanity), for at the same time it is romanticized and true, dark and feeling. But it's also Johnnie's film For the film, and as it takes a different touch to the author of Hong Kong. Every two years HK Triad appoints a new boss. At this time only one of the candidates is very unhappy with its results and so she decides to take things with her own hands to surprise with some of the Triads and the police. That's a brief story but make sure that it has much more to go to it than that. As in the Yakuza Pope, there is a great deal of planning, going back and making and changing trust (sometimes all it takes is a phone - in one of the most memorable events that I have seen in recent times) which may not have to do for A detailed game but makes for a conspicuous plot with a good character character. Gangster traders like to be aware of the issue. Elections are not as the direction of action as a person can expect; though it is violence. And I'm not talking about a sudden, the exciting version of Hollywood abuse. This is dark and bad. The camera stays in the cases of injured people in ways that reveal humanity and adultery of criminals and victims; after all violence is an important part of us if we like or not. If you know the style of, then you should know what to expect. Inputs are very small and deliberate. Style is beautiful, solid and dark for the same action, using black hues (brown, dark green and orange) when smooth track shots enhances good quality for them. At the end, Election takes place in the only place. Not exactly the behavior of the behavior and not the gangster-led film. It examines the situation (its choice and results), but it does so in a fashionable manner, and it is realistic and romantic (the Triad ceremony with the eastern godfather).
