We cannot deny that Hak Se Wui (Election in English) is a well-thought and well-thought film. The film uses a lot of clever identification pieces at all times playing with modern but still focusing on traditions? The movie played by each movie The John Woo movies of Hong Kong are full and top content on their explosive content as seen in Hard Boiled (1992) and when Hong Kong films have been telling stories from "bad" time of opinion, they can sometimes spread and be just disturbed, a good example being a city on fire (1987). Elections are a film that does not remember the full scenario of its unpredictable events, a unique action and violence that actually happens with flavor (if it is a suitable word) as well as a clever 'of' film 'pieces of film. It is difficult to see when watching but Elections are actually built in three formats: there is a first step of concern involving a real choice and anyone voting is voting? not everyone likes the decision but what the Uncle says, goes. The second act is found by the ancient baton from China which traditional claims should be present at the launch and the third end after launch by certain characters who come up with their ideas on how Triads should and can run. Needless to say; The events and events occur during each third third, some are small and unusual where some are serious and interesting. The choice has some errors and many that come in three of the opening. Trying to kill the time around the choice that takes only a few minutes is clearly a difficult task for authors and authors of films and which shows for many points. I felt that a certain area just started going somewhere before the police interrupted and then everyone got arrested. This happens a few times: the war breaks out in the restaurant but the police in it and everyone is arrested; there is a secret meeting about three buttons but the police show and everyone gets arrested; Other Triads have a pre-election discussion but police show and guess what? You know. Once the film comes out of the rut that I thought it would, it uses a holy baton as a plot of conspiracy to get everyone moving. Guns provides beautiful scenes of fighting as well as the expulsion of a truck after fire, another expulsion involving motorcycle and kung-fu fighting a load of melee on the street? events are unpredictable, realistic and cruel but as I said, they are through 'delicious'. Where Elections are increasing why it is so much attention to such a good explanation. While Triads are in jail, bars are covered with wires that mean that all animals in the ponds are just as they do out during the collision. Another aspect of careful care is how Husbands use tea and not alcohol, raising themselves up to other head groups who will use champagne (Good Good Friday) and also to mention the traditional Chinese drink to celebrate or remember. br /> <br /> The choice is a good film that is designed to fully enjoy with the film that has a wonderful series when you look at what's going on. Some internal settings and textiles as well as fashion buckets that are served as search and track baton are over. Launch is a very short film and is very connected to the film; hinting in traditional Chinese in the process. I feel the best place is the last place as it fully entails: two fishermen who are fishing and interrogating with the Triads rule all the time remaining, unpredictable and cruel: in a good way, of course.
