When I think of the guilty cheesiest of the kind of pleasure pleasure, the first thing I thought was' 80s sliher flicks. Very bad slasher comes out. The type of film type, where all the script needed was two parts of the blood and several parts of fraud to be made. <br /> <br /> Front level for '90s' / early '00' late. The flick of the slasher has been modified with the success of the "Scream" of 1996. As in the 80s, these films were formulaic, with a lack of inspiration for self-naming as "hip, language-in-cheek parodies" of original slasher flicks . With a recent combination of "hip parody" neo-slasher flicks, only one of the value to see is a low budget, automatic-video "Cut". <br /> <br /> Like most of the "new" Slider flicks, "Cut" depends on the flick slasher production, in this 1985 film's "Hot Blooded" film, making its comments on the genre. "Blood Blood" has never finished production, because of the murder of a person who was wearing a mask of a film killer, Scarman, a bald model and his mouth close to the dark, non-student eyes. Now, 12 years later, a group of film students, whose professor was involved in production, decided to enter the vaults, hit the original actor, and finished the film. But when every film is closed or the scene is shot, "Scarman" returns and someone dies. To quote the ID, will they finish the film before they finish? <br /> <br /> That all sounds are very bad, and to the extent it is (in fact, there's something like a good flick of slasher?). No development of the character (director "new" is revealed that the daughter of the original director of "Fire of Fire", whose life was destroyed after the dissolved production; this would have been a perfect explanation of working conspiracy, but has never been mentioned) and, as in All other flicks, there are so many bodies to take care of. Artists are not good, even with direct levels to the video, but many are happy with their characters (and for those who are not, it is an unusual behavior to do, because there are no characters in the film that wanted to work "Fire Dirty"). , especially the lucky to play Scarman. The "cutting" of the peak was not "big" who includes "killer" like "Scream" films. It does not kill the gimmick of the film "Urban Legend". What he has is an original and interesting concept that is being explored by "this way we can write a sequel if it sells well" end. But that's for the course. At any point of view, this is a bad movie that should be avoided, but this "quality" makes it true to its root in a slasher type, and this makes it more enjoyable than any other neo -slasher flicks.
