Twelve years ago, the production rides on the flick of the slash "Hot Blooded" since almost everyone on the set began to die. Now, several film students have decided to finish the film, despite the fact that there is rumors that the film is cursed. Well, they're almost sure that some curses are true. <br /> <br /> When Scream was released, every country seemed to want to earn money in its success, even Australia. The concept, which today is made to death (film slasher into the slasher film) was at that time cool and original. This movie was released before the Legends of Urban: Final Cut and Scream 3 (well not US but Australia) so it looked like the first movie with this concept. When the Legends of Urban 2 was released, most of us had already found the conventional patients and since the movie was not good yet, the movies decreased significantly. Now, Cut is not the best flick ever, nor tries to be. It knows that it is a rip, and even a girl who looks like a blonde version of Neve Campbell in the role of star. But instead of trying to add a new and original new story to the story, they decided to destroy off the 80s sliher as "Nightmare on Elm Street" also with amazing enough, this works really. The killer is very creepy and that mask is just a killer! And instead of trying to offend the audience, they have created a very beautiful and interesting atmosphere that places us in trouble through many films. There are few movie holes though I was not able to fully ignore it, the latter being a huge hole of the compound in the movie. Spoiler forward; I mean, they burned the only copy of the movie where did they get a magazine that shows on the last place? It doesn't mean I tell you. End of the destroyers. All in all, Cut is a beautiful slasher interesting flick with silly stories but I consider this to be one of the best scream rip-offs that will never be great. I wonder that this was not a good client, but I think it's just too much too late. The Australian player with a trouble flick with very few scares. Cut it is still a fine movie of the film and I will need to recommend this even though I think the story is silly because it is very happy.
