Like all the Angelopoulos films, "Stork Suspension Stage" is required to actively participate and close to the viewer's side, the fact that has actually contributed to the less popularity of his work. Negotiations are held, without any discrepancies or exchanges including internal conflicts of perpetrators, doubts, or feelings. The filmmaker prefers to keep viewers away from their emotional responses, and instead enables them to explore and learn the name of the characters themselves. As a result, acting has been beaten down and stable, as opposed to overt and open. Practical events are placed between long-term reflection, where the viewer is asked to be a participant, participating as an actor, by exploring his own psyche. As in the novel, where the game is completely resting in writing to the author to give a template where the reader's ideas and / or previous experiences are growing, the Angelopoulos drama resides in his pictures: its use of long shots, long takes, long mobilize, a discussion of acceptance that has become a trademark of her, inviting the viewer to see the film from her own perspective. Angelopoulos uses silence to capture the maximum time, return to non-verbal language, eyes, sounds and music, while he believes that words can only take us up to now. The Music, and the long-term partner of Angelopoulos, Eleni Karaindrou, provides more of a sensible nature, but becomes a feature of the story. A large part of the film has outdoor shots in the trick, shaped, written in the cool of the rabe. Angelopoulos gives us "another Greek," one very different from Greece of tourist flyers, and the blue sky and the magnificent emerald of the sun, deep in the eternal sun. Here, the heavens are covered with gray, the air is cold and misty, and the sandy beaches are usually changed by the frozen snow, the cheap road of the village. Angelopoulos camera through Arvanitis cameras appears on all films. The Stork Standing Stage "is about all other political information that focuses on the social and political situation in the Balkans at the end of the twentieth century. It deals with the meaning of "limits," and to those who are victims of disorder among nations. In the "waiting room" that is facing the border of Albania, refugees, politicians or others, is lost by others, waiting. They can be connected to the political border, but unfortunately still carries with them, and depend on, the parents' boundaries: what language, culture, and community. Although the political opinion of Angelopoulos is well known, the film clearly states about any political talks about the reasons for refugee fighters. In the process, Angelopoulos enables us to reflect on the concept of geographical, cultural, political and personal boundaries. Angelopoulos considers himself a historian of the twentieth century Greece, and loves to bring lessons from Hellenic stories in his conversation. In this film, he can cross the border between Greek and Italian cultures, drawing from the traditional homeric and Dantesque trips to the Odysseus. Alexander is Telemachus, looking for stories about a Greek politician / Odysseus lost, never heard again. The political man, a brilliant spokesman, unexpectedly left the comfort of his presence with his bourgeois, his wife, and his brilliant career, living in an unknown refugee camp and at the bottom. He was an exiled poet who wondered how to change the world. Of course, "politician" is not the father of Alexander, but the "politician" stands in front of Alexander as a father / Odysseus figure. Like Telemachus of Homer, Alexander grows as a man during his odyssey. Of course, it's hard to try and see in the film voting of the Odyssey of Homer in a modern environment. Angelopoulos looks at the Odysseus trips only as structural and fundamental elements of his film. In Angelopoulos, "Odysseus" is like Odysseus of Dante: it does not provide Ithaca but continues, "carrying a suit." And Alexander / Telemachus "has been suspended" between his return home and his work, or to start a "somewhere else." He says very loudly, at the beginning of the film, pointing to a few verses from Dante's "Inferno": "And don't forget that during the trip you have come again. The wind reduces your eyes away." is not a religious person, there is a Greek Orthodox religion presented during the film in the form of deserving yellow people, who surround the good things of fellow humans and connect the communications, as well as the image of Christ "politician." In the latter area, these men are again yellow for the influence of Byzantine's iconography in the work of Angelopoulos. They appear as "stylites," religious figures found in the Orthodox tradition, men of seclusion and brave men who took their dwelling on the columns, in the form of apostasy. The film lives without a resolution as the actual identity of the character played by Mastroianni. Angelopoulos does not give us any symptoms, and the wife's statement, "not he," is far from convincing and left enough. The important question of the film is not whether he is a politician or not, but he can be a politician. But the film still ends up on a positive note. Although the wire climbs from the pole only to run along the river, and so communication until it is still not possible, and yet it is not possible to consider, we see that this last area is taken from the view along the river: the camera has crossed the border, and the tracking track opposite invites Alexander and the viewer follow more than the limits. For this account, Angelopoulos gives us hope that somehow, some limits will eventually fall.
