By the lateties of the screwball comedy was over, as the film were moving in different directions, comedically and otherwise. With television coming on the horizon, Hollywood would soon be very difficult. Where, the strange one, would have been films without a television coming, or his arrival in the area was delayed by five or ten years? Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House provides one way of comedy that can be developed. Ad Jim Blandings man, along with his wife and two daughters, live in a good way but also has slowed down New York City's apartment, as one day gets a sharp idea that can be fun to realize his dream of build houses in the suburbs. So he buys some property in Connecticut and is built with its precise specifications. Well, close. If he knew the trouble he had because he could change his mind. Then again he can not have. You decide. On this inappropriate basis the result of the incredible film, full of conflicts between the dream of a dream of owning one's own home and the most often unpleasant reality of finding one. Nothing comes easy in this life, as Mr. Blandings learns; but one should not be sad just because things are not going all the time. There, after all, long. But, Blandings asks every few minutes, how long is it? <br /> <br /> This game is fun. It is not, I think, a talent in the Capra-McCarey tradition, but it is a worthy successor to their three photographs, and it may be a member of the coming events if access to television does not change cultural environments significantly. There is a real warmth in the picture, and a good plan (W.C.). People in all films are very intelligent and worthy, but with a medium-sized middle-class decision and not a high-class class. Cary Grant and Myrna Loy's players play Mr. and Mrs. Blandings in full; when Melvyn Douglas is as good as their experienced lawyer, who often brings the wrong topic, such as the real world works. There is, too, a good sense of what you want for the best word that can be called romance of suburbia, which was in pregnancy in the post-war period, as one sees the wood and streams that attracted people to the first place. These people are evidently fish out of the water in what is still in Connecticut. Over the past few years it would change, if the madness of the city would be in full gear, destroying ever hateful pastors who were so eager in small towns, which would soon be connected to the road, full of bottles and cans, their effluvia to resist anything that would meet in the city.
