"In the world of ancient kung fu movies, where retaliation pictures received twelve dime, they took a lot for film to stand out - and even more to make it a fan after all these years. The better continues to have influence on the movie industry of Hong Kong, from the theme of honesty, brothers and revenge as investigated by John Woo (who started in the movie industry of HK to work for Chang) during the menstrual bleeding at the end of the 1980s, with more modern movies like a Man named Hero, which plays a character in a fashion led by this film. For influence has also been done in other places too, from music such as Wu-Tang Clan, TV advertising for Sprite Games and videos such as "Mortal Kombat." Why does this movie be special? The program - on the face - is very simple. It deals with members of a large group called "Poison Fund". wood are looking for a treasure hidden by their profile. All members of the c lan have an extraordinary knowledge of kung fu, displayed by their animal styles, or "parasites" (fool can climb walls, pigs have a deadly strike, etc.). Moving is that since the brothers always wear masks, not all known who others are. So a simple plot becomes close and exciting. We are not talking about the characters involved here, but it's far more than many movie kung fu movies. For, Golden Harvest was not very happy with the script of Chang - as well as many of his films, they felt that it was dark and violent - and really wanted to add a great deal of comic. Surprisingly, Chang joined his guns and lived with his original script, which since then has been honored as one of the best for his film's time, if not ever, completing the almost complete arc and giving a complete nail of the amazing action mechanism . <br /> <br /> But what strengthens the movie is the links themselves. Chang Cheh discovered a magical form of cast and cast - not only got brave artists who (whose steps, fought without the help of wires or other special effects, put many contemporary martial artists in disgrace) but also chief executives. The form seemed to be very popular that Chang usually had one or more links in his future movies. To go back to the things in the past, in many old school movies, artists seem to play paper coating, but here the actors create creation. It seems that everyone has a favorite parasite (mine is Philip Kwok - known to many as the Mad Dog from Hard-boiling - as a lizard) and is this personal relationship with the characters that The Five Deadly Venoms produces which makes it a realistic genre. Even if you are not usually a fan of old school movies, you need to explore the Five Things Outdoors, if there is nothing else to see where modern movies got inspiration from. "
