All the kung-fu films made through the 70 and 80 years are one that has created the following true worship. Except all the film Bruce Lee mentioned here is a film that has stood the test of time and given a unique story. The old kung-fu Lord tells the last pupil Yang Tieh (Sheng Chiang) about five students he has taught in the past. All five are wearing masks and no one has seen the face of each and all have been taught differently. Their specialized in kung-fu is a name that they have adopted as a lizard, Snake, Centipede, Toad and Scorpion. The Lord called the family of poison and he did not know what happened to them so he wants Tie to give them and help those who are doing good to leave the bad ones. An old man who was once a member of Clan Poison has a map where he hides a lot of money and looks like a goal. Tieh doesn't know what they seem like he joins the community and try and know who. Tieh found that snakes are Hung Wen Tung (Pai Wei) and with Tang Sen Kue (Feng Lu) who Centipede kills family to find a map. The map is available by a secret person who turns into Scorpion but knows someone who knows. Local police called Ho Yung Sin (Philip Kwok) investigates the murder along with his girlfriend Ma Chow (Chien Sun). Sin has a friend called Li Ho (Meng Lo) who is a frog and knows each other's identity. Snakes give us local leaders to kill Li Ho and when he is in prison he is being arrested and killed. When Sini sees she is fighting with Tie and together they go to fight with Tung and Kue. <br /> <br /> This film was led by Cheh Chang and was a special director during these films. Chang is not your operating director of kung-fu and his films had special quality to them. Although many military films are concerned with revenge Chang did not use them as the main theme. Although there is a retaliation going on later in this story this film is more complicated than that. Five men have been taught by one master in different ways and wearing masks. Then they are all in one place and do not know who they are. A very unique story makes this film different from all others and many stories of Changes were in class by themselves. I can't insert it into one league as "Enter Dragon" because Bruce Lee was an international icon with military art that showed they were looking more. This film still has the impossible things if connected to the sides of the walls and walking through the air but this film is not necessarily on fighting events. Its more about storytelling and characters involved. That alone makes it different from other kung-fu films. Made well with a unique story.
