That is one of the best kung fu movies, and can be one of the best movies ... They had a good plot that works like a puzzle, with a lot of controversy and insistence. This film is full of cats and mouse and deception, and people hide their identity and their status. The characters in this film live and breathe more than your average kung fu characters. They are both interesting and compelling and the movie has a good job to give them the events to show their personality and desires. Fighting events are playing as small stories and many of them are original and exciting. It has good training training and karate skills that are very amazing they enter the fantasy area. There are 5 members of each poisonous family and their style that imitates the special skills of the animal poison. The styles of each of these characters are happy to see and you can see the methods that they use in the training used during the film ... When this happens, the Director uses quick cut to the training area to draw parallel. These limitations are accompanied by music changes and sound effects and the whole thing is doing very well. One thing about this movie that is original is the way to death. Director Chang Cheh was clearly concerned that the film is not suitable for death. This makes some events in the most effective movie. We really care when people are killed in this film. This is because the camera stays on fear of death even when bad people are killed. Other publications in this film are really tremendous in the gut. When participants are looking for revenge they feel their feelings and pain. <br /> <br /> At the same time, this is also an enjoyable movie. It contains all the things you expect from the traditional kung fu film. There is a bad dubbing, the characters like to fight in a drop of hat. Some sound effects are hilarious and sometimes the character of the characters is fantastic non-fiction ... all of this adds only to the size of the film. Do not forget that this director was seeing the stylist is more gifted than most of his time. If you look at this film you will soon see that the technical skills shown are good. Everything is going very fast (because of a quick cut-out style and a fast type of cameras) that are easy to look at how good the film is. Lighting and composition are amazing when. The function of the camera and movement is very sophisticated with very quick interesting editing ... In cases that show doubts and preferences for example, consider Hitchcock moving to almost double speed. Chang Cheh was actually a great mechanic and artist who knew his kind and was able to produce the necessary material while working in it. We do not lose the kung fu film, but through its cunning knowledge around the area and each shot and greatly enhances the quality of work. He is a great film manufacturer who continues to convince many people. <br /> <br /> This is a real package of kung fu movie that offers each level. It is an art, it is a trash, it is moving emotionally, and it is fun, it has a real sense of morality, but it does not allow these values ​​to find a way to give a good step. I recommend to everyone whether it's a fan of this type or not.
