When it first occurred, this work with the brothers of Meysels was severely denied and even judged to be exploitation. Fortunately, now it is shown as the center of the movie theater, especially now that the community has caused real exploitation on real TV, and the worst reforms of direct movies. True, for the first time, we should say that this is not a direct movie, it's more than a valid video. The difference between the two is very little, but in fact it is the fact that in this document, we are made to feel the presence of the brothers of Meysels, and they communicate with the characters shown. This also makes it clear that it is not exploitation. Meysels have been brought back home, and include in the unusual circumstances of the village household. And both Edith and Edie just love the idea of ​​being closed. It would have been very disappointing it had been shown only the voice of God's preaching and inadequate interviews. Here, we are given a full picture of the spiritual house, spirituality that seems to fall well with Edie and her mother Edith. Their house is a mess, garbage and animals everywhere, fade colors and furniture all over the house, and a constant struggle that corresponds regularly to the truth. These two people have been living out of their lives, and they do not fight in front of the camera because they want to be cautious, but because they can't help talking in this way. They also know well to hide their inner feelings, no need. In the end, however, even as they struggle with their lives, they love deeply. Edie says she doesn't want her mother to die, because she loves her very much, and Edith says she doesn't want Edie to leave her because they don't want to be alone. But the most interesting aspect of the film is that regardless of their age, two women cannot help being girls. Can not help being one singer, another player. Show them all their skills in front of their camera. When Edie asks David Meysels openly "Where have you been all my life?" he is so happy that he finally gets to show the whole world himself with his amazing skills of girls. A beautiful picture of the importance of stylist and charm that is impossible to appear again, just the way Meysels and a few others can do.
