"Cypher" is a cunning story of the ignorance of the industries set in the United States in the future is not too far. Although it is not very complicated, this film offers a lot of views about personal loyalty, violence, and corporate conspiracy. To some extent this film also tries to represent modern corporate groups and companies as being different from the risks that their contract workers take on their behalf. The movie begins with a certain salary, Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), who works for the Digicorp group to work as a hiding operation. After the initial meeting with the Head of Digicorp Security, Sullivan was given a new identity (Jack Thursby) and sent to a business conference with the recording of talks made by various speakers about the marketing strategies of each of their companies. After completing his first career, Sullivan / second hour was sent to more missions to get the same kind of information he had previously gathered. However, for one of his "business trips" he enters a woman named Rita Foster, (Liu) who met him on his previous job, and from there things go too much. The effects of the diabolical program involving Digicorp's ignorance program begin to emerge and Sullivan is forced to enter a deep barrier to one of the main competitors of Digicorp, and thus become a double agent involved in a fierce opponent between two companies. > (SPOILERS END HERE)) It was a very good idea on this film was the best use of lights and shadows in many cases. A common lighting was used primarily in both internal and domestic settings, while many shades and dark colors used for settings involving fraud and coverage. I was also impressed by Jeremy Northam. Not often have I seen him in the lead role, and the fact that he plays a married person outside Wisconsin was a brilliant. Personally, I think he is one of the many people under the executives used in the industry who have not been given more responsibility challenges. Lucy Liu was also wonderful in her part and gave her a real film of dress-and-dagger tone. Additionally, all others who were used did well, however, my only complaint was that other parties could explore more to make a conspiracy and more complicated. For example, I would like to see what happened if Jack Thursby has developed a close relationship with his second "wife". In general, this is a string-and-dagger story that is designed to make you think a bit about personal and professional credibility and if anyone in the film can be trusted. With an impressive and delicate voice and good camera function, this film provides a scary look at how organizations can work in the near future. I wonder that I've never been looking at this "hidden gem" before. This is an amazing talent, not too much to spy, and so I give 9 to 10.
