In fact it is a good thing Sean Connery retires as James Bond, and I am sure he cannot develop in these business-day trips, where fast cars have been changed and the techniques of hi-tech skills and good women are considered to be less than sexy than advanced computer equipment. "Cypher" is a good exclamation of Sci-Fi who often gives you a sense of fear and claustrophobia as well as being unable to do so. You know the trends in these types of movies: nothing is seen and just when you think you are out of a helped plot, the authors make sure you re-enter the new mixing again. Events in the "Cypher" should be done in the most popular regions of the computer world, where big companies do not have too much to try to steal each other. The Digisoft real company uses millions of people to irritate the brain and give them a new identity, just to let them enter as a fighter in their great competitor, Sunways Agency. Sunways, on the other hand, always tries to remove the Digisoft mice and recruit them again as two spies. Of all this profitable business stands Morgan Sullivan; An employee who has not seen thirty-thirty and something that has been chosen by Sebastian Rooks I believe, is actually more difficult than seen by Vincenzo Natali director (dude from "Tube") carefully takes his time to establish all the necessary and low characters. The first half of the film is to remember the problem caused by John Frankenheimer's gas "Second"? with Rock Hudson ?? as it relates to the identification of deleting and fully changing your old style of life. Even the fitted pieces appear to be out of the 60 film, as well as many of your white and white rooms and the stadiums that seem to be an endless treasure. There are also a lot of great steps to emphasize, especially when Morgan feels how the Digisoft workers look at the results of their brain combining techniques during boring gatherings. The central part of the film is a bit slow, especially because you have already understood that all of it has built up in many ways to mislead the conspiracy, and I anticipated a slightly lesser image of the future. Jeremy Northam is fully beaten by Lucy Liu's delightful surprise as a foxy woman who seems to be on her side. The general election director David Hewlett has a role to be remembered as Suways Virgil C. Dunn, an engineer. "Cypher" has been made well with adrenalin running Sci-Fi entertainment, it was recommended for people who like to use their brain capabilities regularly.
