Cypher is a clever, effective and efficient film that provides. Its good cluster is well delivered and has its content made in an effective way but also through a variety of needs. Although a person can write once a false film, there is little more. It has a false science fiction but the film is more like a black / detective than anything else that adds to the story. <br /> <br /> The film, in general, looks like some sort of dream; so build and remain beautiful atmosphere. We do not know exactly what is going on, we do not know why certain things are happening and we do not know certain people, such as having dreams? lack of control over all of us? The hero included I have not seen this pulled in such a film before, Brazil Terry Gilliam. Going ahead of the previous force, Cypher emerges with fears and investigations, religious and science writers give the impression that there is something for everyone and it combines its elements well. There is also a sense of detective for a film that helps the side of the story investigation. The secret next to everyone is disturbing to say the least and I find the fact that the character of Rita Foster (Liu), who must be identical to femme fatale, can be seen as under threat to what happens everything near the hero: People who seem like friends they do not, people who say they really help use and those who seem to be harmless are actually dead than they look at. In spite of many things around it, misleading the conspiracy several times and following the rules that are made to make them appear to be the world will end if it is not done; one thing that seems to be most dangerous is any sexual relationship or relationship with Lucy Liu's behavior? and he tries to help (!) the film continues to have two sides of the fight against detective, detective and focus on workers and his opponents. The whole thing comes out as another cold-winter war; something that matches U.S.A. by U.S.S.R. in a heyday word war and comes out of the black, powerful, often CGI-filled everything I have been given. It was also interesting and it was a good touch it was a shot of a trip to some of the American states that resembled the microchips of the computer as our hero walks and from the place he explained? The key then how much he does on his motivation and Foster himself this sequence will disappear because he has gone away from the computer, repeating, and controlled life that is told to live and is an external branching. <br /> <br /> Cyhper is very consistent in its content and has all the elements of a good film. Saying resembles the first film of Jason Bourne, just put on a sci-fi type, not cutting enough slack but you can see the same; although both will be released the same year. As I said earlier, there is a feeling if there is something in this film for everyone and if you can look back to the end of despair that few people can predict effectively, you will find yourself enjoying this film.
