Although it is recognized as the best medical treatment of having a house in a country built (or purchased) for your information, it is not the first, nor the last. In 1940 Jack Benny and Ann Sheridan were leading the film's comedy version of GEORGE WASHINGTON SLEPT HERE and George S. Kaufman and Moss Hart. And nearly fifteen years ago Shelly Long and Tom Hanks were in leadership at PIT's Finance. The former was about moving into the country's 18th century which ... wrong, it requires work. The latter was about building your dream house - at the end of the 1980s. Although these two films have their time, both are not as good as TRAINING, which depends on the biography of the same name. Jim Blandings and his wife Muriel (Cary Grant and Myrna Loy) are considering the corners of their apartment, which cooperates with their two daughters Joan and Betsy (Sharyn Moffett and Connie Marshall). Although Blandings has a good income as an executive of advertising (in 1948 does $ 15,000.00 per year, which was like making $ 90,000.00 today), and lives in a luxury apartment - which in New York City that day gives! - feels they should find something better. He and Muriel take the car in Connecticut and soon find the old damage that they all think can be made like the dream house they want. Both of them enter the hole of the bug to buy land and construction can cause. For one thing, they are gung ho on the idea of ​​building a house like this they fail to heed the warning after the warning and the wise, as a friend of pride and lawyer Bill Cole (Melvin Douglas, in the role of sardonic role). For example, Jim buys land from a Connecticut businessman (Ian Wolfe, a quiet chops), and checks before examining double land costs in the Connecticut area. Bill says he has paid more than five or six thousand dollars for land than it is worth. There are problems on the supply of water that all Blandings do not ever know, such as hard and soft water - which causes the machine to cut water to Zis - Zis. They find that the structures they have, and they have worked with their architect (Reginald Denny), can not be left at a reasonable price because of Muriel's decision to build a little rookery that no one is planned. The increased cost of the project is the same issue that young Jim. He has been chosen to handle the "Wham" account ("Spam" has been a popular result of World War II, since the public started using it as a substitute for meat, because of success and weapons). Jim can't find this courage (he is not alone - two or two other actors in front of him). Comes with a bit of the following "poems": (?): <br /> <br /> "This small pig went to the market, <br /> <br /> Was red and beautiful as a ham. <Br /> <br / > He screamed in his songs, <br /> <br /> He knew he could end up like "Wham"! <br /> <br /> His secretary looks at him as he needs one jacket for one when he reads one! \ t that he puts Jim and Muriel out of many mistakes. All three have lost, better when they are locked in a room in a half-built house, like men come out that day. They can't open the door, and Jim (in fear) tries to break down the door with the sheep He breaks the window, and the door opens itself. enjoy yourself. It is one film which (with changing price rates and salary levels) is not quite suitable. After all, many Americans refer to owning their homes and always have. Some years ago the painting company used an enjoyable area with Myrna Loy and Emory Parnell about the work of Parnell's drawing company has to do in various rooms. Carefully shows different shades of red, blue, etc.. She wants - even to give Parnell respect one thread for the right blue shade. Advertisements indicated that the painting company had different colors to choose from your drawing work. They proudly mentioned Loy "Bi Blandings" in the introduction of advertising. You might think though Parnell's dishonesty makes the situation later, when Loy leaves him with his color workers.
