Canadian director Vincenzo Natali took a circle of art and storms with an amazing and amazing Cube, which is my favorite SF's 90-year-old film. shoot straight, and took this idea in interesting directions. I have been waiting carefully for Natali, and although it was taken five years to prepare another project, I am happy to say that it is worth waiting. Cypher is a fascinating observation of one place in the world, and how through a whole series of events, it finds itself in an uncontrollable situation. I don't want to reveal much about the plot, because one of the fun of Cypher is a different way it takes us. It is very comforting in this day and age to see the SF film with more than one idea in it. Cypher is a similar film. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), one of the blandest people who walk the world, is employed by DigiCorp company. They take him to different parts of America to record a different seminar. To her surprise, they do not accept. Unlock the topic as usual as shaving cream and cheese. When Morgan is waiting for one seminar, he runs Rita Foster (the inspiration of Lucy Liu), the clarity of the ice girl. He gives the striker, but there is something that gets a barrier. That is not surprising in view of the dry marriage that exists. <br /> When Rita returns to one of Morgan's seminars, she tells her life is not looked. And more talk about the plot. To do this would have a low cost of the rest of the film on us, as well as a bad way that is very fun to follow. <br /> <br /> As with the Cube, Natali shows the absolute talent of being seen as ordinary people, taking them out of knowledge, and basically seeing what will happen when they are beaten into an unknown. And Cypher follows the same direction. But not a copy of the cube carbon. It has a personal direction. <br /> <br /> Cypher is a film that has the most common and flavor of the plot and stories of paranoia. One of the main things about Cypher is the way these themes come into the story without your knowledge. When Morgan knows her false identity is a piece of the bigger puzzle, it's amazing to us as it is. One thing that distinguishes Cypher from Cube is how much lost is. Where the Cube was closed to the lowest and the budget for an unforeseen beat, Cypher also has a small budget, but Natali gets as much as she can, allowing it to expand the horizon, and launch Morgan on an amazing journey through her labyrinth . Natali's direction is unique, with the left hand on the backs. There are some amazing camera angles from above, such as the size of the DigiCorp building as a major, large-scale office in conjunction with an unknown speck which Morgan stands out. All games seem to have been removed out of the picture, which congratulates the sound of the film as a modern day of the film-black. It is the best column. Jeremy Northam is an example of sympathy from his unloving marriage to question his own identity. Its performance is ideal because it is a module. In fact he seems to change right before our eyes. From the clinic, spineless is a brave person who will do anything to protect his new identity. David Hewlett puts a welcoming appearance who made the same effect in the Cube. He sits in a mysterious silo that looks like borrowed from the Black Men. His event is one of the best because it is practiced in careful and paranoia suspension. He is an expert who is known to identify two agents, and is a wonderful piece of writing, perfectly done by Hewlett. All she needs to do is look at Morgan, and we are interested in her game of mind. But it's Lucy Liu who is coming down here. They are often given in a film where its ability is not used for full effect. But in Cypher, he is finally given a proper attitude as a protection. Rita is a woman, who is reserved for fatale women where Liu lives happy. I lost every time he appeared because he has control, and he can reduce the chances of calming with the power of his own play. Things come to a very exciting end, which is not appropriate to conclude on incorrect details how the Cube way did. But Morgan deserves his happy end. After the ringing of the ring like this, I was happy for her in the last place. It is the perfect end time because it comes like a sunshine after 90 minutes of power. Cypher succeeds with all calculations. Engaging, surprising, always entertaining, is everything that the sum of the remember wanted to be but was not. And it comes as an enjoyable drug for the Matrix of awesome and unusual. Well done from Natali. And now I am a fan-minded person. Good things!
