This is a movie under the budget of Sci-fi's budget from the director of worship Vincenzo Natali. The film looks like the crossing of Phillip K Dick and Hitchcock and Cronenberg and the film takes a special feel like something you could see. The film is shot, I love movies in this, it feels fresh and original. Mystery-wise film explores the same theme as the film as Total Memory, the City of Darkness and Matrix with its good Sci-Fi objects. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) is a suburbanite who is tired of his life and has decided to take a job as a spy company for Digicorp, a large technology company. He meets an official at the beginning who brings Sullivan on board and tells him what he needs to do. It involves going to the rival companies of the opponents and recording them via a satellite transmission device like a pen. It also means that he must make a distinction and keep it hidden from his wife. After his first work experience is incredible, his behavior changes, his personality begins to vary and hurt pain in the neck and headaches as well. She meets a beautiful woman named Rita Foster (with Lucy Liu's best friend) taking an instant attraction. Yet when he goes to his next job and sees him again, he proves that he is a certain agent who reveals that his work is not quite visible. He sees later that he and all the other people who attended the meeting are working for Digicorp. All these gatherings work to allow men of the company to tell their spies. Sullivan, whose other name is Jack Thursby has been given medication against Digicorps drugging and while some of the spies at a recent meeting come into what appears to be a dream of a day's brain when the speakers whistle. Suddenly the rooms are filled by the staff at Digicorp come to lighting lights in the eyes of all visitors to make sure they are not aware and then the state of the night they bring to the head of each member who sends the message into the brain and convince those who believe to be a person another. Digicorp use these people as puppets and create creation and live for these people when they cancel their own existence. Sullivan now has to pretend that he really believes that now Jack Thursby. Digicorp want to steal information from their opponents Samways and want puppets themselves to do so, now effectively control what these spies do, except for Sullivan. When Samways fight Sullivan and discover that he did not damage the brain they decide to use him as a pawn to spy Digicorp, and make Sullivan agent twice. They know that Digicorp has sent Thursday to do its work up to Samway and to make its way over the system until he can find the status of downloading the company's key information that can close the company. Samways realizes that he has been planted and decided to play along with Digicorp and let Albyby enter into their databanks but they will give Digicorp dodgy disc that will destroy their system. The program begins to mislead and return if both companies use Sullivan as pawn. She stuck in the middle and Rita Foster is hidden if she tries to work for what helps her. When a third party is involved, the person has been revealed that Foster is working, Sullivan must decide whether he is going to the independent agent, who can assure him of a new life and security or connected to one of the companies he serves. All the tension builds up at the top of the stone as it looks just about everyone wants to use him once the benefit is over. Cast it good. Northam is good and cunning in its performance is excellent. He brings a great feature of his vision, his eyes tell a story and we see a big change of craft as his behavior changes from Sullivan to the second. Lucy Liu is just the only exception of faith and its presence gives great strength to the film because it seems to be thrown out of wonder but it works because of the fact. Some of the cast are also good. Natalie Director whose original movie was a tribal ritual of sci-fi Flick Cube, has a real visual image. He makes the film very well and has watched it well. For a small budget film it shows some of the effects of thinking of thinking and although CGI is not the best it has not started too much piece of the film damage. The film really brings the emotions of Matrix and other sci-fi films, it's up there with them. The program is also very stressful but in fact that helps in the film like this, is where Cronenberg's influence and Lynch are obvious. The film always works for what is going on and surprisingly if it goes along. This is a general worship service and I can see this is widely known when it is given in states. **** 1/2 <br />
