The director of Cypher Vincenzo Natali is a very excited and thoughtful person who, although they need to be stopped by faith and a lot of accumulation, can be an entertaining experience. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), a stay-at-time husband with a skilled wife, decides to add a small part of the ingredients to his normal life by getting a job as a manufacturing firm in a high-tech Digi Corp. His work is to travel to meetings around the country (under the assumption of Jack Thursby) and to confide in the dialogue again made to his superiors, through a small pen-gizmo electronic. In fact, however, the speech is just a covering of more hygienic activities. Morgan, with his colleagues who attended the meeting, are beaten by the brain. The spilled drinking water puts them in a short time, where they are told to forget their Easter and pass their permanent identity. Once they are absolutely convinced that they are someone else, they are told to apply for work with opponents, where they can indulge in corporate investigations. <br /> But Digi's plans are faced with the intervention of shadow Rita Foster (Lucy Liu), who opens Morgan's eyes for what is happening. He gives Morgan a drug to change drugs so that he can resist brain combinations. He also warns that if Digi Corp testifies that he is not fully convinced that Jack Thursby, then he will be 'removed'. Morgan plays, and is used to work in the rival trade Sunways. However, when it comes to its new place of work, it is given a polygraph test and once it has been identified as a spy. Fortunately, the Sunways supporters see this as a good opportunity to feed false data to Digi Corp. and Morgan becomes the second agent. <br /> <br /> From the obstacle inside, things are becoming more difficult; The ambition of conspiracy and turns to the poor of Morgan ends his inability to trust anyone. At the end of an exciting moment, all of them become clear (but only if you have followed the events carefully). The director Natali works honestly and certainly has a great ability to produce a classy-looking film for the low budget. He can get great exhibitions from giving us talents; Jeremy Northam, in particular, is amazing? His commentary of Morgan who had previously worried is played in full. Cypher is another interesting movie from a director who is ready to take the opportunity and I look forward to his next projects, High Rise and Necropolis.
