What? This was based on the comic book? Video game? Drawing for a 3 year old? <br /> <br /> Nothing in this film is taken seriously; not the characters, not the dialogue, not the plot, not the action. Nothing. We have international top terrorists / criminals who refuse as early school children, Stallone's man-of-iron-kind of confidence on the ice climate, the conversation is not dumb that sometimes becomes very close, and so on. Even the codename which bad people use is dumb ("tango-cucumber"). A film that includes a particular problem, a good work ethic, and a beautiful mountain landscape. Oh, yes: with no sense of humor. The movie opens with an improper and unhealthy sex flag between our lucky and happy characters who are obviously having "time" of time. Then comes the pushing-saving failure-saving, which should make anyone with fear-of-height problems want to pull their hair out. And then we have the worst dialogue, and after that is a bigger step. This is a rhythm of the film briefly. <br /> <br /> The combination of Stallone and Turner installations, when they meet after a long time, is soap, so clichéd, so fake, and so bad that it should force you to lose out of any respectable viewer. Shortly after being exposed to the bad conversation of the conversation, we are witnesses to flee the impressive surprise of aircraft. The whole point is a great one great, but it is worthless fun for the better. Although the rest of the action is exciting and enjoyable, the flight events are actually the film. After landing, our master-criminals are looking for guidance and ending with Stallone and Rooker. They send Stallone to take a preliminary investigation of the money, but somehow they do everything to make it as hard as possible to achieve; it takes many of his clothes (so he can freeze) and will not give him the equipment he needs (so he can fall). What? YOUR WORKERS DO IN YOUR BUDGET WHEN YOU ARE INVOLVED? Especially. It seems they didn't believe Stallone, but they really know that they can always send him using Rooker as a hostage. However, our bandits make Stallone run hard, as for no reason then then at least show us how bad they are - to have any doubt. And for those who may still doubt how wicked people are evil, they despise, boast, and go in the wrong way. Everyone believes? Good. You would like to be. Otherwise the authors will give us a great deal of twenties of school children, to make sure that the badness of bad people is glass for everyone. How has he been in hell for a trap? First, he must have warned and MTV airhead about criminals, and secondly, he must have heard the Stallone Sounds and Rooker on the walkie-talkies. The whole group of emotional dialogue takes place, while Lithgow has the right respect to get more silly lines. "Get away from me!" Lithgow: "I haven't even started up your back." Or, Lithgow for Stallone: ​​"We had a program, but now we just have!" And for the group of Lithgow killers: these seem to never want to kill immediately. They are very creative on it; their philosophy, pretending to play soccer with your body, and so on. <br /> <br /> Stallone cooperation-wrote this. I don't know what drugs he had when he did it. I would think this script is bad because of the IQ below.
