Looking at Cliffhanger makes me a nostalgic for 90 years, early when every new movie action can be described as "Die Hard in / over." Cliffhanger is a "dead hard on the mountain," and very good, why it is. <br /> <br /> But unlike 57 passengers and Under Siege, which is a good disaster for Die Hard for themselves, Cliffhanger provides and enclosed a sense of multiple film action and involves a breathtaking theme that, for their size, threatens overwhelm with ignore the conflicts of people fighting and dying between peaks. <br /> <br /> Years before other movies like Simple Plan and Fargo exaggerated crime and murder and snowbound sites, cliffhanger director Renny Harlin identified the visual effects of ruthless brutal cruelty and fatal fights to survive against cold and different natural landscapes. The sequence opening has already received a great reputation, all that deserves: its importance enables us to forget the camera feature and actors and just believe that what we see is happening. Even Harlin's shot of the animal stuffed, which has the power to act but still threatens to be very joke (with which he again in Deep Blue Sea), or a ridiculous expression on the Ralph Waite's face, can dim the sequence of. <br /> <br /> The second amazing piece is a gunfight and a heist in the airplane. As written by Stallone and Michael France and directed by Harlin, the audience has entered into that stage without realizing who the agents are involved in theft and who are not: double crosses of blood are not expected. As Roger Ebert said, the pastor who made the transfer in the air between the birds deserves special recognition. Later, during the sequence of the sea, one of the terrorists / thieves appears to be falling as if the snow wall takes him to the mountain. So I know, nobody was killed when making this film (a little miracle, based on the strict nature of some stunts), so definitely dummy was used to shoot. But the shot itself is still amazing because we are left wondering how Harlin (or more likely one of the leaders of the second unit) knew exactly where the camera's location. <br /> <br /> I'll take Sly Stallone as my hero hero every day of the week, because he is one of the few stars of the film I ever seen who is quite convincing if a person can withstand a lot of physical and emotional pain, and at the same time he feels that pain. The role of Gabe Walker encourages the powers of the Stallone Actors: plays the old hero, the most dangerous to act, with the power of a very low key as a savior of a mountain who must redeem himself. Unlike many today's matrix publications, the strongest comic heroes of the book, Stallone's Walker is a typical person who becomes a hero without any exciting or computer capabilities. In Cliffhanger, the hero almost strikes death, and his clothes begin to show great tears as he escapes an emergency one after another. He winces when he hit and bleeds when he cut, especially in the cave sequence when he takes a rocky-style pummeling from one of the rabies dog rats. It should be noted that the bad guys are really despicable to contribute to the effectiveness of the film: when I saw this film first when I was young, I was being put to good people every way along the way and expecting when another bad guy would pull dust (or rather, ice) ; when I really failed to cheer as one of the cold-blooded characters in the movie deservedly got a violent death. <br /> <br /> Lithgow's British accent is like an unconvincing as a typical model of a typical flight or a helicopter model, but he essentially a good actor, and one of the few who can fully read silly conversations: at one location, watch his hostages Stallone and Rooker, trying to determine it is the task of giving them, actually says "You, stay You, fetch !!" Even the best actor, such as Anthony Hopkins, may have problems with that line. <br /> <br /> Even though Cliffhanger regularly gives loyalty aside, it does just that for more leisure show. <Br /> <br /> Earlier in the movie, for example, Lithgow says one of her men "Pensioners [Stallone] when it comes." No real criminal farmer could make these mistakes without knowing: his ignorance enables the Rooker to shout up to Sly on the surface of the rock, and this is facing a fight between Stallone and bad people trying to throw a string tied to the leg. Lithgow could give his orders in a more subtle way, but the chain might not have been very happy to see if he did not give Rooker a clear opportunity to brag on his host. It was done very much in the style of Saturday afternoon or (sometimes) Western, Cliffhanger is based on a solid foundation that holds some of the weak elements that would have caused a small film. In addition to the clear examples of the above-mentioned aircraft, the shortest time includes several instances in the local cheap sets and real fake snow, as well as two other events involving bats and wolves which appear to be unnecessary in the story filled with action. Finally, Harlin's choice of some deaths of slow death seems to be useless, because the technique does not give anything to events. <br /> <br /> It is a shame that Stallone is now very old for filming action, because his behavior in this film seems to be reliable that of course I wonder what he would be like years later. But perhaps it is better that Cliffhanger stands himself at all, without end: there is enough tired and old film franchises ready. There was an informal sequel that calls itself the Rate of Testing: compared to the string, Cliffhanger is on the list of 250 IMDb.
