Four detainees share one cell: the author of the author, Marcus (Clovis Cornillac); Marcus's best friend, Paquerette (Dimitri Rataud), who will eat anything in front of the pocket, beetles, and her younger sister; Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach), an intelligent reader killed by his wife; and Carrère (Gérald Laroche), a new boy who had already found the corporate fraud and is now considering run. After the brick collapsed from the cell wall, people discover a hidden book written by the Secretary of the Youth Secretary who has been making a cell in the 1920s. Is this newsletter hidden? Or is there something worse than it? I was a little tired on entering this film because the only other experience I have with Eric Valette was the Great Assistant Assistant (2008), which I consider to be the worst films released by the exhibitions I have ever seen. However, much of what was wrong with the failed Phone could possibly be associated with Klavan's bad script, because (if I remember) Valette's leadership was not the worst part of the film (unless he chose to insert a child). However, Maléfique was a good way to earn my respect again. . . is a French film (it's something I like) and it happens in prison (which is my second set of fear after breathing). So that's two points for him before the film even started. Fortunately, Valette was with me once the film was finished too. Maléfique is a deep story, rather than complicated, rather than compelling the loss and despair. . . The desire and need to bring fantasies to reality. While not a fearful film in the traditional sense, the perversion of its power makes it a horrible thing. The period between the peak and the conclusion is some of the best films that I have seen for some time and I would wholeheartedly recommend to anyone who wants good psychological thriller and cool winter cool. The last decision: 8.5 / 10. The little you used by Valette. Note: Paramount took the right to restructure the United States (extraordinary surprise). It has been found in 2009. I'm not sure why, being honest, because this doesn't seem like something that will be a big money in the country. But, I'm wondering before. Vive La France! <br /> <br /> -AP3-
