The movie stations on four criminals, imprisoned in prison who want to escape from their cell, hoping to be an amazing black magic book, written by a former prisoner near 1920, called Danvers who wanted to use links to keep his young skin. br> / Carrère (Gérald Laroche) criminal trafficking techniques (shortcuts) have been imprisoned with three wonderful female girls. Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), Marcus' love-Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud) who eats the things he touches (and has been imprisoned for eating his six-month-old sister) and obeys her obedience as “she” was her mother, and Lassalle scholar (Philippe). Laudenbach) without reading, or eating breakfast. (The end is that he killed his wife during that day). The film follows Carrère reading from this book, trying to understand what it means to get money from his prison. Carrère loves her child, and for a while she believes his wife will give him out in advance for bail. When she gives, Carrère begins slowly and hate, and she wants to see and hold her beloved baby. Carrère's hard critic is Marcus, who desires to be fully feminine, with a violation of several male characteristics, such as working out and taking a leak stand. He speaks hard and uses his muscles as a form of fear, although inside it is a dangerous world. Pâquerette is under the control of Marcus and it happens as a canine to the master. It is even a terrifying scene where Pâquerette provides breast from Marcus! Lassalle is a mysterious secret, it opens us so that we can understand its ultimate motives and what lies in its sinful mind. Understanding of the mind, and making possible secrets from others, Lassalle is actually emphasizing following the mysteries of this book. Recently, those who are not a threat to the book seek their "true" escape, not so much from the core of the four walls, but the essence that fits their real desires. After a massacre, the book is thrown out of the room with a very impressive character that comes into a film with a camcorder as if it was a new owner ... who is this and how does he understand the power of the book, and better yet, how to use it? From time to time in this film every one of the prisoners is often seen looking out of their window around the world without access. I am happy to have a chance to watch this film. It takes out as "Cotton Monkey", the characters find what they want, but the price must be reached. There is a year in the film, an amazing time of violence, but, in my opinion, this is the very first story run by story. Gore is a product of what the book declares. One group finds its feet standing while standing in heaven, while the opening of the gris shows the left-out murder after one man's desire. We see the fate of Danver at the end, and a great series of special effects on a newborn child. The risk of Lassalle is a great series of results. I will say Maléfique, through the leadership of Eric Valette well, he held my attention, and since the only film (.. about 95% film is the only place, the prison cell) doesn't seem to drag. I think that is an agreement for interesting actors and interesting features, not to mention a compelling story using an unusual to run.
