French fear of cinema has seen something of revival over the past few years and beautiful films such as Internal and Romance Romance erupted in the area. Maléfique just started a little revival, but it stands up with the head and shoulders on many modern names of fear and it is indeed one of the best French films! Maléfique was obviously beaten by a low budget, but this has been done more than one by the nature of the film, and this is also recommended by writing better and acting that ensures the film is a winner. This plan focuses on two main ideas; in prison with black magic. The main character is a man named Carrère, was sent to prison for fraud. He is placed in the cell with three others; Lassalle's silently quietly, the body manufacturer Marvestus Marcus and her long-term Daisy partner. After a short time in the cell together, they are found to hide in a wall with an old paper. After translating his part, they will soon be aware of their magical abilities and realize that they can use it to break through the prison walls. <br /> <br /> Black Magic is a very interesting topic, and I am really quite surprised that there is no more film according to that there is a lot of things to do with it. It is right to say that Maléfique makes the best assets despite the obstacles, the film is not very good to prevent and manage properly. Director Eric Valette provides a good atmosphere for film; The fact that many happens in the center of the main prison ensures that the film feels very claustrophobic, and this is greatly beneficial to the main idea of ​​prisoners who want to use magic to disappear in the cells - it's very easy to get back to them! They often say that it is unclear what is the fear of the people, and this film proves that if the director ensures that we can never be sure of what is around the corner, and this helps ensure that Maléfique can really be afraid! The film does not remember for many reasons outside the main plot; All the characters are interesting in their own way and the fact that the book itself almost takes its own character is very well. Anyone who worries that the film is not suitable for the end will not criticize whether it is the right end and it can be very frightening! In general, Maléfique is a very awesome movie and one of the best of the decade - Recommended to watch!
