If you are one of those who happily identify names such as 'The Book of the Dead', 'Eibon' book or 'Necronomicon', then you should feel at home with Malefique, a film that also has a magic ticket, one with the ability to change the suggestions of all involved. Revealed by four French prisoners who are involved in the cell, the fearful thing is standing on the wall with Danvers, a retired genocide survivor in the 1920s; a man who was engaging in rejuvenation and black art before suddenly arose. The audience of this book is Carrère (Gérald Laroche) who was beaten by his wife, Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) who hopes to be a woman but at the same time the body builds to implement the escape plan, half-half (Dimitri Rataud) who once ate a sister his child, and Marcus 'reader' (Clovis Cornillac), thinks he was taken mad by reading, who killed his wife. Reminding a viewer of the Animal Animal Beast, male male in the Fight Club (1999), Lassalle begins as a major member of the quartet, who is mainly protecting the small Pâquerette. By coming to the book however, with a greater need to appreciate its risky contents, Marcus takes the greatest importance. At first point of guarantee early, at the same time Carrère takes over academic interests in events. Suddenly she also needs a quick escape option and, as a trial of prisoners, the book of Danvers begins to reveal some of its awesome powers ... It was placed in a large part of the prison cell, and between four or five characters, Malefique has an air of the most suitable claustrophobic issue (including a small budget of filmmakers). Only at the beginning and then at the conclusion we can leave the cell button, the key opening that serves only to emphasize damage, the closure of the case elsewhere. More than anything, this is a film about the siege, or as a victim of your past mistakes or magic events now happening. "I will escape," says Carrère at the beginning of the film, likes more than anything to be reunited with his wife and son. If he does this he will have a terrible price, and the fury of the film is that the last type of 'escape' cannot be a person who can think. <br /> <br /> With all of its budget constraints is very much for the director of the first time Eric Vallette that his film succeeds as it did. As critics have seen, it is a powerful Freudian film of power - Lassalle of mammal and common mammals for adults; a feminine picture that comes into life and keeps an eye; an adult who gives birth to a fetus; Danvers' original fetish fetch; The dark essence like the first belly that 'delivery' is waiting, etc. For many interesting issues on the script of Vallette difficult to put the wrong foot, and he succeeds in creating a real split out of what, when you come to it, it's a matter of four, bunks four, one folding table and book. In fact, growing, Lovecraftian frisson if men call on unknown darkness from within its pages, when one or two times - the vagina described above, or what happens to Pâquerette - is not remembered for failure. Increased incidence of darkness in Malefique is deliberately, refusing to cut quickly to a lot of Hollywood products: a technique of video culture that often prevents the horrible eyes for a quick fix and gore. Perhaps this is Europe's particular way, if one remembers the same, the measurement of an alarming fear taken in films such as Verhoeven's The Fourth Man (1983) - a film which also shares the worst picture around the reduced eye. <Br /> <br /> Strapped in 1.85: 1, Malefique benefits from the best displays and, if at least the viewer at least, the conclusion was not easy to describe as possible, the last shot was worth taking. Coming soon after the release of the most favorable haute tension (aka: Switchblade Romance, 2003), this is another reason to be grateful that the awesome films are coming back from the French industry, this time it was only the only useful product. came from Asia
