Beautiful horror movies from France are very rare, and it's easy to see why! At any time a talented filmmaker presents a new film, moving towards Hollywood's glory soon after leading a great remake of the most popular classic movie budget! What? How can France create the worst fears when their leader's leaders leave the country after just one film? "High tension" was a fantastic film and it received Alexandre Aja (one way?) Ticket to the Nations to restore "Mountains and Eyes" (which did violently, I could add). Eric Valette's long term "Maléfique" was a very promising and exciting picture too, and already far from Hollywood and also leading the remake of hit-story story of Takashi Miike to hit "One Missed Call". So there are two talented Frenchmen who cannot make any film in their recent country recently. "Maléfique" is a simple but effective chiller that requires some patience from its slow start, but once the plot goes well, it gives a great tension to the atmosphere and a few of the extraordinary special effects. The film is performed in one place and only starts four characters. We are in the prison center of prison in prison with four people. The new arrival is a trader who was sentenced to a time of fraud, the elderly and "wise" prisoners killed his wife and then there is a female farmer and a scourge who has a disability to be completed. They find an old magazine in their cell wall, a 1920-year-old killer who is specialized in black magic rituals and common ways of escape. Four prisoners begin to prepare their plan to run through the amazing ways of the book, just to recognize magic is something that shouldn't mix? Eric Valette is volunteering for the time of the four characters of the four characters, which often cause smaller and better plots, but all of its reasons are open at the top of the gruesome when the book suddenly becomes a kind of Wishmaster-device. "Maléfique" is a dark film, horizontal to the trustrophobic tension trucks and several distorted details on human behavior. Looking ahead to a certain American producer of wealth to decide to make it with four beautiful young actors in non-reliable roles of hard criminals.
