Maléfique is a very interesting movie. It's alloy non-winning and failure. The main idea is good, three wonderful prisoners are joining the fourth (which the audience knows and) and are trying to escape from their cell by using the magic book they find inside the walls of the cell. The sky is well integrated, reminds me to read about the stay in Edmond Dantes' prison in Château d'If (before being the Count of Monte Cristo). The director implies that the perpetrators are bound by the cell, especially the behavior we need to recognize and (Carrère - the white offender of the white gold that the crime is not known, but the need for fraud can be deception). On one occasion Carrère comes when he leaves the cell for exercise and has a cell door to bind; we never leave the cell, claustrophobia is uneven. There is also no prison shots outside the cell, and the view of the bars is the sun of lust on a regular prison wall. So although the film seems to be very modern, it has a sense of the old world of closure. <br /> <br /> The characters are attracted. We have Marcus, a woman who had sexual abuse who plays an insulting mother with Pâquerette (French for Daisy) a seriously injured boy. Pâquerette likes to eat everything she sees good, and unfortunately this includes her sister, so her current status (I would like to comment on internalisation, very first). Lasalle is removed, an elderly man, to kill his wife cruelly. The central message of the movie is that your desires will destroy you, and there is a worship that goes with it. I think that's so sad, seeing people destroying themselves. It has a real life ring. The sound of a simple voice is well standing, every inner step in a hurry is dominated by a gong noise. I feel hearing the gong now every time I do something perishable. I think one of the problem of the plot is that the end of the characters did not reinforce the message regularly, especially for Carrère, also the concept of the book seems to change in all the films, not with the revelations either. I also think that some of the pictures that we see are romantic, more than design than they are implemented, such as the "feminine eye", and the sodomy of Lasalle, for me, the photographs completely hollow. Finally the film feels like a director is in a rush to get rid of it, and other things don't seem logical, for example we've been caused by a reliable belief about Carrère's child. This does not change the fact though what we have here is that the most common bird, "movie" is awesome. No dude or type of comedic hardness, like Cube (1997 / Natali), a clear film of comparison, is an experience of total immersion, where you hear if you're in the cell with the characters. This last comment I make about that is "fresh experience" I think is something that others have also explained and that's the same point. <br /> <br /> In a private note my favorite part of the film is when Lasalle speaks about his past as a reader. He clearly explains the place he is going to work one day and sits in his usual position in the middle of the room where all the books are arranged in a circle around him. The books seem to sing that he will never have their knowledge. This causes Lasalle to be mad. That's really a problem of quarrels and understanding and skills. It's something that I felt. The last one view is that two of the comments received well on the board have mixed the names of the characters. To assure that Lasalle is a character of an old library, just click on the Philippe Laudenbach page and you will see it was born in 1936.
