Hal Hartley's influence in Adrienne Shelly's "I'll Take You There" is not overt, but clearly has a connection to his work (Shelly has done in two of Hartley's film). Not only his film shows very good details, but powerful and powerful characters provide human emotions for real light. Although this film is not surprising to all (thank God), small and subtle ironies that pepper piece describes the reality of bitterness in love and lose. With beautiful displays and sound sounds straight from the seventy years, "I will see you there" is a good film of the film that does not fade with the secrets of common time when dealing with the concerns of love and the reality of human emotions. <Br /> <br /> The film begins with the life of Bill falling into pieces. Not only did he tell his best friend the President at his home, but his wife Rose has left him to join Ray in success. All were drowned, Bill woke up in the darkness and his punishment until his sister Lucy (played with Adrienne Shelly's sister) brings every kind of surprise: a self-help book and a "date" of her brother who was ill. <br /> Bill does not want to refuse, but the sudden appearance of Bernice in her door did not choose them. Of course Bernice's first higher characteristic and ignorant hairstyle prevents its ability to "rebound" him. However, his pseudo and hippie behavior make fun of him and hate him for their first date. And Bernice is confused by his insulting remarks that he is involved with her, insisting on her. Why, we don't know ... unless perhaps the fact that he is psychologically. (And who is better to play psychologically than Ally Sheedy?) <br /> <br /> If you know that Bill wants to see Rose, Bernice offers his car, but with the condition of taking him first place. Along the way, he continues to hold Bill and his gun (Detective Pinkerton, not less). Lack of anger, hatred, liberation, enthusiasm and violence happens as Bill and Bernice find themselves in Ray and Rose's house ... of course, with a few stops.
