"Maléfique" is an example of how a horrible film can be effective without nothing more than a well-designed plot. His healing does not recognize the names, does not have a large budget and certainly there is no element of impact; but it is fundamentally supported by a well-written and well-written script, made well with the vision of a more stressful director on telling stories rather than offering cheaper deals. Eric Valette can't have a special name yet, but for "Maléfique", its length of length, confirms that it is at the level of people of the day as Jeunet, Gans or Aja. It is a story of four prisoners in the cell, four different men with very different backgrounds but for one purpose: to leave. Carrère (Gérald Laroche) gets in prison after being declared guilty of the millions of millions of fraud; Marcus female (Clovis Cornillac), Lassalle's intelligence (Philippe Laudenbach) and Pâquerette who opposed the mind (Dimitri Rataud), are all sentenced to murder and gives Carrère a cold. Their design will compete as Carrère gets an old book that tells how a former prisoner escaped through black magic. Written by Alexandre Charlo and Franck Magnier, "Maléfique" is a great mix of dark fantasy and fear in a way to remind you of the stories of Clive Barker. The most powerful action of the film is how it builds the characters, all of them are very selfish and different and a lot of tension and emphasis comes from their constant conflict. The amazing feature of the story is handled properly and generally provides a film to read the Gothic novel. Despite having a film about four men locked in a room, the movie is never available or bothers and, in fact, the isolation of the group increases feelings of unbelief, claustrophobia, and in particular, paranoia. Eric Valette makes good use of weather, weather and dumping to give life to a plot. Despite his lack of budget, he has created a talented film that has an original, fresh and very interesting film. His craft and antique work helps to make a powerful film despite a single scene, and the slightest films of the film are best created to create a heavy state of isolation and mistrust of the film. Very few displays of special effects are very good and Valette makes many trades for quality in a few but dangerous cases of the year. <br /> <br /> Anime is what makes this film work, and cast certainly deserves credit. Gérald Laroche is best like Carrère, the first innocent man, but hiding behind the dark. Philippe Laudenbach and Dimitri Rataud are also very effective, especially Rataud in his most demanding role. However, Clovis Cornillac who shows the show and its performance like Marcus, a strong and confused man who wants to be in himself. The characters are widely planted and thrown into many of them. <br /> <br /> The movie is strict, but not part of the error. Of course, one of the most notable is the lowest budget. Some of the effects of CGI are very low compared to the effectiveness of the preparation and transmission of genes used in other cases, however, not so bad for that. Probably the worst thing about "Maléfique" is that it seems to lose steam at the end when it focuses on the usual abnormal magic instead of characters, not so much of a bad thing but the latter can seem weak from that point of view. Everything, "Maléfique" is one of these awesome films that are coming from France recently, and one that has to be identified more. Valette is definitely a talent to follow like this common (with complex) common story is to prove its sufficient capacity. Personally, this film is a new favorite. 8/10
