Apart from a few titles and a new movie of Sherlock Holmes, I think I've watched every movie Guy Ritchie has directed. Twice. Needless to say, I am a big fan and Revolver is one of the reasons mentioned for what. This film is a very different technique from Ritchie, when you look at it with the Lock, Stock ... and Snatch. Revolver puts us to the psychological thriller of the kind as a gambling gambler finds himself in the mercy of an enemy who does not expect and walk for conversion that he did not know that he needed. With seeing André Benjamin's OutKast popularity strut its acting acting, standout other actions are Ray Liotta playing maniacal Mr. D / Macha and Mark Power play Sorter, hit someone. After being sent to prison by the owner of the casino attack, Macha, Jake spends his time in private to finesse the plot to humiliate Macha and strengthen his hand for compensation for seven years he spent. When he succeeds with a card game and produces a value from Macha, Jake finds himself on the side of death when he falls and is infected with an infectious disease that you have left three days to live. The pope team loan, however, and the answer for him with a life-only ticket as he gives all the money he has and relents to work for them, all in the plot all take Macha down and show Jake how dangerous he has made himself. Despite having the air of death closed, and a pair of shark loan to be a day farm for his money, Jake also has to deal with having to hit out on it, which introduces Sorter - hit someone under recruiting Macha. A comprehensive storytelling comes when Jake realizes that some of the prison partners spent time and in privacy can be very well-off that the shark loan team out of her take it for all she has to write all the unfortunate events that Jake seems to find her to enter. While faced with this reality though, Zack (Vincent Pastore) and Avi show Jake is the amount of compiled has been to be in privacy, being just a company of his mind and soul and then makes it so that his real existence is a dream even Jake. An unravels movie with a humiliating process for both Jake and Macha as both come to overcome their local demons. <br /> <br /> The movie's style is over-notch as you get gritty sense of the world crime represented by the inclusive characters. Although many of Ritchie's original images are here it still has its presence from the discussion, sets and experiments on the gangster type. It is also a great journey on humility and realization when you can easily allow your ego or a fancy idea to be able to complete what you want or to win what you need. The characters are well-defined in this film and the sides are covered and, in fact, with Ritchie style, all are locked up by selfishness that gives us a wrench on everyone's affairs. I could and would like to continue with this film with its unique creatures but I don't want to take it away if you haven't seen it yet. It can take a few sessions to review all buttons but it's a good movie and it should be seen. If you are lucky and you have not seen the American freedom of water, see if you can get an original version of the UK if it makes a piece of discussion between friends as you try to photograph in taking. I saw it with my staff almost early in 2006 and we are still talking about it and the little things we have taken today. It has set the state of his worship, and fit well as a film where Ritchie came out of the box and broke his little size. <br /> <br /> The Standing Line: "Fear or defend me, but please, I think it's special. We're dealing with addiction. We're a junkies permit."
