Well ... this film has now been directed by critics and billboards on the same board (although playing the devil's pastor can suggest that critics are often people who have not done themselves as filmmakers, and often people who films who have not done themselves as critics) so I wanted to stay at the corner of Guy with a sponge spray maybe perhaps some people who decided not to see the film according to how everyone looks looking down their joint nose. <br /> <br /> A great movie film to get great help is how unexpected it is. This is often described as making the film "impossible" for the viewer. The summary of the film is an abnormal amount and the characters are used not only the way to talk the story but as a device to show us the thought of the trick (or not of the cunning) of the pleasure we offer things like we keep them in memory, IE. The character of Ray Liotta with a gun saying the words "fear me" is shown as both pathetic (from Statham's POV) or questioned by courage (from the POOT of Liotta). This is one example of the Ritchie's most mature way that he has taken to make movies with Revolver, we have a story of a story which is a good archetypal (power but a silent hero fight with a hero given from jail to a stay score but gets drawn certainly to be in the world of corruption ... I mean it is a color and a number of film films here, all the way under the unfamiliar choice of diction and false sounds) but then Guy has taken this system to make a number of points of philosophy and hard. <br /> <br /> Take a place where Jason Statham's behavior is driving. This waste chain could be removed from the film and did not make any difference to the story ... but Ritchie makes a point about how such a occurrence such as receiving phone calls can make a difference between life and death. <Br /> <br /> So the last action of the movie is a good sense of trembling, I would like to take p * ss if I say I didn't use the last 20 minutes or so the film turns up to my date to "... wtf?" but that is the worst reason to ignore the piece of art. It's very easy to love something because you find it hard to understand. And even easier to say "well no one else seemed to understand so it must be a real turd film!". In my humble view, Revolver is a modern, large and sophisticated piece that should be greeted in the same way that we can provide the work of Brother Saatchi. If we choose this opportunity together to say "Ah sh * t, I wanted a film about the load of bleeding" cockney robbers in the nit loll ... Guy Ritchie is tit! "then the day will come when filmmakers are only allowed to do what is expected of them for the poor, unhappy people. Because Guy made a name for the funny cocktail spirit, the symmetry can not be deep without" engaging ".
