I recommend a family if possible, to show this to older children alone. For some of the things in this film perhaps also bothers the small handle. Now that that's far, I would like to explain about this movie. This is actually the text of the wolf, who at first is protecting his territory and looking for a partner. Beginning with the beautiful sun and color symbols, it is a breath to take. You were better around in as many settings as possible, you will find it bad later. They paid names and names of vixen, but I can't remember what is interesting to them. He fights with this invader man, to win his love. They later create a cave, and vixen bears four interesting cubs, which are blind. The first victims are the blind pup, who gets close to the high wave and is lit. The second victim is a mother, who when the chicken is stolen by the chicken chickens into the river. He doesn't know it gets in the foot of the foot. While trying to escape it drives off the leg of his foot, making him fall away to death. Some family members of the foxes are forced to see him die under a tree. Now the man is one father, he has to take the course of the mother and father. He alone teaches them the skills they need for life. Later it proves that it is insufficient, when two of the pups planted now meet their own fate; thanks to the indifference and cruelty of man. I can not destroy the amazing end of you, but it shows the farmer and his dog next to his tail. I wanted to say that I saw this when it happened in the early 1980s, when we had something called Showbiz cable.I had only 4 when I saw it, but I couldn't understand why they didn't see it all. Now I know why, after looking at it secretly when you came to Disney, when I was 9 years old, I felt emotionally after seeing all these evils going on. This is what they are looking for. These writers wanted to get a message on these types of risk, and I expected a job. Attacking the land, killing away the fox of large prey, and the unintentional killing of these beautiful animals, has led to danger. I want them to make a sequel for this movie, (Glacier Fox 2005) to see if they are treated better. to be close to a male student named Teresa and his growing brothers. This movie also shows what happens to human families sometimes, especially when one of the parents dies suddenly. The surviving parent takes the lead of both, and tries to teach important lessons of life. Not always protect them when they are adults, especially when some of their lives are lost. the music I heard.
