Although "Sopranos" is still another gift from the megahit "Godfather" and sequels, which dramatized and somehow shine mafia, "The Sopranos" takes another tack. There are no matching attractions, celebrity groups here and Lake Tahoe and Vegas casinos - these men are goombahs, and the presence of waste management, who are involved in trucks behind the trucks, top bars, immune funds - for shortly, what the neighboring residents were all about. The color of the color dominates this series, which does not exclude sexual violence and graphic. Tony Soprano (James Gandolfini) is the head of the group and wife and two children, living in New Jersey, who are faced with panic attacks if he tries to balance his biological family with his one mafia. To reach the bottom of his attack, he sees psychiatrist, Jennifer Melfi (Lorraine Bracco), who is afraid of him and is still impressed with her at the same time. Tony's pastor - Paulie, his nephew Christopher, his uncle's uncle (his renowned head), his best friend Pussy - are all the best characters. When we learn through the series, there are enemies not only from outside, but from inside, and one of these enemies includes a sick but frightening mother (Nancy Marchand), who influences Junior that Tony is dangerous to him. Tony Janice's sister, meanwhile, is looking for money in her mother's house and stethoscope with the Geiger counter. Tony has problems with grandmother, and wife (Edie Falco) who puts so much because she loves him, all the time he puts relationships with her Catholic religion. "The church says about divorce," she says to one woman thinking of division. "Let the Pope live with him," is the answer. In addition to the problem of Tony's grandmother, her psychologist says that Tony is attracted to demanding women who have nothing to do with, and asking her if it seems to be normal. Well, it looks like his mother. I am of Italian descent, and yes, I have Italian patients made with bad light and everyone thinks all of Italy is an animal. However you can not help the similarity to this show, which is a regular reference to our culture. (Thanks, described, not turkey and sweet potato - antipasto, manicotti, meatballs and escarole, and then flight!) Of course, the right to translate words like mullinyan, escarole (scarole), manicotti (manigot) etc. Anything that is not Italian about Tony is that they do not have a finished floor, something that is not heard in all my family (except my parents didn't have one either). <br /> <br /> The settings in this show are Gandolfini, like a ruthless gangster on those who despise, Falco, who is brilliant as his wife, and Bracco as Jennifer tortured. But everyone is better. If you can pick up violence and language, this is a great show, an incomprehensible picture of the life of New Jersey.
