I have now read the inappropriate review of this show on this site and I am quite impressed. For anyone even thinking that Sopranos is not a TV then I'm afraid I don't know the world has come. I would like to tell you something. I began to look at a lot of T.V exhibitions like Lost, Break Prison, Dexter, Deadwood and even invasion. But all of this shows their loss after the first season, especially losing and imprisonment in which I refuse to look because the companies took on mind 2 ideas and made it to do more than one season. Then we have Sopranos. I can honestly say that this is the only television series I have ever seen where I have been happy all the time of its season, and most importantly all its periods. No department which show this is not recommended. Working - There is nothing too few. James Gandolfini is one of my favorites and I feel that his acting is stunning in every section, after hearing that HBO wanted Ray Liotta to play Tony I felt that it would be the best choice, even after looking at the first few events, I knew that HBO did A great job in capturing James as Tony. The raw feeling he displays is very good. Then we have everyone else, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Dominic Chianese (who remembered as Johnny Ola in Godfather Part 2) and my two favorite friends Tony Sirico and Steve Van Zandt Paulie 'Walnuts' Gualtieri and Silvio Dante. All these actors make the best quality, and all provide excellent performance in each section. Then we have a story, I've never been included in the T.V festival before. The story is very few. Each section dominates superbly and the logo of this show is just amazing. I feel that Sopranos is a single show that I can watch constantly and never get bored. It had everything from the humor of pride and brutal abuse, but nevertheless it will always be the most beautiful thing of the TV, and I encourage anyone to find a real deficit in the show. Not just saying it is very violent, or they feel that Tony's behavior is immoral, I mean to show mafia at the end of the day, I don't think the characters will be honest or faithful to God. I urge everyone to watch this show because they believe me, you will be taken from the very first place, I had found a few friends who refused first to watch the show, using it. I believe when I say that this show is Mungusend compared to a crap that comes on TV After watching the first season, you will agree with me when I once again say that this show leads Television, and no TV show now or the future will stand a wonderful which is Sopranos .
