Not only stories of stories in "Sopranos" involve viewers from everywhere, but I think (for me at least) what brings the audience back is acting. (Even you, Gary, you can resist the claim) James Gandolfini, who plays a man shot, Tony Soprano, has been (in view of this viewer) one of the "Hollywood elite" as far as acting in the television series goes. I can't continue to compare it with Robert DeNiro or Al Pacino, or at least, not just yet. He, however, does the hell of the work of Tony Soprano. In the years since 1999, Gandolfini has grown as an actor (mainly due to his role in Sopranos) that today he is considered to be among the best in business. And not just. "Sopranos" big farms help cast along with that of Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Dominic Chianese, and late Nancy Marchand who played Tony's awesome mother. At this point in the presence of the show, it is considered to be a cult-classic and certainly so. The first two times were amazing. Violence and violence completely in a constant way, but of course, usually. The third season was enormous, but it did not quite live up to the Hype of the 1st and 2nd seasons. With a dry-spell, it has not yet found it (season 4 of "Sopranos") to be more entertaining than most of its competitions and therefore say many words because lately I have been recognizing the trend of good television shows. Examples of this: Six Feet Under, Shield, Curb Your passion, and oz (which are not technically new show but end up with an unforgettable season of the year). To return to my point though, consider better than all the competition during the worst year, not less, it is quite successful for the authors. "Sopranos" is growing up and over all TV sets in its era and its authors deserve a large loan. In order to be closed, I would like to say, "Sopranos" is a true program of people. For an average mature viewer (17 and above) who enjoys drama and does not know to mix with a little violence and dirt, you might want to look at "Sopranos" if you get a chance. Believe me for it will be worth the time.
