I did not think of it this way, but my friend said the first thing he thought when he heard the head "Midnight Cowboy" was homosexual. At that time, all that I knew was a memory given during the "Seinfeld" period and Jerry trying to get Kramer to Florida on that bus with all the patients of Kramer and breathing. <br /> <br /> The movie was good, and awesome upbeat and not all pissy desperate desires like some movies I can not even remember because they are all crap. The plot was essentially with a youngboy cowboy Joe Buck to New York trying to be a hustler (male, essentially), thinking it would be easy to take, just hit the brick wall hard while a woman ends up visiting him, charging for to meet sex. It meets with Enrico Salvatore Rizzo, called "Ratso" and everyone with female girls who hate him all the time. You think of him as a scoundrel, but a loved one (like Han Solo or Lando Calrissian) and surprises him and Joe to be friends, and the movie is sweet and cheerful to look at that friend and such and such. Rizzo manifests himself as a sad, sad person who is very sick, very sad and feel himself, hates to be called "Ratso" and wants to go to Florida, where he thinks life will be better and all his problems will be solved, and he will learn to be a cook and famous there. Looking at Joe doing everything he does to take them to Florida, as well as a lot of hilari (like R attempt trying to steal food at a hippie party, and being infected by a woman who says "Gee, well, you know, it's free .. you do not steal. ”and says“ well if it's free then I don't stealin 'it ”, and at that time it's not typed and unstable where Hoffman almost gets hit by that taxi, and cried“ Hey, I'm Walkin ”here I am Walkin 'here! "), And acting it so reliable, you' I don't believe Joe Buck will become a well-known actor and honored Jon Voight, and Ratso Rizzo will become a Dustin story and loved one. in the roles of leadership, but chemistry is thin and powerful. So there is a sad part that I believe is the most advanced to call it "depression". is sick, and on reach head-point on the bus towards Florida. He hurts badly, and just miles from Miami, finally dies on the bus. The bus driver assures everyone that nothing is wrong, and it is going on. Sadly, but not in a way that would cause you to go home and cry and talk around and sadly as if you have lost your dog for 13 years. <br /> <br /> All in all, a great movie. And the voice sounds only "Everyone is talking" "played every time the movie is suitable. The odd mistake, but it's good, if the song is good and fit with the sound of the movie perfectly. Go see, it's good, go tell it
