This is a good example of a beautiful, dumb movie. No, it is not the highest art in any way. No script almost anywhere with Woody Allen or Mel Brooks. But so WHAT! The series of Killer Tomatoes (four movies and a series of cartoon) are essentially good-nature blowing guns through the area where Zuckers ruled before turning to make big flicks. <br /> <br /> As a headline, this Fourth Phase of the Trilogy Killer Tomato deals with Killer Meat plot against France. In this case, Professor Gangrene (during the 3th of John Astin in the role) has a plan to rule over France through ancient prophecies about the return of the right king of France. Steve Lundquist returns like Igor, a humanoid tomato who wants to be a sportscaster and who just happens to be dead to the old King of France's lost. In fact he also plays the discussion of K of F, with the joy of enjoying the French language. <br /> <br /> Their objections are non-threatening tomatoes (such as others, FT was founded in the second film and will be the main character in the cartoon) and its humanitarian partners. Mark's price, recently unemployed as a result of the conclusion of FAMILY series, shows a unique version of disguise, as a "Michael J Fox" as a way to win the girl's dream. And Angela Visser is dreaming as Marie, by bouncing bouncing between the lower unabashed sex with the borderline psychosis. Oh that former Dutch Miss had more work on the film! Another member of the return of the stock company Killer Tomato is Rick Rockwell (now known as "Who Wants to Marry a Million"?). As the creator of cooperation John De Bello, Rockwell works in front and behind the camera in this series. What do you say about Jon De Bello? Not so much, in fact, except that he had a vision of unity and he was able to remove it and, after doing that, apparently dropped into calm. John, if you've ever seen this, thanks to throwing the Killer Tomato. <br /> <br /> Script is great but not definitely know that this is just a movie. If you turn to KILLER TOMATOES, such a step will always remove the set and center of film workers. And Mark Price has an interesting platform to complain about its lack of success compared to the old cost of Michael J Fox. This is the largest budget of all the flicks of the Killer and is a good sent to the series. Okay, the show moved to Fox Kids as a series of cartoon (which was also quite clever), but cartoons are not the same.
