I like COWBOY of MIDNIGHT and have it in my video collection as a good mine. What is interesting to me is that when MIDOWINE COWBOY came out of 1969, it was very surprising for the audience that it was rated X. Of course, then X refers to Maturity. Since I was only two years old at the time of the release of the film, it is difficult for me to imagine how the audience feared were back then. However, when I try to consider that many of the topics covered in the film, which includes prostitution (the name itself was slang for the male prostitute); homosexuality; solitude; physically (and significantly emotional and abuse) and drugs are difficult for most people to talk about this day, I can begin to get the view of this film's viewers thought about its release. It is important to note that in the 1970s, the MIDNIGHT COWBOY had decreased to R and even though it has been tested R, some cases can be counted PG-13 for today's standards. They want to give a brief summary although it is probably known next to anyone who has heard the film. Jon Voight has a boy named Joe Buck from Texas who decides that he can make it as a New York City husband to escort rich women. He shares the cowboy actors like Roy Rogers by wearing cowboy clothes thinking that it will attract women. After being rejected by all the women who came, she meets a good man named Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo who plays with Dustin Hoffman. Ratso persuades Joe that he can do all kinds of money if he has a manager. Once again, Joe is bound and long have no shelter. However, Joe comes to Ratso and has been invited to stay in a damaged apartment. Without giving away the plot, I want to say that the remainder of the film is involved with Joe and Ratso as they try to help each other in their efforts to achieve their dreams. I.E. Joe made it as a gigolo and Ratso to Florida where he thinks he can restore his health. <br /> <br /> I want to comment on the movie itself. First of all, acting is the best, especially leads. Although the movies are very sad from the beginning to the end, there are some classic events. In fact, there are some instances when they are not interested in being interesting, I see them love. For example, there is a classic area where Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight are walking down the city road and cab runs. Dustin Hoffman bangs on the cab and says "Hey, I'm walkin 'here! I'm walkin' here!" I get a kick from the area because it is usually New York City where many people are fast. Another part of the mind is the area where Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) sends Joe (Jon Voight) to a boy named O'Daniel. Is it exciting is that for the first time, we think O'Daniel hides to hire gigolos and can see why Joe gets very excited but then we begin to realize that O'Daniel is nothing but a religious nut. In addition to the two cases mentioned, I would like the area where Ratso and Joe are competing in their home when Ratso says to Joe that his cowboy dress only attracts gay and Joe says to defend himself "John Wayne! You will tell me fag!" that. I could say even though MIDNIGHT COWBOY was put in the late 60's, most of them say the truth today. That is because although the area around the 42th Street in New York has been done through Disneyfication in the past several years, homelessness is still the same as it was 40 years ago. Also, many people have an unrealistic dream of how they are going to be bigger than just having their dreams broken like the behavior of Jon Voight. One thing that interests me about Jon Voight's behavior is how he lives and I felt at the end of the movie, he was very successful and that Ratso (the character of Dustin Hoffman) had a good influence on him. In conclusion, I want to say that I am suggesting that while watching this film, one should look at it at least several times because there are so many things going on. For example, there is a bunch of flashback and a dream system that made more sense to me after several comments. Also, what is interesting is that there is much in this film that has survived to such interpretations as happened to Joe Buck (Jon Voight's behavior) and people who were in his life in Texas. Even at the end, when I don't want to give away to those who have not seen the movie, it's rather ended.
