Jon Voight plays a man named Joe. Joe is inspired by the haunting childhood. He is terrified and hateful religion because of his terrible baptism. He allows his work as a dishwasher and goes out to be a shepherd for rich people. He meets a worker named Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) and two for a relationship. They go out and work together to help each other. They become thieves. They all grow very close and they are soon unable to live without each other. However, there is something very important that Ratso has not told Joe, and it can destroy any hope that lives with the city. This is one of the largest films made. It stimulates the heart and loses the image of people who are not alone alone who have nothing to lose but each other. Their stories are bad to see, but ultimately it is important for people to see. It's one of those films where the characters are pretty much like people who seem to be mad sometimes finds on the street. The difference is that this film comes from their view. Their lives have been shown to us and it is bad to see immigrants in this film treat them as clay, especially if we once were one of those people. However, the film does not try to return your guilt. Instead, it shows you the worst side of the hitting life. It is not a good and exciting life like many Hollywood films such as MILK MONEY and PRETTY WOMAN. The life of a male hustler is dirty, delicate, and bad living and it is sad that people have separated themselves as Joe's character in this film. What is so very interesting about this film is that it came out in 1969, and stood the test time perfectly. Today's viewers will continue to have great meaning in this film and will still love it and respect it as critics and viewers did it everywhere in 1969. The film was tested X, but what I see about this film is that sex is shown in a more realistic, realistic way , and effective. Anyone who has made love before will know how humorous, awkward, and scary like hell can have this film does not shy with any of it. Sex in this film can be as graphic as in once thought to be. Films that were rated X such as COWBOY OF MIDNIGHT, ORANGE CLOCKWORK, VIDOMO, LAST LATEST IN Paris, and FRITZ THE CAT all seem to have a very good reputation compared to the terrible things that people can get away from R today. Sexual features in MIDOWINE COWBOY appear to be strong but they are not good. They are not clear, but they are true, and they should remember when they watch this film. The language course used in the film, especially the word "fag" is used effectively and not free. Violence is very horrible to see even today, but again it is important to plot to describe the world of hustler. I am pleased to see that COWBOY of MIDNIGHT has not been identified and still affects as it was in 1969, if not more. I can not recommend this classic enough and I hope that it continues to get the audience because it is a very special experience and not easy that soon will be forgotten. >: She has never played such roles before or since and is quite different from the usual. You will forget who plays them in a minute! It 's all the dated or camping as many ten-year films have come as today br>> <br /> CONS: <br /> <br /> -English viewers only -
