The filtering, unhealthy, and beautiful, John Schlesinger's jewel is no more effective today than 35 years ago, when the US life was more stressful. The film is not possible at any time in history, because most of the chaos had taken place in the late 1960s: the ultimate reduction in the Great West of America, to intensify the war in Vietnam, and against the social values ​​that were surprising in various forms. The 'Midnight Cowboy' is known as the only award winning award for 'X' rating, but there is much more behind its popularity; also exceeds the size as a work of art. When this film (from the novel by James Leo Herlihy) has a lot to say about the lack of the life of America, it passes '60 politics' by looking at the secret bonds of friendship and dealing with the known worlds in everything. Two main characters, in fact, are the most common antiheroes - men who have nothing to offer but a lot of around about our world. The first 'Midnight Cowboy' view is about 28-year-old Joe Buck, the physical nature of Texas played by Jon Voight. In the opening events, we follow Joe's bus journey to New York City, where he plans to use one of his most talented talents - women's pleasure - and get his money as a hustler. We learn about his arrival that Joe is engaged in sex business. He dressed in cowboy dods and announced himself as a 'single gear studio,' Texan young man tries to explore his preliminary techniques before sharing with Enrico 'Ratso' Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sick man and a small thief from Bronx. Ratso, who is slow, thin, and hippo, shows a little financial support for Joe. They quickly lose money and if life is growing stronger in the winter months, Joe and Ratso tremble in the Manhattan apartment building that has a dollar or square meal for their names. It is over this period that strong friendships continue between them, two men rely on each other to fight off odds. In all films, Joe is listening to early years in Texas, including life and grandmother Sally (Ruth White), who once served as a guardian; her relationship with 'Crazy' Annie (Jennifer Salt), a beautiful girl; and the event that Joe and Annie were beaten by the people of the city who wanted to break the love affair. Its very long time, the terms of 'Midnight Cowboy' along with wild columns, a dream guide, and psychedelic images that convince the main characters are also misleading their backgrounds. For every time we get from Joe and Ratso, more questions about their lives are produced. All men have no doubt in practice; they do not have a clear understanding of the trend until Ringi gets into disease and Joe finally feels the purpose of living. This revelation pushes 'Midnight Cowboy' to its conclusion, a very optimistic person in a very bad story. While Joe and Ratso need unfortunate, John Schlesinger's leadership is clearly described and uses the gentle atmosphere of Waldo's Salt in allowing Voight and Hoffman to thrive. Their cooperation seems to be very natural and backed up, which shows Sylvia Miles, Brenda Vaccaro, and members of Andy Warhol clique, volunteering as an important part of the story. A series of flashback involving Empowerment, Ruth White, and Jennifer Salt is particularly surprising in dealing with breathing time. Every young person who asks himself about the psychedelic era is advised to watch this film, thanks to the movie Adam Holender ('The Boy Who Could Fly,' 'Moshi') and editing with Hugh Robertson ('Shaft'). The performance of the 'Midnight Cowboy' and his voice (gathered by John Barry) as a partnership unit, sometimes you see the music of the last two decades. The song guide everyone speaks to Nilsson, which was actually used as a track during the editing phase. The memorable theme of harmonica is played by Thielemans of Jean 'Toots'. Midnight Cowboy is released in the discs of two discs and MGM / UA, which has expanded articles and definitions. Also available is the release of the DVD of 1998 (used for this review), which offers two widescreen and common format and 5.1 Dolby Digital sound upgrade; subtitles of three languages ​​and closed captions; French 'dubbing'; the trailer of the release of ads (not 'original' as advertised); and the production page of the eighth page. All pieces of DVD have a 25-year recording film, showing its original beauty. This is very deserving of its three Oscars (the best pictures, Schlesinger, Salt Salt) and an additional selection (See, Hoffman, Sylvia Miles, Hugh Robertson), 'Midnight Cowboy' will be sure to hold its position on the default list. <br>> <br /> *** ½ between 4
