Although I love this film, I can't watch, it is true. So, I put it tonight and hid behind my computer bank. I remembered vividly, but I wanted to see if I could find something that I had not seen before ........ I wasn't: that's why it's true to me. <br /> <br /> Another "user" wrote the biography age should be displayed in their summary. I'm for that! It is quite clear that many of these people who have made a comment about “Midnight Cowboy” may not have been born when it was released. They say other movies Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman have been found inside, sometimes. I will be like real damage: I am 82. If you know my other opinion, you will know that I was a female female professional for 60 years, and you have also seen on the film - you can never recognize me, even if you knew My nightclub persona. Do you think I know a lot about the characters in this film? YOU WANT TO DO !! .... <br /> <br /> .... and not a little embarrassed. If you haven't entered - some of them, it's your loss - but, there is a great opportunity you have, but you didn't know. Many mothers, fathers, sons and daughters may be surprised. It should not be confidential Most vendors / actors appear from the "Midnight Cowboy" origin. Who will judge? I can mention several stars, the current BIG-TIME stars that were raised in the cities of most cities, and they were not destroyed a bit and their time spent there. I do not know the judgment, because these are human beings, as we all have - love, courage, kindness, compassion, understanding, humility: called praise, all there, regardless of the fund. The "trivia" about Hoffman actually begs the street to prove that he can do the role of "Ratzo" is a gem - he can be seen driving his car near Los Angeles - what do you think he gets inputs? I can also mention lots of men who stand on the streets and transport money bills. Although the night I worked for 26 years was popular and world-renowned, I can also mention many stars that were supposed to be expelled from our back road, seeking to perform surgery. <br /> <br /> This should not be surprising today, although it is definitely a step in Hollywood and other cities, big and small. Wake up and smell. They feel fragrant because they are of different colors. Some "users" thought "Joe Buck" was backed by his grandmother. Although I saw him on his bed with a boy, I had no incidents of it. Believe-or-not, children have never had their own rooms - for that reason they must today tell them something kinda kinky may be going in the master's bedroom. Whose business? Hoffman may have caused a change in the road, but some "users" cite that Jon Voight was not the main star of imitating "Midnight Cowboy" - his real salary is amazing. I think he was stolen! No one can have an explanation of the definitions he put in his place, nor did he make a star for a great job as "Rescue". He described a strong man who had won his spirit and was better for it: a few people explained that he was disturbed in this film. At the end of 60 years it may be one of the first films, but the community has always been. <br /> <br /> I also found any homosexuality between "Ratzo" and "Joe" - they were clearly opposite, disagreeable. They found the very best friendship - true friendship. If you don't understand that the end of the film, then you have lost your time. "Joe" amazingly, but the shameless worship was obvious. Yes, see He deserved Oscar for this role - which John Wayne could not smoke, and he was good during his youth. Hoffman is Hoffman - you expect fireworks. He gave them very good. Wayne got his Oscar. Each character in this film was well defined - if you think it is close, wrong. "Celebration"? - attend some "raves" young people attend ... if you can enter. See the line of people trying to get into fire clubs - you will see the personality of everything. Brenda Viccaro was the image of the colored women who should come down at another time. If you are shocked by his brilliant acting, thinking "this is not real", look at today's "women" who live in trouble .... and are interested in them. Cruel "Joe" was shown in stealing an old man, unfortunately, is also part of life. You don't have to force, but it's not much different than any abuse. "Joe" clearly stated his purpose - in that case, I would like to send them money more quickly than he requested. That's one of the events that makes this movie relax, which I don't see. I am frustrated by all ..... Anyone who had any part to unlock the screen must know that they were doing history, and should be proud of its honesty. Perhaps "only in America" ​​we can freeze our eyes with unhappy conditions, while other film actors do not make a cohesion to the public. Not looking useless does not exist - give me the truth every time. Bravo! for all ......
