Midnight Cowboy opens and runs down the exhibition park with a high voice character Joe Buck (Jon Voight) singing in the shower. She sings a cowboy song, something she tries to be. Joe takes his human life in Texas and transfers to New York City and dream of many women, and even more money. He dresses as a cowboy, but with a cartoonish style, even his friends take him to the weight. He starts his journey on the bus to NYC and we can see quickly how Joe grew through his cooperation with other passengers. This is a story to identify Joe for the real world reality. He starts as much think of the north he thinks he can do in NYC just for his good. He has no other reason to think otherwise, as they were useful in the past; we learn this from the many publications she has. At first flashbacks have been done in a way that shows them that they are modern. They are hazy and sounds seem to come from a great distance, as they are, coming out of the past. However, if Joe builds more and more within the truth of the NYC's worst case we see more of his past, which is no longer but powerful, published in black and white colors and quick editing to show the harsh nature of past events. This is especially evident in the course of her and her partner being beaten, and infected. In one of these dirt we see the building broken down bricks with bricks. This shows the way that Joe himself falls; naiveté which he once done is falling off it. He and Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) live in a marriage, and they can't get food to eat; Joe knows that he cannot live away from his appearance, that there is deception under New York that did not comment. His way of mirror shows the way that his true life looks. It is also used as a mirror for Joe, but in a different way; Ratso is the foil of Joe. Joe is a good, powerful man who, for the most part, has an outward appearance. Ratso, on the other hand, since the first time we see him sitting next to Joe in the bar we can tell him is the opposite. She is short, dark, and always wearing with sweat sweat. He understands how the world works, that it is forgiving, and sometimes it doesn't matter how hard you try to fail; as his father did. They live in the same world, even the same apartment, but they understand things at a different level. <br /> <br /> The theme of alienation, which is common at this time, looks very much in this film. Neither Joe nor Ratso didn't get into the culture around them. Joe feels that he is bound in Texas and that NYC is still a very alien. Ratso, who lives in the winter of NYC, wants to move to Florida the sun where he thinks he will get a good life. Although this is the best, in fantasy we get from the perspective of Ratso, it seems that he knows that never will fit into society. In that fantasy he turns to people living around him, is still a stranger, alienated from the community. It never reached the end that the gap between Joe and Ratso begins to decline. Joe resorts for violence; takes the city's attention to get money to finance the way to escape for Florida himself and Ratso. On the trip we see Joe coming out of the shop with no cowboy clothes that have never been in all the film. He is dressed as a man who appears to go to Florida for vacation. She wears Ratso in the same way; he tires to make them equal to the new community they enter, but it is wrong. On the death of Ratso on the bus, fellow passengers again look at them as out. Even in this new culture that they have entered, they can not avoid abandoning all the encounters in this film. Despite the death of Ratso, and Joe continued to separate, the film ends with hope that Joe can take his new skills on how the world works and create a better life than he could have a hustler in NYC. Midnight Cowboy is the best film showing the rough reality of society, and abandon, and stellar displays and Monitoring and Hoffman.
