"Midnight Cowboy" has never been a great movie to start with is classic. You know it's normal during his theme to emphasize, 'Everyone speaking' begins on the sound, (actually not written for the film), and how the camera leads us to Joe Buck, (naked and in the shower). We saw Yon Voight before but he never saw him but when he tells us he is a 'helluva stud' one who worries him? This was a good performance that had an iconic star as well as a thorough understanding of behavior and if it had never done anything else, its performance here will continue to be a story. As shown there is a constant disappointment on the screen; even a piece of ham is also healed if its performance in the "garbage" trick "Anaconda" is a source of pleasure). The film was known and deceptive around one night. It was the joy of the crowd, (even to the end of the end), funny and sexy to identify 'real'; (it was the end of the tail of sixty years and all the characters were true). It was also the 'X' of the first film to win Oscar as the Best Photo of the year. Used, (gently), and Waldo Salt from James Today Herlihy novel was perhaps the first of the American commercial movie to deal with 'taboo' studies as homosexuals and take drugs through reality. Everyone recognizes humanity, warts and all, and everyone is treated compassionately. Joe Buck is convicted outside the country, Candide who comes to New York to find his treasure as a pastor, (what he sees as interesting and not a seed, is a cross between a gigolo and a social worker). But when he himself is involved in shade, an adult called 'Ratso' Rizzo, (Dustin Hoffman, new from “Student” and he is a revelation), knows that perhaps the truth is a little different from the tap -dream. It is really a story of male love, (although quite a platonic), between these two unlikely bed. Both of them alone, all who need one another are the guardians of another, (see his physical abilities, Hoffman and his road savvy). They are caused by bad conditions from ordinary people, who are tolerant with their own characteristics and damage to others. Although 'direct' See not more than encounter homosexuals in 42 movies on the street with a young man alone than himself. (The entire film intends to the 'Christian' character). It was done well. While Height and Hoffman are copying the screens in there there are good vignettes from Brenda's Favorite Vaccaro and Sylvia Miles as well as John McGiver, Bob Balaban and Bernard Hughes as many customers and players, enjoying good behavior studies that appear to be acting in John Schlesinger offers a documentary feel of the document as well as a visitor of the American abstract view of the abdomen without refusing and criticized. For a second thought, maybe it's a good movie after all.
