John Schlesinger's 'Midnight Cowboy' is perhaps the most important to be the only film planned X in the history of the Academy in order to receive Oscar for the Best Photo. This was how I first came to hear, and, being totally honest, I wasn't expecting the film. This is not to say that I thought it would be terrible, but somehow I didn't think it was a kind of film that I would like to enjoy. Is this one reason why you should never believe your own nature on such behavior? A wonderful mix of stellar acting, haughty leadership and memorable voice (“Everyone speaks to me, I don't hear a word that they say '”) to make this film one of the best observations of life, naivety and friendship ever released. Buck (then-Jon Jonight), wearing pride like a rodeo cowboy, travels from Texas to New York for a new life like a hustler, a male. Women, however, do not seem to like to pay money for his services, and Joe faces living in extreme poverty as its supply of money begins to dry out. During these events, Joe comes to meet Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a disabled person who initially attempts to release Joe all his money. The same situation, Ratso gives Joe the chance to stay, and, working together, trying to do (significantly trust) live in themselves in a cold, hot city of New York. e had trusted herself that New York women would be more interested in sex; however, his first business business ends with a woman (Sylvia Miles) twenty dollars. Although he can see himself as knowledgeable, Ratso is like naïve like Joe. Ratso, with his hurt and cough cough, stresses every time that, if only he could travel to Miami's temperature, somehow everything would be all right. The worst prospects that things will be much better are remembering Lennie and George of John Steinbeck's novelism, 'of Manya and Men.' <br /> <br /> Shot exactly in New York's streets, 'Midnight Cowboy' 'is a real care in life in a home. Watching the film, we can only feel in Ringi's residence, unpleasant accommodations, our organs are full of cold winter. The act contributes to the effectiveness of this effectiveness, and Empowerment and Hoffman for transparency to show two pictures of modern society. Hoffman, in particular, is unique in his role (I'm Walkin 'here! I'm Walkin' here! '), Managing to make sure you have a good time after his very start in 1967' The Graduate. 'Both stars were chosen later for Best Actor Oscars (also selected for doing? Bafflingly? Was Sylvia Miles, for which it could not be for more than five minutes), although all eventually lost John Wayne in' True Grit. '' Midnight Cowboy 'finally won three Oscars from seven appointments, including the Best Photo, Schlesinger's Best and Best Quality for Waldo Salt. Midnight Cowboy is sold mainly through the line, although there are many barriers from Joe's history. Not explicitly explaining why this short text is about, listeners are invited to think about themselves, and how this environment could have led Joe to the way he is now doing. The last surprising event leaves us with hope of hope, but there is a lot of uncertainty. Judgment, stimulating thoughts and very interesting, 'Midnight Cowboy' is one for years.
