I sat down to watch "Midnight Cowboy" thinking it would be another overrated '60s /' 70 movie. Some of my favorite movies come from the 70s, in the same line as "Midnight Cowboy" ("Taxi Driver," "Cities of Meaning," "Fear in Soup Store," etc.) but there are many, many more like well that they have gained a good reputation among critics because of the decline of land - unfortunately the vast majority of them are not recommended today. I feel this way through "Easy Rider." (Although, it is also one of my favorites.) \ T It is a story of touch, well done and well told by some of the best exhibitions of all time. Dustin Hoffman, like Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, gives one of the best - it's a little funny occasionally (looks like a cartoon character when he speaks - maybe because of Lenny's / "Simpsons" link), but Hoffman is completely enticing. The budget budget of the film went to his payment if he was just a big star in Hollywood. On the contrary is the second compound of Yon Appearance as Joe Buck, a "cowboy" who goes to North Big Apple in the hope of being a male prostitute. Recently his way of ignorance is confusing and he is with a scandal artist called "Ratso" - who provides that Joe "manager" to a certain percentage of profit. <br /> <br /> The movie is very long two hours but never seems to be too long. Some films can walk, especially some of the films made in '70s because (as described in the' Simple, Bulls Raging 'Planners) directors were the movie stars in the 1970s and they often get a little too much hit by their material, they continue explore characters / scenes / etc. for a very long time. which is not necessary. Almost the only place I saw was a very long and compulsory drug party - it makes the movie seemingly long-term (similar to the odysseys of drugs in "Easy Rider") and really affects its flow because it is not needed. <Br /> <br /> Other than that, "Midnight Cowboy" is a non-image image. I was very surprised. It has its own mistakes (the restrictions are a bit better and not used as they could, for example) and some of these cases are bad (such as a gay video show series) but if you can handle its content "Midnight Cowboy" is a great picture of motion, uncertainty of life on the street at the end of the '60s / early' 70s. It is a repressive movie, yes, and with today's standards it may seem that it has never been over time and become heavier on perspective the freedom of "life is terrible, etc.." ... but still I love it and the end of the touch you will stay with me for a long, long time. It was highly recommended. One of the best '70' films. (It was released at the end of 1969 but I would like to make it to the 1970s film. It also won the Best Picture Oscar, being the first and only X-rated image to do so. R on appeal.) > 4.5 / 5
