The only reason I knew of Cowboy's midnight was because it was in the Top 100 Critic Critic. For about 100 not a very special movie; In fact, I had to look hard to get a copy, I got a DVD version for almost half the price. Surprise was only measured M15 + (version percent). I am sure many will see this review (more like a comment) so I will make it brief. This is one of the most amazing movies I have ever seen, because of the use of montages, photography (art gallery) and unusual themes. There are many things in the film yet I do not know (I have seen it twice), and makes the film of emotional confusion. <br /> <br /> Show and act is very good, and it's bigger than life characters that makes this memory remembered. The main character is Joe Buck, 'cowboy' from Texas who goes to New York to be a male prostitute. He meets a farmer with disabilities Enrico 'Ratso' Rizzo and, of course, have friends to go on regular trips. What makes the film interesting is the two characters are very different. I felt that the film did not promote the relationship between Buck and Enrico Rizzo for the audience to have any emotional relationship, although the latter is truly sad and sad. You may already know what is happening through review, but it is quite clear from the beginning. I / I personally think this film for beauty and explores its great theme. Human deprivation (depicted by the dark streets of the city, tenements broke down). Most of the characters in the film are more than the rules (conman, giggolo.etc) are still unable to help them. Joe Buck is excited because he is honest and hopeful, when we begin to feel compassion for Ratso later in the film. I think the film was rated high because it was actually breaking the ground for its period. At the time (And even now) it was definitely not an ordinary movie (quite art-house). While the cinema was dominated by the west of fatigue, music and dramas film with an unusual theme like Midnight Cowboy pops up. At a personal level, I must say I loved the film. The picture showed the quality of the dream. I loved very much the party's place, music, photography, etc. In your mind for a long time after watching. However, if the movie for entertainment was little missing (not really my style of the movie) in the thrills. This is a considered and respected film, rather than opening a cheap price. Though I was not difficult to see myself with the reputation of analyzing this film, the characters and their interests were very interesting. From what I understand from chaos, Joe Buck was sexually abused as a child with his grandmother, although he still doesn't seem to be important to the story. She is a fun-go-lucky student, who suppresses her black ideas. The religious words in the film are also amazing. Others have suggested homosexual cooperation between Buck and Ratso, although I can't see where you got the idea from. The homo-sex landscape is generally more touched in their conversation, and later in Joe Buck to meet someone alone, but it has little to do with the main story. Certainly from the technical stages of one of the best films over ten years (has more than 70s feel than 60s feel) and a revolution in its time touch on a few dozen movie lessons to wish to do. Although it has a simple, delightful story (hidden and intense hardness) the beauty of the film is in an extraordinary, often psychedelic process.
