"Semetary of Pet" succeeds with two main conditions. First, it's a scary movie of fear. Those who are not just born these days. Second, it is emotional, shade movie for the whole. So if you are looking for a disaster, it causes, it is interesting and wonderful appearance, good acting, dialongs, and bad effects; this is the movie you are looking for. A classic now and really should see for any Horror fan. <br /> <br /> Maybe, a good situation to deal with any novel of the King. These events feel that they have run a little bit compared to the novel, but that does not mean that this film is not the perfect achievement of Horror / Drama. Stephen King's novel is widely known to be emotional and pain at the same time. Movie takes the same feeling because there is a great development of behavior and you can feel a love relationship between its members. Then, when everything seems to be fun (technically cheerful, because the name "Pet Sematary" does not make fun!) The awesome event changes the nature of the movie, now it turns dark. The movie has a bad feeling due to opening credit, but after Gage killed the movie becomes sad, gray, creepy. Dealing with child loss is something that can destroy the entire family life, and "Pet Sematary" proves much. <br /> <br /> The rear story of the pet is more than a story that no one wants to feel, but sad and desperate causes the father to be destroyed emotionally so that he can shoot. Sadly, the story comes with the child Gage returns from the dead. Meet earlier with the story of a sematary pet turned out to be a catastrophe but this time it was a little, worse. What will happen to the entire family of the United States? Is it possible to Moscow block this disaster? Does it include dreams of surreal? See the "Semetary of the Pet" to witness one of the most touching, most recent movies. You can't regret it. Acting is very good though I didn't dig a actor who showed his father. He wasn't found to be worried when the situation was asked to despair him. But that's just my opinion. Denise Crosby actually gave great performance and did a perfect job as a good, compassionate mother. The gage of children was amazing even in its creepy parts. * Shivers *. In general this is a good classic of all time and an exciting movie that touches the fear of more people ... losing someone you love, the dead return to life, and the feeling of despair. <br /> <br /> Something is definitely ... I don't want to be buried, in a pet!
