If you have a chance to see Sandra Bernhard living in someone, you would like to move well. I saw him last year in Los Angeles at the opening of all his bad and beautiful trips and I still can't believe that I was the first line, and lucky to get an amazing experience. Now it's in New York and the show and resembles the release of its infunner, "Without You". We have lost Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce, Nina Simone, but Sandra is still with us. Patti Smith is not in action, but not Sandra. Barbara Streisand continues to lift his head once a while but Sandra does more than Babs leaves. Okay, I want to be known, Mrs. Bernhard is the least of the most influential and more impaired. I liked to push this film because of its reality, honesty, humor, eclectic songs (from Laura Nyro, Sylvester, Nina Simone, Prince), and a script that defines quarrels, fun, sadness, ups and 70s downs and 80. that many (and I mean, MANY people) artists have given, evenly stolen, much from this show if not from Sandra himself. I will not name but come, people, you and I know who they are. Look, the thing is, Bernhard plays with his own rules. These films, such as its live performances, that is a real-life actor in an old school of showcase, and also pushing forward. The exhibition commemorates jazz jazz clubs (during Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk), 70 television shows, close cabaret activities and concerts that commemorate everyone from Judy Garland to Joan Jett. Many players could not even touch where Sandra comes or goes. So, here I was, a year ago, looking at Sandra at the Modern Movie Theater, for fear and joy. I wanted to meet him after the show, give him something that means something to me, that, of course it would mean. But I listened to my copy of giving is not hurt, and just thank him in prayer, kind of making me laugh, making me think, making me do. You can't deny the presence of this woman and certainly cannot deny the talent that just starts from the point. It is still here, however, even after the release of You. And she looks good, by the way. I know this myself, walking from one playground to one of the audience said to another, "She is SO FUNNY .. and still looks amazing. If you can't see her living yet, please watch this film. For me, I hope that Sandra will see You have had a lot of meaning for me, you have given me through difficult times of spirituality. If you can use me email, please do. If not, you know that you are still playing out and will continue to do so, it's enough for me. give us to Lady!
