"Semetary of Pet" is a transition from Stephen King's head to the same head. The story follows Faith - all the American family, the middle, who migrates home abroad. The family is Louis and Rachel, and their two young children, Ellie and their young son, Gage. The house can't be better, and the family meets a wonderful but wise elder, Jud, who lives along the road. He leads them down the old way to the forest one day where the animal's animal is - full of large cemeteries. And just beyond that, you don't have a sacred land of Indian funeral seems to have amazing abilities. When the family cat, the Church, is killed, Louis finds it necessary to bury him in the cemetery of the beast - and very strange, after a short time, the Church returns to life. But there is something wrong about him now, he's not the same cat he was. And when a serious accident takes the life of a little Gage, Louis decides to use the same concept in the hope of raising his dead son ... unfortunately, he gets more than he discussed. After reading Stephen's King's novel, I can say that the book is better than the film. Not to say the movie is bad, because it is not - the book is just a little better. The real power in this film is in the story, which is wonderful but very natural, which the King's stories are commonly known. The script is widely defined from the story, and when it varies slightly in some features, it is a good change of page to screen. There are a few holes in here and there, nothing big. In addition to this, this film is really awesome, and it succeeds in its intention to do so. There are some of the most exciting events in the film, and I would like to say that the flashback of the sister's sister Zelda is a single number. Honestly, that's one of the worst things, which has ever been seen in a horrible film - not with blood, it's flat out of swallowing. One thing is sure, the photo won't leave your head anytime soon. All the videos in this film were available and I had no trouble there. This film is actually a gory side, there is a lot of very good mechanism to enjoy all the hounds out there, including the last shocker. I liked how much they had finished the film, it was sudden and unusual, but it worked well in that way and all things considered. <br /> <br /> Overall, the "Semetary of the Pet" is a good movie that I am advising to those who are fans of Stephen Stephen or just fans of the type in general. The story is the biggest asset of the film and also the creepy too. One of the best of Stephen King's intervention I could say. 7/10.
