Louis Creed, a doctor from Chicago, goes to a big house near a small town, as he will give you a class at Maine University. With him, it is Rachel's wife and their two children, Ellie and Gage, along with Ellie's cathedral, the Church. Recently, they met their new neighbor, and an old man named Judd Crandall.Judd not only warns Louis and Rachel on the danger that is the main road run by their homes (that's the way to use big trucks) but also shows the family of the cemetery The pet that is located near their home. Judd begins talking about the importance of livestock cemetery, but Rachel is against talking about death and spirituality with her children, because she has trouble from the death of her sister Zelda. In the first week of a family in a new home, Louis has already had people who died to deal with: Victor Pascow, a student who has been injured by a car accident, speaks to his dying words to Louis himself, although two people do not know. The night before the death of Pas Moscow, Louis feels what he believes is a very vivid dream that meets Pascow, who leads him to the cemetery and tells Louis "not go any further, no matter how much you feel you need." Louis wakes up the next morning and believed it was just a dream, even when he opened his feet with covered covers and dirt and pine needles. Anyway, he dismisses that dream. Many amazing things begin to happen with the Church, the Ellie cats, die while walking on the highway. Louis is worried about how he will talk about the death of the Church and Ellie, but Judd, compassionate with him, Jud takes Louis to the grave of the beast, which must put the Church. But instead of stopping there, Jud leads Louis beyond the terrible journey of "real cemetery": the ancient burial ground which was once used by Micmac ('... Indians ...'). There Louis buys a cat on the orders of Jud, and Jud says that the animals are buried there have been raised. And then the real horrible story begins ... <br /> <br /> I find this very fine movie. Not the most awesome of all, but it is one of the best awesome movies I have watched. Gage path dies, it is very difficult to remain in your memory, especially to be a young child. It is advisable to see Stephen's come as a funeral teacher. In fact, there are some errors in the script: Does a rich doctor have two small children, he is going to live where there is a dangerous highway near his home? How Gage does not scratches or anything after being hit by a truck? Why does Louis continue to raise every member of his family to know that they will all live as creatures? Things like this have no meaning, but I can understand that all the scriptures of fear need to have other ideas about work. The good thing I saw in this film is the importance of talking about death and children, regardless of your religion or if you are an atheist, and also that avoiding important lessons does not give anything. Because Louis was afraid of being loyal to Ellie, fighting him and saying that his cat would never come back, the catastrophe began.
