The head has many meanings - a box of boxing, where different from the complaints are fought, the wedding ring, where Mabel feels bound by Jack feels his problems will be high and the cause of trouble, the bracelet as Bill provides Mabel as a kiss. The old-fashioned author, Danish Carl Brisson, was given its start in film with Alfred Hitchcock in "Pete". Ian Hunter's lowest player, who got the job for a long time in the movie, plays Bob Corby, who takes the eye of a beautiful girl, Mabel (Lillian Hall Davis) for the right to fun. He appears to be involved with "Round" Jack Sander (Carl Brisson) but that doesn't stop him from playing with Bob. Bob is believed to go "round" with Jack. He goes several rounds and successes - he is a professional striker and he and his manager have come to the right to know if Jack is a good fighter as they heard. He gives take Jack and Jack goes away, with his Boorish trainer (Gordon Harker prince) to make his fortune and plans to marry Mabel when he does well. Jack succeeds to fight and marry Mabel the next day, but the biggest attraction he and Bob feel for each other is still there. Jack testifies and puts everything in his training so that he can fight with Bob for his wife. Finally the boxing movie where the hero does not give the road - Bob runs out and does everything he can become a champion - if only Mabel did the same way !!! He has left Bob - and the final battle is powerful. It's really true - it takes about 20 minutes of film. From being raw and enthusiastic, Jack has been closed - then between the circle, reuniting with Mabel, gives him the courage to win. The question is why he could return to him - from the beginning he did not think anything to start something with Bob - why can't he do it again? <br /> <br /> Movies closed for example. Jack, shaking hand and picker, change the hands of Mabel to accept a bracelet from Bob. Jack put the ring on Mabel's finger, Bobs bracelet eliminates his hand. Finally Jack sees meditation for Mabel in a bucket of ring water and gives him the courage to continue. This is the best film that will not discourage you. It is highly recommended.
