Sandra Bernhard Without You Siko, the film released in 1990, followed by the heel of its production stage 1988 off-Broadway ... what she and others mention in the film as "show-woman's one show woman". "<br /> <br /> There were several changes in monologues and one liners, and the version of the film has emerged re-vamps stories, taking Sandra from a fabulous existence as a successful actor step in New York, when he calls" his star star, "with deceit, almost the existence of life behind his home in Los Angeles - his false manager in the film describes as getting Sandra" for his roots, going to the upscale club as a Paris room. "It is something to be done here. Sandra is trying to appeal to the world of independence and sometimes with a strong search for the American pop culture for those who do not see at all. , trying to express his thoughts when all these people seem to want to be "Shashonna," the same Madonna striker, and yet, with Shashonna playing dance dances that resemble those from "like the Virgin," there is nothing to say about enjoying it. The situation in the club in the movie is more dry than the bone.The wonderful place of capture is the person of the rotund from the audience to help Shashonna out of his pants. But, declining, Sandra does it in a fashionable and dynamic way, presenting everything from loyalty The possibility of ... to the point where he is naked (literally), begging for acceptance and still somehow swimming in the pool of transparency. His syndicate of the interaction with the loved of Calvin Klein, Jerry Lewis, Bianca Jagger, Ralph Lauren and (what we lead to believe it) Warren Beatty is a fictitious and hilarious master. Sandra begins to show her in a very tough time, making a stylish but a mystery of Nina Simone of the "Four Women" when dressed in elegant and other African clothes, singing lines like "leather" my black, "" My hair is dirty, "and" I will beat Thing Sweet. "He raises and celebrates underground ghosts for the most amazing information of real estate auction for Andy Warhol:" Let Andy be wise and The understanding within hours and hours of work and work that entered into Indian products ... that they have been very fortunate to cash in this Santa Fe thing that happens. "<br /> <br /> Explains the shortage of Hollywood, to comfort a friend who is busy and pleading, saying, "Lord, if this is about Ishtar, I stand right now and walk in your life forever for that reason also restrains me!" Sandra shows the expectations of women at the age of the female. Dressed as Cosmo girl, Sandra tells her fantasy of a little girl to be a great writer and marry her master. Finally he concludes with the solution, "I will never be a figure, I'm not under 35 years, and I will be married!" Sandra extends the opening of sex in society: "When he touches you at night, does it feel that it is okay, or does it really feel? I say it really feels ... REALITY." <br /> <br /> Finally, he cries for a change in the development of the American Community by opening the discs of the disco Patrick Cowley and Sylvester and announcing, "Finally everyone will be happy!" All this comes in the form of an amazing cabaret, with a wonderful reputation of the songs written by Billy Paul, Burt Bacharach, Hank Williams and Laura Nyro, for a few. At the same time, Sandra's genetic form - a picture of a mirror itself — around the city, a black black model and a walking coat and buses reading reading Kabala, learning chemistry and listening to NWA rap music. In Without You Tradition, Sandra Bernhard looks at the feeling and presence that, until that time, could only talk to the ordinary visitor of Late Night by David Letterman. His immediate role of the child with a shock, shown in '80 years', is thrown aside by the face of the extremist, and his confidence in the face of the physical things and of the American noble shows a delight. This exciting way will change the direction of Sandra forever and mark a more mature, more attractive player to come. If you like the smallest trick to reach an interesting point about beauty, celebrity, sex, loneliness, despair and non-enthusiastic words of love and relationship, this film will put you in sewing. It may not mean to be funny in the board. Maybe it's competing or even dominating for some. But consider the lack of the world Sandra shows, and you will understand how wonderful and brilliant. <br /> <br /> But look without You not a friend with a friend "to know" because it is definitely funnier that way. Before you know, two of you will have a Sandra barbs business and combine the spirit out of everyone else.
