Sometimes it reduces the fatigue of the study of some of the known Hitchcock movies, because almost everyone starts with someone who says this film is completely ignored or this is the secret of a clear or genuine Hitchcock of Hitchcock or other generic if - - wange-look - this-wange-wat-see - that-this-is-great - Hitchcock - film - just-like - very-like-Vertigo-North-and-North-West - Psycho - Back - Window - etc. So, being said, I'd just say that if-just - people - they would look - this-they-see-that-this-is-great - Hitchcock - film - just - like - much - like - Vertigo - North- and - North-western -Pa -Paa - Window-etc. Now, that may be a little overtaking, Pete is not available and even in the same league as any other film mentioned twice, but compared to other films that Hitchcock did in the late 1920s and early 1930s, I think T Gonga is one of the best photographed films and more. As a good director of products, there are fantastic groups of dreams and good editing groups that show why Hitchcock produces very early attention to its work. It is true, the film begins, among other things, a very aggressive anti-black movement (and I use idiot in a sure way, how Stephen King often does) with eggs and the fruits cast to him and the crowd are not ordinary people looking white. I think this shows just how different the circuses and people were back then, but I think it's one of the most distant groups to put on any Hitchcock film I have seen. The biggest problem in the circus is a fighter who claims that he can hit anyone under one cycle, but when he meets his match, it is against the person who overcomes his authority not only on the boxing box but also in the ring next to his wife's finger. It therefore begins recreation if it is not very challenging for the love of one woman, who seems to be moving from one person to another without effort and without thinking. There are, for example, a place where her husband is looking from the top dropping home at night at night, and before entering the building, is tied again by car to a kiss. This kiss has never been described, and there is also the fact that, even at the end when showing her loyalty to her husband, or at least finally choosing her, she looks at each other's eyes but does not kiss the truth. The film is a very good picture, even more than several films that Hitch was released in the following years. There is also a performance with Gordon Harker as a One Round Jack trainer who, in his stone faces an expression, reminds me of the most often of the brilliant Buster Keaton. Hitch is releasing an unnecessary matter, but this is a great sample of his original work.
