Ring was made from the screen only Hitchcock wrote himself and deals, as many of his first pictures make, and love triangle. At first glance, it looks like a more gender update of the unbelievers - the exhibition of Cecil B. De Mille, but more than that is the first picture of Hitchcock capable. Even though he was still using ideas and motifs of exciting doubts, he had at least developed tools that create forgiveness. <br /> <br /> Despite being a German student Expressionist style, rhythmic style editing of Sergei Eisenstein had its impact on Hitchcock. But here sets the tempo not only to change but to the image content. This appears from the opening of the opening, where the operation of fair transport travels carefully to set up a soft tempo. And like Eisenstein, the editing style seems to sound? for example when a second bell bell blows, we are going to hear the sound because the picture is so. There is also a distinction, especially with silent movies from the United States, since the Ring is not inserted by multiple title cards. As far as possible is provided by the image, and Hitch has enough faith for the audience to read the mouth or at least understand the meaning of the bulk of the speech. And it is not done for example or overthrow, all has been done with the right angles and the right time, especially with the point-of-view shots, as well as the powerful but clever displays. Unfortunately there are very few self-disclosed materials (especially two-fold), which are not much needed, but there is a little more than this available in The Lodger. Let's do a few more respectful comments for the executives mentioned earlier. First, Carl Brisson is very good and very talented in the lead role. In spite of his talent I was at the beginning a mixture for what he found a role, to be honestly looked more like a ballet player than a pugilist player! But that only goes to show how I know, if it turns Brisson was actually a former professional and experienced farmer in action. Playing his opponent is Ian Hunter, who would continue to have a long career in helping up to 60 tasks. He removes it very well, however, with an exciting performance, and it is embarrassing to his work was not there at the sound. And last but not Gordon Harker's chief offers a comic aid in what is probably his eternal role. The clash of the ring fighting is among the most interesting Hitchcock moments during silence. Martin Scorcese could have his eye on the Ring when he described scenes fighting in Raging Bull, as his author for these events was "Staying in the ring". Battle in the Ring begins with some ordinary shots for a long time, but when the action adds Hitchcock gives us the middle of it, and close-to-the-views limits. Hitchcock's goal always seems to involve its audience, and this was important in its future work where the secret of its success was often closed the viewer in fear of behavior or paranoia. deserves more recognition than inferior but known more than Lodger. It is more police and professional than the original picture, and probably better than all the elements of silence.
