Then Anno was a statue and a household name for many anime fans, and before Gainax did not reach the fanfavorite status, Gunbuster was made. And just Wings of Honneamise made by Gainax at the time, with the famous Otakon shorts or of course, the Gunbuster had some difficult actions to follow. It did not make it easier to decide which type was already done before, the opera space. Fortunately, Gainax decided to put it as part of the six OAV (directly to video). This allows the series to have a greater scope than it would have been if it had been done on the film. This also prevents it from being very interesting and long, with many battles without opposing and filling along the way. Besides, they made an effort to stay clear of the opera space used in Macross or Gundam, and many other space centers. One, the exhibition begins a good light, and Noriko High School of Okinawa for mechapiloting. Noriko is the daughter of a noble captain of the ship who died in the war, when he was still a young child. This makes his life at the university very much, as some of his colleagues begin to accuse that Noriko has been recommended by the professor. The first period is a good game of comedy, based on the characters and school environment. Things change rapidly when the threat of alien invasion is announced, and Noriko and Kazumi (a beautiful class girl) are selected to support collected caravans. Gunbuster's middle-class stops our female leadership position, focusing on drama and personal activities. More than a couple of characters are brought, and the old parts of Noriko are reproduced. Besides, the threat of the visitor becomes almost every minute, and Gunbuster, the last hope of mankind, is presented. Smart as an author Okada was, he incorporated the principle of expanding time, to spice things up a bit. In short, time goes slowly for those who travel at the speed of light. This means that Noriko can be part of the war that takes nearly a century to complete. Also a major aspect of this is growing, while Noriko sees her friends again on her return, who are older than she is. Science cannot be perfect, but it has been presented in a reliable, reliable way, and even some of the scientific presentations of the SD center between events, where Noriko, Kazumi and their coach provide a brief description of the scientific principles used in the series. <Br /> <br /> Animation, consistently conducted in the 80s, is obviously beautiful. Planning is a retro style 80 of course, but it has its charm. Animation is very adequate and characteristic structures are good, although the clothing causes it to <br /> <br /> some of the servants of Gainax will implement the future. Mechas in the exhibition is also very cool, and the Gunbuster as the last killing, powerful and big machine. The last period was perfectly done in black and white. Although it is generally believed (but not guaranteed) that this has been done for budget reasons, it offers a completely different opportunity for the series, which fits perfectly to the last part. <br /> <br /> Music is a very common opera space right. Also bombastic in places, very generic, and definitely not worth buying. Not suitable for many parts, but it can be quite annoying time. Tanaka is not a famous composer, and only a series of honor he has worked is Half of the dragon. If you think of the 80's anime music, you'll know what to expect. <br /> <br /> As the series progresses, the trend turns slowly from the game to the epic battle, but in this way the viewer cannot remember this. Gradually the festival will be held down, and the war will take the front line. No feature is completely omitted. With the last part in front, Noriko and staff are fighting for the existence of human species, and for the end of the war in front, some questions are presented to the audience, in relation to the humanity's position in the galaxy, and it is far from what can go to ensure self. While not answered later, they are still presenting interesting food ideas. The last period is very modern, beautiful, but fully predictable, although it is not the end of it all must have a lot of foreign change of course. Again, it fits the series. <br /> <br /> Gunbuster can be seen as your most common opera anime, and invasion of aliens, many battles, and another personal game, and for the most part, it is. But it has been done well for change. Instead of combining the mixture of old components, six long periods, Gunbuster gives us a change from a small drama to the great epic vigor. Along the way we meet various interesting and fleshed-out characters, which a mutual relationship is changing very much because of the expansion time. This version has been written extensively, although it seems to be inserted into certain points. Extreme events and mecha attacks can also be avoided easily. In general, the Gunbuster journey takes you to the very worst, sometimes sad, sometimes the hero. It may not break the boundaries and limits of the opera type of space, but at least it slightly strikes. Very classic anime enjoyable, but not wrong. <br /> <br /> *** / *****
