I consider myself as a fan of # 1 of Frontier Secret, seeing if I am among a small group of fans who have met many of these boys - well, without counting assemblies, of course. I have been looking at Frontier Siri since 2001, and I must say that I am still surprised by what these people have come to. The hidden frontier is the Rob Caves' brain and its own label, Photo of Areakt, which works out of the back room of her house. While not as “fancy” like, say, a series of TOS-New Voyages (which sometimes finds some participants / authors from the previous series, such as Walter Koenig, called Chekov), Rob and members of the HF make up The series deserves to replace the ghastly attempt that we called "Enterprise". Arc the controversial and successful story has been the introduction of the first gay character of Star Trek, Corey Aster (who was brought in the second season), and seeking him to find a spirit person. Somewhere later in the series, he meets Jorian Zen, an Exllsior officer of Trill. In the latest verses of the story with these two characters (WARNING: MAJOR SPOILER! Do not read if you have not seen the series up to this point!), Zen has joined the embroidered symbiont, causing a major change in the relationship with Aster. Although the future is unknown - seeing as a recent part, "Beachhead", is only shown to fans of HF in the chat room last night - I think that this connection will last, but only time will tell you. <br /> <br> Gene Roddenberry created a Star Trek with the intention of becoming a story being more on its characters rather than a flashy flash space. The tragedy of Rob created the Secret of Hide for the same reason - and this is what has made this series so popular. As the previous comments said, I would like to give more than 10 marks, but you'll have enough. Although the next season will be the last - the seventh season culture suggests it started with Star Trek: Next Generation - I already have a bet that we will hear a lot about Frontier Hidden after that last period.
