It has been a long time since I got this mini series and I am happy to say that its attributes had failed to test the time. Most of the features of 'Spy Perfect', the comparison of the best of LeCarré's novel, in my opinion, is the highest drawer. Wonderful issues are the symbols of music and beauty screens, the last written by Arthur Hopcraft who also had, I believe, the author of the screen for 'Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy' and Alec Guinness a few years before. <br /> <br /> Actors are very good, some good, like Jack Brotherhood of Alan Howard and Ray McAnally's Ricky Pym. Peter Egan is an amazing look because his face changes with every camera. The duration of time and effects on the physical displays of the characters are actually done. I was particularly surprised how Peter Egan was at the time of publishing. The only Jolt comes after the character of Magnus Pym transferred from the very hands of the little actress Benedict Taylor and those of Peter Egan, a very old, just out of Oxford. But this is a small and insignificant vein. <br /> <br /> Egan has trouble having only a moment when the scriptures become melodramatic and it needs to be "angry" emotionally, ie crying. There are no characters with a very simple time and this time, far from the wonderful of Frances Tomelty who plays Peggy Wentworth for everything that she has worth to steal the part easily. Jane Booker hates Mary Pym. She has a part of the character under her skin but it often reflects the amateurish petulance that sparkles as a tough diplomatic mother, which Mary Pym is. Rüdiger Weigang is splendid as Axel, exciting, amazing and brilliant. I also enjoyed Sarah Badel camp as Baroness. The British view of Americans has been transformed into open screens. When Yanks have come out of the conflict with Bo Brammell (the head of MI6) the American river is shown as empty buffoons that seem to have embraced many long-term words from the dictionary and freely opens them with American jargon and psychological psychology, to the extent a great contempt of English. Humor and sadness are mixed. LeCarré has a knack to combine different elements in its stories and Hopcraft has taken for a brilliant, but highly wistful, original. It is not perfect production (what is it?) And it is still the best LeCarré tests to reach the film or television to this day. It is highly recommended for all fighters to fight and spy on LeCarré's fans. DVD available from Acorn.
