This is my second time through A Perfect Spy. I watched it 2 or 3 years ago and I liked it. I love yet. It is natural that it is available compared to another series of Le Carre 'magnificent, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy. Tinker Tailor focuses on "game" of spies to play; Full Spy gives us another axis - what kind of person to spy. There are several themes that these films share, along with others of the type. <br /> <br /> Evil - morality, sex, individuals - that builds a real space of truth against lies, inside and outside, love against responsibility. In this way, these people are very happy when they are treated more by those who love and respect - "backsliding" in their different creatures. <br /> <br /> The father's theme and dad statistics are also important. One of the most exciting characters in the full investigation is Rick, the main character of Magnus' probably the father of ersatz. In all stories he is betrayed and sent. Mjanja who can stand on the stairs when he is closed, who seems to care for what others think, asks Magnus every time they meet him, "Do you love your old man?" and never, "Do you love me?" Maybe this says elsewhere, but Perfect Spy is a story of love. <br /> <br /> Other themes are destructive. The business situation is to turn others - to turn them against their government, against their friends and associates, to turn them against their values ​​and beliefs. In every film of Le Carre I have seen, The Spy who came from the Winter, Watching Glass Glass, Tinker Tailor Army Soldier, Smiley People, and Perfect Spy, turning and turning is the base of the catastrophe. Finally, it's not a theme if you think artistic - in each of these films is just one shot of a gun, or maybe two shots keep a story. Violence, torture, cruelty is always under the face. We see their results not as streams of blood cells or dank but in Le Carre's titles that hold them ineluctably implemented in the morass. If you haven't seen the top films, and you like to enjoy Perfect Spy, you're for treatment. I would also like to recommend a series of Sandbagger (Yorkshire TV), the 2nd and third season that begins to reach this level of controversy. The IPCRESS and Burial file in Berlin is good, though it is weight. For the political brain try the Great Britain, the House of Card and Yes, Minister / Yes, Prime Minister. If only the brit would put his hand to make the Third Kingdom - there would be a brain with a controversial and controversial film.
