Once you see A Perfect spy mini series in one go, one can do nothing but doff man hat - clean hub, which compared to other Le Carré minis about Smiley, has a completely different features. <br /> <br /> In minis about Smiley, it's Alex Guiness, like Smiley, who steals the show - other characters only help him, someone can say. Here is a story that is important, as a leading actress, played well with Peter Egan in the last events, not quite charismatic. Egan just plays a young man named Magnus Pym, who lies, with deceit and telling people what they like to hear, is very good to everyone, big and small. The only person who seems to understand in himself is Alex, the Czech host. <br /> <br /> Never have a back-to-back spy, and / or traitor, told better! Having followed his life from a young age we fully understand what is possible to turn into a traitor. His ability to lie and every false thing is what makes him a 'perfect spy', as his Czech composer calls him. And, by following his life, we fully understand how difficult to return to the straight and narrow path, once you have opened it. He holds up, even if he has not earned anything outside of it, except for the promotion of his MI5 masters. Everyone is happy, just long when the news faked continues! Magnus's father, played by surprise with Ray McAnally, is a good man, who always makes plans to drive people out of their money. In later years it is his son who should serve out, on a regular basis. But for example by his father and uncle, who is regarded as a guardian while his father is in prison, and his mother is taken to the park, Magnus learns quickly that the lie is a way of life, not to tell the truth. For the first time he destroys a little, but quickly learn to tell the wrong lie, and be consistent, not changing the story regularly that tells those who want to listen about himself and his father. His Czech assistant Alex, skilled with Rüdiger Weigang, builds, with the help of Magnus, a non-inclusive network, which provides United Kingdom's MI5 information for fake information for years, and years, such as UK did German explorers working in the UK before and during the war - they kept sending fake information to Das Vaterland long after agents themselves had turned, liquid or just replaced by MI5 men. Little children who play Magnus in the younger years are wonderful, and most of them are charismatic than older, slightly more cynic, and fatigue, Pym, played by Egan. But you find the difference easily, because it is often the way we change it through life, due to sadness, or apathy. It is worth the money!
