It is hard to believe, perhaps, but this film had been criticized as evil from more violence than any film produced before being introduced to the Bluenose Hayes Code. Yes, the priests actually told their groups that anyone who went to see this film was committing the sin of death. <br /> <br /> I didn't do that. They had several reasons, as follows: <br /> <br /> The thing: Jane loves sex. He and Tarzan are shown to wake up one morning at their treetop shelter. He is spreading the emotions, and looking at the string says "Tarzan, you have been a bad boy!" So not just have sex, they have had a kinky sex! A few years later, under the principle of Hays, people (especially women) should not be shown if they enjoy sex. Item: Jane wants a shrewd, intelligent and wise man (Tarzan) to a worthy man, honorable to nine to five person (Holt). When Holt first clothe him with a beautiful dress from London, he stops a bit; while Holt is trying to kill Tarzan, and Holt and Jane all believe that he is dead, he keeps a lot of rest. But when he knows that person is alive, the attractions of civilization will disappear for him. And why? Tarzan and Jane's relationship is equally: He does not deserve the "civilization" that forces him to express himself as "the head of his wife". For boot, they do not have many more "civilized" hangups, for example envy. When Holt and his friend arrive, Tarzan greets them all equally, knowing perfectly well that Holt is a hot fire to Jane. When Holt gets his dolled at London's dress and is slowly-playing with him in the phone's phonograph, Tarzan comes out of the tree, and draws his knife. Envy? Don't. He is only cautious towards a fantastic music machine, for he has never seen one before. Once it is described, he is cold. Item: The Holt civilization is good. Savage Tarzan is guilty of feeling. As Jane gets into the Holt's tent lamp, Holt gets away looking at her silhouette as she transforms the fancy dress. On the other hand, after playing with Tarzan to close the dress, scratch him into the swimming hole and sing after him, follows the most delicious nerotic scene in all the movies: a pair spends five minutes in a beautiful ballet. done in three versions - wearing, without top and nude - the area was cut before the release of the film, but the nude version has been restored to the video now available. it is only because of the proximity of men "civilized" and their immunity. Where is the whole "prurience" where to the hearts of the seminarians? Nowhere, where. Another reason why hang up saw this film as sin. <br /> <br /> Feature: The concept that man is the crown of creation, and the animals are here only for the use of man and comfort, takes sharp stripes. Holt and his friends want to be led to the "elephant cemetery" so they can beat the elephant and take it home. They want Tarzan to lead them to the cemetery. You, the reader, you think "Fat space!" and you are right. He was shocked. "Elephants sleep!" which he explains everything. Jane describes the feelings of Tarzan, which two "masters" find ignorance. The thing: Jane, a civilized woman, is more intelligent than two civilized men. Holt and buddy blow the blow, and they find themselves surrounded by hostile tribes and wild animals. It's Jane who puts her cold. When the fear of the boys, he takes charge, gives them orders and gives the gun. <br /> Item: Jane's dress is a kind of poncho without anything less. (The original idea was that he who has no head, and artistic leaves have hindered his underwear, which is true in one short area.) Lastly, a number of fabric people complained because the film was called " Tarzan and His Partner "instead of" Tarzan and His Wife. " No comments! Of course, Tarzan, who has been saved by his friends and friends, saves them, chases the white hunters, and influences packet elephants and Africa's return to ivory stole where they came. Finally. <br /> <br /> So there is that. Completely film. Like all other films about women with problems and attractiveness (see, for example, Rita Hayworth and Raymond Massey) which was the kind of kind that reaches early 30 years and which was immediately sent to the adoption of the Hays Code. joie de vivre of this film is well illustrated by Jane's soprano's soprano's popular voice. Good touch, which unfortunately was left in the future crop. Let's feel for freedom of art, lady Jane and gender.
