I have a whole series of Weissmuller Tarzan on DVD (fully restored versions) and I have never been tired. My personal love is "Tarzan and His Wife", for quite a reason (almost completely) for Maureen O'Sullivan's dress and a regular beat of her reproductive parts under the skin of the foreskin. Before anyone claims that A - It was not true of him, or B - It was not what was seen, let me say that I have looked at it many times, in a state of zoom, and believe me ... he, and he is completely naked under clothing The same ... several times, especially during the attack of the last lion, look carefully at the slow motion and the top zoom will show that he was shaved except for a little patch of black hair covered his labia ... There is no mistake on it altogether . About the shape of the swimming body twice in the "leather" suit, yes, it is twice, but he is not wearing any suit "leather" or anything else ... again, slow motion and the top zoom shows everything for those who want to see it. Now, the conflict is out of the way, let's go to the real film ... I thought the script was very well thought and written tightly ... The step-by-step was just good, though it is obviously stuntman rhino riding, real shade fights with big lion The male ... The use of background shots that were the second items from Africa are very well integrated with the studios & American sites to do so sometimes hard to say what is. Do not complain very much, however, remember that 90% of all films are blow however, then just relax and enjoy something damned with a large bowl of popcorn, some cool beer, and a new pack of smokes ... sexy and girl / true wife not a line ... lol. Oh ... One last word on dirt ... at the beginning, when white hunters talk about the conversation, keep your eyes on extra bonus ... there are several beautiful shots for African girls in Africa (obviously beaten) them. One more thing, movies are not racist and the 1930s until the 1960s ... that's the color of the people thought and shown back. Shaft has never been considered then, and the audience did not accept any other images at that time in history. Safaris actually used locals to take cargo on their heads ... and Tiny's behavior died a heroic death trying to save white hunters and Jane. In fact, it was not until Gene Autry to treat native Americans and colored people in their West as real people who Hollywood began to see that it was okay to do so.
