A year after losing good Jane Parker (Maureen O'Sullivan) love Tarzan rival, hunter Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton) returns to the jungle and has another bash to win the heart of the bell. Combining business with pleasure, also plans to grab ivory from the elephant cemetery that lies outside of Mutia, the ground ground for Tarzan. Faced with its small palma, gray Martin Arlington and the Minister's use group, finally Harry came to his destination (by avoiding death on his head in the hands of hosted people and rock blowers) only knowing that Jane still disgusted by its muscle rotation, and worse, that Tarzan refuses to allow hunters to take any horn from the cemetery. Arlington very badly decides to solve things by fleeing and shooting the man and then telling Jane and Holt that Tarzan was attacked by eating and crocodile. Of course, Tarzan did not die? Only wounded; after being elevated to health by Cheetah (!), he re-joins in action when saving Jane from a deadly eating-lion tribe that has attacked Holt's journey. Tarzan and His wife, the second film for the Weismuller star as a man of the jungle of a few words, is often mentioned by fans as the best of the series; although I love quite a bit, I can understand the popularity of the film: it's sexy sexy and there are some great mechanisms of action! Unconditional chemistry between Weismuller and O'Sullivan is fantastic and leads to beautiful steamy scenes, and with both stars wearing the most beautiful dresses, there are many eye-catching sweets for both sexually active audience (despite O 'Sullivan very low water nude area is actually made by the body twice, a good lass still shows many skins, even threatening to make' Sharon Stone 'at the same time as its fabric fabric flaps on one side! The most exciting moments of films are coming in the form of fighting underwater water between Tarzan and crocodile, with an interesting end where Jane is attacked by lions and locals, but she is saved by beau beau, her donkey pals, and an elephant load in the form of a strong suppression (once again, violence is a constant shock, even though I am worried, there is nothing surprising as a strong hurricane and a gorilla hole from the first film). Cheetah also has a good part of the excitement, with pigs, crocs, and big cats, riding behind Tarzan while crossing the river, and even climbing a snake on a journey. As planned, Tarzan And His Wife suffers a minor injury and unintended repairs? The dodgy back project, monkey suits that laugh, more of Indian elephants pretending to be their African cousins, and the worst issues translated? But these should not destroy your fun of this very entertaining film. If anything, they do so more fun! <br /> <br /> 8.5 out of 10, up to 9 for IMD.
