This dream-inspired dream is the second most popular of the Tarzan lost series by MGM. It is the first adventure for many reasons, I show - a good vote, good qualities to think about, a thrilling cast, a beautiful jungle area with a very exciting story. Johnny Weissmuller plays Tarzan, a mono-syllabic type unlike the creation of Edgar Rice Burroughs; but he is faithful, faithful, brave and very courageous, and he needs to be at this time. As Jane Parker, whose wife was Jane Porter in the novel, Maureen O'Sullivan is interesting and interesting, as well as being athletes where the script calls for the same quality. The effect of lighting, spacious and spacious is very common. This is an outdoor adventure held on the MGM back-vote which works really. The amazing Estirpment of Mutir is a remote area that allows Tarzan and Jane to live permanently; but in their idyll people are looking from them, members of Jane's civilization has gone back to which Tarzan could not be easily. One is Harry Holt, still loving and he, with his friend trying to return to civilization with him; The coat and perfume attract him, but he refuses to leave Tarzan. Tarzan should protect him from several wild animals, in cases that appear as King King humanized. The group says they want to hunt animals, and Tarzan agrees with Jane for a bit of a great match game; but at some point, the idea of ​​ivory and finding opportunities turns the mind of the journey. Tarzan is shot, left to the dead; and force force Jane to accompany them on a journey as they follow the elephant's elephant "caterpillar". But they find a protected area with a violent and vulnerable tribe. Tarzan standing on an elephant has been raised during a call; filled with elephants, saves Jane and what is left for the trip, who return home rich but very intelligent, as Jane continues with her bad idyll and her new husband. The film was led by Cedric Gibbons's design, and also very good His work and lighting is a great achievement of this entertaining and exciting film, which will appear true despite all the shortcomings of Hollywood from beginning to end. Neil Hamilton is very good Harry, Paul Cavanagh is better than before and after Forrester Harvey and Nathan Curry on all sides cast a very professional. A fascinating situation with a powerful negotiating dialogue as well. Recommended.
