This was the second series of 6 films of "Taranic" agreed with Johnny Weismuller in the title of the head by Maureen O'Sullivan as Jane. Typically, this was a good film in this series; and maybe it looks like the "middle" of the film in the development that could almost model the development of movies since the early 1930s in the 1940s. Thus, it showed a good speed, though not as good as the following film. Similarly, movies are not available than the future Tarzan movies in this series. The reserve I saw was an unequal quality, an environmentally friendly and transparent and clear passages. The crisp films of the future of Tarzan are not here. On the other hand, there is one area, very early, that the wound of the cameras with the leaves are blown in front of it as the camera turns up, showing people on the road going up to the jungle, it was really close to modern in style, and stands opposite to shots The stationary which makes the whole movie. <br /> <br /> About the program, one interesting feature here is close to Jane and the lack of variable, when she was under Martin flirtations. Busu? and Jane's amazing, and part of guilt, reaction? The shadow thing of Jane we see in the future also in these films. Compare, for example, in Tarzan Finds the Son! Jane's verbally abusive actions have attempted to target Tarzan and give the child a family. Later he admits to Tarzan that he was right. Here, there is nothing so obvious, but we have Jane "return" to Jane Parker of the past, and in a series of actions close, wearing herself evening dress brought by Martin and Harry to persuade him away from Tarzan. <Br /> <br /> There was a whole series of photos and patterns that touched me especially in this view. For one thing, the picture we find in Tarzan's life is here, as later, a combination of physical idyll and the likelihood of a violent death. That to me is very much based on the experience of Tarzan. I was very surprised by some pigs even today. There was a whole series of events that gave me a special pleasure: Tarzan leads elephants to the Elephant Valley Valley; Tarzan saved from the death of the rain and the hippo, and then raised health and monkeys; Cheta will find Tarzan when Jane and other men were beaten with escarpment; Cheetah mainly cross the river on the log. The final events of the war of destruction and lion on the ground and savages & apes in trees. Jane, showing that she is true of the world of Tarzan now, quickly expressing her timber works working on the fire line to eliminate the lion. <br /> <br /> The last series of events is good: suddenly Tarzan is on the scene, fighting with trees from trees and replacing lions, and calling them elephant rescue! Tarzan's last cry to win, with a cheerful Jane in his hands, with playing and fascinating Cheta around them, is a memorable and realistic picture of the story of Tarzan and Jane. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is another amazing classic movie Tarzan. I would recommend this movie to anyone.
