"Tarzan and His Partner", the second of the images of the Tarzan MGM, takes a year after the events of "Tarzan Ape Man". Tarzan and Jane have been living happily in the jungle, and Harry Holt (one of the first film immigrants) returns, this time with Martin Arlington who was less than the nobles, in ivory attempts from the elephant grave. Typically, different types of dangerous and exciting adventures occur along the way. The first movie liked everything - jungle, adventure, romance itself, wild animals, and even death. The second film still has a great deal of love and good practice, but the loud voice covers the action. Characters try to ask questions like: What if something happened to Tarzan? What? What would Jane do if she was bound by herself in the middle of the jungle and had to defend herself? Although it is probably the real questions people are asking in this situation, it creates a certain degree of uncertainty that is as uncomfortable as at all like the wind-of-the-winds. The most enjoyable part of this film is the growth we see in Tarzan and Jane. Tarzan is still speaking English, but has learned new words from his partner. Moreover, their love for each other has succeeded, and we feel like they spent one year together in the jungle. Most people see "Tarzan and His Wife" more than the original "Tarzan Ape Man". Personally, I just loved the first film a little more. The main reason is that the relationship between Harry Holt & Martin Arlington's team is not as good as the relationship between Holt and James Parker (Jane's father) from nature. Mr. Arlington character can be working as a great movie villain, but plays a hero for a very distant movie. The movie can never decide if we should love or hate him. (Also, I do not want to give anything away, but in one of the cases where we should hate him, Jane has not been aware of these events, so the end cannot be as appropriate as it was.) All who are opposed to these killings are small, however, and still a great movie. <br /> <br /> Like the first film, "Tarzan and His Wife" has amazing incredible events, beautiful wildlife pictures, and one of the screens at all of romance. If you liked the first film in the series, this is definitely seen.
