This movie is the novel of James Cain, POSTMAN always two tails. It seems, the director and producer had no trouble paying the right to this story - perhaps the fact that we were in the middle of fighting with Italy in WWII could be responsible for forgetting to consider the salaries! In spite of this, the movies are not really just the Italian version of the Hollywood movie. Somehow it is very good and in other ways, it is obvious. The three characters in the middle of this film are very good people. In fact, male and female lovers are very few. Male leadership is very common except for her body hair (especially on the back and shoulders) and her love of a woman is, to put it out, without interest. They are very crying from Lana Turner and John Garfield in Hollywood version. And the sick man is really, very loved and loves to walk around with the shirtless - and a American film colleague, Cecil Kellaway is definitely looking good (and maybe it looks much better than two other Italian leading, in fact). And this is not the general meaning is because I especially prefer the Italian film - since I just couldn't think of a "plate" finely paste as Lana Turner in the middle of a marriage place with Kellaway - I am 100% sure she would have a few of the best offers! Although, the Italian wife can not be able to do better and this has made the marriage truly reliable. Italy's trustworthy trust is based on transparency that goes with sex. American films are trying to believe that although Turner and Garfield kill Kellaway, they never get sex! This is very good and absolutely impossible. In addition to casual sex films, it is also very common in the show of the seamy side of life - with lots of sweaty people, strip flying hanging on the kitchen table and everyone appeared the need to bathe. The film is also very fast compared to the American film long. And what you get from short is not good. This film does not have a lot of style with the American films - with pictures of grainier, poor play and sets. It is certainly not a good film, but the Neo-Realistic-like style makes the film much easier. But it can not create for short-term cuts in the plot. Many aspects of formulation in the future of America are completely lost or opened. And the latter does not seem to be more interesting than the American film - and lacks the whole human condition when Turner and Garfield turn out like a mouse (the best part of the American film). Which is the best film? Well, a lot of this depends on you. For my part, Warner Brothers's film was just a hit and non-fiction (although many like this style and might not like to watch movies and headlines) - but it's full of bigger ones. And the Italian film was a lot, more realistic - until the end of the crappy which appeared also fled. So the film is not quite good, but I'd like to give my nod to one of Italy's best. It is very bad they could not connect the best features of both films on one single film.
