The removal of the TARZAN MAN APE, in 1932, resulted in feelings. It can be hard to believe, 70 years later, but the film had many kinds of effects like MATRIX, or the Lord of the Group has succeeded, while movies and radio were many sources of entertainment. Tarzan became a pop-up icon, 'savage savage' which every woman had a fantasized on, and everyone wanted she could have. The only happy person about the situation was Edgar Rice Burroughs, who, when he agreed with the freedom of MGM's creativity, and enjoyed his enormous monitors, felt the 'low edition' of his character (without plans to 'grow') was not faithful to his vision (he would start a production company, and will soon make his film 'Tarzan'). MGM, recognizing the new 'star' value, knew that the client would have more interesting than natural ... and TARZAN AND GOD'S SAVED! <br /> <br /> The movie had an interesting background story; Cedric Gibbons, Director of MGM Arts Arts, had been dedicated to the studio to direct the series, before the release of TARZAN THE APE MAN, although he had not been directed forward (the studio did not expect the impact of the film, and did not think the novice director would be and the most important thing about the film "novelty" and wanted to keep their chief executive of the Oscar department. Gibbons, a talented and talented artist, liked the pre-principles of Hollywood, and decided to have a TARZAN AND GOD GOD 'push the envelope' to the limit ... Tarzan and Jane would be interested in swimming with nude, and Jane would have spread through many films. Maureen O'Sullivan said in an interview shortly before her death, in 1998, that twice it was used to swim, she believed the label, and made 'days' of publishing at the top… but it was also a lot of headache trying to put the plants and fruits to prevent her plants, and the idea was left (the film struck that day would be worth a fortune!) She made the area of ​​the nude silhouette in the tent, hit her breast at the conclusion of her 'swimming', and giving The 'jungle' restructuring dress which was very stimulating, very thin, and opened round ... and the resulting cry will help 'create' the Hays Office, and the controls that would soon make the whole industry. MGM released Gibbons from production ('official' released it was his work as Director of Art), and Elder Jack Conway was listed as a new director, to finance critics ... though James C. McKay inspired the film, as Conway was busy in 3 other projects, in including VIVA VILLA! The film consisted of good original things (trips, genocide, Tarzan fighting with jungle animals to death to save Jane), and actually improved on the story. Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton), from the first film, returns to Africa for a dream of a hurricane 'tornado', and trying to persuade Jane to return to England, with the gift of silk, underwear, and spices. He brings with him Martin Arlington (Paul Cavanagh), a shock player and a strong woman, who laughs for Jane, and tells him as a "victory" of power, having any way (including killing Tarzan, with time) he can overcome it without appearance. Tarzan cannot tolerate entry into his happy life with Jane, and puts his foot down, refusing to allow hunters into the cemetery. Arlington gets his chance, catching the Ape Man alone, and draws him, then returns to the camp with the story of his destruction. Now Jane has no reason to remain in the jungle, and she can lead them to the grave, before her long journey to England, she was comforted by compassionate Arlington. But the tribe of the safer and the worst suffering awaits the group ... Is Tarzan able to save the health and ape 'family', to restore for a while to save Jane? <br /> When stock photos are used again, the 30-year racial discrimination is obvious, and gorilla is clearly characterized in shape suits, TARZAN and its MATEWA reaches a modern level not exceeding any 'Tarzan' film, with sex which even TARZAN's Bo Derek's very gentle, the APE Man could not touch. Johnny Weissmuller was in a peak, physically, Maureen O'Sullivan was no more beautiful, and 'Africa' has never been more romantic, and more dangerous. <br /> <br /> TARZAN AND HIS GOD were triumphant (though it would be changed for many years), and it remains the series of series, even today!
