Ruth Snyder - Judd Gray murder in 1927 inspired Ogden Nash to write a Broadway play called Machinal. More than that, it encouraged James M. Cain to write two short novels that anyone who has reached the point where they read this review will have the skills and - Double Guarantee and Postman. They both became an early 1940 movie of the movies, Double Indemnity being the most perfect evening he did. Some aspects of the real life of Snyder-Gray were captured by Cain - the old age and the negligence of Albert Gray, Ruth's top sex car, Rusi and Judd's passion and cooperation in the murder and the second passage of financial insurance. The losses included the fact that the real environment was Manhattan's most extensive city - Albert Snyder being a respected editor of the magazine. Many unsuccessful attempts and failures were also ignored to reduce runoff. Cain's world twice fully underwent by Billy Wilder - let's ignore the wig of Stanwyck's ignorance as one of the most interesting films of the film! The Postman Always Rings twice, however, it was done three times by Ossessione, the Italian edition and the first film of Luchino Visconti, was the first of three versions. Before commenting on it, I will recommend Lana Turner - John Garfield's version of 1946 in full and five minutes of 1981 Jack Nicholson - Jessica Lange version of a large sex scene on the table to eat. <br /> <br /> Ossessione is not as noirish as The Postman Always Rings twice. It has a strong neo-realist look which makes a great movie, but many important elements of barley are not missing. It has no basic lights and pieces of cameras that are not common. The discussion has no need to boil and instead the film focuses more on features. This is the longest version of the story and it goes into detail. It is also more sex than the version of Lana Turner. We have a clear relationship of adultery with Giovanna is very obvious of nymphomaniac. A new character is introduced in the story - La Spagnola - and very obvious homosexuality. There is also a small role, but it is very played for a player who is a rock star. <br /> <br /> This is a great study of class work than crime. The audience gets the feeling of poverty and growth. Drifter is a perfect tramp, wife not Lana Turner and may even be an adult premarital. Her husband is a proud capital - more, wise and proud. I think the throw was brilliant for this film. My pig alone has time to run more. Everything is provided for a very long time and would be more effective if it was more economical. However, the fans of black and realistic will be definitely like Ossessione, like me.
