Well, I had heard from somewhere that Ossessione is a predecessor of the Italian film, and my favorite, 'Giallo' ... but in fact, apart from the fact that this is an exciting made in Italy; The two have a very pretty relationship. In the seventy-seventy years, Italian filmmakers would have found the reputation of storing almost every American film released. Nor did they do it here, but Ossessione does not follow the same story as the future US movie 'Postman Always Rings Twice', without giving the author of the book, James M. Cain, as well as credit! However, the plot focuses on Gino Costa, a good drifter who, incidentally, is caught in coffee where a woman named Giovanna Bragana is working. Recently he learns that he is married to Giuseppe; The great angry man, whom Giovanna cannot stand up to touch. He wants their pairs to run together, but he is not very interested in the idea. However, ultimately ends up with his plan to have her husband killed is succeeding ... Despite the fact that the film loses some trust by not identifying the author whose story is dependent, it should be said that director Luchino Visconti works well in film film , and somehow I have preferred the atmosphere of this film for some of the most old American people. The story is, as you would expect, very strong and Visconti will be able to draw beautiful performances out of its cast. Visconti is stirring the film a little bit, however, and at around 135 minutes of running, I felt that the story was too narrow to prove this kind of height. I almost feel guilty based on all this resistance in Ossessione as a good film, but not a 'good' film. The relationship between the two intermediaries is not well monitored, and it seems like the film should be broken off from them instead of leaving us in the heads of the characters. There is not too much secret for the plot if we pretty much always know what is going on, and by not constantly watching the characters themselves; The film is not as interesting as it could be. However, it makes interesting comments and comes for that reason ... although it is not the same as the 1946 edition of James M. Cain's session.
