With Iphigenia, Mikhali Cacoyannis perhaps the first film director succeeded in bringing the ancient Greek hall to the screen. Its own screenplay, dealing with the crisis of Euripides, was far from easy, compared to that of two other trilogy films. This story has been carefully designed from the Euripides version and placed in a logical system, focused on generosity, more appropriate and modern movie channels. Cacoyannis also added some characters on his film that does not appear in the Euripides disaster: Odysseus, Calchas, and the army. This was done to make some points of Euripides about war, Church, and Government clear. Finally, Cacoyannis 'Iphigenia ends up with a certain amount known as Euripides'. The film was shot in the Aulis area. The photographer, Giorgos Arvanitis, shows us a strong but beautiful Greece, where since the time of Homeric it seems to be standing. He uses the benefits of bodies, crossed lands, ruins, bright light and darkness. The severity of the environment is the same for the souls of the characters. The camera uses a whole gamut of shots available, from a very long time, to enhance the size and damage to the environment, as well as the human level involved, very closely, to spread and explore within the souls of the victims. In particular, the opening of the film, for the monitoring of the courage, the racket shot with the line of the planned boats, followed by the view of the thousands of thousands of soldiers lying on the beach on the beach, is an excellent way to communicate with Agamemnon's amazing political and military role. There is no word but "honor" can describe the incredible displays of Costa Kazakos (Agamemnon), Irene Papas (Clytemnestra), and Tatiana Papamoschou (Iphigenia). Kazakos and Papas had the scope of the classic Greek epidemic. The character of Kazakos is the lowest of the ground, and his look at the power in the camera, more than his words, shows the wonderful suffering that breaks his soul. Irene Papas is a modern quintessence of classic Greek games. In Iphigenia, he is afraid in his pain, and even more so why we know it will be his vengeance. Tatiana Papamoskou, in his first role in the screen, is best for him to show the innocent Iphigenia, which differs from Kazakos' waustere's father, Agamemnon. Cacoyannis is loyal to Euripides in its representation of other characters: Odysseus is a stupid, destructive politician, Achilles, a narcissistic warrior, Menalaus is involved in his self, considering his dignity, has a desire to pay revenge, and having his wife and his property restored. <br /> <br> Clothing and sets are true: no Hollywood there. Agamemnon apartment resembles a warehouse, wore, like others, in service, hand-woven, easy cloves. The royal Clytemnestra caravan is composed of sturdy wooden carts. <br /> <br /> Music is for modern music composer Mikis Theodorakis. Theodorakis's score improves the effectiveness of the film, shows the psychological aspect of the tragedy, and enhances its speed and reality. <br /> <br /> This story and story that narrates provides great insight into the lost world of ancient Greek thought that it was necessary for our very modern civilization. It teaches us much about ourselves as individuals and social and political beings. Euripides asks the value of war and patriotism when you are tested against the good qualities of the family and love, and it shows the woman's perilous situation in the world of human abuse. In the face of the crisis of Euripides, Cacoyannis goes through all these themes in a modern, open, and mysterious way. The relationship to political killings is clearly shown: the war breaks down and destroys the spirit of man. The amount that any person or group cannot work normally again. As far as possible for the Manager, whose respect has been disturbed by the shepherding of his own wife and his partner, everyone else has his own incentive to go to war with Troy, which has no relation with Helen: a strong thirst (Agamemnon), ambition (army, Odysseus) ), or glory (Achilles). And so in fact, Helen became WMD of Trojan Trojan. The war, sparked by all of the homeric sedition and religious sanction, was only an Israelite joint venture, particularly promoted by the desire for profit, all things that are an excuse for convenience. Another conflict raised in the film is that between the Church and the Government. Calchas, who represents the Church, hears the challenge of his priestly authority and wants to destroy Agamemnon with insult to the goddess of his servant, tells him to sacrifice his daughter. By agreeing to the sacrifice, the King comes close to his moral degradation, but by refusing, he loses his power over the citizens (his army), who are suffering from religion. Of course, for Agamemnon, it's a game. The king must go with the pastor if he really believes in God or not, until he realizes, he is too late, that he is involved in making a filicide of contempt. Is it a sacrifice or murder, and how can we know the difference between the two? In view of the fearful and natural nature of human sacrifice - and, most of all, the sacrifice of the child himself - Euripides / Cacoyannis creates a game that is once political and very painful. It touches a complex and delicate problem dealing with any community: a sharp clash between individual needs against those of the community. In Iphigenia's case, however, as in the Biblical story of Abraham and Isaac, the father is asked to kill his own son, by his own hand. What kind of God could insist on such payments? What? Can it be fair or moral, even if it is inspired by God? Finally, the sacrificial death of the daughter differs from the death of all the sons and daughters who are sent to war? These are many detailed questions made by the two-hour film.
