Users today will probably look at the film as Ossessione and not think of how it was when it was lost. The structure of the film actually divorces from the sample of the fun of Hollywood? With other great exhibitions. Much depends on the display of real light and bright light. The original filming of the neo-realist films were made to reflect the darkness that was felt after World War II. Ossessione faces issues caused by rights that do not appear on the screen before the war, including: adultery, conspiracy, murder, pregnancy, etc. In addition to a single shot and a certain time of inflammation, a beautiful film is very raw and clay: shot on the place, uses natural lighting and many non-famous actors. All of these things were helped to convey the issues that were considered in the film, and to give the following topics: The bad results of karmic will be enough for those who deliberately make a bad act. The two leading Gino and Giovanna are the opposite of polar, but they both carry ideas: we are bored and we want to be entertained. Gino is a drifter; The traveler alone accepts life and its regular changes. Giovanna is an exhausted house-woman who has been strengthened in a long-lasting marriage skills: they do not want to leave home with a husband, but rather to remain where she is because it is safe. Gino's life represents the best life Giovanna desires; The only difference is that he also fears to live himself? That's why he likes Gino: he represents everything he wants but he doesn't have the courage to get. She wants to live in the world free of charge with her good husband? Gino is the perfect ticket in the world. What is taking place between two potential viewers behind the 40s of some sensation is caused. I mean, the film before the neo-realist age has not shown the scandal character on the screen before. To say at least it is possible to be awesome. <br /> <br /> In collaboration with the theme, the neo-realist style helps to identify the negative effects of sexual behavior. Effectively, the practice of adultery (as shown in the film) causes pain and ultimately death. While Gino and Giovanna are making a plan to "remove" husband of Giovanna, karma comes to persuade you if you hit after acting. They return home: the sky is dark and right (as far as possible from the neo-realist style). They are not happy; they are really more sad. They thought that by leaving the husband of Giovanna that they would live a happy life, but they were treated. The film ends with Giovanna's death? It is to be in the karmic symbol of the death of her husband. I think this is a satisfactory end for several reasons. Here's why <br /> <br /> There is much discussion about whether evil should be displayed on the screen, and if so, to what extent. I think displaying evil is very important as and only if evil is shown is not respected, but it shows the negative consequences of evil acts. If the lesson of Ossessione asks, is adultery and evil killings? I think the film answers yes! The character of adultery between these two shows how they are unhappy. However, surprisingly, toward the end of the film when they seem to be healed of their depression and seem to be shaking hands into the car, the film's film shows that their happiness is true: the fall of the car from the rock and into the river, killing Giovanna; The police arrested Gino. I think it is the author's intention to say that although people sometimes try and justify their sexual behavior, the end of karma will return to hate them. I agree. I think the two got what happened to them because they were both very foolish? They always want to meet it on the spot and do not want to endure in difficult times. This was clear after the first sign of the problem that Gino and Giovanna experienced in their relationship: he cannot handle the pressure of living in the shadow of the husband of Giovanna, so he comes from Giovanna to sleep with another girl. That is an example of an indescribable personality, feeling. All of them, the film seemed to be dangerous in its time. The audience, however, were ready to prepare the film because of the ignorance of the war was brought. The pre-war wars, fun-treasured films no longer believed. Modern viewers were ready to see and reflect on the complicated film with problematic characters: they wanted to see the characters whose lives were reflected in what is called 'sin' because it was a reflection of their life problems. Ossessione, then, acts as a major catalyst for the future of the film was leading. That is, a lot of natural pieces that we see today can be said that they have been affected by the neo-realist film.
