Poor social conditions stimulate the tragedy: Giovanna who is poor is complete in the shell, but still has a sleeve of ace: beauty and youth. Bragana, a petroleum gas producer, who has been in contact for many years, takes her from the street and offers her bed with her wonderful love. But the physical contact that Giovanna has now shown only causes her feelings of hatred, and therefore does not see the appearance in it but is a torturer who needs to withdraw. Gino access, a small migrant worker, eventually gives him a chance to desire. And you have to ask him twice: During the first meeting he gives him a sense of being physically, and later leads to cheating without any criticism. Developing a partnership should introduce a strict rule that has been created by Giovanna though. Gino desire for independence is canceled, its desire to leave the place with Giovanna and start a new life away from fitness is pushing away. Giovanna aims at another goal: to get Bragana killed, inherited and, with it, to collect insurance payments. In his hands Gino degenerates in a dedicated tool. Be completely at the mercy of this woman turns to a bloodthirsty killer. But as opposed to Giovanna he asks for crimes committed on the level of ethics. To take over the role of Bragana, which includes sleep in the bed of a dead person, causes great self-esteem. And later, after learning about the future payment of insurance funds and apparently seeing through the trickery of Giovanna, he also makes a separation from his partner and finds comfort in the hands of a prostitute. If the Visconti film has been completed for this stage, it might be easy to be a model of a beautiful woman, counting and unintelligent with little touch to social criticism. But the final series makes building with the attention of falling ideas. Eventually Giovanna feels sad about what she did, and with an unmistakable revelation of her inner feelings she succeeds in stimulating new Gino love. His brutal death by a strange road accident did not leave him just because of the fate of the fate. It also affects us, when we realize that no characters are responsible for their misfortune. Glory is a state of society that determines the individual's way without considering from the beginning. <br /> <br />
