When people today hear the 1940s game, it is often seen to create a claim that it is another great star that brings down evil, disgusting tasks. This document, however, does not match the Neorealist films, especially this directed by Count Luchino Visconti. OSSESSIONE as its beginning once taken and immediately attracted as near the hub is still loved by some people and strongly criticized by others. The opposite view of the film that has been seen in this 65 years seems to have been caused by the content of the film itself, which is controversial in modern and old times. At the same time, when relying on the novel by James M. Cain, POSTMAN has two times two, it is one of the actual adjustments to the screen where the director keeps his style, his opinion, his own art. I have seen the film twice and check the second time leading to a very detailed analysis that I would like to enter below. First, Visconti's movie seems to touch all the psychology and actions that people can do in life, especially those who are excluded from greed. These people make such a bad decision despite the negative consequences they will face. Gino (Massimo Girotti) traveler with a "carry like shoulders" returns to the cross road near Ferrara and enters the tavern. Although most people go there to eat, Gino is getting something more - more than: the incomplete desire of Giovanna's best (Clara Calamai) who is ready to marry an old man who runs the bar, Mr Giuseppe Bragana (Juan De Landa). His body and his song are totally thoughtful and from the time of their first love, this couple's plan to overcome the old barrier and create a new life together ... However, people are imprisoned for misconduct on the face of greed ? Can someone create love on murder? What is love and what is loyalty? What? Greed leads to dangerous or even destructive addiction? These questions are very common when watching the film, while, on the basis, the viewer is provided with the understanding of the characters. "We should love each other with love" Giovanna seems to give them a cure for all consciences of crying but may love to justify and treat everything? "Isn't it all we wanted" says one of the couples ... it happens that it is not. Therefore, the content of the film appears to be very dangerous if it is not affected by the mind and heart. However, there is still a contempt of thought. Secondly, OSSESSIONE has a very powerful point of speech with modern viewers: a brilliant and amazing movie, which goes to a pair with a memorable and powerful visual system. These make the modern viewer realize that the film made almost 70 years ago is quite entertaining. They come from beautiful beautiful pictures for just technical shots. Who can fly at that time in Ferrara where Gino meets a beautiful girl, a kind of "Ragazza Perfetta" (perfect girl), Anita player and buys her ice cream. His desires show him a completely different direction ... Do the audience continue to differ at Gino-Giovanna's first meeting? The first goal of the camera is on Giovanna's legs seems to represent the physical desire on the love that Gino finds. The amazing surprise is Gino and Giovanna leaving the observatory and close to their shadows that focus their attention on their look. Third, OSSESSIONE can boast the best displays from a leading pair such as hand cures. Massimo Girotti once said in an interview that work in this movie was one of the most difficult tasks he had done; but, therefore, what comes out is an innocent act. He shows a sex person is broken into desires that commit crimes but cannot stand any of the things that remind his victims, which represents a conscience. His discrimination is shown by Lo Spagnolo's character (Elio Marcuzzo) who meets in an extraordinary environment at Ancona train. Clara Calamai, who was thrown into a role after Anna Anna Magnani refused, is very useful for the role and we can assert that there is a real chemistry among couples. Both are very influential. Besides, I loved Juan De Langa in the role of Bragana: he shows an old unloving husband to his wife and is still mad about the top art. In some of his most beautiful moments, he asks his wife to wash back or walks on an empty road singing her favorite opera songs after the performance of karaoke. Overall, we, as modern viewers who have the ability to comment on the key, should watch this film correctly. It is indeed an artistic thanks to the aforementioned issues, it is a powerful story with thanks to the controversy; however, is it education? Visconti was not Fellini who said that he had no message for humanity. In this case, his films would have been attractive (which is true, not Fellini's style, too). Visconti always had something to present. What did he like to say here? Is the film against bad marriage? Or is it against the evil deeds of people who are translated and desires? At last amazing they say themselves. Although you do not agree with the vision, OSSESSIONE is a truly fantastic film, one of the best 8/10 Visconti
