Watching "Ossessione" today - more than 6 decades later - is still a powerful experience, especially for those who love film history and especially how Italian filmmakers have changed movies ever (almost "Ossessione" and "I Bambini Ci" of De Sica Guardano ", both 1943, up to 20 years later by Fellini, Antonioni, Pasolini.) Visconti makes amazing start-up instructions, and takes a" uncredited "program of" Postman Always Rings Twice "as a guide to the development of his own theme It will strike us today even before its time "Ossessione" was shot in Italy's Fascist Italy during World War II (think about !! !!), showing events and themes that have caused the film to be once on the cinema - and the fact that it used a popular US novel and paying a copyright did not help you. \ t the Fescist Bianchi "Fascist" movies; but it is also very fierce in its sexual faithfulness, with a non-Gino shirt shirt (Massimo Girotti, who actually precedes Brando's Kowalski in the "Street Street Street") to take Giovanna (Clara Calamai), married woman, sleep hours 5 just after the first encounter. We look at Calamai's pastoralism, the real thing that was bothering with the trick but not the absence of homosexuality between Gino and Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo - a very interesting actor, his face is not different from Pierre Clémenti, who was shot by the Nazis in 1945). at 28 years old!) ... In a few words: sex, lust, lust and poverty, as usual as it was a few times, if ever, is shown before Italian movies. All text of "Ossessione" was destroyed immediately after its opening - it was called a scandal and fornication. Visconti was able to save the publication, and when the film was released again after the war, many critics said it was the front of the Neo-Realist movement, before Rossellini "Rome CIttà Aperta" and "Sciuscià" of De Sica. Some other critics, perhaps more, saw the "Ossessione" as an Italian counterpart and "credibility of poetry" of French cinema (note Visconti was a Renoir assistant), especially "Quai des Brumes" by Marcel Carné and "The Jour Lève "by Julien Duvivier" Pépé le Moko ". When “Ossessione” can be Neo-True in its visible language (eg life during Italian war and its famous, poverty, child labor, adultery, bum, rebel, etc.) The characters and themes had already decided Viscontian. He was more interested in anxiety, anxiety, anxiety, ambition, social / political discrimination / gender, in the worst case of scholars than in fact, characters and themes, every day, loved by DeSica and Rossellini. In "Ossessione" we have found the features of the game and success later developed in most of his films, especially "Senso" (departure from Visconti from Neo-Realist aesthetics) and "Rocco e Suoi Fratelli" ... Even in its "Neo" more - Realist "film," La Terra Trema ", makes his fishermen come from everyday characters to mythological figures. <br /> <br />" Ossessione "is a good opportunity to prove the theory about famous artists who work is approaching, analyzing and developing themes and concerns from time to time, from their first to their end, regardless of the setting, history or time of setting can change - Visconti can play with the image but the theme and the essence of its art is, well , repeated from time to time. "Ossessione" should not be left: surely you will be enjoying this powerful, powerful film.
