(Other traders) I have not read James M. Cain's novel ('Postman Always Rings Twice') which this film was based, so I can't compare this version of the film, but I've seen and liked the American version of 1946 (also the headman 'Postman'). . However, it is best from Italy, which I have read, was 'locked' in editing because of too many of the Fascist rule. Well, no matter ?? what remains is a good piece of movies, it seems to be a precursor to the neo-realist movement in film making. Can anyone see why? in spite of any sharp editing, cultural and cultural feelings, and also personal abuse remains, dependent on the burden on the perpetrators, who face many boundaries in life. Think about Gino, young people are engaged, not educated, unemployed, and spending a lot of time, stealing and communicating with people to get, one pair of shoes is so important. In Giovanna, he sees a way out, however he would have to continue, as Giovanna suffers from an unloving marriage with an old man with money, his job (working with trattoria for her husband, serving behind the bar and The kitchen), and its sex. In the past, he had a little choice, and decided to marry the owner of a restaurant / gas station (Giuseppe Bregana, played by Juan de Landa) however, knowing that he could not make him happy. He tells Gino that he feels sick every time Bregana touches him. Because of helping Bregana to fix his car and take him into the village to buy the needed part (which is actually closed), Gino overcomes Bregana (promising also to fix the broken water pump? its lack and it is left alone with Giovanna. Once it starts a fierce, enthusiastic, but it is not interesting. Gino soon feels connected to the relationship, and feels the need to relocate when Giovanna suggests that he dismiss her husband. Searching for its part, Gino leaves the city on a train trip that can not afford, paid for mercy by another kind of gypsy type named Spagnolo, a fellow passenger. For Gino, Spagnolo represents a kind of freedom, and it becomes friends (Spagnolo also denotes Gino's values ​​and conscience), traveling and looking for work in joint meetings. Finally Gino has consistent employment. In his despair (he has never loved Giovanna), the month passed when Bregana and his wife were standing and Bregana was persuading Gino to return home to live and work with them again, since she was offered to be beside her. They are too weak to resist, knowing that this will reunite with Giovanna, Gino agrees to go back to stay with a couple. Over time she gives Gina's needs to flee her husband. Once the act of evil has taken place, Giovanna becomes more cold than before, it seems to have a very small conscience, while guilt and shame loses Gino by hurting someone who has never caused any harm. As he wants to leave her? he is doing again briefly, now they are connected in an indirect way, and they have to deal with the results. I loved how Spagnolo's behavior returned to Gino's life to act as a judge of his error? That was very good, and interesting, adding another dimension to the story. <br /> <br /> When the '46 US and Lana Turner version and John Garfield find a little lost in the quagmire of peripheral characters, especially fighters and lawyers, Ossessione fits more focus on the psychological effects of crime for lovers alone her. This gives the final results even more powerful, and provides powerful statements to strengthen the weaknesses of nature in the society in which the characters should live. Little / little: The amount of time (of course) that passes before losing love is said by lovers, they soon kill a husband (no first attempt as American version); Gino's very fast-spread relationship with dancer / hooker ?? they quickly claim their love too, and he is ready to risk a great deal for someone he just met! ?? it's not all true, isn't it? Have I seen this time-round problem? has made me think that I should miss something somewhere. Otherwise, it fits during the viewer. Acting with both patterns were the same. Recommended.
