Ossessione, adapted freely (or if it is free or close to the version I saw twice of James M. Cain's Postman twice with Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange I can be sure) and the first director of Luchino Visconti, no less ideal and use the mis-en-scene, music (two ufagetic and not diegetic), and acting. I did not know what to expect Visconti to do in his way of material, after seeing La Terra Trema and seeing how sometimes his political motivation is short-lived. But this is a physical and emotional characteristic, which is bordered by melodrama (however, with no less meetings), and in a better way than the film-black movement, Visconti forms the first that involves like any neo-realist film. The word-realistic, by the way, can be counted as such as the father (with De Sica's The Children Are Watching Us), which will take a pattern after the war. Although love and romance are more in play here than in some of the most popular neo-realist efforts, it is dealt with a clear-skeleton story story, and is laced with other common themes in neo-realism (lower class, death, despair . <br /> <br /> In addition to the story, which is as described on this site, the art that visconti takes pictures, and then puts it to the items (shawl on Gino Costa information at the time of trial), shades and darkness that and win many future events in the film (usually on Gian and Giovanna), and feel the Italian streets in many outdoor events. Domenico Scala and Aldo Tonti (who could watch other Rossellini films and Fellini) help to look at Ossessione, which often migrates to a character, then stops reading a great impression on their faces, their voice and a good and bad way, sad and dark and romantic. The film itself was moving together, even though I was afraid of the future. Two directions (Massimo Girotti and Clara Calamai) express all feelings of compulsory, realistic, and close, and important helpers are also not responsible. It is a great, crushing, and symbolic sign of what came to Visconti in his work.
