Luchino Visconti was a few years before his people. The Italian directors of 40 and 50 years were men who understood between, but was Luchino Visconti, a man of vision, who struggled to bring a film as to show what he could do. He demonstrates his early skills in his famous career and "Ossessione", the James Cain's film "The Postman Always Pete Twice", which was later made by Hollywood, but the version corresponds to what Visconti had made in the movie. Luchino Visconti and its partners on the screen included Alberto Moravia, who did not have a sponsorship, a person who knew about the effects of disappointment on mankind. <br /> <br /> The video has been saved well in the DVD format we just watched. The film is a must for all popular filmmakers because we can see how Visconti's vision was translated into a film that covers the truth in the right way, something that the American version did not exist. <br /> <br /> What comes to watch the movie, is the extent to which the director got from its key players. Good Clara Calamai is doing a wonderful job like Giovanna, a married woman, but when Gino looks at her life, all she wants to do is to remove a good person who gave her a chance in life. Giovanna is one of the best creation in the success of Mrs. Calamai in Italian movies. The last sequence of the film shows Mrs. Calamai to be the best in waiting for that which is used as a moral liberation for a violent crime committed. Very good is Massimo Girotti, one of the best performers of his generation who looks like Gino, a hunky man who activates a great enthusiasm in Giovanna. Gino is a perfect man for Giovanna, something that Mr. Girotti builds with ease and modern is not the same before the screen. Mr. Girotti makes a person live in practice that seems very simple, but for another actor it would not be very clear. Juan DeLanda looked like Giuseppe, an old man who loved Giovanna. In fact, his character tends to truer than his colleague in the American film, where he looks more like a buffoon. The video is a photo taken by Domenic Scala and Aldo Tonti. The film payers look at the natural which was the way of the Italian directors of that era. The original music of Giuseppe Rosati is perfect. Visconti, someone who loved opera and was one of the best directors, also includes arias and Bizet and Verdi that are well suited to the film environment. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" is a caring film because we see Luchino Visconti great on its form.
