The first aspect of Visconti, Ossessione is a combination of James M. Cain's Postman Always Rings twice. Now, I don't know that book or other versions of the film, but I am a big fan of the Common Freedom of Cain (more than I am a fan of the film version of Billy Wilder, in fact). Two novellas seem like they should be very similar. Both of them involve a lover of illicit where a angry wife complains to a moral weak person that her husband has no meaning and meaning. Giovanna, a woman in this Italian edition, played well with Clara Calamai, not a bad body as a wife in Double Liberty, but looks very devastated. Her husband (good performance with Juan de Landa) is very rude to him, but he hits me as he is at least as irresponsible. She is older than she is and is not attractive, so she loves so much. When Gino shows, the little boy, the husband, takes him five minutes to take him. She wants to be with him forever, but she is stuck with her husband. They break the first, but when they meet again, they (apparently, though this is unknown for purpose) plan to kill the husband. They succeed, and they return home to the housewife to run the bar which her husband has owned. Gino is not very interested in this idea. He wants Giovanna, but one thing that he does not want is to stay around elsewhere for his whole life. Their relationship quickly decreases. Ossessione is a very complicated film with complex characters. It is always interesting, but it goes too long. For two hours and twenty-two minutes, I can, for my life, know how long it took! This is because the stylistics of the neorealist which Visconti was converting into this film. It was, after all, the first film that won the label. We see a lot of long-term action as it will be in real life, without going quickly to the next stage of the plot. I have seen many Visconti movies, and only one I love more than this is Rocco and Brothers (1960). Its direction is as great as it was, and the camera moving gently with full editing. I also feel the need to show the best performance of the film, and Dhia Christiani as a small (foreign) player and one-time pastor named Anita who Gino meets after starting trying to stop Giovanna. He only in the film for maybe five or six minutes, and has just a few lines. How amazing Visconti and Christiani can do with this character for a very short time. He breathes completely. 9/10.
