Fate / Stay Night is a series of animation led by h game. Somehow the manufacturers turned out to talk this series without any success of h. It could not be any way because the development of the characters is just as good as it is shown in this series and any change of these can only destroy the whole (you will immediately understand when you see all the events). <Br /> <br /> Although the slow start (producer took his time on presenting the characters) things get quicker and soon after the series the action becomes sharp that lets your seat. The theme of the series focuses on the Battle of Grail Sacrifice that has taken place in Fukuky City for the last 50 years. The pilot starts with the end of the previous battle and goes from there. Shiro was the only survivor of the fire that started during the last war and spread much of the city. He does not call witnesses to the struggle between the two servants who cause Reiju (Holy One) to call the most powerful delegates in the battlefield, Saber. His first contact with Saber was astonished "The incredible beauty ... I was lost with the words". You should not compare this series with anyone else to understand the plot. FSN offers more of the fight of the swords of the sword, good animation, interesting lights, loud sounds, provides good character and development of relationships. It provides a change in the behavior of the characters as events are decreasing. This action reflects a positive attitude and behavior of individuals (not the same as other types of use of the series) which often creates their creativity to reveal, from under the mask to perfection, the negative characters. The Saber character is closed to the medieval story that has been modified to fit this series and should be accepted as such. You should not look at FSN to think that it does not show the viewer and historical facts, just remember that this is a fantastic series / fantasy and not a document and enjoy this for as long as possible. The end is suddenly and unexpected and if there are many times I would look at them in one breath.
