Warning: It may be demolished ... <br /> <br /> I saw this film 3 times & I liked it all the time. After seeing it again, I am always reminded of how good it is. Movie HBO TV-well as most of their films are - this would have found Oscars for these exhibitions if it was provided for general distribution rather than TV. <br /> <br /> If I am sure anyone knows from reading other reviews here, this is the story of the serial killer, Andrei Chikatilo. He killed 56 people over 8 years in the former Soviet Union. (3 victims were buried and were not found so guilty of 52 of 53 of his murder.) This story focuses more on an observer of information, Victor Burakov played fullness with Stephen Rea. The man being abused and observed and found the killer with additional sanctions imposed by the party hacks, part of it is necessary to ensure. There is a very sensitive area towards the end of a film describing how in the United States, monitors are regularly taken on serial murder cases after 18 months if they want or not because of mental and emotional problems. According to this, Burakov worked for more than 5 years before resting her first. He followed the case for his conclusion, 3 years later. In this area, his head, General Fetisov, played with Donald Sutherland, told him he is happy with his commitment and apologizes for not knowing he should give him a break. Rea's performance is very good he has done, he can not overload, chew the environment or do anything that differs from his exhibition of a person who is in hell who wants to seek his killer. He is a passionate person, but he does not show in the same way as is usually shown in the screening film. He regularly gives them more time after more silence than many can stand under that condition. Rea makes so much to her face, her eyes, do not need to strengthen. She is * - her character, so sad after a long time, at one time, dominated by frustration, in fact says she would like to get 3 at one time than no year. Of course he does not mean that he wants many people to die, he only wants signs to catch this person. Rea makes us feel this person. He makes us understand but we explain how we live in fear and vanity as well. <br /> <br /> Combination to be sure, the childhood of Chikatilo is one that provides such "creatures". The Catholic character is well done by Jeffrey DeMunn. Somehow (not possible though it may seem) refers to some of the sympathy of compassion for himself. Maybe he's worse than we go too bad? In any way, its performance has been done well. Donald Sutherland as Colonel Fetisov (later raised to the Chief) also does a good job. He appears to be a world leader who seems to be interested in investigating than any other person who hides Burakov. But eventually he becomes more assistant, actively involved in supporting Burakov. There is also a very good turn by Max Von Sydow if a psychologist was brought to help the profile and identify what kind of loss they are looking for. Although this movie deals with ethics, evil and violent story, it is more realistic about what it takes to capture the murderer than the killer himself. All around the well done film with beautiful performances and great screens. Screenplay will be able to do what is not the best of this kind of film: it provides realistic events and puts them into an amazing system that you feel like you know people * behind the truth. <br /> <br /> 9 out of 10 stars
