There I was sitting alone in my flat on Saturday night and a look at CITIZEN X or Eurovision Song Contest, and for the benefit of Americans to read this I will explain that TESC is an annual event where musicians from all European countries and small Asian countries have a contest song. At the end of the tournament countries vote to see the best song. It is a race that is less exciting than it looks and may not be shocked when I say that singing and song is not the caliber of Lennon and McCartney. And I should fix something in the first sentence of this review because the word "Election" is misleading because the music partner did not look at TESC under any circumstances. So I sat like the attributes created by CITIZEN X expecting to run by a legal surprise who is a pastor, but I would like to deceive everyone calling it. It is evident within the first 10 minutes of CITIZEN X who do not. What this film shows the Communist failure: "Serial Assistant! This is the Soviet Union, ordinary killers can only exist in the capitalist economic systems". he stays at the train station for the suspects who can wear a police jacket because it is a special warm coat that has! And of course all suspects who are members of the Communist party are given without interrogation which will affect the death of the latter. All of this has been done very well as we are shown to be a communist party system which is a trial but almost two-thirds of the way through CITIZEN X we find ourselves in 1990 as communism is on its last leg and the review of police investigations have been done. It is at this time that the film becomes very bad because of the lack of political subtext and the film descends on the common film of the person. But don't let it stop, CITIZEN X is a very good fun played by the sand especially Donald Sutherland as the father of the father / father <br /> It was amazing a few years ago I read something written by the famous criminal lawyer Colin Wilson where he said something along the lines that ordinary killers stop getting caught so that they are in the middle of the attention of the media, and I found myself close to the party's refusal to be a common killer in the Soviet Union. After all the media controlled by the party and anyone who is old enough to listen to Radio Moscow or read English translations of Pravda will know that the USSR reports only information as potato harvest, coal production and thank you for letters from Afghanistan, Cuba etc. for the Soviet Assistant. The concept of a common killer in the communist system is legitimate. But I think if a tree falls in the distant forest of Siberia you will still have a voice even though no one is close to hearing it.
