Well, let's start by saying that this film is not a real example of crime and legal movement of Andrei Chikatilo. Although it may be "official policy" in Politburo that the USSR had no ordinary killers, in fact the legal system had dealt with others, and "Killer X" (as called in fact) was already wishing when Fetisov was brought to Burakov on the case. In fact, as soon as they realized they had a lot of killings in their hands, the authorities gave them a task force of several officers to monitor and stop the murder of a person who was not equal to what is known as a common killer. It is preferable to the director and authors constantly remind the viewer that the story is "according to actual events," because this is not recommended. SPOILERS *** FOLLOW **** <br /> <br /> He said, this is a good example of the quickest fashion of Hollywood style which still finds the basis of what happened. It is easy to follow and has really enough back to its version of events to do with a forcible look. Yes, Chikatilo stole and killed children and adults, both men and women. Yes, the veterinary laboratory has set him free to continue killing for years. Yes, innocent men were charged with the murder and "confessed" to their offenses by the police. Yes, the gay community was subjected to abuse when the crime was committed (with the help of Burakov). And yes, Chikatilo was sent to the confession of a special prosecutor, Gorbunov, but with a good understanding of a psychiatrist named Bukhanovsky (although Gorbunov did not have a place near the martinet's self-show shown in this film). To give priority to reality and indeed aside, all these events are done in a manner that constantly tightens tension and fear. It does not hurt that director and co-author Chris Gerolmo has a perfect casting. . Stephen Rea's increasing emotional sensitivity in killing and developing skills in the diagnosis of the symptoms, Donald Sutherland is being taken with the attention of the backbone of the Soviet Union and a brutal spell which is apparent when it is needed, Jeffrey DeMunn with the power of the hidden rage and the attitude of filling fears, Max's Excellent Von Sydow's boyish because part of all criminal investigations increases sharp dialogue and crisp editing in ways that cannot be ignored. Why not, "Citizens X" is almost perfect ("close" due to one time to praise the soul at the end that is not recommended). It is highly recommended as a well-known fiction, not the truth presented ... but based on the movies of the "casual killer" that Hollywood offers normally, that's good for me.
