The Fortress of Blood (aka Demon's Lover, The Altar of Blood, Ivanna - the best, but the least of the exploitation of cinema movies, and so on) is the traditional film of Gothic Romance. That means it has huge, angry houses, a young woman with a head, a wonderful old man, thoughts of fear and natural things, and romantic things in a sense of that kind of kind. It also means that it is for the purpose of stimulating, and that the film will do the best for the terrible officers who are the biggest fans of intervention. If you like films such as Robert Wise's The Haunting (1963), but you also have a taste of the 1960s / early 1970s of fear of Spanish and Italian, you can also love blood. Baron Janos Dalmar (Carlos Quiney) lives in a large castle outside the traditional, unknown European village. Residents fear him because the story is that whenever she sits a woman, after she dies - the agreement is that she puts her dog on them. This is a problem because Baron has a very strong desire for women. At the beginning of the film, another woman has died and been killed. <br /> <br /> At the same time, Dr. Ivanna Rakowsky (Erna Schürer) was found in the center of the village, begging for the Baron Fortress of Dalmar. He is a foreign capital who is employed by Baron for his expertise in chemistry. Of course, no one wants to go around the castle. Finally, Ivanna gets a shade man (who becomes even shadier) to pick him up. Once, a wonderful woman who lives in a fortress, Olga (Cristiana Galloni), refuses Ivanna and says she should not exist since she is a woman. Baron Dalmar stops on whether he should stay. He ends up staying, but somewhat reluctant. Baron has hired to try to turn back to the effects of severe burns, which the brothers of Baron, Igor, are injured. Unfortunately, the brother of Baron seems to be a sterilized meat sauce in a strange, black liquid. And moreover, Ivanna has a fantastic dream. What is going on in the castle? What? Baron is responsible for crime? Is he insane? I wanted to love Blood more than me. As I said, the film is very deliberate in its adoption, and many of them are very common. I can go any way on devices like. I don't care for The Haunting (yes, I am in a very few there), but I am a big fan of the 1960s and 1970s of European panic. One of my favorite directors is Mario Bava. I also like Dario Argento's work since that time. But from time to time, Castle Castle moved very little at another time. There are huge chunks that are available for very exciting events excited by the events of Ivanna walking slowly to the cage of the castle. But the film environment is decent. Director José Luis Merino has managed more than the previous sets and locations, and they are well shot by Emanuele Di Cola. However, Castle Castle feels the lowest budget, and this is a Roger Corman film produced, after all (which usually means a small budget, though often the highest quality "quickie"). So when there are signs of the beauty of Bava's colors and decorative set of complex, everything is minimalist more. Of course, it does not help that Retromedia newspapers I have seen looks like a 30-year-old picture that has remained out of the sun for a very long time. It looks "deleted", and comparable to the effect. Still, Merino and Di Cola sometimes create positive attractions. For example, the Ivanna area walks through a dark hallway that is beaten from the spread of the spread, and where the main element of the plot is revealed through the shadows on the wall. There are also two carriers of Ingmar Bergmanesque, where voters are well spoken of for difficult relationships, rather than just being spectacular eyes and connecting your eye into shape. <br /> <br /> Exhibitions are very good, and women - especially Schürer - are very interesting. Merino uses this fact by inserting a decent amount of impurities. Schürer continued to make several films that were as sexually-oriented sex as in other forms, and English names such as Sex Life in Woman's Prison (1974), Naked and Lustful (1974), Strip Nude for Your Consumer (1975) The Impression of Sexy Seducer (1977). The Fortress of the Blood is a very tamer, but in addition to creativity, there are still serious cases that call for rape and slavery, and of course the sex that combines sex and death. <br /> <br /> The basic attraction here, though, maybe the story, which is a romance to stimulate slower like anything else. Horrible things, secret elements, and waiting somewhat unexpectedly close to the end are bonuses, but in the end, Blood Blood is a story of love, about couples overcome various problems and resistance (often with physical threats or effects) be together.
