I remember following Andre Chicatillo's case in newspapers when I lived in South Africa. They had pictures of him sitting in his castle while being charged in court. Not, as it has changed, to protect members of the court, but to protect him from the public. This was surprising, though it is disgusting, to read. Later I heard that the film was made by HBO about the case, but it was released for the American TV. Locked! Surprisingly, CITIZEN X got a movie release in South Africa. I charged him with the complex of the local Ster Kinekor and bought a ticket (I was alone; my girl at that time was only interested in the interest of the MAGNOLIAS OF STE AND FRIED GREEN TOMATOES). Wow! What a talented film. Why was it not given to a broad audience? If not made by TV, it may have a Oscar or 2 selection. the murderer is not saved from the audience. Jeffrey DeMunn shows the psychological traumatic. He is calm, troubled, thinks of failure by his wife and has a constant shy and embarrassing attitude to his taskmasters. By doing these terrible things, he feels strong, strong. <br /> <br /> Fighting beating against all the problems is a doctor's doctor, playing very well with Stephen Rea, in one of his powerful performances. He has to fight the slogan of the Russian rule, the natural resources he has and (above all) rejected by its authorities to acknowledge that the USSR even has a common killer. The prime minister (Joss Ackland) says that the serial killers are "a bad situation, the West thing". Donald Sutherland is just ready to help, but his help must be under the counter. Max Von Sydow has an ever-minded Russian player who breaks the protocol and decides to help investigators in their efforts. It is the first time in the Russian history that waste is used to create a profile of a typical killer still independent, and has everything to lose if his participation is made to the public. <br /> <br /> CITIZEN X is well done, well written and music and editing only adds tension to the film theme. A good help from Imelda Staunton who is very scary and the real sense of the expected punishment makes CITIZEN X a suitable film to see. This was very good to be done on TV
