What makes for the best material of the picture? Oscars have come with many rods for many rewarding attractions that have been wrong, and ignoring the "writers" who would be faithful for many years to come. It was not because Hollywood was against art or creativity. The Academy Awards are the choice by the industry itself, and that is why, at least in the past, they worked to pay more cooperation, sad meetings of creative ideas. Arthur's free unit in the MGM was closed to the Oscar glory for several years at this point; it was just a matter of time before being released, with the help of his powerful director Vincente Minnelli and the best-looking stars in the business, could make the best pictures. They were saved to say more to enhance the music than anyone else, to create pictures that made stories and songs together without losing the music of the 30s music. The top of the Freed music, is that songs, different from those of Hammerstein or Lerner, should not tell or even related stories. What is important is that the sound of the song and how it is presented is appropriate in the format of the film. An American in Paris was the first of three free music (the other two being Singin 'in the Rain and Band Band) which took out existing numbers from their original environment and worked in a completely unrelated story. Words are not synonymous, but schedules should show. So, while Gene Kelly singing I Got Rhythm, it still does not have a girl however, but the way that has been made by French children joining it is a good reputation of reputation, and the tune of upbeat and dance gives the movie a little lift requires this hour. An American in Paris also uses the rule-breaking allowed in the genre to add a little odd bird of the concept of telling stories, as a series of dance that includes a description of Leslie Caron's character. is the best director of this project than Minnelli, own painter and piano? This time there was no one who had to feel better for Technicolor. While other directors would fill each area with a single color or fill the screen for painting shades, Minnelli color schemes are managed for control but are never available. In the opening opening tones are well spoken, but not mixed, and especially there is a lack of red. During Oscar Levant and the meeting of Georges Guetary in café, a few shades are preceded. Then, during the first number of music, "By Strauss" Minnelli gradually brings the splashes of red? clothes table, a bunch of roses? until it finally reigns, if the song has strengthened the color scheme of the picture. For many songs, colors are covered as intricately as people. However, for a certain number, such as "Tra-la-la" sets the same shade and instead opens up space as the song increases and characters add more. Achilles' An American's heel in Paris is his story. I personally find a romantic angle particularly impressive, playing as seen as the last sympathy for the misogynistic love stories that dominate the 30 years; The woman's head, the independent woman gets rejected when the gentle girl, the girl suffering and love the hero. Even if you do not have that mind, it is difficult to integrate emotionally with stories because it is always shade and songs and dance. Compare this with Singin 'in the Rain, which does not really have the main structures or pieces of memory as An American in Paris, but it has a winning story. Singin 'in the rain was ignored in Oscars of 1952, but is considered to be the most common type of today. But I think people sometimes forget that movies are all kinds of surfing entertainment, not just a way to tell stories. An American in Paris is not deep or engaging or cutting-off but prohibiting, but as a picture of DeMille which won the top prize next year, it is certainly a great show.
