The series of 17-minute dancing of George Gershwin's 1928 piece of orchestral, "An American in Paris", is an unknown job. Made with precision and unlike Gene Kelly, a good combination of colors, music and dance is still amazing to the eye as a broken piece of events led by the great artists - Dufy in the opening of the Place de la Concorde, Manet in the flower market, Utrillo on the street of Paris, Rousseau to the right, Vincent Van Gogh in the mysterious place of Place de l'Opera, and Toulouse-Lautrec to Moulin Rouge where Kelly is wearing her famous white body. The 97 minutes that precede this is not exciting, not for long shot, but there are other talents to watch all Oscar-1951 music. Director Vincente Minnelli and photo reporter Alan Jay Lerner has made an amazing sophisticated story with a little romantic story focused on Jerry Mulligan, who was GI who remained in Paris after the end of WWII trying to strive as a painter. In the form of braggadocio and the style of playing games, Gene Kelly can combine and influence as a personality of the screens, but it seems to get her job as a careless Jerry. The triangular way of love focuses on the participation of Jerry and Milo Roberts, an independent professional artisan but a young sex worker during small artists. On their first day at Montmartre's nightclub, Jerry falls to a young man for Lise, a young woman who turns to Henri's pastor, a professional singer and a friend of Jerry pal pal, Adam, an outdoor piano player. Sexual problems include up to an inevitable end but not before the old Gershwin songs have been done. The best of these is to be implemented more - a romantic romantic song and dance for "Our Love Is Here Staying" along the Faux-Seine River in blue light with yellow yellow lights. Kelly and Leslie Caron's path around each other are common if they first communicate and then connect well to the music leading to the final clinic. Short films are framed and briefly by two people who come in love. "I'm a Rhythm" and "S'Wonderful" carefully Kelly's nimble-playing and beautiful singing, while "Embraceable You" is playing largely by Caron in five montage area of ​​Henry's description on the map of Lise to Adam. Designed to show the interaction of Caron, the sequence is similar to "in Town" where Vera-Ellen demonstrated his great skill of playing while Kelly's marine style described his vision of Miss Turnstiles. If Lise, 18-year-old Caron (in her first film) plays very well and holds her role with anonymous charm and her talent to do not rise for several years. Looking at the most interesting, Nina Foch is as old as Operating Milo and can be interested enough for us to take care of his fate, while Oscar Levant is his sardonic self-like Adam. Making a prestigious "I will build the skills to Paradiso", George Guétary plays Henri so with the acceptance that you feel you lose a girl at the end. This is not the best of MGM music, but there is certainly the magic of the film to make this something very valuable. The 2000 DVD has regular newspapers but not a bit of an extra issue.
