updated January 1, 2006 Parsifal is one of my two favorite Wagner or drama operations, to be more accurate, (Meistersinger is another) although it's hard to imagine if "on anyone pops". The freetto, and the composer as usual, is the clay of religion, paganism, quarrels, and possibly even homo-eroticism, and its length can make it seem to the listeners as hearing the dry color. Wagner, known as Semite, (Klingsor may be one of his Jewish criminals). He usually gave the original authors without fail (not for the effort of trying to try!) Hermann Levi, who was his beloved! (Go to statistics!) Kundry, a great mix of gal and other Jewish possibilities, are foolish or compassionate, according to the area. Thinking that many versions of Parsifal video versions appear on this stodgy side, this opera film is, in contrast, the breath of fresh air. Hans-Jürgen Syberberg, director, has brought great ideas but it is difficult to know why he made some of his choices. For example: The most well-known characters (of each gender!), Hippo, the death of Wagner set with various dolls and symbols such as the Nazi swastika in one of the travel events. (If I remember, "real" Engelbert Humperdinck wrote real music to blow out the change of scene.) Although Wagner himself died very soon to be a real Nazi, many of his descendants (with his second wife Cosima.) Were at least other travelers, if include his grandson Wolfgang Wagner who still runs Bayreuth's festival at an early age. In fact, Wolfgang Gottfried Wagner's son, with full opposition to his father, has tried to negotiate honestly with his grandfather. Syberberg, too, appears to have political concerns because of what I have read. In 1977, he made a popular film on Hitler, "Hitler: ein Film aus Deutschland" (sometimes called "our Hitler" in English.). Since it takes all 8 hours and is not widely distributed, many people have not seen (including myself). Armin Jordan, a soundtrack for the sound of the film which has come from, plays Amfortas (singing with Wolfgang Schöne) Edith Clever (Yvonne Minton) plays Kundry, Michael Kutter and Karin Krick two of the Workers (All and Reiner Goldberg !!) and Robert Lloyd and Aage Haugland are playing and singing Gurnemanz and Klingsor. Though opera is a long time with all (except Kundry?) they have been described as being older than Acts 2 and 3, no one seems to be the last day at the end of the opera. (Magic of Grail? In this Grail opera is a cup which Jesus drinks in the Last Meal and not Mary Magdalene as soon, the idea I get preposterous!) <br /> <br /> make and sing all can be used by the DVD seems to improve sound, if not image, to a large extent. (Yes, I agree that the "Kna" method is better, even for the second, stereo, version but it might be better than all the grammar in general.) <br /> <br /> Not Parsifal for Wagnerites all but I think it works well like an opera.
