Parsifal (1982) Played with Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Sperr, Edith Clever, Aage Haugland and Reiner Goldberg, Yvonne Minton, Wolfgang Schone, Hans-Jurgen Syberberg Director. from the German film school, the kind proposed by Ingmar Bergmanesque's tones, came to the 1982 final film of Wagner - Parsifal, written to fit with Good Friday / Easter and the Bayreuth Opera House sanctification. This film follows the color of the music and plot accurately but the manner in which it was made and made is bold and avant-garde and no other Parsifal is given a crown in its amazing movies. Syberberg is known for controversial films. Before this film he had given a film about Hitler and Nazism, Richard Wagner and his personal Anti-Semitism and document about Winifred Wagner, one of his daughters. This film is possible to distract from many things. Parsifal (singing by Reiner Goldberg but made by Michael Kutter) is a male in the first part of the film and then, after the magic of Kundry's kiss, is transformed into a female. This aspect of gender focus shows the female / male-yang of the Holy Grail effort, which serves all mankind and saves it through the blood of Christ. In the pagan tower of Klingsor, there are pictures of shocking statistics like Hitler, Nietzche, Cosima Wagner and Wagner's Matilde Wesendock. Flag of Swaztika hang out of the castle. Parsifal trip to the 19th and 20th centuries in the film. Women of Flowers trying to be nude. Kundry is portrayed as a beautiful but destructive type Mary Magdalene or Eve from Genesis (played by Edith Clever but with beauty singing and mezzo-soprano Yvonne Minton). Finally, this film is for fans of this amazing German / European metafiction model and for scholars who know the scores, history and lovers of Opner Wagner. Indeed, singing is great and lying. Reiner Goldberg's parsifal is a thoughtful and intense voice but does not have a detailed and comprehensive size of more Staff - James King, Wolfgang Windgassen, Rene Kollo and Placido Domingo today. Yvone Minton is a psychological Kundry, surprising and exciting, trying its status to be fully tortured. While the production is certainly odd and as un-Wagnerian as it can get (the concept of Wagner was a Christian celebration with Grails, spears, castles, knights and wounded kings, a dark wizard, darkness turning to light, etc. The usual theme of Wagnerian ). .it is still an enjoyable film, of art.
