Gene Kelly came up with a very good music comment while having MGM. Here he is on his creative authority working with Freed Arthur's music unit. It's hard to believe when you look at an American In Paris that players have never been left behind on the MGM. The Witch of An American In Paris is due to the creative editing under the leadership of Vincent Minnelli and the sets that MGM is designed with a particular history of setting up shots. The concept of the film came from Kelly who just wanted to make a film with a long ballet series involving George Gershwin's An American poem in Paris. It seemed good to Arthur Freed who came to Ira Gershwin who said well to him when using other Gershwin equipment. Gershwin got the type of Gershwin music contract which Irving Berlin had found. No one of Gershwin's music is heard in An American in Paris. Listen to some music back and you'll hear things like Embraceable You and But Not For Me which are not real music numbers. Another person who was a right hand to write lyrics, Alan Jay Lerner, wrote a story that is really thin. All about the former GI played with Gene Kelly who after World War I never left France, just sat in an apartment on the Left Bank and became a hungry artist. He lives with the political composer Oscar Levant and does that ever be as destructive. Two women are attracted to him. Another American played by Nina Foch who wants to sponsor him as an artist if he can return to other things. But Kelly falls to the girl's shop played by Leslie Caron at the beginning of her film. Caron also has a star comedy music Georges Guetary interested here. <br /> <br /> Of course the conspiracy is just an excuse to sing and play music for George Gershwin. An American in Paris happens to be the first film I saw as in the flight of the airplane on the first flight I had. I remember flying from Phoenix Arizona to Kennedy Airport to see Gene Kelly doing I've been Rhythm. My favorite number in the film however is Tra-La-La which Kelly sings and playing every apartment with Oscar Levant playing piano. When one Kelly plays on a grand piano baby. In a book about Arthur Freed, I read a quote where he said in America in a series of Paris ballet was done by the background of French Representatives who felt that the public took rather than a real set in the streets or lots of past. So it was that way. Kelly had made a long ballet program in Song with Music, Pirate, and On Town. But this has given them all. It still does in my opinion and which includes the latest films of Gene Kelly. <br /> <br /> In amazement to surprise on Oscars, An American In Paris was well chosen for the 1951 picture, hitting the famous Street Street. I think the wonderful reality of this year. A big budget also has a high hand in these things too. <br /> <br /> Still an American in Paris is one of the best movie songs ever done and since the studio again have all the creative talent under one roof, a little lower object to be repeated.
