An American in Paris was, in many ways, the final mix of art and music of Hollywood. MGM's height of power as a musical power, the film has an unforgettable music from Gershwins, who is actually called the 20th century of Beethoven and Mozart. Gene Kelly also had the strength of his strength in this film, although it could be certain that this movie was just warm for his best work at Singin 'in Rain (1952). These two films are actually linked. In addition to Arthur Freed's relationship, part of the Broadway Melody in the "Rain" is allegedly the presence of an amazing American player in a series of Paris Ballet in this film. This may be the only time of the specified dance number in the opening of the film's features. And it deserved to be, as it shows the experience of Gene Kelly as a player and a choreographer at their highest level. The film is very good. Leslie Caron, making his first film, shows the maturity that makes you think he had made a film for years. His series of drums, and later his work on the Ballet, provides an amazing time of surprise by MGM Musicals and the work of Cyd Charisse in Singin 'in Rain and Band Band. Oscar Levant is a hilarious master like Kelly stoic pal, who gets two of the best film time: at the end of the party chain (which I do not give to anyone who did not see the film), and one of the most memorable films of mobile phones whose couples know the piano wonderful and state of the art (in time) special effects. Below does not remember Georges Guetary as a romantic rival of Kelly, although he gets the most important things of music, and Nina Foch as a romantic opponent of Leslie Caron. May-December's relationship between Kelly and Nina's behavior reminded the relationship of "saved man" between George Peppard and Patricia Neal in Tiffany's Breakfast. There are a few of the films made by me less than the Singin 'in the Rain. Ballet, though appropriate and well-developed, is not good for all movies. Without giving away the plot, Ballet only occurs, without real rhyme or cause. And unlike a series of Broadway Melody, you certainly have nothing to do with the plot - and in the best music, all songs have some kind of reason. Do something bad is the end of the film that happens after Ballet. Although the latter can not be a surprise (this is a musical MGM, after all), I was hoping for more movie ... after the ballet ended. It's like Vincente Minnelli's director saw that he could not follow Ballet and anything else. The real film has left me in all directions. <br /> <br /> That is far away, An American in Paris ranks similar to the best Hollywood music. It is not found at the Singin 'height in the Rain, but it is coming closer and it is still a knowledge of Gene Kelly as one of the most regular players.
