I didn't know anything about Chocolat before watching it. I did not know anything about stories, cast, director, or anything about the history of the film. I only knew it was a well-known French film. I would have been more aware, maybe not looking at the picture with a clear mind. On paper, the premise does not sound interesting to me. If I knew what Chocolat was on time, my mind when looking would have decreased. However, not knowing about the story helps me enjoy. In general, I had no clue where the story would go, what the characters would do, and what the end result would be. It was, if nothing else, is not a predictable film. Indeed, it would be as if the information is told in a small way. Describing the story in a decline situation is often a dangerous argument for part of the film makers. Since the leading behavior appears in the present day, viewers know that it will remain alive. Using a flashback approach, director Claire Denis can assure the audience that the little girl makes an adult without any physical damage, and gives the viewer that Chocolat is more stories about emotions than the outside. A small film manufacturer could give France a face of haggard, which describes the cradle of childhood and abnormalities. Instead, Denis gives France as a beautiful girl, someone who looks good. It might be saying that Chocolat is more about French mother since she was given more time of screening, although I believe it's finally about France. For me, what is chocolat is exactly how the mother's actions affect her daughter. It is about how parents' behavior stays with their children. France was not destroyed by the actions of her mother in the story, but her mother's actions clearly showed in France. If France was not completely affected by the actions of her mother, the flashback feature was useless. For films related to two periods of time, past and present, Chocolat was very good, had no extra oil area. None of the free events or out of place. The film had a good, crisp sound edit, but only what was needed to tell the story. For a well-defined story, good editing, and organized planning, Chocolat is one of the best French films I have seen. It was responsible for launching the work of Claire Denis and for good reason: it is the beginning of wonderful recipes.
