This is a wonderful film to watch or show young. Apart from the very nude area, it provides an interesting view of colonialism in Africa that will never get another film. It takes a high comparison with OUT OF Africa, but without a romantic fluff. African people Cameroon Cameroon are attracted to because they don't even seem to be like people. Europeans are all big and expect to become Black without question. However, unlike true servants, once you hear any of the Europeans saying 'thank you' and nothing else is given to these people. From time to time, it's like they are lovers or slaves, as the feelings of people have never thought. <br /> <br /> The central example of these ideas is the relationship between mother, Aimée and her servant, Protée. Although sometimes they spend a lot of time together and it is common that they can begin to have sexual feelings for each other, a white woman can never focus on the Proté or the presence of her feelings. A good example of this lack of attention is when she has a lace protes up her dress and it is clear that she is very sexually sad with this. Apart from this relationship, while almost all Europeans are not sure that Africans are people, few go even using bad words and treat them as waste. It is also interesting is the relationship between Protée and the little girl (who was originally planted at the end of the film). When they are so close, sometimes she is like a play or a pet and a girl has never played with natural children. It is one of the most beautiful features of the White which appears, sometimes, to see them better but unfortunately her character is unacceptable and confusing. One time, he works hard on Blacks or eating with them (something other Europeans did not do) and next tries to beat Protea! I could only think of what was behind him - perhaps he was just jerk, or was mad or maybe he was a communist healer trying to stir Blacks against Whites (who knows!). In fact, more than a few beautiful screens, this character seems to be very lost. I was very interested in this understanding of the film presented, I would have had more than a few snippets of this world through a child's perspective during a few moments of his life. The environment and what has happened to overcome the colonial country will not be addressed by the film leaving me need more. The film appeared at the beginning of the 1980s (for wearing the head of the Walkman style) and when the film returned in time, it seemed that it was installed in 1960 (more or less), but it was never mentioned in the 1950s of colonial violence. or the independence of the nation in the early 1960s. I think that some of these confusion may be that the creators of the film have gone up and should start the early films (such as the 1970s) and have a woman thinking back to her life earlier in the years The 1950s - before the country had political change. Apart from the lack of confusion and chaos over time periods, use the prologue and epilogue that has shown that an adult going to the country was a good idea. And I also appreciated the end, if it was a good surprise when you get more information about a good man who gives him a ride. But in general, it just feels like something is missing - there is not any kind of resolution or other message except to show that colonialism is thoughtless and cruel.
