Putting in Cameroon in West Africa in the 1950s, Claire Denis' Chocolat is a good poem of a photographic and emotional image that shows the effects of colonial death on a young family during the last years of French rule. The theme is similar to the latest in Africa, although the film is very different in scope and emphasis. The movie is told from the perspective of an adult who returns to his childhood home in a foreign country. France Dalens (Mireille Perrier), a young woman who passes through Cameroon, remembers her youth when her father (Francois Cluzet) was a government official in French Cameroon and had a loving friendship with a female servant, Protée (Isaach de Bankolé). However, the heart of the film is about French mother Aimée (Giulia Boschi) and her love / hate relationship and Protée that is facing sexual tension. <br /> <br /> Housing is divided into public and private spaces. The white family rooms are private and there are no limits to all except Protée who works at home while the workers are forced to eat and bathe out, showing their body of copper copper with white family lights. It is clear when her husband Marc (François Cluzet) goes into business that Aimée and Protée are attracted to sex but the laws of the community prevent it from being accepted. In one sequence, he invites them into his bedroom to help him to put on his clothes and two deserve the image of each in the mirror with a great desire for their eyes, knowing that any interaction is a destiny. French boy (Cecile Ducasse) also makes a bond with the servant, feeding him from his plate when he shows him how to eat a broken ants and take his shoulders in walking under the night sky. Despite their securities, the reality of their servant's relationship is clear when France orders Protée to stop her conversation with the teacher and immediately take her home, and when Protée stands beside her at the dinner table, waiting for her next command. When the plane loses its propeller and is forced to enter the nearby mountains, the crew and passengers should enter into the compound until the possible entry point. Each guest shows their hatred for Africans, one, a good coffee planter brings food from the kitchen and his black grandmother to hide in her room. Another, Luc (Jean-Claude Adelin), a proud arrogant Frenchman, reduces the proportion of color when he uses an outdoor shower, eats with servants, and insults Aimée about his attraction to Protea to cause him to end up with an emotional crash. <br /> <br /> Chocolat is a great biography, taken from the childhood records of the director, and goes slow and as strange as the isolation of a country that is being done. Denis tells about the effects of colonialism without preaching or loving characters. No survivors or invaders, no good people. Protea is a servant but it is also a guardian as he stands on the bed where Aimée and his daughter are sleeping to protect them from the hyena. It is a pity that the Protene is treated as a boy and not as a man, but Bankole has blocked his behavior with dignity and condition that eliminates the disease. Because of its speed, Western viewers can work hard to fully understand the film and Denis do not have the words of Roger Ebert, "our coach coach". The truth of Chocolat lies in the signs and eyes that touch the desire of our heart.
