In 1955, the UK made a comedy called Simon and Laura, along with Peter Finch and Kay Kendall. To this day, it stands as one of the best examples of the British comedy and, more specifically, about how television telephones are well known. It was, and is also a good example of independent movies. So also Sapuli, the film I have never heard of the past days when I got on a late TV. I was very difficult for the first time just because the comedy is hard to do well, as you know. Still, I was very excited to enjoy the satire of the very clever about the American TV day. In fact, it has been a time since I laughed it to the heart. So, if you like satire, I would like to see you. <br /> <br /> Chief executives? Sally Field, Kevin Kline, Robert Downey and Cathy Moriarty? just just do a good job, just revealing how bitchy and deep the acting business is. As I was looking, I kept thinking about myself: how much of this bitchiness that interferes with real life? That is, if actors ever have real life? As you know, Peter Sellers, for example, was famous to hide his true persona behind a multitude of characters, so that no one really knew the real person. So, as I watched Sally Field playing Celeste Talbot playing Maggie, I thought again on the original British film and Kay Kendall playing Laura playing character in the TV bed opposite Peter Finch ... Is it any wonder that other actors have trouble the nerves? And that feeling was closed when Celeste met his daughter (Lori, played by Elizabeth Shue) and, during emotion, he repeats the false lines that he used, in the early days of his day's soap, while fighting with his daughter lie in the display! What? Confused? These are not all like that, but talk is wonderful for nature, comedy, bitchiness, anger, dirt, duplicity, and even ... love. <br /> <br /> story? Yes, there are many stories in this film, all of them connected, and all that gather at the end (of course? But not like Robert Altman's film, right!), And not all are finally resolved. Life is not like that, right? These are almost enough, and you really should look and listen carefully to come up with all the eyes and eye craft. Take 97 minutes from your life and watch; you can't rub the use of time. All others gave us well, although I have never been taken very much by Whoopi Goldberg. Perhaps the funniest conversation is between Robert Downey and Cathy Moriarty and, with my money, the latter stole many scenes from others, gets my vote as the best player. I am not a child, he gives a bitch a new face completely new ...
