Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy built natural materials within the ephemeral structures, collecting rocks in the cairns of the egg shape, filling rock pools and hot flowers and stitch spots and branches in good network systems. The original work and a few pictures of his other creatures have been at the corner of Southampton's art gallery (close to where I live), but though I have seen these pieces of wonder, I just saw the amazing work of Goldsworthy when I was lucky enough to catch the -screening of Rivers and Water. Thomas Reidelsheimer's film, accompanied by a good instrumental soundtrack with Fred Frith, brings Goldsworthy and his art to life by showing the artist working. The opening area gives fusing pieces of icicle on the snake's tail to the head of the tree. Working with his teeth and hands, Goldsworthy hands work fine, ephemeral. Before the time this stylish sculpture decomposes the object in the hot sun of Nova Scotian. This area is among the most beautiful in the film, but the width and innovation of Goldsworthy's work is amazing. Reidelsheimer shows all achievements and failures, capture the frustration of falling pieces before being completed with the glory of those shining, even if only for a few hours, minutes or seconds. <br /> <br /> Goldsworthy himself provides details, speaking slowly but with ideas on the theme in his work. He exposes his need to work with nature, being alone in it and developing his understanding by trying to work with natural materials, even when they seem to work against him. Sometimes he is down-to-earth and humorous; sometimes he struggles with words to describe his purpose? something that is quite understandable when witnessing its amazing work first hand. The 'head and water' of the head are becoming more important when we see natural materials through the hands of the artist, coming from one form to another. The arrest of the creation and cancellation of Goldworthy work is itself a piece of amazing art. Although Goldsworthy works for different materials and covers the territory of North America and Europe, the presentation of one designs after another in this film is enough; gave me the same feeling of fatigue I experienced while spending too much time in the gallery and trying to take anything new. The short time that we are recognized by Andy's family and the city is all that breaks the long line of his artwork. However, Reidelsheimer works very well in photography of Goldsworthy and its creativity, and gets it in their broader surroundings, from the Canadian rivers to the Scottish Mountains. Appropriately, the film ends with Goldsworthy giving a few of the world and snow into the sky. The rupture of the crust occurs in dust particles even if it loses its air; this is a pure expression of beauty found in the work of this wonderful artist.
