If the jacket announces, this film is "Shooting for beauty and for beauty," and, yes, it's very good. The endless lack we see in the stoic rock and in the continuous series and the proper flow of ephemeral water from the hands of Goldsworthy so that they can focus on life in its entirety. And so the beauty of his songs only frees us from the touch of dirty filth - or by the words of Matthew Arnold from "Dover Beach": <br /> <br /> Listen! you hear the sound of the stones of which the waves are turning back, and walking, When they come back, on the top rope, Start, and cease, and then start again, With a very serious trouble, and bring the eternal Message of sorrow. One time near the end of the film Goldsworthy says that "Words do their work, but what I do here says much more." As the text itself I do not miss an error and not for a little time I think he has no sense because the combination of form and time with change and texture and color and composition that Goldsworthy likes to power and intuitively, is actually something more than just words can say. Sometimes it says about "What is here to stay ... and what is not." That's his theme. I think that artists sometimes in the twentieth century began to fully understand how ephemeral even the great works of art are comparable to the vast cosmic space of time; and thus began to reflect on this knowledge by making work that was deliberately ringing. The idea is, by emphasizing how short life is the most important work of humanity, the sense of lack of art will explain. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the most effective part of Goldsworthy's work is in this kind of expression. He includes some types of grass or leaves where the wave will reach, or put it in the river where it will be removed; and in this process is integrated all the structure and its destruction. <br /> <br /> All transitory and timeless time is important for us to understand our world and our space in it. And it is important that these tasks should be done within the natural environment so that what is written is put into the original. So the stone walls and stone stones that Goldsworthy builds are silent and stable yet we know that it is not the eternal cemetery, but rather it will remain for an unlimited measure of time and then stop and return to such a state that existed before it came. <br /> <br /> This is an art as art should be, similar to spiritual. <br /> <br /> Work on Goldsworthy's work is an unknown understanding. It is a temporary experience and form. For his work "responds" the famous poem of Shelley "Ozymandias" by saying, even if the tide loses work away, and even if the river describes words, however the art survives because of our experience. Similarly, a person thinks to draw the sand of the Tibetan sand by carefully observing and testing, and then as with beauty and finishing finishing, it is given to the wind, so that we know that it all comes from. However, in the modern world these works of art tolerate in pictures and videos. Goldsworthy is a complete photographer (I must say) and all his work, even those who are not successful, tells us, they are photographed so they can look back at them with more sense of reflection and see what he has accomplished and what he does not know. This production of a film directed by Thomas Riedelsheimer and a good and appropriate music with Fred Frith should not be. It is one of the most beautiful documents I have ever seen and one of the most spiritual.
