This is a romantic comedy with an emphasis on comedy for change. As usual lovers - Sally Field as close-on-hill opera rabbit opera, Celeste Talbert; and Kevin Kline as a talented talented actor, Jeffrey Anderson - they are deliberately working, seemingly they do not know they love so much, etc.. Take a little for Margo Channing of Bette Davis in All About Eve (1950) and the whole Many on the slapstick performances, Sally Field goes up to the hilarity as she eliminates her way of love and happiness. Kevin Kline, one of the leading men in recent years, is also very good and very successful if he can be a good, dangerous, dedicated and loved one at the same time. The disaster center around the fear of Celeste's loss of listeners as he has entered forty years, reaching the stage of the crisis and the arrival of his partner, the Cori Craven actress (Elisabeth Shue) who turns out to be her boyfriend , and the problems of the next plot. Cori can find a small part of the soap opera as a fool of the homeless deaf before discovering his true relationship with Celeste (and Jeffrey Anderson too) - but don't worry. <br /> <br /> Like a romantic counterpoint or hair for heads are Robert Downey Jr. (the opera director of soap, David Barnes) and Cathy Moriarty (Montana and Nurse Nan). David Barnes is very oh for him, but he cares only one thing: to overcome Celeste so that he might shine more on the set. So it gets Barnes to do all sorts of things in order to destroy the work of Celeste, but through the way and / or logic to lose, all his experiments go faster, and the joy of the viewer. Whoopie Goldberg has Rose Schwartz, the chief author of the show and Celeste's alter-ego and the secret when Carrie Fisher has a common part as a tough-nail manufacturer of the show. <br /> <br /> I thought this was a funnier than just the other spoof of world soap opera that I saw (Young Doctors in Love 1982 which burlesqued General Hospital TV and was good). Soup is funnier with a daffy script and a lot of lin-out loud-liners with strict displays and Field, Kline and Downy, Jr. But look at this for Sally Field who is the best.
