I admit that for 20 or more minutes of this film I was not quite sure that I would go all the way. Like many others, I noticed it was boring good, and I didn't look quite at an hour and a half to watch this guy bite icicles and catch them together. However, if you stay in the creation of his first work for a long time to see the finished product, you get an amazing idea of ​​all the film. In fact I think it is a pity that many people have found this impossible or to return to the ideas made by other artists. Rivers and Crops are a silent study of some artworks and ways of Andy Goldsworthy, who makes his art completely out of things in nature, generally cause pieces that will be used by nature through the entropy process. It goes slow and unavailable, but I think that a lot of movie action is showing that Goldsworthy art does not need any adherence to know. I've heard people complain about how he speaks every time on the movie, rather than letting his nature and his own self-esteem, which I think is just mad. On the other hand, lots of people complain about coming CDs and lyrics written in them. Many of the musicians also think their music should mean anything that the listener wants to mean without an indication of the real lyrics, I think I'm just the kind of person who believes that I would like to know what the artist was trying to complete with his artwork. I can still take how I want even if I know what it meant to do. I can understand not wanting to hear him talking about the movie. He does it, after all, losing his train to think and find himself unable to explain some of his work to more than one event, but if you don't want to talk to Goldsworthy on his art when you look at the movie, feel free to sound. That's like not reading the lyrics if you don't want to know pregnancy and instead translate your own words. I think the work of Andy Goldsworthy, which I had no idea before watching this film, is so amazing, and I'm glad that this film was made to show it. Indeed, since his work is generally not the type that can be sent to the studio, photography is unique to the film that can describe it, and I was so happy to be able to see the work in his art, and the way that things just from nature are used . If you are grateful for some things about how this film is presented, Goldsworthy's work is enough to look at it, because the film is not a star, Goldsworthy art is. And due to the lack of any music or even very small effects and the slow nature of the film, it seems to me that the director Thomas Riedelsheimer knows that.
