The zero day has a purpose and this is not just entertainment, it gives a message about the school's own specialized headings. Drawing the lives of two friends Andre and Cal leading to the attack of their secondary schools. When the film started in some form of merit, an amazing announcement of the attack came in the young man's style and followed by a short meeting with boys' families. Not long before business breakdowns and boys show us their collection of guns, their love for their fetishist, their fantasies to fight in the usual way and even in the controversial area how to build pipe bombs. <br /> <br /> Then the film is trying to say what? What motivates them soon to become murderers. It seems difficult to focus on the truth. They certainly did not think like a psychopaths of cold blood but they plan to act violently. This brings me to what I feel is a professional in the day of Zero. Cal and Andre are always talking about their level at a different level, how high we are and how they will leave us 'back.' If columbia killers feel better. Just as the Cal and Andre's value system appeared to Nietzsche seems to have been born without being rejected by their community. However, we are only given these things, as a hatred of a popular runner for example. So where is the motivation? What I feel is that Coccio showed two people who wish to report the quality of their sign of strength yet who do not have a good chance for it. So they turn to massacres and forms that will put them more cautious than they could recognize. That is why some of the school attackers seem to be able to do bad things despite coming from beautiful beautiful houses of love. Murder is part of fantasy, Cal and Andre have completely lost their fantasy they almost fail to see the truth of their actions. They turn fantasy into disaster. What is the second most amazing about this film is the development of character and Cal and Andre depend on each other. Andre is in all the films of the two leader, Cal agree with his character and clothing looks somewhat forced. Andre is inspiring, Andre is bright and magnificent. He strictly prevents people except for his family, he is knowledgeable and accurate about everything he does and for a long time the leader in the plot is attacking the school. However it is interesting in its own way, we do not agree to accept it and sometimes we feel compelled to agree with him, but this time it is reduced by a quick sign of our hostility towards the listeners who treat us as honest and vulnerable. Cal on the other side looks more relaxed with Andre, more accepting the truth. Yet he is in his own great way. We have a lot of time to give birth to a video of Cal, video when she alone and away from Andre. Cal seems to be struggling with his own demons and using their own isolation plan. Andre is jealous of Cal to go to prom with an old friend, he wants to Cal all his own. Cal placates Andre and encouraged him. For the first time in his life Andre seems to have seen someone who believes him and who wishes he cannot lose. When Cal has found someone to give him a way to exhaust. <br /> <br /> The movie really comes faster and improves when it approaches its bad conclusion. There is a good time when Cal attends high school promotion. Suddenly the movie star becomes embarrassed and incorporated, not all easily with their peers. However, we have felt more connected with Cal than by the crowd of racous people shouting at the children when they drink too much in their quiver. They are very common and recognized. We don't want to share them with them, when the last and Cal is back with Andre silently preparing one of their last videos we love the characters feel again easily in the world of fantasy created. We feel like restraining citizens like them. The last best view. The last video sees Andre and Cal drifting on their car shortly before attacking. It is absolutely true and creates a sense of impending punishment. By knowing we know Cal and Andre and they know that they are about to do that, and the kind of evil we are also making catharsis films. The killings made in the CCTV style sometimes accuse, and when it was indeed a perfect choice to show crime if we went to them is not an error. What is most important is the sudden change of the attitude of Cal and Andre, looking at this person suddenly the innocent killers whom we knew would refuse to recognize that they would like. It's violent and true, our heroes have become monsters and the reality of their fantasy is a terrible tragedy, which gives them everything. <br /> <br /> The last part shows a young teenager giving birth to burn crosses built for Andre and cal in the hatred that they have remembered. After knowing Andre and Cal we can only feel about the sadness that they have gone forever forever and that certainly did not defeat anything. Zero's day must be seen by anyone who is attracted to these acts of violence caused by the media. It is a characteristic attitude to see.
