As always, controversial movies like this have mixed views. You love it or hate it, and not everyone will like this film. This shows the attitude of the killers, which is something I personally see is an important factor to consider. You can hate them, you may want to understand them and feel like you can explain, but no matter what this film will make you think about school beatings from a different perspective. The movie is completely borrowed by using a hand-used camera, something that I think works well if it makes it more realistic. It is told entirely from the viewers of views, from their "missions" to the family, all who lead the great day "Zero Day" which they plan on murder in their school. Zero's day does not provide answers, but only provides views in the lives of two boys concerned and empowering viewers to decide themselves. Our feelings towards boys are a mixture of sympathy and hatred, but we are still confused as why two ordinary ordinary boys would do such a thing. They are shown normal, young boys who lead a normal life, and if we did not know what they are planning we will not expect anything (they make it clear in a whole movie that no one else knows about the Plan). focus on two actors not known. We can only hope to see more work from both in the future. Despite how this is a fiction film, one can not help but see the apparent identities with Columbine. Calvin and Andre are similar to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, (not so much in looks, but in a manner) As a person who has explored Columbine very much, I would see the similarities and actually are the foundation. True killings are shown through school surveillance cameras and are one of the best things I have ever seen. I was quite shocked after seeing it, and her feelings that sat around for a while. It is very realistic and well done, and it is very difficult to watch. Every day Zero is the best movie, and I think everyone should at least see. In the past, we have always been the killers "psychopaths" and we thought that they would be wired for disaster or have the influence of the media, but if the Day of Zero shows sometimes the intention is more than that, and we can't understand why such a disaster as if the school hit it until we have seen it from the perspective of the killers.
