I planned a Zero Day from a local video shop last week. I had never heard of the film and I had my discontent on it. From just checking the box I knew the film was an Indie film and so the quality would be under the ordinary film. I can tell you that after I finished watching the day of Zero I immediately started from the beginning again. The film was a clear description of what happened at Columbine High School in April 1999, but what was hitting me was how the two leading actors were honest. My first time to watch this film was not quite as sure as I was looking at the actual tape left by Columbine. Behind my mind I knew what I was looking at could not be true but at the same time acting was to persuade you to give your head a shake. <br /> <br /> What! The film is confused? Absolutely! Will you see things that will make you question the film features? Probably. I think what most people will have trouble will have a feeling for two leading actors, Calvin and Andre (Played with Cal Robertson and Andre Keuck). Why is this problem for other people? Calvin and Andre are planning a murder in their secondary school. I know myself, I felt great sad for Andre and Calvin. I had compassion for them because their life came to that terrible moment. They had fallen deeply through the cracks that had begun to travel down the road that would have stopped, if only the people around them had seen their pain. Zero Day is a film of innovation. It gives you closer to personal looking for events that most of us will only find in the news. It stops thinking about the life involved. And it leaves you wonder how people reach this point. Week after seeing this film, I still think about it. Those who have not seen the Day of Zero please continue to remember the following: Film is free and a little budget and film is shot on camcorders. Components in the film are disturbing. This is not a typical Hollywood and no end of fun. But if you put all of this away, Zero is a film that will catch you and maybe it will help you open your eyes a little.
