"Kolchak: Night Stalker" is a good series of television that pushy, sarcastic, the forty-something writer is frequently mentioned in the fight against death and natural power (and from time to time). According to the popular TV series with Kolchak, this series died rapidly in the mid-1970s due to low levels, but still has a strong religion after today. But the modern-day viewer will be able to dig Kolchak with his weekly fighting and undead? <br /> <br /> That's really a hard question to answer for the right. Observers of this series say they are formulaic and hopelessly dated. On the other hand, fans say that it is written in wisdom, tissue, and sometimes actually loses. And I? I have a foot in two camps. I was so happy to see all the events of Kolchak on the DVD recently, although I can clearly see that the series has serious errors. I will answer the question of Kolchak to be a "form" of the first lie. Now, I think we can agree that many TV shows have a form - almost every part of Columbo opens according to the same pattern, for example. Repeat is not necessarily a bad thing; In fact, critics have long found that the audience enjoys many times, and is actively searching, recreational entertainment. However, the difficulty with Kolchak is that its form is only the only TOO - it's repeating even more with the most generous rates. <br /> <br /> In almost every section, Kolchak investigates the murder, and it shows that it was locked for some kind of monster. She is trying to publish stories about the monster said, but her editor Vincenzo stops her, always because Kolchak does not have enough evidence to support her claim that ordinary powers work. And, alas, Kolchak is also closed by the police. So, finally, Kolchak conducts independent research on the monster, noting how to kill ... and then kill. Without celebration, or payment, or write a great story about it. <br /> <br /> You can see where this ever-severe formula can get tiresome, right? I was especially helped by Vincenzo - if Kolchak is always busy about creation, and Vincenzo does not believe at all ... then, why, why Vincenzo fire Kolchak, or has he done? That's what any boss can do. But the series shows the same effectiveness and you prefer to keep Vincenzo and Kolchak as opposing opponents. As a result, many collective displays are well known - although they are also interesting. The best features of Kolchak can vote on the limitations of this form, however, usually because they have some kind of unexpected escape. These choosing events are very good that I think they are largely protective against the usual resistance to the series. Some of my likes include: <br /> <br /> Fear in Top Things - a so-called period for being grimy, innovation and social. Kolchak talks have a common and common edge. Although it adjusts to the formula of Kolchak, the script (written by a former senior Jimmy Sangster) reader learns to read and write, and describes in detail the backstory of the monster. The devil's platform - the possibility of the "Omen" film, this part seems to me because the villain - very young Tom Skerritt - tries Kolchak and the devil's full deal of goodies (and, therefore, shows A lot about the character of the author.) It is the most beautiful part of the fans, but I liked it because it has a red and celebrated red monster, which cannot be seen. Though I 'have chosen these three events for praise, I would say that many stories are very entertaining. With my money, there are only two perfect sticks in the 20-session session: Primal Scream, which is about monkey men running in Chicago, and Sentry, which has very little shapes in the history of the recreational entertainment (and this assessment comes from a daily doctor who is a godzilla fan! Equally, then, this is a good series. Repeat a little, probably a little trying, but it has great things. McGavin's extraordinary performance like Kolusk, caustic, world-tired, without permanently shining. He carries a series without power, through which, for example, Sarah Michelle Gellar has never managed to "Buffy." This series is important to watch him alone.
