A few years ago I had purchased (and enjoyed) a two-part MGM video of two films Kolchak TV, NIGHT STALKER (1971) and NIGHT STRANGLER (1972). When the Universal series of the next television series, I was willing to sell immediately - but the rumors of playing with DVD-18 screens prevented it from adding to my collection; recently, I have set a network command which had a chance to be reduced to Universal Box Sets and decided to take KOLCHAK 3-Discer as well. After looking at it now, I can safely say that I feel getting this favorite series (if it is a short time) crime / fear a little bit: it can follow the official formula - a good news reporter Carl Kolchak, played by wonderfully by Darren McGavin, he enters everyone's hair and his perspective (flutered editor Simon Oakland, fellow tolerants, authoritarian boundaries, small organisms and criminals), faced with the threat of an inevitable (usually normal ) alone, but ultimately, they have to keep his stories under vraps - but one win (more has grown to an interesting line of visitors' stars and background features), and make the show a great pleasure. That said, quality differs from one place to another and the usual budget has given results in speci effects and effects that sometimes leave a lot of want (for example, waswolf in login and goofy alligator creation). in the very last phase) - not to mention the fact that these were reduced to 50-minute plans with the purpose of family use for boot rather than preventing simple and beautiful delivery of its often exciting psychological and metaphysical themes (in the case of waswolf, again, he never saw hurt someone but, to some extent foolishness, it's just to throw people around! When the hero's description of the arrogant has a lot to pull one in the fanciful squares, there is a comedy level of the comedy aid involved in each part (many times, but not just, around McGavin's relationship with Oakland or a journalist Jack Grinnage - say something of good condition (environment, for the most part, is Chicago) and stopped. To make the trip even more interesting, there is a bouncy mark with Gil Melle 'and Jerry Fielding. <br /> <br /> For the record, the organisms gathered (but not every failure) and Kolchak in this series are: Raised Jack Ripper, various forms of worship (voodoo, Native American, Aztec), visitors, vampire, waswolf (around its most advanced concept to have this special part laid on the cruise tape!), Doppelganger, Satan, swamp creature, bulk of lightning, robot, apeman, wizard, motorcyclist, vicubus, weapon of knight to take the life of killing itself (part and probably to help cast - with John Dehner as a police officer of polose, Hans Conried and Robert Emhardt), Helen Of Troy (!) and crocodiles. Some actors (except those working at Kolchak) are back in the same roles - Keenan Wynn and Ramon Bieri (both as law enforcement officers), John Fiedler (as a prestigious care worker) and Richard Kiel as two separate pregnant women. If I was selected to choose the best pieces (or many of the entertainment), I'd like to rely on HORROR IN THE HEIGHTS (partnership with Phil Silvers and Abraham Sofaer) and those mentioned above for KUNIGHTLY MURDERS - when, as weak, I Denda for WEREWOLF (for because of the reasons that I have described) and CHOPPER (according to the story done by Robert Zemeckis and Bob Gale!)! Unfortunately, it has never been enough: it would be good to see an article that deals with many concepts related to KOLCHAK: STALKER NIGHT , as well as consistently put in place where the TV was a time to call its natural phone, or even implies the permanent influence it had on the last bunch of sci-fi today. Indeed, Kolchak himself - in a little shade and very interesting - returned to the revival of 2005; This version is available on my port of DVD rental ... but, for various reasons, I don't know I would soon look after the classic 1974-5!
