There are two different ways of enjoying this written memory, the seminal TV festival ("godfather" of X-Files and Buffy, etc.); as the show of the monster (it was a horror to me when I was a child!), or as well-written / acted gumshoe / film-black. It applies to both levels. The truth may have been extended for many years (done in the mid-70s), but I was surprised to enjoy the show (through DVD) that I am enjoying now more for the last reasons. Darren McGavin late is Karl Kolchak, a man, bold, informed-farmer-hunter who, following the story, always finds an unusual angle; much to the pain of the club Kolchak, has put on the boss Tony Vincenzo (played by the world's greatest brave and late, Simon Oakland, you can feel the pain of his budding sores!). The combination between these characters is bright and bold (such as Spock STAR and McCoy, just more acidic!). Over the course of two films of a television series and a series of one season, Kolchack fought with vampires, robots, waswolves, witches, zombies, government conspiracy, aliens, and ancient stories (it looks like running 9 X-Files! one season!). And Kolchak made first! And for Gil Melle's pregnancy, the head of the party's head-head ... together, the X-Files Creator Chris Carter mentions the head of the head of X Snow (very similar) the X-Files 'honor.' Both themes perform well; leave at that time. And unlike modern modern / sci-fi presentations, most of the KOLCHAK monsters are shown in the shade, and with rapid cuts (efficiently, and sometimes thanks, as some of them do not accept the modern inquiry, but some are still doing) . Modern fears show a note: Below is more! One of the few mistakes of the show (and it is small) is the most use of the sun, California locales to pass to the windy Chicago city. GALLERY OF NIGHT had the same issue; it is impossible for a low-budget show, a LA show. And some supportive characters seem to fall into what (now) looks like a clichés (journalist, Ron Updike, always used for comic, sweet aid, old woman) years / advice consultant Emily). But, they all have time to shine (many of those supporting TV characters since, cliché or not!). KOLCHAK is a non-timely show, which serves as a template for many following. And Carl Kolchak is one of the richest characters who have ever been shown to the awesome TV show (Mulder's REAL agent). And as the details below, I tried to watch a few new events, "think again" of the show. It is a X-Files device (copy copy?). And the worst one, therefore. Carl Kolchak is now a fashionable-beautiful, angsty 30-object (played dismant with Stuart Townsend boring). And giving her a kind of Scully partner is also the idea of ​​lost; weaken Kolchak as alone, crusader Don Quixote! And Kolchak and Vincenzo get? Where is the tension? Collaborate? That they chose to be named KOLCHAK in this regurgitated o 'crap is a great example of how you should not make a remake: Take a series of your favorite rituals, delete anything unique about it, run with all the character and colors (but continue the name! permission of worship!), and here! Re-hash of acute! Finding 'F' in 'Re-Imaginings 101'! This new version saved copper! Put in a short time, but natural nature. In fact it gets better with age.
