When it was first tested in the United States in 1972, 'The Night Stalker' was rated more by T.V. movies in history. According to the unpredictable novel of Jeff Rice, it told how the author of a fearless investigation named Carl Kolchak (late Darren McGavin) discovered the existence of a modern vampire in Las Vegas. When it came to British TV four years later, it had no similar effect, but my friends were talking about school on Monday morning, in fact I was I. We all agreed that it was one of the most exciting things we had ever seen. I didn't know about the 'Night Visitor' until it was nearly ten years later. I.T.V., who watched the movies of 'Kolchak', was found to adopt a series of spin-off; felt 'Barnaby Jones' and star Buddy Ebsen have more than a column, and yet, viewers can combine 'Kolchak' and 'Kojak'! For years my only source of information about the show was an article in Fangoria newspaper. I couldn't even buy Jeff Rice novels. Then something wonderful happened. In 1990, B.B.C.-2 showed the show as part of a Friday night-evening series released by anonymous 'Mystery Train', organized by Richard O'Brian. 'Kolchak' found himself hitting the shoulders of the 'Bulls' and 'World Vs. The Spider'. The opening names were created, deleting the film Kolchak, and the features of the closure ... well, had nothing. <br /> <br /> The first part displayed was 'Werewolf'. I can't say I was so surprised, but I'm stuck, and I'm glad I did! I would like to see it in 1974. My twelve-year-old man would have loved it. Surprisingly, exciting, exciting, it is not surprising that it canceled the thought of Chris Carter. <br /> <br /> The biggest asset show was, of course, McGavin. Unlike the recent Kolchak, nature was the figure of everyone, who was wearing clothes, rather than conservative. It was common that 'Columbo' was a crime. Simon Oakland's end was as good as Kolchak's bad boss Tony Vincenzo. The Scriptures increased by mysterious magic, dry. I found myself enjoying more apps for the content of humor than fear. When twenty events ended, I felt hungry. X-Files came a few years later and filled empty - but only to the extent. I wanted Kolchak and Vincenzo back. I am glad that the show has never been revived though. Without Oakland it wouldn't be the same. <br /> <br /> I have Rice books and I have read it several times. I was surprised when Stephen King proposed first (in his book 'Danse Macabre') as much as anything he wrote. <br /> <br /> Certainly, so some monsters did not have a state of art, but so what? 'New Kolchak' has died quite a preliminary step. What you don't see is sometimes more frightening than what you are doing ...
