I loved KOLCHAK: STARKER OF NIGHT since I saw the night before on September 13, 1974. I liked the hills that seemed to be horrible during the winter music by Gil Melle (hey, where are the people of sound?) And often thought about what does this work show me completely and finally concluded that the reason it holds when many others are not so simple, the most important feature that almost no other awesome show seems to be that is the main character in which many people can relate to the daily rate. When Darren McGavin's Carl Kolchak begins to discover an unusual situation, he does as many people would like. He sees them as normal and as he approaches danger, he is scared, even if he knows he must continue trying to win every danger that appears in the period. It is rare that he is brave enough to stand against the power of supernatural power. It usually puts a trap and hides or wait on wings to see if it works. Sometimes, it seems surprised that he was able to conquer the enemy like us. In one place, he goes to search for a monster in the sewage but when he sees first, he runs to get out of there but wrapped up in reluctance, he must return and protect himself. He is a hero because he is willing to do many things that we might not do but that doesn't mean he probably isn't rather someone else did it instead. He is an ordinary man, working, trying to make a goat, not a monster hunter. It is only available in matters related to common, which has interests but does not want to hurt or be killed again than any of us do. If his design failed to work, you will often see him running for his life to get away with it, which is true that I could do in that situation. That is why I often looked at the top of the exhibition through my fingers as a child. Kolkak was interesting and deserved if something bad happened to him. You were afraid of him and with other characters too. The producers and writers clearly knew that anyone could create a monster suit, awesome music and turn around but not all if you care about the characters. Darren McGavin said that the reason for the show only lasted the season is because it was tired to do a "monster week" to show and decided to continue. I can tell you how I mourned when this show was deleted when I was a child but, as an adult, I can see why it can't continue on that form for too long. I still like 20 scenarios and two movies that beat McGavin as a pipe, determined by the bright but a good INS writer, known as Carl Kolchak. I am sure anyone who performs movies or movies will have a real understanding of why I liked the show. They are not creatures, dark sets, interesting music or visitors of visitors, although they are all important ingredients. The secret of his success is the same as in the head - "Kolchak: The Night Stalker". Without McGavin's love, throwing Carl Kolchak to be root and taking care of it, then it's not just a stalker.
