It's hard to watch this film without thinking ahead to show television will be, especially if, like me, it happens as a TV show more. But there is much to say to the source. Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau) is a New York City top journalist who lives in the room of the eight-room apartment, a divorce and his own unlawful victim. Enter his friend Felix Ungar (Jack Lemmon), who needs a chance to live after his wife cast him out of his neatnik's insanity. The result is the collapse of the train and one of the most popular films of the play of Neil Simon's action. <br /> <br /> First thing: I love the apartment! Table of Poker, dart's authenticity, picture of football players, beer cups, even a pair of Roman columns. It is a place where men can be boys. Simon and director Gene Saks are doing a great job of unlocking a single set, the Oscar bedroom, by moving into the interior of the kitchen and kitchen and giving a lot of tension between Oscar and Felix corners to break them. The Neal Hefti logo was heard on a television show, but it has never been merged as it is here, in different different settings that makes the action of the screen increases any time you play. The real work of the area and shots on the night of Manhattan gives the film the most common film of the film being beaten there and when ("Buddwing," "World of Henry Orient," "Midnight Cowboy," "Manchurian Assistant," "Rosemary's Child, "etc.) Is Lemmon and Matthau very heavy in comparison with Tony Randall and Jack Klugman? In order to be fair, the movie means to be the most important thing, to deal with the abnormalities of the middle-life divorce and frustration for the inability to work the relationship. Simon has more in mind than entering Felix and Oscar in the game "Password" or war wits with Howard Cosell. But I don't know ... <br /> <br /> All Lemmon and Matthau were bad comedians I enjoy especially in the middle of this film as I often do in their different movies, but I never understand why they were seen as a great team of comedy . Here, in their best-seen cooperation, they seem to be working in two different films; Lemmon at a drama festival with Matthau in farce. Matthau is good at first, he loves us with his teddy bear behaving around the poker table, but close to the end of the film he takes as fast as Jack Torrance in "Shining," responding Felix cleaning his house and serving a tasty meal for his friends for The way that is completely complicated in the delicate balance of blame. When the end breaks me, the most part that looks more traditional, at the beginning, works well as I see it. Looking at Felix moving around to try yourself is not very interesting, no, but it's a good way to get into a good comedy, to put us real true pain before bringing warmth and laughter. (Plus has some shots of seedier part of the city.) In the middle of the movie, this area would have been miscalculation, but it works as a way to introduce Felix penalty and a sharp feeling of coming soon when we see Oscar and his friend's poker bicker and feud. That's where Simon's lines are too big. They are the core strength of the film. It gets real and real banner, and still makes it funny. "I don't know you talk, Felix. You have things to say. What's troubling me I'm starting to listen." The television version has shown how badly think the movie is better, in fact the TV show immediately made sure about "taking" anything, but the movie makes a solid foundation and fun in its own right.
