The original movie, The Odd Couple, has some good liners of comic. The whole world seems to know the story of neurotic neat-freak Felix Ungar and funny, obnoxious, slob Oscar Madison. These mixed-up traders created one of the most successful television series at all times with large numbers, not anywhere near good, divisions. <br /> <br /> The odd movie of a couple has an amazing joke about the Oscar floor and odds. He says, "Who wants food?" One of his partner's poker players asks, "What do you have?" Oscar says, "I have found black sandwiches and green sandwiches." "Is it a color-colored pigment-colored pigment color? Is that a new cheese or old meat!" I also like a line about the Oscar refrigerator, " It has been out of two weeks, I have seen the milk standing in which it was not even on the bottle! "No question Oscar Madison's Walter Matthau is happy to look at the screen. It is very close as the Jack Klugman version in TV series. The problem with the movie is Jack Lemmon's Felix Ungar Jack is doing so much, the effort is that he makes Felix SO suppress and downhill that he becomes more angry than comical.To Tony Tony in a series, bringing a kind of humor, warmth, and attentiveness, the character of Felix, which shows that Lemmon is not recommended. Tony Felix's minister may be angry at some point. However, in the television series, it is related to a particular situation where desperation was needed in story story. Jack's Felix Ungar, (see different spelling) in the movie, seems to never be happy, happy, or intermediate. Felix Ungar is your partner who leads you on the wall, all the time. <br /> <br /> Movie still has a good time that is experiencing a test of time, the "popular" war of the meat is one of the ever scenes! One of the biggest examples of Felix's “little details” on the Oscar River will be remembered forever. However, there are dark sides where Oscar passes up, "right" to him near the end after playing Felix, and the area of ​​Linguine's Felix's food, (although the most understood by the wonderful line) seems to be more heavier than the model. br /> <br /> Maybe there was not enough time to see the lighter parts of these characters who had a series that was not remembered in the film. The beginning of 20 minutes is very boring. This has happened with Felix and Sister's Pidgeon talks. The end of the film is predictable and also pat. There is little service or compassion for each of them and another. As a result, the black part of the film leads to depression and anger, rather than pleasing, unless you look at the great scenes described above. It seems that monotone of Jack Lemmon's Felix brings the film, rather than reinforcing or focusing the comedy between characters. It has taken a series of 1970 television to make the Odd Couple the best that can be. The original film is still very good. However, the TV series is much better.
