There is more to offer in the opening of The Odd Couple than in the fullness of many films. Felix Unger (monogram is even poor to curse) checks in a New York hotel. The cleaning woman says "Good night." "Well," he replies. In her room she gives her bags, then she tries to turn off her wedding ring just to put the good things into the envelope, spoken by her wife and beloved children. When the viewer finally puts it together? ah, he go off himself? we watch him fight to open the window? oh no, he is going to fly? The poor boy hurts behind him. This is all you need to know about Felix Unger? his wife has left him, he is clean clean and he is hypochondriac. And all in one place. Is this a particular comedy of Neil Simon? it's on condition and character. Are there a few of the physical jokes? no kicks for groin, no cheap gags ?? The only strange characters in uncomfortable situations. And, of course, he is the master of the expectation of the audience. Coming from the time of Swingers, consider what I thought about the date of the day when Felix began to mourn over the cessation of his marriage and his colleague's wife Oscar has worked hard to get into his house. He blows it, right? Think again. Girls love their understanding, their right ability before them. They invite him back to their place since the meat of his meat has been burned because Oscar did not have enough attention. He's like Flynn, right? Indeed, yes, but they don't want to go with girls because she feels that she is in danger. Great things. And it is made more of the style that reduces editing and enhances the chances of an eight-storey apartment. You have Jack Jack and slouchy, pouchy Walter Matthau for Chrissakes, why destroy? Visual style reminded the mouth of Tiffany's mouth, with such a huge effect being made from the depths of the field and the cooperation between the various practical birds. Especially memorable is the area where Felix, fleeing Oscar, has just closed the barrier to realize the partition that does not take place where Oscar comes out. You get a real sense of the layout of the apartment, and so the proximity to which two couples live. Moving here is that these two are really married? for each other. So the observation of marriage life that can be overlooked in a romantic comedy is usually made more poignant because it is two boys.
