I don't think I really gave Walter Matthau his reason as a comedic actress. In fact he has been extraordinary in the many roles of heart, but I think I always keep his success under his characters' grumpiness and brutality, different differences and stability the personality of the star co-star Jack Lemmon, and, I think, natural extension work its original in the big picture. Watching Gene Saks' 'The Couple Odd (1968),' was adapted to the popular play Neil Simon, a sudden understanding has closed: Matters are, to its right, completely hilarious! Initially attracting the audience as dirty, unusual and unusual, Oscar's Madison finally can have a bug in its heart, and reach with a deep confession of feelings that Matthau gives in a voice not his own. At the same time, while having a player, playing with the Lemmon is, of course, pitch-full; indeed, the film is for both actors, who have never been able to unlock the screen for themselves, let alone. The call to remember on the Billy Wilder's 'The Apartment (1960) screen,' this Neil Simon comedy creates itself around the legal barrier. Felix Unger (Lemmon) assisted by the house, after being expelled by her twelve-year-old wife, is struggling to commit suicide, but without stopping the idea after losing her back trying to open a hotel window. Injured, he comes to the home of a good friend Oscar (Matthau), a deserted slope who lives alone on a crisps of potato food and green sandwiches (which may have a new cheese or an old meat). Oscar for mercy gives Felix a chance to stay, but recently has been troubled by his friend's friendship and continue to insist on perfect purity. Employees form an unusual form of marriage, and Felix is ​​responsible for a strong and enduring wife, and Oscar as a ungrateful husband, who does not appreciate who always comes home later than is required. This is a marriage that takes three weeks, and, at the end of it, we can listen to Felix's wife, who is still invisible. The Odd Couple is a strong comedy, most of all because it has a lot of heart. For all their arguments, it is obvious that two colleagues have a great love for each other, most of them seeing when Felix tries to launch on the fury of wrath, instead? maybe not knowing? finished to inform Oscar how to "move" him. The two colleagues of the poker (John Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner and Larry Haines) are also actively engaging in confidentiality, but you can't deny that they have the best goals. Their decision to treat Felix as if nothing happened to him could have a good theory, but perhaps neglect was not the correct solution to Felix's sense of lack of deficiency and deficiency. Unlike other games based on popular action games (recently I was disappointed with the Wilder 'The Seven Year Itch (1955)}, this film does not only strike in one, and the relationship between the two directions is rapidly developed, through tears, laughter and very uneven.
