In the 1930s the studio could use a short film like this as a reason for testing for new practitioners, due to the ease of production in comparison with the full feature films, so it's amazing that this should be a Shirley Temple star, who was has established a long time as a star of the most popular children of all time. Then again, maybe not being tested, I would like to think that it would be Frank Coghlan Jr., who played the brother of Shirley's sonny in the film and gave the most incredible performance. Then again, Shirley's 9-year-old Temple was not an easy act to accompany. The movie opens with an impressive gag that is considered to have a Shirley Temple to look at the opposite view of the ceiling, showing the working conditions of the family in the movie, and giving a fresh transition to the next area, which includes Shirley dive for rain. Sonny 'y is born, and his father makes a constant and frightening effort to hide the fact that he wants to give him a dog Sonny who is really looking for him, but Sonny is afraid of dog because he was snatched once and has been beaten once since. Surprisingly, when her father insists on getting a dog, Sonny decides to run away from home rather than having a dog inside the house, and going without going ahead, she also knows that the film shows what seems to be a concern for homeless people who pass by incredible absence now. Sonny passes a man baking on a skillet on the side of the train (after the train run which, due to how close to the songs that he had, you would think it would have hit the guy right away from the songs, but it doesn't matter). After Sonny gives up sharing breakfast from a ski player that his blue smile receives from a boy, he keeps a homeless person disappears from the film. It is interesting to think what a long film would have made, because this leaves the poor guy as an improper end. It is not that, Sonny recently heard the dog shouting down the street while passing through, and jumping down to get a dog covered in burrs. It may seem that he takes the dog immediately and uses it since he came home because of the fear of the dog, but I saw that he did not just need to be reminded not of his power over dogs, but for powerlessness over him. As soon as he saw the dog needing to overcome his fears. Hey, if it all takes, we must make a spider and spell! It is a very convenient movie that everything works accordingly and required, but it is enough and pleasant enough (and short enough, as it was) to be still an enjoyable movie. We do not expect the epic plot in 19 minutes, but My Pardon Pups is still a packet for much of development and behavior in its short term. And it also has a place to fight at the end of the movie which must have made Charlie Chaplin proud. I am not an artist of the Shirley Temple, but it's not hard to see how she was the most popular star of all time.
