SPOILERS <br /> <br /> In the words of Jean-Paul Sartre, "Hell is others". In "Non-Woman", Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau show how this can be correct. Like Felix Ungar and Oscar Madison, Lemmon and Matthau give two good friends who decide to live together. If the two start slowly growing more and more confused, laughter comes thick and fast, before Felix leaves, leaving Oscar to be more personal and cleaner. Jack Lemmon as Ungar is as good as neurotic, clearing marital infidelity and coping with life as one person. Walter Matthau contradicts the character of Lemmon is similar to the author of slobbish games who just wants to play poker to earn money for the benefit of his child. Lemmon and Matthau are great in their chosen areas, for some standard dependency on the beautiful script by Neil Simon, and at the same time because they work well as a team. As two friends who are quite different from the ways of life, although they are similar to the relationship with their former wives and children, these two, at the end of it, the main actors form a partnership that is impossible to restore. It is really so great, that the world screamed for something like that, that two years before the death of Matthau and three before Lemmon, the characters were reunited again in the bottom. This idea, when following Hollywood's destruction of anger and sequels, may work at a certain level, but at the same time, it will never come close to the understanding of this original film. <br /> <br /> Finally it's not really possible to say anything else. With a wonderful script of Simon, full of humor and laughter, the creators of this film were already on the hit. The release of Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau as Felix Ungar and Oscar Madison however, are the most important part of this film. "Unusual marriage", with the traditional voice (which also received tax in the "Simpsons"), is the best script and intelligent leading men, is a tribute to movies and a history of history to remember.
