I have received this film from a cousin in Norway and I had to translate it from the Norwegian to American formats and a copied video. Comparing this film (1948) with the Heroes of Telemark (1965), Kampen om Tungtvannet (The Water Effectiveness) drives out the saboteries themselves, playing their roles, although executives were also beaten to perform the tasks of saboteurs who were given their lives in the Norwegian fighting for of freedom in future campaigns. This program is in four languages: Norwegian with French, German and English (complete with subtitles in Norway). French scientists wanted to get two kilograms of heavy water from Norsk Hydro in Vemork to return to France to make a laboratory laboratory for its efficiency. Meanwhile, Nazi, too, were willing to get heavy water to build a secret weapon. The French were worried that the Nazis could take the first step by invading Norway, and by secret code, their man carefully dismissed the Nazi spies during his journey to Oslo where he received heavy water and made it unprotected. He was watched by two spies when he climbed the plane, but they did not see him walking on the other side where he crossed next to another plane where his luggage was waiting for him. This clever trick worked through the plane as a destructive attack by Nazi Minister in Hamburg. However, the invasion of Norway on the morning of April 9, 1940, the Nazi Minister took Norsk Hydro and was under the Norwegian underground intelligence and Britain in London to take action. Professor Leif Trondstad volunteered the services of fourteen youth in Norway; "Swallow" and "Gunnerside" who could destroy heavy water crops in Vemork. This was shown in detail on how they worked, including the sea-sinking after the Nazis to stop Norsk Hydro to take heavy shipping to the railway cars to Berlin. <br /> <br /> The quality of the film was good though there were many splices in the film. I strongly recommend this film to anyone who wants history of World War II.
