"In April 1946, the University of Chicago agreed to work at the National Argonne Laboratory, as well as the Midwestern Universities Association to offer research sponsors. Argonne therefore became the first national" national "laboratory. , it moved far west from "Windy City" on a new site on Illinois farms. When Alvin Weinberg visited Argonne's director, Walter Zinn, in 1947, asked what kind of record was built on the new site. The most powerful in one of the ten power of the power test equipment in Oak Ridge, Weinberg shouted it would be as easy as Zinn took on the Oak Ridge structure and performed the Reactor Testing Tool on Eleven power. It seemed to be an unapproved prophecy. "It is a S-50 tree used a convection to separate isotopes for thousands of long columns. It was built next to a powerful K-25 plant, which provided essential steam. The lowest level of K-25, the S-50 plant was broken after the war. They were afraid that the research program of the Atomic Energy Commission could also be academic, Lilienthal established a committee of industrial consultants, and during November's visit to Oak Ridge, discussed with Clark Center, manager Carbide & Carbon, Carbide Union coalition company in Oak Ridge, the company that approves the management of the Laboratory. Henry (Prussia) Arriving in Washington and visiting the German Embassy (1902). In fact, with Prince Henry of Prussia according to the principles of science and its risks were already concerned with the use of new science and military applications. Hohenzollern (1902 / II), "Kacht Wilhelm's good yacht at 34 St Pier, New York. It was taken at the exact time of the arrival of Prince Henry, and raising the royal level." If the King is aware of these important precautions for the welfare of the citizens then what is the importance of war WWI and WWII. Quality control management I thought? So, does the Order of the Swallow Operation commitment to the military purpose, or the business plan, according to the safety rules of the Laboratory Management? Because they thought they were not victims, and those who were caught in Europe ordered the killing. Among the 400 of the militant militant militant group was killed by the German Army command against the rebellion, and the actions of the German State. <br /> <br /> Führer No. 003830/42 g. Kdos. OKW / WFSt, HQ's Führer, 18 October 1942, (signed) Adolph Hitler; Translation of no documentation. 498-PS, the US General Counseling Officer, confirming the true copy of Kipp Major, registered DOD 5200.30 March 23, 1983, released in US Archives National. ® ® ® ® Whit Whit Whit Whit Whit Whit Whit Whit Whit Whit
