One day someone will write an essay compared to the "Wolfman Search" of Paul Naschy for the great Spanish surrealist, "L'âge D'or" and "Un Chien Andelou". Naschy film is the center of commitment from beginning to end. Dali and Bunuel probably liked it, and they cried out to see someone doing it as easily as they had to lose their mind. The film does not form a partnership even though it has no plot which takes from A to B to C. Some mishmash about "Professor Walterman" - its first name, the intention of you - beaten by the Yeti monster when The trip to Tibet and has never been the same, which is understandable. One of his jealous companions, the daughter of Doctor Wolfstein's well-known, knows about his condition and shows that his wife has been cheating him. But its introduction to a scientific experimental attempt to remove its internal animal. "Walterman" leaves out, turns into animal animals, kills a few people, has electricity, dies, bound, can't be closed, taken with a full-loaded freak cage, wired with various machines, zapped with effects The electronics, inserted by powerful elixirs, are chained up, turns into a waswolf, a woman in the evening gown and a string-high Nazi fetish boats seize him, he runs, helps a good female doctor find his way out of the castle, eliminates frek circus and the war of the war, finally turns into waswolf, and has to fight the death against the female body of his wife's cheating wife. A woman with Nazi boots pulls money from her Luger pistol, they die together, and a good doctor goes in the morning with a journalist, who has nothing. "Look! It's a very good day!" It is written by Paul Naschy in a hurry. Former director Enrique Eguilez was expelled and replaced by José María Zabalza, a drunkard who had been drinking alcohol in production. He was often unable to work (although he had time to teach his 14-year-old nephew to make changes in the script) and Naschy ended up leading the amount of films that were not accepted. Zabalza made an extensive collection of photographs from one of the original Naschy movies, "Mark of the Wolfman". The exhibition was very good enough to use twice even if the dress was different, and helped to lose time to run after Zabalza refused to leave the bed to finish the movie. Post delivery was an irrelevant thing. Nobody knows who did the editing, the money lost, the papers were lost for a while, and then in the pre-release of an executive film came to get Zabalza coming into the shell in front of the theater. He was very drunk to find a bedroom but at least did it to deal. Yet a certain film works, if you allow. It opens within these innovative records we have on the palaces, rogue robbers, chains, hurricanes, bad moors. Such merchants will be able to think even if the whole story is not very meaningful because of the loss of implementation. In one area its rain shed and wolves wail in electricity; in the second he struck his sand bone and mourned for a month. Then its rain also. And still look like gaffe. It is like a dream that emerges where differences are possible, opposing is the same, and the result causes a reason; First wolf takes the cable and power, and then the cable begins to stir and electricity. People say that its low budget affects the overall effectiveness - I say the film was not known as it would have a dime more to use. It is wonderful to do nothing out of nothing, and it is not because of what it could, but because of what it does. It is easy to laugh at such things and even easier to remove them. The trick is to be able to see through the violence, or rather to look at the chaos as part of the impact. Paul Naschy died last week at 75 years of age. He had a pancreatic cancer for a year or more, he was working on film projects until his last days, but died in Madrid, Spain, with his family when he receives religious treatment. His rich work, different, and surprisingly is a legacy for a man to carry out his artistic vision in the face of the most common disinterest. And yet we all have a eleven-year-old child who will look at his movies as "Fury of Wolfman" with great fear. Even people who do not like the Euro Horror will discover something in this film surprised, if only for a minute in two ads. You can get to the storage in the Registry Store. Normally or even buy on DVD to nickel. It is very important, more more. Interestingly, Naschy was very nervous to learn that many others like me watch this distorted, epidemic, narrative of the classic, if not the Cinema Dementia. The problems he encountered during the production and confusion of the film left later are also the artistic desire of Naschy to forgive. I can never dare to forgive for it, but I will say: I would like to look at the "Fury of Wolfman" in its dingiest, most newspapers and the most devastating public domain than at any time stay though increasing, desperation eliminates out of the stars of the swine flu or any weekend. <br /> <br /> The world lost a great artist this month. Watch his films, and remember. <br /> <br /> 9/10
