It seems a bit to be a few to call the film about war and horrible fears because most of us will know only the fear of which war and violence brings. By using the adjective 'awesome' I am not interested in imposing that I am surprised about the things mentioned on this film or that I was formerly unaware of them, it's just that I am very impressed with the way that this film shows how awesome and unconscious is killing, or for or without 'cause'. <br /> <br /> The first part of the film focuses on Hanna's success in the opposition of the Hungarian. Maruschka women could not win Oscar for this performance, because of the opposite lead, but still his work very stable and has a great charisma. He is thrown down like Hanna and immediately has mercy on us. His excellent attitude helps, of course, but you have nothing to do with being a good actor, playing a good role. Some variations continue to occur in Hanna's war. Sometimes I find the director Menahem Golan (often despised by The Gianni Versace Murder) was in a rush and should actually allow more few takes every area. On the other hand, I am very grateful for this amazing and highly stimulating film and if I am very positive about it, I think it did a good job. The second half of the film is one of the most interesting and sad. It focuses on the suffering of Hanna (beware of the Donald Pleasence's horrible description of the brutal and sardonic captain) and it shows a lot of injustice and fear that comes with hatred and violence and war. I receive the Hanna War, especially the second half, as a powerful anti-war film and therefore only Golan is eligible for credit. It is also the second half that Maruschka Detmer's talent comes out, and creates an incoming character in the history of the film as one of the most powerful, powerful and awesome conversations displayed. It is also nice to see Ellen Burstyn, whose appearance and style tend to remember me by Romy Schneider, who-if she was alive and cast-could give a similar contribution to Hanna's war. The worst side effects of the second half and strong tensions that are sometimes altered by the prospects of hope and good news cause the last events that show what is unexpected, so moving and poetic in their catastrophe that hit me like a bomb. with tears. And when I realize once again it was not even a lie, all that happened, I found myself in tears more. Hanna's example was shown by Maruschka Observers will be in my mind forever.
