This film takes a lot of votes, but usually depends on an awesome and covered version of the American television film and is also offered to death by VHS and DVD buyers like Alpha, Unicorn, etc.. The movie has never been released in the country, although it was taken by the Avco Embassy in 1973. In Spain at the time, when it was involved in fraud, filmmakers beat two versions, one with clothes and one and out. An English outlet that was not fully translated was the name of WEREWOLF FROM OUT AND it appears to be released on home video only in Sweden after 80 years. It can be found on Ebay and it likes and comes very much. I think it's Avco cut the film down to release R made that never happened. In 1974 it was released by Avco for the FURY WOLFMAN television and the textile version was used for this television magazine. Cut up to 12 years later and the WOLFMAN FURY comes to the home video in the Contract label. This version appears to be what Avco was returning to '73. It is an open version, and dirt that cannot pass through the TV or PG film. There are a number of cases in a contract with a dirty and dirty contract on TV magazines (the source of all Dud and VHS versions). But comparison with WOLFMAN is not quite available is not appropriate that 2 events are excluded from this version! (Destroyers in the next paragraph) The area where Ilona has Waldermar is locked on a wall and stroke it after a switch on waswolf is not finished. After hitting the charging, he begins to remove his clothes and start making love to waswolf !!! Waswolf responds well to these sex people as well. In fact this area is one of the most common in the history of awesome films and it is treating with delight. It is not an example but a tribal intake had a lot for the American audience, or more likely MPAA. Ilona has loved so much by Waldemar and can not own it, so her whole intellectual plan controls the wife of Waldermar and involved in something. He wanted to destroy his marriage, and he is doing this time Waldemar is in Tibet. Unfortunately returns to thewwolf, but this does not slow down. If he has no physical ability to have a man, he loves him enough to have sex with him as waswolf. This also helps to describe the future area where the beds of the downwolf and the woman seek to get naked before bedtime through her window. This area is provided without weakness in a covered version and certainly is useless. In an unfamiliar version, it seems that Ilona's love has made the horny of awwolf and it needs to be opened, so it is the first woman who can run after the flight. Another ward is a full area of ​​Waldemar bed and Karen and looks naked. The most common bedroom area was cut off by the American version of WEREWOLF SHADOW (WEREWOLF VS VAMPIRE WOMAN) as well. Film has its problems though, indeed. The director was drunk, uncomfortable for the waswolf for points, dubbing the English of the senseless, the succession of the series from the first film of Waldemar MARK OF WOLFMAN was called BLANKER BLOODY TERROR and the misuse of the film's musical film etc. around, but seen in The original structure of the mirror is not (ie: WEREWOLF is not available) is one of the Daninsky iswolf's wild and very rocky animal, and the plot line is not comparable in everything but the design of the kitchen. Cutting / photocopying and photocopying of the film's films are not appropriate, and unfortunately this is almost every person speaking on the film has seen. The film carries the 1970s copyright, and I would like to bet the release date in 1972 on IMDb is incorrect. The film tracks WEREWOLF SHADOW (aka WEREWOLF VS VAMPIRE MOTHER) in the series and certainly released before WEREWOLF SHADOW. WEREWOLF EXPOSURE IN THE WOLFMAN FURNER refers directly to the opening of WEREWOLF SHADOW, giving a real witness to this. Unfortunately the full version of this cannot be given with respect. The full version will be an English version but in Spanish and English. Dubbing English hurts the movie. But any version of the Spanish language will describe the covered version as shown in Spain during the Franco era, where dirt was verboten.
