This is certainly the best director of the film Haim Bouzaglo made till now. A well-trained television director, well-trained in telling stories and leading his practitioners through long epics tried to get into this very low-budget film essence of a very special psychological state of Israel living though less endangered risk of attack, and cause 'bad life'. Each character tries to live his own life, looking at and controlling others, while looking at and controlled by other characters and especially by persistent pressure, and political and historical power that does not exceed his control. Others call this fate, but ultimately has a real representation in this film. It is not a clear political word in 'Breach'. People have not discussed politics, even at the level of saying 'bastards!' when they hear that new terrorist attacks occur. Their responses to events are improving attacks and counting victims using the official word and media for the dead and wounded. They live but instead of living in the borrowed time they enjoy enjoying one bomb, and waiting for the next one to happen. Personal, social, academic life seems to be working in some way, but it is deeply and is affected by events. The main character created by the director is a sports player whose personal and creative crisis is expanded by the pressures of the event and surely he is fortunate to leave for a minute to attack the site before the bomb explodes. He employs a private detective following his partner who is a television investigator who accuses it of falling for his next show - someone else failed, an old army, whose business and his family crashed under events. He begins to write a record of which a carbon-copy is true and brings to action, in the field of film in the film area that reminds Hamlet such as 'Synecdoche, New York'. Not that I could accuse the accused Charlie Kaufman looking over the shoulder of Bouzaglo, he certainly does not have such a requirement, but the screening of the director of Israel is a brilliant in anticipation of the future film (and the first directed by Kaufman). As in American film actors playing real people and start talking to them in real-life-meets-the-fact that has never been logical, at least not logical. Bouzaglo guides its administrators and ordinary talents, believes and empowers them to live through the situation rather than make them. His style is more free here than in his TV series, and the 'misleading' effects, although borrowed from American movie screens are working very well. Lastly it seemed to me a little bit to meet, but the shade of a suicide killer who hates the film and the whole time in the loop of time will also follow the viewer as he remembers this film later.
