Breach is a horrible film, haunting, about life-style and art that shows life. Haim Bouzaglo, the director of the film, plays the role of Haim Bouzaglo, a modern player who has prevented sexuality and a man who has no sexual ability, who finds inspiration in her question about a girl's girlfriend's documentary. As an Arab suicide bomber, he hides in the skullcap shirt and America, walks in search of his goal and nerves, Haim changes the life of a girl's girlfriend as he films his document and includes himself and the life of the actors during exercise. But the striker has already hit and Haim has left the restaurant one minute earlier. In spite of the time and space manipulation, the story is clear, comprehensive and interesting, the high definition of "disruption" of the daily life of Israel, where politics interacts with individuals, where everyone lives "intense," and people don't know if they play the leading roles in their lives or are just enough players in someone else's story. Bouzaglo has this idea of ​​everyone being a producer of someone else's productivity. We are always just, seeing what the false director sees illegally but also what the director "real" chooses to reveal. Reminding us that these are privacy violations, Bouzaglo takes us to the bathroom and the bedroom (sometimes the bedroom is the road and the roof), and occasionally puts his views into TV, video, or security screens. Employees are responsible for actors who represent "real" characters who have been beaten by actors. Of course, each of the actors is a star of his own production, only you know how to understand their roles in their own private films. Investigation employed by a sports player becomes a habit in play. The actor to take the role of the investigator seeks to investigate the "hints" on how to play the role, taken by the detective in the surveillance zones, and attend the beaten party as their real soul. In spite of this shortage of views, there are no clear lines of this information: the journalist is looking for the issue, the striker wants the goal, and the detective hits the film player. Then is any difficulty you see the final goal of Bouzaglo? Strong and powerful Israelites are fully aware of the threat of threat but they are not able to act. Israel is Bouzaglo, a false liar who can make his own life by playing. Israel is also an attacking-entrepreneur who is a subject of a film document, cheaters and actors, and a pumpkin man. They are all Israel because they all do not know, have been unwilling or indifferent, as the striker looks at its ideal goal. All actors can act as other bombs reported are sexually active and continue "scores" of victims. It is a personal victory, a confirmation, perhaps a revenge at the end of this game inside the film, but the audience will be left to beg for the state of Israel even if they are filled with the great characteristic of Bouzaglo's trouble. The nation into telling the story of the individual.
