I have read it with the only opinion that is available before the mine on this film and I would like to say first that I understand the attitude of an old user who commented on this film well: viewed from the Israeli perspective, I can very well imagine that this film touches on The most sensitive issues and that little details can be of great importance to the viewer who is more or less directly concerned with the events shown on this film. What I would like to say is that the 'Breach' was shown in the film festival in Geneva in November 2005 (Cinéma tout screen screen) where he won the audience ('Prix du public'in French). Why it affects me, I liked the work of the 'nerve' cameras of Mr Bouzaglo, who, in my opinion, demonstrated a state of sharp tension and unasiness in the movie very well, and I think many of the Swiss audience agreed to this thing in the movie. This view, however, may seem to be a 'stranger' to the Israeli observer, but it is not surprising to Swiss viewers, because Switzerland is a country that has never been a terrorist attack. So it is not surprising that Geneva's listeners judged this film with a greater view of "hiding." I would also like to quote what Mr Bouzaglo said when he was interviewed by the Geneva newspaper (I have a translation from French): '' After 50 years of living here and after all this violence, we may wonder if it is still possible to remain normal. that would be easier to kill than to survive. We are like characters in my film, '' edge edge ''. This is the reason why personal investigations, which somehow '' voyeur '' are the most enjoyable character in the film, because they are grateful to life for the system, taking advantage of this situation. '' This is, for substance, the main thing that I and the people of the swiss, in my opinion, showed in this film, and that we don't care about the distinction about the characters in the film that an old auditor described in detail with great humor. Therefore, in general, different countries = a different perspective, but I think this is somehow good, because it assures me why it affects the future of the movie, which is to say that it should not be less than 'exclusive' of 'planned routes' of thinking.
