- Very attractive for a red-colored woman waiting for her flight to meet an attractive young man who connects with. While the two are running and sitting next to someone else Jack becomes dead if he threatens Lisa to change the room where the politician and his wife will live in, or maybe his father will die. See now what happens when you fly the coach, things like that do not happen in the first class. It's because of the crisis being run by run, something else that this film shares with "Flightplan" is not having great faith * if it's a * word story. The whole step is to find the main character to change the room of the politician so that he can be killed which is a very good deal, but it will not be easy for Jack to find only the person who had a computer computer and deceived them in the hotel system? Young people today can almost stop doing anything with a computer, so I'm sure it would be easier for him to just find someone to change it by using the computer instead of dealing with the problem of surveillance in Lisa and putting him in trouble that he sows on the film. There is one thing that has struck me as strange as how no one in the program heard one thing that they were talking about. This is a very small bird they spoke here and since their voices were raised frequently it seems to me if other passengers should hear something. But I'm sure 100% that I read so many ways in it. Movie means that as real as part of the "24" so one cannot be surprised by such problems. For all my complaints though, this is still a very fun movie that gets a job. It's not a kind that requires the closure of your brain, but at the same time it doesn't require a good mind to fully enjoy it. <br /> - I would like to sit here in my delightful and rave seat on a brilliant acting in the movie but in fact I can't. I love Rachel McAdams, I love Cillian Murphy, and I like Brian Cox, but they don't stretch their muscles to act here. It is not a big problem since this is not a film that the studio hopes to win many awards and acting is not so bad, not big. Wes Craven is not the first one that comes to mind when you think of a film like this, but does a very good job while watching the film and a lack of comprehension for the script. It was a great improvement on the "insulting" and despair and as I liked to do something different from this film, I would still like to return to do what he did in the past which is the biggest horror movies that he spoke about decades after release. Something else about the movie I was so grateful for was how short a movie was. It is advisable to sit and watch at three beautiful or movie once in a while, but nowadays it is like every movie comes out very long, where this movie looks just like the right length. Not too long, and it's very short. They do not waste time trying to develop more characters because they know this is not a film that and by doing so they made a very good film. Being a great film of geek music, I must say that the best part of the cinema is the coldest winter and Marco Beltrami. It is best to see Beltrami going to write predictive music on the great music he is doing now. I am really crazy cool techno / orchestra that he does with great names. It's not so bad that I can't get a sound voice anywhere, it would like to love to hear the names whenever I wanted to rather have a pop in the DVD when I want to hear it. <br /> <br /> Good for what is and when away with great movies, it still should give hours and minutes of entertainment
