The red eye starts in Texas where the hotel recipients Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) wants to capture the last 'red eye' flight to Miami where she lives and works. While waiting for his plane Lisa meets Jackson Rippner (good and attractive) (Cillian Murphy) and they both seem to wipe, then when they fly they find out that they are unfortunately sitting nearby. Once the airline takes & they are air Jackson shows who he is actually & that their meeting seems likely not unfortunate, Jackson says that he works for someone who wants to kill the country's security secretary Charles Keefe (Jack Scalia) & need him to change his rooms at the hotel where he works in Miami. Jackson tells Lisa to call the hotel and do so or her father will be killed ... \ t | \ tContacted by Wes Craven who is perhaps best known for his awesome films such as the Last Left House (1972), Fantasy on Elm Street (1984), Snake and Rainbow (1989), The People Under the Stairs (1991) and Trilogy Trilogy's young slashers a little, punchy, quick paced little thriller as Red Eye looks like a great departure from a kind of film Craven usually does. Carl Ellsworth's script makes it surprisingly surprising which I must admit I was very excited, for just 85 minutes of odd is moving forward, economically & directly to the type of film that focuses on one thing, taught the plot instead of going through the way different with small votes. Others may like this as I did while others could not but I think it gets you into more steps if it comes thick and quickly without a film falling down and giving you an opportunity to relax. I really liked the plot for Red Eye, certainly a film like this would have one or two times being interviewed because of conspiracy but what is hell, it's a fascinating film and I did what it did. I loved the two medium actors, Lisa comes as the favorite when Jackson Rippner (the obvious name of the famous Victorian Jack the Ripper teacher) is a very nice cool and I am doing my job just 'kind of thinking. Another common thing is that I don't think anyone who feels stupid here, everyone actually seemed like human beings & films are in the right way. I liked this one of the best recent Craven films. <br /> <br /> Craven returns for a good time, solid, taught & exciting at a delightful pace and thrown to an interesting, positive step with a promotion strategy. In fact it does not hold up and immediately begins the action and tension he never stops, far away from the most effective part of the film is when Rippner has taken the hostage of Lisa on the plane and once the film takes it to Miami & Lisa's house house becomes more common than usually but still good. Special mention goes to Rachel McAdams who is very good at this, I could look at Red Eye again just because she's in it & it seems to stop stunning dead. Those who see the name of Wes Craven linked to Red Eye expecting a horrible film should consider again that there is no fear in it (even though the IMDb 'Horror' list as a type of Red Eye). I don't know about the end, on the one hand it was good to see man living for a change that faces the traditional expectations but could be more satisfying to see Lisa kill him somehow. <br /> <br /> DreamWorks seems to give the Red Eye The original budget of $ 44 million but slowed up to $ 25 million though it is still a very well-made film and production standards. At the shooting in Los Angeles & Florida in California. The film was written by husband and wife Sean Penn & Robin Wright Penn who wanted to lead but eventually the creators were chosen to lead the youth. As I said Rachel McAdams is a fresh eye candy and is a total child in this & the value of watching the film for himself. Oh, & she puts in good performance too. <br /> <br /> Red Eye is a very quick paced taught tension filled very little that I enjoyed so much, I didn't think I would enjoy it if I did & I was glad I decided to look at it. Surely this gets recommendations from me & Rachel McAdams really are hot things in this ...
