Right is Wes Craven's amazing end of honor. Since then he had nothing but the irresistible line of Hollywood garbage does not like well on the blockbuster night, including the desire of Scream columns. Perhaps the knowledge and skills given to the movie swung all the power and creativity from him, so that when it came at dinner time, he had nothing to serve us but his own doo. Finally, after who knows how many films later, he gives us an exciting, non-violent, incredible, amazing eye and Red Eye. Rachel McAdams once again provides good performance as he plays a hotel manager who has unfortunate links with important political and regular statistics in his hotel. Then it meets Jackson Ripner (Cillian Murphy, Batman Beyond) at the airport, who knows better after running late with air air. What she does not know is already know. And he also knows his father, who can no longer see if he fails to cooperate and meet the needs of Jackson - use his relationship to establish his hotel regularly for murder. You may think this is nothing but your daily thriller is complete and predicting and monitoring events. Although this is a good past, that's its beauty. No special effects. No cost-effective to do. Only forgiveness of classic. You feel desperate and responsive to every decision McAdams is compelled to do and you actually take care of him as you are happy with every step he does to get the escape from his claustrophobic position. <br /> <br /> As always gives an interesting and interesting performance. It may be his beautiful face or his abnormal right to be sincere, but it always seems to be sympathetic to him if his roles require it. Cillian Murphy on the other hand is unusual to look at, so even if the trailer did not reveal, its last change from a charming visitor to an angry jackass is not surprising. Perhaps it would have been more trippy to see a good man persona like Toby Maguire transform into a bad madman rebellion. However, Cillian Murphy, after his true identity has been established, played a role so firmly want to actually die, or at least get his ass kicked. <br /> <br /> Do not ignore this feature. There is a lot of short-term basketball and heart-flying that will keep your eyes on the screen instead of your look if you like recent photos of Craven. If it isn't for you, do all the time you will see your girlfriend, or your partner, or someone with popcorn flying and holding him. Wes end gets right. In addition to its trademark trademark, Siri red is not her humor as Cynthia's McAdams instead on the front desk trying to keep the hotel. It was forgiveness that Red Eye was not disappointed. Instead you will find the pleasure of seeing McAdams to perform another amazing talented talent, Murphy looking creepier for minutes, and Craven Craft of traditional classic cultures. The late plane would have been the start of the Craven revolution when it arrived after the shouting.
