On one night's journey from Los Angeles to Miami, Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) meets a good man who turns into a hired killer who asks for his help to kill a businessman or his own father will die. The red eye is a great excitement that listens to the audience on the edge of their seats. Cluster is similar to Cellular and Phone Booth but Red Eye is better than both film. Almost everything about the Red Eye is on average including doubts, acting and patterns. Most of the films are held on the plane but do not slow down the movie. The movie is very fast and exciting without slow or boring ads. Wes Craven works very well behind the camera. Instead of focusing on wonders, he takes into account stories and characters. The movie has its part time suspenseful but not what the film is really about. I also like Wes Craven focuses on other passengers and small details that become useful later. The red eye shows his skills in the story. The red eye also performs well because of the casting of young and talented. Rachel McAdams gives a very good performance and her behavior is difficult to hate. You can even end up thanking him for his voice. Cillian Murphy provides very good and effective performance as mad. The way he does it is the first time but it returns to the psychology is particularly amazing. Participants are also very good who include Brain Cox and Mayma of Jayma. <br /> <br /> Movie is also very stylish and has this vibe in general. The order does well since there is a clear fear of isolation and no escape. In general, the tone of the film is constantly creepy. Screenplay is not as strong as everything else though. There is a limited time that can distract the viewer. Many of them did not bother me but there were few who left me shaking my head. Also, the end is disappointment. It's not just the worst end to the very simple and different approach would be better. Since the movie is faced with characters, no time to scream maybe just jumps a few times. If you expect a terrible movie then you will end up disappointing. At the end, Red Eye is the excitement and is one of the best summer movies. Testing 8/10
