'Intervention' helped me with my penalties and recovery. I am a middle-aged father of two. I work in my personal and professional life. However, I have pain from the past that I am taking drugs to get rid of, and issues that I am returning slowly. While those who lost their families and their lives shared with me, they helped me improve my life and my relationship with my family. The show, unlike many others, dig in the addict period and shows events that are caused by the addiction. Many of us suffer because it is too dangerous to go back and do, as Alice Miller says, "discovering and accepting the true emotion in the personal and unique history of our childhood." Show a worthy loan for at least get this process started. This burn is painful and hard, but it is useful. Many of the addictive drugs - false and false - seem to ignore the basic issues. It is often assumed that the addict one day just starts to start shooting or whatever for fun or pleasure or personal interest, and now they can not stop. Not so: punishment is about killing pain. I can relate to different events and problems in people's lives. There are common themes, and amazing variations. Many of the addicts have found the worst abuse. Some children respond only to divorce. For those who think that an addiction is more than a problem, I would just say that different people react differently. Although other children deal well with others, others, like Christmas in the show, "falls in the pot on the floor" and have their lives ever changed by the event. <br /> <br /> For example, last night's counselor said Andrea very well wants a confirmation from men. She takes money from a 75-year-old neighbor and leaves men to use her. A voice known to anyone? The series has been filled with information that we can use to understand our own motivations and make adjustments in our lives. Often it is those who have minor issues who suffer for a long time. As they say, even an hour of suspension is equal twice a day, but the slow hour can go unnoticed for a long time, even it has made your life miserable. <br /> <br /> For producers: Thank you for displaying, for digging in the past, for tracking. Also, graphics, structure, and music themes are brilliant. <br /> <br /> For drunkards: thank you for your courage to participate. If you have helped yourself, or have helped.
