The first animation film from Ireland is also one of the best animation movies I have ever seen. Their real estate and all stories are not the same as other Oscar characters and any other film from this year or any other year. The film program has a Abbot of Kells, a village in Ireland builds a wall around its city to prevent vikings to destroy the city they should attack. Her pastor Brendon is a young player who is doing better but meets her uncle's pain by doing things at her time. When the story of Aidan comes from the monastery of the monastery, Brendon emerges to him with his warm personality. Many with the bitterness of the uncle Aiden provides teaching Brendon how to shine. To help Aidan's work in his great book, he was rescued from a destroyed monastery, Brendan goes out into the forest to get the ink material. While outside the walls meets Ashley, the forest spirit and who builds friendships. Unfortunately Abbot sees that he went out of the wall and there is a hell to pay. But to walk away is vikings ... Open what you think you know about this film. Even what I have explained does not justify this film. His simple story and much more develops. This is a good movie about trying to find your way around the world, on coming to the demon and getting the beauty of the world out of the walls. (If the film says the world is a dangerous place and it is not even that even if you build walls) <br /> <br /> It is a film that takes its listeners as adults and deals with all life including darkness. There is death and destruction and happiness and happiness. Its not sugar. People die. Monsters lurk. (caused some children), but the end is hopeful. In fact the dark in this film is quite different from anything in any recent American film. Forgetting "sadness" in the Pixar film, this is a real thing, and it's fun and shows how homogenized even Pixar has been. It is a Genndy Tartakovsky-esquire (Samurai Jack) animated film whose watch is actually based on the Celtic art of the period. His film which looks different from any other. Here is another film that takes a picture of the film and uses it for every possible way. Images are designed to fill the available space possible. Often the film has used it to look like a page in the Kells Book book. Its amazing beauty and beauty described as art comes to life. Director Tomm Moore has created a film which is a masterpiece. I can't say more than that. His masterpiece. It is one of the best animations I have been running.
