While watching this film I was confused and confused and at the end, I wanted to give a 4 or 5 film hard. I thought the animation was normal and everywhere and there was so much. Even my DD did not continue. It felt like a little bit of acid. Everything seemed flat, there was no direction for anything. There were many shapes, lines and systems. I wanted to leave the movie in the middle and blow my copy of this movie. But after I finished watching, I watched on the Internet to read on the film and I had to do a little survey on this film before watching. <br /> <br /> The Mystery of Kells is freely based on the true story of the original Kells Book. The little boy, Brendan, has been given the task of writing new pages in what has been made to be a much larger book written. This book will contain information that will help "change the light to the light." Brendan lives in Kells village behind large stone walls. Taking place in the 8th century, Brendan's uncle, Abbot's Kells, tries to build a wall in order to keep Vikings out. Brendan's uncle insists to help them complete the wall, but the traveler and guardian of the "book" teaches Brendan with his model knowledge, and persuade him to finish the "book" and implement it. When I looked at the movie I thought I missed something because I had no real knowledge. I thought I had lost a piece of Irish history. Google's simple search teaches me all I need to know about the original Kells Book. After reading many articles, my views on the movie were greatly changed. The book of Kells is a printed edition of the first few New Testament books written in Latin by the Gaelic kings in Ireland in the 8th century. With the script and secret script, the book is also displayed in the art of special art, the type of early art form of knowledge, difficulty, and small illustrations. Highly Arts in the Book of Kells is shown as many art was at that time, flat and dimensionality faced without any view. But what makes the Book of Kells come from other pieces of art is the use of many colors. <br /> <br /> The Secret of Kells is the color of the color. I previously thought the animation was flat and defensive. It reminded a lot of cartoon Samurai Jack which also had a flat and "amine" looks. Once you learn about the styles of the Book of Kells, it is obvious that most of the styles from the book are mimicked in the movie. There are lines and swirls with various shapes that reside in Brendan's mind. Whenever he enters into his mind, the circle shapes resemble the sun, vogue, clock and wheels begin to fill out the screen. Screen boundaries are set to moving triangles or circles. Changes are filled with colors, and Celtic buttons. From the trees to the floor, many things in the world are covered with shapes or patterns. Entering 70 minutes under the credit, the secret of Kells is a fun subject of little history and a little adventure with a cast wind to keep people (perhaps just kids) interested. I think one needs to be exposed to the secrets of Kells as a piece of half the movie, half a movie about history. With the look as it was with animation and Adobe illustrator, It's a very good movie visible. But based on 20 films presented for Oscar focus, I don't think it should be selected on Mary and Max. <br /> <br /> That's Jumu.Blogspot.com
