THE KELLS WORK is an amazing first of all interesting things that will reduce your eye and inspire your heart. The lack of a small film budget and sometimes a little animation is more than compensated for the poems of the story of the young man of Brendan's light to be the light of the master during the dark. For this history it was at the end of the 8th century, when Irish learning centers were overthrown by Vikings. Vikings appears here as stupid opponents, similar to the North Sea of ​​Huns Destruction and the most East Mongols. The story of the film — which works more like a model — spinning a conflict between Brendan, who wants to create beauty in its light during the dark intervention, and his strict Abbot uncle - who wants to protect Kells and his nephew and the wall entering as a barrier against Norsemen. Abbot ignores the value of Brendan's art in its security efforts. This is the external conflict of the film. Brendan's internal conflicts are to find the secret eye-filling design that will allow him to complete the most complicated painting in the Kells Book. This eye is protected by Dragon Ouroboros, who destroys from those who are unworthy of this effort as surely as Vikings will kill from without (That is a lot of stories if I explain it!) \ T The creators of some of the great works of art to live in the West from 1200 years ago. The characters are stylized in flat abstract shapes described by line as in the original Kells Book. (A huge sandwich of sandy sand, describing in a few lines, but precisely — and even harder metamorphically feline.) The different types of emotions that Brendan and other characters emerging offer from their abstract design design are tax for better crafts. director and its leaders. The design of the decorative edge of the image to add to the great impact of the given area, and this characteristic display from the dark age brings good life animation into KELLS. Of course, historical games tell us more about our times than the times these dramas are trying to show. However, by introducing the archetypal elements in this story, the authors and director of SECRET OF KELLS show a great state of life at that time in Ireland that feels genuine psychology, however the script can be lost from pedantic historical facts. United Nations Awards band who seem to be the artists in the SECRET of KELLS are not available in history, but all are well organized, individual characters who make a lot of referral to this world of quintessentially Irish stories.) Animation always seemed to be the best car more to me help us understand the visual art of different times and cultures. The great art of this film comes from the historical source of sight, but it has also been made discreetly for the story of animation; if the animation was in the Dark Covenant, SECRET OF KELLS is what it looks like! Finally, the Brendan hero's efforts in this film are a long-lasting effort of the artist to show the spirit of beauty, life and inspiration. (Without being a preacher or even a particular Christian, this film proves Jesus' decision that "Man does not live with bread alone.") In my estimates the most advanced movie about the creative process of visual artists is Andrei Tarkovsky's ANDREI RUBLEV, film about the great painter The 15th century of the 15th century. SECRET OF KELLS describes the same sense of secrecy and exciting about the artist's visual and creative process. It certainly isn't as much as ANDREI RUBLEV, but --- he felt --- his cartoon! (And one that will be appealing to young and old alike.) I think this movie will continue to look consistently: through its normal life-affirming way, this SECRET of the stylized KELLS is classic.
