In 1945, after a string of the propaganda of the WWII propaganda, Errol Flynn held the US box office began to decline, despite the increase in the visibility of the decline, he started a series of films related to that type that had earlier made its name: swashbuckler. The first of these was very good - ADVENTURES OF DON JUAN (1948) - but also proved to be its last major budget of Hollywood star car. Some of his sword-swords traveled throughout Europe: England for KIM (1950), MASTER OF BALLANTRAE (1953) and DARK AVENGER (1955), in France for ADVENTURES OF CAPTAIN FABIAN (1951) and Italy for cancellation stories of WILLIAM TELL (1953) and the smaller CROSSED SWORDS (1954). However, Hollywood looked at her last marine routes - with Universal's photo of a common and common budget than Warner Brothers 'A' which she had accustomed to at her height ... <br /> < br>> However, the Technicolor-glorious movie comes from the screen here and, when the old Flynn and the old man can be seen as the shade of his old man, the woman who led the red direction Maureen O'Hara has a farm day as a leader of tcaneyish buccaneer who down wants romance and wants to be treated as a woman. Anthony Quinn was still a few years away from his most dramatic vehicles of life, so here he looked like a baddie - captain of pirate Roc Bronze, a role that he attacked with gusto. As a BLACK SHIELD OF FALWORTH (1954) - A glance that before this - AGAINST ALL FLAGS returns to my new day of watching TV regularly when Hollywood movies were a day-to-day Italian and neighboring system. centers. All I know, this may be the first pirate movie I have ever seen and I am thinking in today's generation of young people who think they believe that the PIRATES OF THE Trilogyering is about! As I said earlier, USING all capabilities cannot be a very good pirate stick that has brought it to the screen but it is a good example of this type of expansion. Nowadays, the continuous amorous of the Indian princess as a child (Alice Kelley) towards her pirate captor Flynn can make one of the worst but all the others - despite the clear not on the top of SEA HAWK (1940) and BLACK SWAN (1942) , to mention the best project of the sea of ​​its respective stars - is very interesting and cooperative. Unfortunately, the film will go later to be modified as the PIRATE OF KING (1967) by Doug McClure! Why is it important, the success of the modern box office of modern boxes is not available, perhaps if the movie's reluctant films are on their swashbuckling list and leaving them on DVD and, as The true thing, IN ALL OILS was the same gem in the non-"Pirates Of The Golden Age Movie Collection" that came from Universal which also had an uncertain dross like the BUCCANEER GIRL (1950; and Yvonne De Carlo), DOULE CROSSBONES (1951) and Donald O'Connor and YANKEE BUCCANEER (1952; and Jeff Chandler)! Value of money, perhaps, so far, I've just got Flickn Errol Flick from other sources; however, if my feelings hit me in the future, I would put my hands on the same marine adventures as MUTINY of Edward Dmytyk (1952), the former YANKEE BUCCANEER and PIRATES OF TORTUGA (1961).
