Kells's secret is an independent feature, which gives us one of the stories of the story surrounding the Book of Kells, a book revealed from the Old Testament with the four Gospels of the New Testament. I did not know that this book does not exist, but knowing now makes my interpretation and my analysis easier. There are few stories and ideas around the book, who wrote, and how it has lived over 1,000 years. This is one of them. We are sent by Brendan, orphan who lives in Abbey's Kells in Ireland and his uncle, Abbot Cellach (shown by Brendan Gleeson). Abbot Cellach is building a huge wall next to abbey to protect the villagers and delegates. Brendan does not like the wall and not other monks. They are more to consider reading and writing, something Abbot Cellach don't have time again. He is afraid of "Northmen," those who are looting and leaving towns and villages without empty and burnt down. One day a traveler comes from Iona Island near Scotland. It is Brother Aidan, a very wise man who carries a special book that has never been completed. Abella Cellach gives her permission to stay with friends of Brendan with her. Aidan has special plans for Brendan. First he needs a ink for a book, but he needs special berries. The only way to find them is to volunteer out of the walls and into the forest, a remote area from Brendan. Seeing that it is the only place for Aidan to continue his work, he decides to return and return the fruit before his uncle does not know. <br /> <br /> In the Brendan forest meets Ashley, the forest protector. He allows Brendan passage on the berries and on the road becomes the same as his company. He warns him of the danger that has come in darkness and not printing. There are worse things than Vikings out there. From Brendan is faced with more challenges and a book to be sure of the invasion. <br /> <br /> I love more stories now that I know what it is. By knowing now the Book of Kells and what's deep, animation makes perfect sense. I am sure you have seen pictures or copies of ancient writings from hundreds of years ago, with beautiful borders, colorful pictures, and interesting patterns, creation, and love pages. Many as an appropriate opening of Disney's Sword in Rock. Animation here has many designs and designs. It creates a unique view of where the story and animation almost tries to eliminate. <br /> <br /> I couldn't take my eyes away from the wonderful details. This is some of the best 2D animations I have seen in years. It is vibrant, stirring, and full of life. The characters are always around with designs, doodles, and patterns in the trees, on the walls, and in the air only circled. It helps the film. <br /> <br /> The story is satisfactory, although I think the latter can eliminate a little more. And just in the run of 75 minutes I think there might be something special in the last act. It does not provide much information or does not mean the book. We remember that it is important but I don't fully understand it. We are told that it gives hope, but never why or how. That's the only part of the film. Otherwise I thought the story was interesting though it has never been quite an animation. <br /> <br /> I think it's the same for a certain level. Animation can carry the film so far before the fall. The story does not have a few parts, but it is interesting to take a fascinating piece of history. I would like to look at the top of the Book of Kells just to get an idea of ​​what I and this film are talking about. I think it will help your experience to see more. This is an amazing and very good film that should not be forgotten.
