I always follow Dakar, so when my husband bought a Charlie 'DVD to Dakar' I couldn't wait to watch it! Of course we would get a broadcast when the real race was, but that does not give history and a special team. Looking at Long Way Round then you will not be surprised by a language that I really enjoy more than offensive. I think the only thing that has misled me about the DVD was Charlie's hair, but he had identified himself before Dakar so my feminine need was closed; tho 'I could live without' fire 'un lol lol As for the LWR, the preparation was every bit as interesting as the race itself. I shouted when Charlie broke his arm, and every time he was in pain he went through the training .... and of course Andy Caldicott's death ... that was a terrible tragedy, but every year there is something. <br /> <br /> Russ gives a nuts car, although his view has changed a thousand times from the cynic's argument was in the LWR. It is good to see him really good now with Charlie. I learned from this odyssey was - 1. Do not let Scorpion prepare your car for ALL! - they had months to prepare X5, and still days before the left team to Lisbon, Scorpion had made only half of the things that needed to be done, and the car was in pain during the whole race; 2. The organizers of Dakar need to put more work on their return plan for the riders / departure of Matt - and perhaps a large number of other drivers / drivers to get rid of the way they did it was not a shortage of blame; 3. Charlie has a great effort for 'bad and difficult' adventure but it needs to be very stimulating to do as he liked, and finally, 4. Charlie and Ewan are planning one of these epositions of the Low Path of 2007, and I can't wait to get hands my !: D If you love bicycles and / or really blokes 'good', you should check this, I guarantee you love it. It is very entertaining. In conclusion, for Simon Pavey - you master is a hero, I was very impressed with your 'quiet' way and the fact that you have completed ..... just wonderful to consider what the hard race race is for Charlie, Matt and the rest of the team - a perfect score to wipe. Imagine that a green team could have a lot of success is really interesting. You are all wonderful.
