After hitting the audience with three very different scenarios apart from bat, Serling continued to set up the audience for the 'Twilight Zone' in an incredible way to organize one of the major farmers' programs as a fourth period. 'Millimeters' millimeters are one of the most translated events, taking into account the state of the aging of being unable to cope with changing times and just setting up a typical feature in the closing moment. Because of this technique, the part is under the whelming for the first time but the following comments reveal that it is a short and beautiful story written. They are both leading, Ida Lupino as Barbara Jean Trent and Martin Balsam as its troubled but caring agent, shining in their exhibitions. The main problem with the event is that the 25-year-old footage of the actor did not agree. Lupino looks similar when playing Trent as he does while playing in the middle of Trent and this reduces the problem of the situation significantly. Fortunately, Lupino makes his socks off and assures us of his desire to go back. It is a situation in which many can agree, and yet Trent is far from the attitude of compassion. He is a prima-donna who thinks little of the feelings of those around him, such as the most surprising star who has lost his love for courage because he reminds him of the days of his glory. So it's very strange, then, that it is given to the end of happiness. It is clear what will happen at the moment when we see a large screen projections and it is clever before being tempted during the opening while Trent scares her maid to stop from behind the screen. Something that is unknown at first, however, is that the incorporation into the projector will prove a prize or a strong lesson to realize what we have to live in. If it turns, Trent is allowed to go back to what he wished, a sign of how human thinking might be. The sixteenth Millimeter Shrine is ideal for every look. The top writing and acting title combines to create a short game of power that depicts human nature longing, even if we cannot return. Except in Twilight Zone.
