Chris Rock stars in this Heavenly remake of Warren Beatty Can Wait (itself remake of 1941 film Here Here comes Mr. Jordan), comedy on someone who dies before his time, before realizing his dreams, and his adventures in a new body (except time). In the Beatty version, the protagonist was a quarter of the parks Rams then. In the hipper version of the Rock, our leading behavior is a small-and-very talented player. <br /> <br /> It is very amazing to see the Rock of rough rough playing a bad player. It's like seeing Tom Hanks playing bad actor. Lance Barton's dream is to play the story of the story of Apollo Theater at an amateur night. But every time he tries his material, he is driven away from a romantic step - so much his nickname is "Booie." His joke is crippled, his delivery hurts. In short, Lance is everything that Chris Rock is really not. <br /> <br /> Lance is also a bicycle member, and runs the road on his way to try more material at BAM! They are hit by a truck. Ok, so maybe taken from his body to the second tenth of the second with the little angel (Eugene Levy), but hey, he would get hit. No dice, apparently Lance is not available in Heaven until 2044. So what to do? Mr. King (Chazz Palminteri), the "manager" of Heaven, in doubt agrees to find a new body for Mr. Barton who is not dead. The problem is, the body they find is a greedy, white man. He wants this (Mr. Wellington) owns all kinds of things - he is the 15 most rich person in the country! Luck! You can imagine how Lance will turn around things nearby. But of course, during the body of Mr. Wellington, Lance falls to a good hospital worker (Regina King). We men know how hard to find a woman given our body, but try to win one when you are dumpy, a white man old! And it's worse when he's not impressed with your money. This is the first Rock shot in the lead role, and in my opinion he admirably. There is still a very good player in him - and, of course, if he would like to find different roles, he can stop interfering in the stand-in script - but this is not the worst thing. The presence of the Rock - his car, his delivery, his character, and his passion - what makes this film. He is obviously having a lot of fun in the role, and seems to like to make sure you are happy to watch him.
