THIEF IN NIGHT is a good false account of the week leading up to RAPTURE and a week following this important event. I have thoroughly enjoyed the values ​​of production and the content of the content of this independent Christian movie. <br /> <br /> INFORMATION NOTICE. Hey, it's an independent movie, and a string of shoe shoe, so, of, it will look a little cheesy (if your level is A-list of Hollywood fees). But, compared to other independent movies, this film is quite acceptable. More important than fashion, clothing, and music is the story itself. What? The story gives? What? The best time you work? What? Story story builds a satisfactory peak? The answer to all these questions is "wrong". As a note-side, important technical elements - continuous, sound, lighting - it's good. The viewer can view the show without frustration and inappropriate crafts. CONTENT VALUE. The message of the film is good. As you explore how a movie manufacturer's ideas developed within a short of 69 minutes, you appreciate his skills. He gives the message of salvation, the result of unbelief, the danger of going back, the fact of the uplifting, and the threat of government leading the world of the devil and thinking, ideas, and - more important to the evangelistic movie - and biblical accuracy. <br /> <br /> The creator of the film is a good journalist. For example, he develops a message of salvation in two important ways: (1) He shows us through the actual action of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ for us. This succeeds in the area where the hunter of the zoo has declined with poisonous snakes and almost dies. The only treatment is blood from someone who feels poisonous snakes. Sin is like sin; The cure is like the blood of Christ, spilled on the cross. (2) The film manufacturer also develops a message of salvation through dialogue. He has various characters to explain the truth about human sin and the need for salvation through faith in Christ. Therefore, the filmmaker uses all the stages and talks to tell his story. <br /> <br /> As a sidewalk, the fact that movies produced by evangelical Christians actually have dialogue with events that provide a clear message of salvation, set forth in the evangelical Christian language, photography and theology are quite acceptable. To criticize this film for being a clear Christian; is similar to criticizing Nike commercial for promoting sports-wear. What else does an evangelical Christian film, if not a film that says their case? Also, the fact that the filmmaker uses the idea that the unbeliever will be left behind in the world that is not lost God is, again, quite acceptable. The creator of the film uses the most likely idea for the idea. How do I know? I heard about THIEF NIGHT from a woman who saw the way back in 1974; still lived in his memory thirty years later. How many movies can you say? All around, a very interesting show, stimulating thoughts. I plan to make it to my youth group in the church.
