Elvira Mr. Giza (1988): Cassandra Peterson, Daniel Greene, William Morgan Sheppard, Susan Kellerman, Edie McClug, Jeff Conaway; Charles Woolf, Sharon Hays, Bill Cable, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Ira Heiden, Frank Collison, Lynne Marie Stewart, Marie Sullivan, Jack Fletcher, Robert Benedetti, Kate Brown, Hugh Gillin, Eve Smith, Raleigh Bond, Alan Dewames, Timm Hill, Read Scot, James Hogan, Derek Givens ... Director James Signorelli ... Screenplay Sam Egan, John Paragon <br /> <br /> Elvira, Mrs Giza was the 80 icon of TV who had The player of the night displayed on the cable. He attended and presented an old American movie, many of the camps, giving his own comments and interesting expressions. Cassandra Peterson has this date filled with this success. In 1988, his first film was released. Playing himself, he stuck the movie hosting show shows but he desires to show his own Las Vegas and make great money. His agent Manny proves disappointment. Not long before he inherited a house from a dead relative, a pet dog and a book of instructions. He comes to claim his inheritance in the small town of Nevada - he was on his way to Vegas and lost - and soon triggers things in the sedate society. The city's conservative city of Chastity Pariah (Edie McClurg) soon sees him as a threat to the art of the little town. His powerful and winning figure soon draws the youth of the city. He falls to Bob Redding (Daniel Greene) host / employee of the city, but before any real relationship can burst, he finds himself in serious trouble. Vincent Talbot (William Morgan Sheppard) an old man who is also a successor to the part of Elvira's family is actually an old wizard who has a personal vendetta against Aunt Elvira and Elvira himself. He knows that the so-called "recipe book" is indeed a powerful magic book, the power he wants to claim. He plans to bring Elvira because the city burns him in distress. How will Elvira come out of this? Movie had no real success in the box office, stimulating a crowd of young people who are known to the Elvira show on the cable. The truth is told, this is a fun and exciting movie. The script is a full chalk of some jokes, some of the bad, some good, lots of sex, eye jokes and a total barrier that is the last hilarious area that Elvira has found his player's document in Vegas. This film is a kind of cult type, catering for fans of Elvira. You can't enjoy this film otherwise. Also look back at the "pop" culture of 80 years. Elvira had a lot of 80-year icon such as Alf, Vicky Robot, Hulk Hogan, Mr. T and Madonna.
