Since the start of his career in the 70's and in most of the most exciting 80 years, Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) has grown up to be a typical and typical worship service in the world of terrible and evil movies. When Mrs Peterson has taken up various role-plays in motion pictures, covering many kinds of forms, it was her characteristic Elvira TV that brought her a great reputation. Part of its charm? and respect from fans? he sleeps the fact that he has never allowed him the kind of horror that made him famous (unlike many other actors and executives who like to identify themselves from their work "early"). I only saw the pieces and pieces of his television shows, but his role in coming to the latest Ghoultown song "Mr. Giza" encouraged me to look at his many items. One thing was known for a long time before this music video: For many years Elvira had had the power to influence herself during the mid-80's. And in 1988, after the film as "Night of Fear" and "TerrorVision" included worship and spoofs on its TV work, it finally occurred: "Elvira, Giza's Giza", motion picture . Now, I have seen the trailer ready to come back in the days of VHS rental, but it took till last week to finally see the real film. A few years ago, I was able to look at "Elvira's Haunted Hills" (done in 2001), but for some reason it did not interest me all. Was it really forget, or should I watch another? I really feel like looking at now, like this first Elvira movie from '88 believe in the truth. Although it probably has the responsibility to make this film work, it may be Sam Egan and John Paragon and their contributions on the script, certainly no way to deny: Cassandra Peterson feels very much with comedy (also wrote a screenplay co-operation) When Elvira learns that it is one of The beneficiaries of the Great Aunt (had never heard before), takes it as a long-term opportunity to show her own show in Las Vegas. In order to claim his own right to inherit, it goes to the quiet city of New England. But the villagers of Falwell city are for treatment. At less time no one can surprise and insult all renowned residents of a small conservative town with her (often without pretending) tendency to stimulate. To make matters worse, his legacy would not be what he expected: a dundown house, cookbook and poodle. But what he does not know, and his uncle's uncle Vincent Albot does, is that his aunt was a witch, and a book of cookbook has a recipe for darkening powers of darkness. And if you compress the film while Elvira has climbed his first dish from the recipe book, then make sure, you're going on this trip with a smile on your face. <Br /> <br /> Wondering how the script has been caused with the boob joke, the same color, the memory of the film, the joke and the flavor of the taste can also tell a good story. Simple, of course, but it's okay. While other movies, depending on the gag status, often make follow-up stories (like "Naked Gun", for example), this film is not suitable. Many of the fears-comedies were produced during the 80's, but not many of them actually worked. Let the awesome permission that is not appropriate at a certain time ("Party killer", although I am grateful to this person who is going at the end of the end) or becomes very bad ("Saturday 14"). Although "Elvira" is more comedy than fear, it does not track the track of what it is doing and to constantly build towards the most gentle end, complete with the usual destruction of the street of Falwell between the Elvira wizard and the evil wizard Talbot wizard, including a true fake-god hunting and Elvira himself during a burn-in-minute. I tell you, there is no power in hell that can make this movie without unfunny. One of the first strokes I found was the time to open the credit already, when Daniel Greene's name appeared. Who is Daniel? Yes, I recognized his name (and later on his eyes-eyes). How can someone forget Daniel Greene once you saw ... "Atomic Cyborg aka Fists of Steel"! But if you haven't seen "Atomic Cyborg", then I'm sorry, but you can't laugh with his face in this one. And on the note: I've never thought Elvira look this cool when driving without ignorance away from the gas station. Even Robert Rodriguez could not make the shot better.
