"Living Night Living" was the end of the power for the first half of the 11th season. It is obvious that the life of the various zombie movies, especially the Dead Resurrection, is similar to the homeless and the living dead, as they eat and eat. thrive away from the change of spare parts rather than mind. Kyle is judged for the sudden outbreak of homeless people when he, out of his heart's heart, gives $ 20 to a homeless person in front of him. Many homeless people begin to intervene in South Park, until the city is completely overcrowded. This is the strongest part of Randy Marsh, as he assumes the role of a weapon-wielding leader of adults who run to the Community Center Community Center. But before Randy made a community center, he has grown to hundreds of homeless people shouting loudly "I don't have any changes!" Unfortunately, these refugees lose Gerald Broflofski for the homeless, trying to escape to capture the bus out of town, and regardless of the change of all the changes to the bus to prevent homeless people. Then it becomes one of them, urging everyone to change. The boys are trying to find out why there are so many homeless in South Park, and looking for someone who is the director of residential studies. They know that the nearby Evergreen city had a similar problem with homeless people, so they run to Evergreen to find out what they did to solve the problem. Unfortunately, homeless people enter the home of the person, and he tries to take the easy way to beat himself. However, he fails several times, as he emerges himself in the jaw, in the eye, in the chest, in the neck, in the shoulder, shouting until he finally dies. This situation could be funnier had a similar situation did not occur in the "amazing Easter" two weeks ago. At the same time, a refugee member finds that because of the unplanned housing, the value of the property is closed, so the bank has set up its house, makes it a shelter. Randy once turns on it, holding the head of the man. When the person finally asks others for a few bucks to help him, Randy trigger the trigger. At Evergreen, the boys find that the city's citizens sent out homeless to South Park, and that the passing of homeless people from town to town occurs throughout the country. The boys adjust the bus which leads to homeless in the South and takes all their way to Santa Monica, California. The image of a zombie film with big lines of Randy Marsh makes this look again. 8/10
