"Why did they make it so big? Why didn't they give money to the poor?" The question about churches was asked by Mr. Harvey during a school trip to Shedbury. "That is a good question," he replied. "To motivate them - make them look up and scared." I don't know that churches have an impact on everyone, but in fact this film had a similar effect on me. It was amazing! <br /> <br /> Didn't start that way. For a time it seemed to be a little more than a - well - a school trip to the Salisbury Church. If you have been on a high school field trip to anywhere this is basically. You have a group of many unhappy children who are happy to be out of school one day, a bus driver who is run by things and other teachers are working hard to keep them under control. You were there, you did, I got a shirt-shirt was my original answer. I thought this would eventually be a common story of a teacher who can encourage a group of unwanted students. PIGA DO YOU! But it turns out to be very much! Timothy Spall was as smart as Mr. Harvey - very careful, uncomfortable teacher and wonderful wonder for churches. In addition to the motion of the movie, his story comes slowly and becomes the essence of the story. We are also presented to the uncomfortable students - especially Helen, also played for beauty by Nathalie Press, who isolates herself. This is not a religious movie, but it includes a strong reflection on religious themes. When Harvey's colleague of the Jonathon (played by Ben Miles) says "I don't care what anyone believes for as long as he does not try to force anyone else" Harvey responds, "that's not patience - it's apathy!" - in fact (in my opinion) how often it passes through religious tolerance in our society. There are incidents of reconciliation between different characters, and the last movie's movie was brilliant. Harvey riding back then, the director Susanna White has a slower cameras faster, so that the last shot is just the atmosphere - to hear Harvey's view that the main purpose of the main church is to make people look. The main church makes its purpose. We look up in the world for fear, seeking something greater than ourselves, yet we choose to define. This is a powerful and very exciting movie. 9/10
