Match 1: The Bubba Ray Team Match and Spike Dudley vs. Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley started items with the Tag Tag Match against Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit. According to the rules of the match, all opponents should go through the table to gain victory. Benoit and Guerrero were shocked early to turn and beat the first spear and then Bubba Ray. The German slicker and Benoit to Bubba took the wind out of Dudley's brothers. Spike tried to help his brother, but the judge prevented Benoit and Guerrero as they hit the corner. For Benoit when he went to Bubba, Guerrero laid out the table. The pastor went into the ring and stood on the top rope on Guerrero out! After retrieving and caring for Spike, Guerrero threw the table into the ring and helped Wolverine put it. The head was then placed for a double superplex from the central string which could put Bubba through the table, but Spike knocked the table on the right before his brother came down! Guerrero and Benoit made another table on the corner and tried the Irish Whip Caller through it, but Bubba came in and prevented his brother. Bubba hit the fire and raised all the opponents in the body drops back! Bubba gave Guerrero and sauce over the Wolverine from the top rope. Bubba made Benoit on the bay to Spike to go to Wassup! headbutt! Shortly after, Benoit struck Pastor at Crossface, but the match continued even after Spike was beaten. Bubba came to rescue her brother and manage to seize Benoit on the table. Bubba jump from the central rope, but Benoit moved and sent Bubba moving through the trees! But because his opponents did not force him through the table, Bubba was allowed to stay in the match. The first person was recently removed, however, as Pastor put Eddie through the table with Dudley Dawg from the apron of the ring and out! Benoit has put the Pastor through the time of the future table even logo. In the second half, Bubba scored Bubba striker Benoit through the table and gave Dudleys win! Winner: Bubba Ray and Pastor Dudley Match 2: Championship champion Jamie Noble vs Billy Kidman Billy Kidman urged Jamie Noble, who brought Nidia to the ring, for the Cruiserweight championship. Good and Kidman were locked up and fell on the ring, but they went back in and they won more. When Kidman had stepped out of all the stages of Alama, Mr. Good ran out of the ring where Nidia encouraged him. The fighting spread out the ring and Noble took his girlfriend into the opponent. Kidman drove Nidia aside but was taken down by a modified bar. Noble continued attacking Kidman's arm in the ring. Kidman's injuries prevented his mistake, but he continued to fight hard. Mr. tried to put Kidman away from the powerbomb but the competitor appeared on the face of the face. Kidman went to finish the items with Shooting Star Press, but Noble broke the quiz. Kidman went again for Shooting Star Press again, but this time Noble left out of the way of harm. Good beat Kidman into a powerful bomb after a recent and get the pins to maintain his WWE Cruiserweight championship! Winner: Jamie Noble Match 3: European Championship William Regal vs Jeff Hardy William Regal took Jeff Hardy next to attempt to win the European Championship. Jeff was hit by Regal on the top rope and then took him down the hurracanrana off the ring of the ring. To return to the ring, Jeff hit Whisper in the wind and hit Regal for a loop. Jeff went to the Swanton Bomb, but Regal kneeled down to hit Jeff with a destructive shot. Jeff was able to awesome Regal and rollup quickly though and get pin to keep the European Championship! Regal began walking to see Hardy to celebrate on his way back on the road. Winner: Jeff Hardy Match 4: Chris Jericho vs John Cena Chris Jericho promised to finish John Cena's career in their retaliatory match, which came next. Jerco tried to teach Cena the lesson if their match started to encourage him in bed. Jerco kept knocking Cena around the ring until his craft was better. When he was on the top rope, Jericho began to show and allow Cena to catch him with superplex! Cena followed by a slam of tilt-whirl but it has been taken down with a bad tone for the gut. Rookie was found and hit the stomach with stomach stomach but could not stop Y2J. The table launched into Lionsault but Cena made the move. Jeriko was suspended bulldog and then connected to Lionsault, but he did not go to the lid. He caught Cena on his feet so that he could wear the walls of Jericho. Cena had other ideas, turning move in a secret attempt to get 1-2-3! Jeriko went to berserk after the match. Winner: John Cena Match 5: Championship InterContinental RVD vs Brock Lesnar through the absence The Big Big Next and Mr. Pay-Per-View tangled by the InterContinental Championship on the line. Brock took his head from the ref and drew on his shoulder shortly while with RVD. Van Dam's hurry gave Brock success soon. The adult rose out of the ring and chose the iron stages due to confusion. Brock drew himself and started taking charge. And Paul Heyman screamed, Brock finished RVD on a hard floor outside the ring. From there, Brock began to reinforce RVD, throwing it on the top rope. RVD declined to the back of his back, and it became a problem due to his back spinning against metal ring action. The fighting returned to the ring and Brock to remove the RVD close to the number. RVD broke off immediately after telling Brock and kick to the temple. RVD followed by Thunder Rolling but Brock managed to run after the two count. The fight seemed like it could be more after RVD went to Splash Five-Star Splash. Brock, though, raised Van Dam on his shoulder and went to F-5, but the RVD struck Brock into DDT and followed by Splash Frog! She went to the pins, but Heyman handled the ref from the ring! Ref immediately calls for deletion and soon closed with Heyman! Later, RVD walks on Brock from the top rope and then threatened to hit Van Terminator! Heyman got the RVD leg and Brock took the field and this time he was connected to F-5 on the steel seat! The winner: RVD <br /> Match 6: The Book of Book and the Big Show T is experiencing a great show for each other. Show rejection of the Booker T and punches with the booker hit on the corner. After being thrown from the ring, Booker took a seat in the ringside, but Big Show struck again in the face Booker. Booker tried to return to the game by hitting. Show for camera camera on the ringside. Booker struck a TV player from the Spanish advertisers' position on the Show Skull, and then kick a kick scissors that puts all men through the table! The book moved back to the ring and showed Great for a while later. Show the Booker throat but you met a small blow and kick to the face. Booker climbed the top rope and baptized a drop of somersaulting foot to get a pin! Conqueror: Book T / H: Third Party: H has entered the ring for the ovation of the thunder as the fans expected to learn where the game ends competing. Before speaking, Eric Bishoff stopped the game to apologize for his involvement in his private business. If Triple H was signed by RAW, Bischoff promised that his personal life will not be mentioned again. Bischoff said he used two years ago in Hollywood. He said everyone was looking for a revival of WWE Superstar, and they were all talking about Triple H. Bischoff ensured that if Triple H was signed by RAW, he would be getting higher incoming opportunities. Stephanie McMahon emerged to give her own place. He said that because of his personal history and Triple H, two of them know very well. He said the two were once unable to defeat and they could be again. Bischoff cut off and asked him to stop. Stephanie cited that Triple H once told how Bischoff said Triple H had no talent and no charisma. Bischoff said he was young at the time and did not know what he had, but he still has more experience than Stephanie. The two continued to attack and return, until Triple H was promoted by his microphone. The game said that easy to say "screw you" to either one of them. Triple H went to separate the hand of Bischoff, but pulled it. He said he would like to go with the devil who knows, rather than a stranger. Before he could go further, however, Shawn Michaels went out to shake things. HBK said the last thing he wanted to do was any problem. He did not want to participate, but remembered the promise to bring Triple H to Hoo. HBK said no one in the world that Triple H is the best friends. HBK told his friend to think of both of them again, making the life of Bischoff being a living hell. Triple H said that it was a terrible offer. Then he turned to HBK hug, doing an official switch to the RAW! H three and HBK left, and Bischoff thanked him for his victory. Bischoff said the difference between the two is that he has a cotton and he does not. Stephanie beat Bischoff on the head and left! Match 7: Match Christian Christian Championship and Lance Storm against Hollywood Hogan and Edge Match started with a loud "USA" and Hogan's hogan music tracks through the string and out of the ring. The Canadian took from there. But Edge scored a Christian head kick and climbed a facebuster in the storm to get a hint for Hogan. Hogan began to Hulk up and soon caught a Christian with a big boot and a foot drop! The storm broke the calculation and the Christian was hogan from the ring where the storm had taken the icon. Edge has recently published and dropped all opponents. He beat both into the toes of the corner, but they missed a spear on Strom and hit hit hard. The wind rose DDT, but the ref was down and could not count. The test ran down and was captured by Hogan and then hit Edge and boot. The storm tried to find the pin, but Edge ran after two. Riksihi struggled to resist the Test, allowing Edge to restore and Speech Storm. The Christian bothered the ref, though, and Y2J struck into and hitting the Edge race with the Team Championship! The storm rose up and got a winning pinfall to win the title! Winners and Team Championships: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> Match 8: WWE Competition Three Trials Match Three. Rock vs Angle Angle and Undertaker Three of the most successful WWE superstars have been held against the Third Threat and the Undisputed Championship championship in balance. Taking and Rock became a face with face and Kurt Angle apply for some attention away. He cared about how to beat the other two people. Recently, Taker poured out the ring with the Rock fighting with the Angle. Angle gave a series of suplex that took the Rock, but One Great explained and DDT could count two. The fighting continued out of the ring with Taker coming to life and wearing the Angle and constantly smacking Rock. Take with the Rock entered into the ring, and the Taker left the Rock through the slam road to get two accounts. The rock was attacked, took the Captain's throat and throat and stirred him! Angle broke a secret attempt that would probably have given Rock title. Rock revenges for the lock of the ankle for Kurt Angle. Angle restrained the move by Rock Bottomed Champion People. Soon after, The Rock has been sent by the Angle and hit the Elbow of People on the Undertaker. Angle tried to take advantage by stopping the Great Person out of the ring and covering the Taker, who fled after counting two. Out of the ring, Rock took a big swig from a water bottle around and cut the liquid on the face of the taker to pass the champion. The assistant did not stay with the disabled for a long time, and he was able to conquer the Rock and turn to the Angle. The farmer laid the foot of the guillotine on the Angle, putting the apron of the ring. Rock took it up to the time of breaking the secret attempt at Kurt Angle. Use the Nail Rock and DDT and find him with chokeslam. Angle tried to sprinkle with the metal chair, but Taker was arrested on the vegetables and beat it from his hands. The judge was arrested in the next fire and did not see the Angle walking Taker silently and the chairman of the metal. Angle went to Taker as Rock declined, but Man Necklace got his shoulder. Angle tried to beat the Rock, but he also ran. Rock rose and entered the Angle in sharpshooter! The angle seemed as if he was about to hit them, but Taker chose Rock out of hold hold. The student took the Rock and hit him with the last Ride. When the dead man covered him to win, Angle rushed and took Taker up in the foot lock! The assistant went to the pain, but he was able to cope. He chose Angle for the last trip, but Angle set the triangle! It seemed like a taker was almost walking, but the Rock broke the Angle to hold just to find himself caught in the ankle lock. Rock came out and looked at the Angle of Chokeslam Angle. Rocky hit Rock Bottom, but Taker refused to go down and run out. Angle screamed Take up to the Angle Slam but it was a raised Rock and One Great and was beaten! Winner and New Player WWE: Rock <br /> ~ Finally there's a good PPV! Recently PPV was not very good, but this was the winner. I give this PPV this / <br />
