I have seen a lot of PPV in the past but this is PPV more than entertainment, intense and more complete DVD I've ever seen. The additional DVD is worth because they offer different views of how wrestlers act after the show (like chris benoit interview / interview), some see in the night of Monday's Wars, the first match of Hogan to win a gold tag with other promotional discussions. Additionally there is a good music video. Team Team Tag: Bubby Ray Match and Spike Dudley vs Eddie Guerro and Chris benoit 7/10 This was a very good match to start the show. Not many have just a fresh raw physics. The pastor can hold himself in table matches and Guerro and Benoit provided a good fight against mat. WWE Crusierweight: Jamie Noble w / Nidia v Billy Kidman 3/10 The crowd did not care about wrestler or did not get interested until Kidman made a shot star. People usually expect to jump on the weight of the cruiser's weight, but this was very little. In fact it was so bad that when Noble was finished, nobody even cared about or knew (you could say for lack of cameras). The end was fast, however. WWE European Championship: Jeff Hard v. William Regal 5/10 I have never loved regal as a wrestler, he has no power and fashion. Hardy was surprising but certainly did not have the opportunity to show his high-flying act, although he still made a good figure and added that it requires fast speed in the match. It was fast expedition which was perfect for this match. John Cena v. Chris Jericho 6/10 It's funny to look back at the CVP's ​​first PPV, how he used to act, how he was wearing a dress, and how he was looking to look (check his interview, it's pretty funny). This was a very good match with Cena depicting a beautiful variety of artifacts, suplexes, counters and some atmosphere. Jericho was small but helped Cena to launch her work. Cena Success. WWE Intercontenital Competition: RVD v. Brock Lesnar 8/10 This was a very powerful and beautiful match. All styles of wrestlers actually matched well well on the screen, with strong power brocks and raw energy vs RVDs skill perfect and fast. RVD seemed to be good in this match (better than his future matches with cena) and all the matches were fast. The latter worked perfectly because it is still protecting the Brock deficiency layer while giving its only RVD dessert in its home environment. <br /> <br /> 6. No defeat game: Book of Book T v. Big Show 7/10 Another strong match that did not have a certain level like RVD match but still monitors well. Although it started kinda slowly (which is always with a big show) T book was surprising and made the patient move on the table of advertisers. It was an astonishing event, the end was very sad for the immigration of the Book Book. <br /> 7. WWE Team Championship: Hogan and Edge v. Christian and Lance Storm 5/10 This was a political match. Hogan comes as usual for a big pop but its many stages are not strong and strong. Then again the Christian does not particularly have the ability to games for himself. This ended the prestigious best but still the same for PPV. It is a three-time contest with an unfair championship: 10/10. Rock v. Undertaker v. Kurt Angle. <br /> <br /> Easily match the year. This is the best match of the three threats I've ever seen. It had a close climax, many of the finished, finished stolen, raw energy, speed and speed speed. No one can predict who will come from this. If you are going to buy this DVD I would sell it strictly to this match. (finish? see yourself!) <br /> <br /> Overall this was a strong PPV and a lot of additional channels to check you regularly. Although this is difficult to find (I had to pay a little more common to this DVD) it's definitely worth your money.
