He does not know whether this has any perpetrators or not, but I do not want the risk of being left until the year 3462. I disagree with the views of viewers who have described * Guns, Diseases and Steel * as “correct political” and “neo-Marxist.” They cannot see the same series * I * did. The * series * I * watched the history of European colonialism in America and southern Africa without certain precision. I did not see anything in the series which showed the Europeans as bad people who came out of fortune, although Europeans often were * and lucky - and nothing wrong with luck. And I have never seen natural people being shown as poor people. If anything, Inca was more proud - if you could expect any leader to deal with foreigners, if his country did not conquer them in memory of any life and power of the world. I do not see anything that can be called Marxist or Neo-Marxist, except for extraordinary ideas. Otherwise, many African people * have * immunity to malaria and other tropical diseases that Europeans do not have. When they had the height of their success, the Aztec civilization, Maya and Inca * were * higher than the rest of the world - and as rich; sometimes more. The native Americans and Khoi-San * had been reduced by flu and other diseases brought by Europeans; as European colonies were destroyed by tropical diseases like malaria. (NOTE: The Khoi-San people are quite different from other sub-Saharan people.) So, I don't see what some other investigators are complaining. The only thing * I * can get to complain is that the series doesn't know anything that I didn't know when I finished the seventh grade. There is nothing new in the way of historical information in this film. However, it provides a good performance of events, such as the Incas victory; production standards are very high; and it fills a few holes here and there that were not covered in the Sixth-hour Social Studies of Milan School. If you rent or buy this, you think you had a basic education and / or secondary, you could not learn anything new, but you would have fun and leisure time looking at what you learned (or should learn) when fasting high school.
