Many people know how it feels when a loved one is lost. Feelings of pain, sadness and sadness may fail. However, sometimes it is a memory that they leave behind that causes sad feelings. This theme is featured in the 'Tulip' film, led by the Australian award winner, Rachel Griffths. It has been described as' a lot of memory 'as it relates to love', a string of understanding and feeling is a skill closed in this 15-minute win-win film / 'Tulip' is a good job, touch with a hot story of A man's journey by discussing and losing to his wife through the relationship he lives with a very specific animal, 'Tulip'. The movie opens with the dawn of the morning, run by airplane and enormous environments, establishing a sense of rustic harmony in the film. The soft music, symbolizing Ruth's door (Jean Bain). She wears a dress and apron with a sunny head on her head. He gently gives Tulip, emphasizing his ears and choosing him. House furniture is amazing and the attention of the details is credit (vase of tulips can be seen on the bench), showing the community of rural peace. What? (Charles 'Bud' Tingwell) honors Ruth while cutting the milk from the bucket. They drink milk and coffee together, a sign of corporate and team work. No word says but it is clear that their relationship is close and loving; they photograph full of fun. <br /> <br /> Sadly, happiness can not last forever. The decline of Ruth is greatly affected. The success area of ​​the search engines Is the isolation and risk at the end of the funeral day. Recently he enters the depression and feels his surroundings when everything seems desperate and lost. At Will's despair, Tulip becomes a sign of Ruth, a true relationship He will be with his late wife. It was through Tulip which will read to deal with the lack of Ruth and overcome the sad feelings of loneliness. Every one of the characters is true and solid is displayed, especially the Will. Charles 'Bud' Tingwell brings character to life through personal investment. The recent loss of his wife (Audrey Tingwell) has proved to be effective in his work. Each sag of his shoulder and everything on his face makes the viewer with a strong sense of behavior. Ruth's character has been remarkable for Jean Bain. Although Ruth did not say one word in the movies, her good personality and love relationship with It is obvious. Lois Ramsey and Central Edwards provide good performances in helping work like Margaret and Mary. It also enhances the humor of the trick in a fascinating story. <br /> <br /> Anecdote from children of Griffths, the story of losing and discovery appears amazing in 'Tulip'. You were shot very effectively, this film will surely make you a bad, victorious or feel like drinking a cup of milk.
