At the end of thirty years Warren Beatty was created with the Epic Plans on the introduction of the Soviet Union as seen through the iconoclast eyes of John Reed. It was a great fun movie and a message given by all the starred stars. At the end of ten years Warren Beatty created another type of epic in Dick Tracy which is not suitable for anything but entertainment and a whole group of best practitioners around to have a good age of reinforcing under tons of makeup. br /> <br /> That all Reds and Dick Tracy can come from one person that talks about a lot about this kind of person being a player. In this Beatty film has managed to find all the famous characters of the cartoon from the line and put them on one original screen. <br /> <br /> The capital of the capital Big Boy Caprice is making a move to overcome the competition. The film opens with him playing out of Manlis's Mouths at the shooting of fighters fighters and then Lipsi himself locked with concrete cement. But Caprice's actions make him a target of Tracy. At the same time a third secret and useless person is looking for Caprice himself. What? Our hero will come out of this crime bone? The enjoyable spirit of this film has actually infectious. When people like Al Pacino, Dustin Hoffman, Paul Sorvino, William Forsythe, R.G. Armstrong find themselves carefully looking like the cartoon characters of the player Chester Gould and then embarking on the exercise of the main piece of ham, you should love this film. Al Pacino got a choice for the Best Player of the Help, but any of these boys could have, just that Pacino as Big Boy Caprice gets the most screens. Beatty alone is exactly the same, all others seem to beat. Dick Tracy won Oscars for Best Art & Design Design, Best Song written by Stephen Sondheim and introduced by Madonna, Sooner Au Later. The fact he was able to find someone like Sondheim to write a logo for this film shows only Sondheim wanted to enter the fun. For Madonna, the girl's material is doing more independently and all the actions used as a club player Breathless Mahoney. <br /> Before this film, Dick Tracy films were sent to B pictures and worse as Saturday afternoon. The only thing that contradicts all star stars is the radio broadcast that has been done by the Military Military Club during World War II which reached vinyl. What? Do you believe the cast as Bing Crosby, Bob Hope, Frank Sinatra, Dinah Shore, Jimmy Durante, Judy Garland, Frank Morgan, and Sisters of Andrews? Try and get the recording of that gem. <br /> <br /> Until then the comic color of Warren Beatty for a big screen will do well.
