I read a few reviews of this television film which they all said that the film has accused it for a long time and that it was basically just a sense of excitement. I agree that perhaps, the film goes too long (2:30 can be enough ...) but I really don't think it feels feeling. Jim Jones' expanding the strength of the trip and the slow destruction of mental illness, paranoia and drug abuse have never been stolen by means of voyeuristic. The movie takes its time in showing how Jones recruited supporters (Brenda Vaccaro and Brad Dourif character is standing out in the matter) but also in looking at a quiet change in Jones' view of reality. It is a mind-shivering to see the left preacher, the left and sympathetic leader to be the judge of the destruction and the cruel. Perhaps the movie does not explore enough Jones's incentives, which can cause any little problem on a regular (it may have to do with control too ...) But the Boothe Force of mesmerizing performance makes it all completed. I don't know the details of the real life of Jim Jones, but Boothe really makes a monster reliable and true. The movie has many powerful events, among them the sermons of Jones's preaching, Jones meeting with the Divine Father (wonderful James Earl Jones), a visit to Congress Ryan Today (Ned Beatty) Guyana's camp and of course, injured. It is very difficult to watch and Boothe is very cautious at the end time. Madge Sinclair shines in this area as one of a sudden follower, and so Veronica Cartwright (as Jones's wife) and Brad Dourif, especially when they come to drink potion of murder. The close end of this area, the right direction and the different beauty of the natural environment works by making those images impossible to erase someone's thoughts. Fearful thinking about human nature and its weaknesses. It is worth checking, if you just remember one of the terrible events of the 20th century. You must not be allowed again. Like, surprisingly, the writing of Jim Jones camp: "Those who do not know the past are obliged to repeat".
