"The hunter of Sasquatch" was really not as bad as I thought. SPOILERS ** <br /> <br /> Walking through the forest, Park Rangers Charles Landon, (Kevin O'Connor Roger Gordon, (Matt Latimore) Brian Stratton (David Zelina) Spencer Combs , (Rick Holland) and her sister Janet, (Stacey Branscombe) stand by Dr Helen Gilbert, (Amy Shelton-White) her master Dr Ethan Edwards, (Gary Sturm) and assistant Louise Keaton, (Juliana Dever) to find the known bones found When they complete the camp, the team finds a huge burial ground with the most extraordinary bones that scatter the area. When group members begin to disappear, they start walking through the trees to safety. together to live. \ tThis news is not as bad as I thought it would be. Modern actually begins to take some steam close to half of the way, when the attack of the creatures. The whole is experiencing an attack i have a creature, and the bravery at all times to play out is very high. The forest area is very useful during these areas, strengthening the tension and asking yourself when one person walking around the forest will come. It also spreads fully through the movie is the use of the far-off blow and the screens which are actually non-world. In fact they add a lot to make this part exciting, as well as sometimes a sad voice sounds. It works best, and works well. It is very good that the future part of the film takes the speed, as it comes out very well on the details of the action. One particular place I see is that it must show that it is a specific area in the first look. If a man who walks through a forest from a creature, he sees a journey that has gone to look for it. Raising his hands to ask for help, the second may declare his presence is he attacked out and killed very quickly. It got me in amazement and it really gave me a little jump on the first look. Good News: There were just a few things to complain about here, and one is a common complaint. The creature here is used by a terrible CGI, which has made him very embarrassed and destroys any trust that may ever exist. The risk of the closure and the opening of the film is almost blown out the window when the screen appears on the screen. It is interesting that it is a little embarrassing job not put into it. I have complained about this, and it is something that needs to be perfected, because it does not seem to be true and is completely false. Another great bigger is the immunity it kills here. Very often in the film is someone who has caught and then left, and then looking for a body of blood after that. It completely affects when you kill a beautiful and juicy look later. Otherwise, I do not have many problems with this, as everything that is commonly known about this did not bother me, but it is called to others over these things. The Final Decision: I liked this, but it's still not the best movie of Sasquatch ever. It should not be taken lightly, and if it is viewed in that way, it is really not worth it. Fans of these films should give this, and those like Sci-Fi Creature Features can find good things here too. <br /> <br /> Rated R: Graphic Language, Violence and some images of images
