Time for rant, eh: I thought the Spirit was a great movie to watch. However, there were a few things that stood up from a maximum of 6 or 7 (I am very little generous with 7). Number # 1: Matt Damon exceeds me. I was thinking, 'What sound was dicky given to the main character,' when I first heard him - and then crossed Matt Damon. This person is very hurt - its performance in "The Departed" was horrible and the destruction of the film to me (before the movie had an opportunity to destroy itself, but that is another story at another time), like the "Spirit". adopt this truth because of the little preaching there is actually ... thanks to. <br /> <br /> Step 2: Brian Adams follows… all the score was awesome ... songs were unoriginal, generic, and failure not once I got music to match, and the lyrics were bad.Every time one of the lame songs came, I was extinguished. The world-shocking worlds that have played on the radio always after 9/11) Based on the American nature of the film, they should have gone with the right music to use the right instruments, not the least of radio-hit, he has, a 14-year-old girl. I thought I returned to junior high school. I can't believe no good could be done - I refuse. If it was not available for this, I would like to make more movies with Disney, which knows something or two about nature (ok, don't bother to say what I know some of you probably think;). Still, it's a shame they could not employ the best musicians. I love art and animation, except for certain things here and there ... as sometimes horns are very bright on the face and lines are also thick or dark on the body (thick / dark lines close to end). There were many times when I thought that - they had tried so much — on the face and face of the face and failed to draw any real feeling. But there were also times when the feeling was prevalent. However, many events were lazy and layers appeared. Well, I fall asleep here so I can count them before I start to make sense ... <br /> <br /> Try it on the epic film ... it was amazing however. Matt Damon, you win!
