Spirit: The Stallion of Cimarron is the most amazing movie. The combination of animation types is unique, the storyline is amazing, and the music is amazing. <br /> <br /> Excluded animation is a special thing about multiple animations. How they showed the characters, especially the horse, through their animation is especially amazing. While horse rides are communicating through body language it is easy to understand, many young children and people who have not learned horses can understand. Without words, I would think it would be difficult to trace through the elements. Because of this, I understand the 'eye' they have added to the horse (when the real horse does not have many lines). One of the few things I have seen about the horse's behavior that might have been wonderfully shown is that the Spirit leads the mother of her mother. In the wild horses of the wild, the stallion of the bullet drives the young outdoors. Also, when other people may think to show white officers as 'bad men' are voting, consider all the movies in which American Americans have been shown like that. Sometimes back; They made great crops. For example, in the real history, the reproduction of the Appaloosa was almost canceled because of the army officers. Think of what happened to one of the most popular countries who raised livestock if Americans did not save them. I think it's strange how that originality was not removed by making horses talking to each other. The Spirit's feelings were shown with a little explanation, but more through music (and Bryan Adams). The songs tell the story well, and Hans Zimmer and Bryan Adams did their best to tell stories through songs and lyrics. The feeling I got when watching the film, like the first or twenty (yes, I looked at it), you can't believe it. Some events take your breath away, while others seem to shed tears. The sequence of the opening, shows the world of the Spirit, puts you at an amazing point immediately. I don't really understand why some people hate this brilliant film. In general, I weigh 10/10 - you must look.
