I recently watched the Spirit and was so happy, I saw it 4 times right now in HBO and I can buy a DVD. Those who gave bad reviews perhaps think that 'Point of Point' was just another vehicle tracking film and 'Thelma & Louise' was just another flick. Although the conclusions of these films are dark I do not feel the theme is related to a certain amount; that freedom and selfishness are very important and that there is usually someone who wants to take you away from you. Another common characteristic of these movies is a kind of caring, which thinks 'guardian angel' that helps the main characters to overcome the difficulty. Another view here describes how this film relates to the head of civilization that invades someone else at home. All he needs to do is look around in the open areas near us to see it. <br /> <br /> I thought animation and stories were amazing, the animators got a horse to watch, act and move normally. The feelings of the Spirit were very clear as the story continued (I know they are making a little horse, but this is a lie). In several cases of action you feel found in the current rapids and heat from forest fires. In other more quiet scenes (which is a lot of time) you are allowed to enjoy nature. One of the great things that the story works is for lack of going to talk, singing animals the way. Doing so will remove the power of the story. Instead the storytelling is told by regular notes and the main character, the more punch is added to the amazing sound. Another community is that they were not afraid to give a certain story of the dark side (which actually made this film look to me). This has not spread through the entire movie though, and the conclusion is similar to tightening without being sappy. Those who enjoy the horse will be like this film, but I think it's a bit better than a movie horse. I don't feel this will be a good movie to pick up children if it brings up the price of the eight offered today. But if it is a kind of thinking that can handle relevant stories like Lord of Rings and Black Beauty will be able to love this movie. Hell, I'm 35 years old and now love those things.
