Sometimes at the end of the 19th century, somewhere in the West, some cowboys need money to go hunting pigs. The group leader believes that the buffalo is too much for hunting to have any effect, but the most experienced hunter has seen how the population could fall quickly, and he is not sure. Together with cattle animals living in South Dakota and showing a true hunting film (the introduction of a film tells you if you need to crush a cow), the movie has a good job to show us with a buffalo problem and its impact on Americans without ever getting information about it. The true story, however, is about a unemployed family designed by a small group created to do hunting. The father figure is Charlie, a violent man with a short fuse. Sand, "his brother", is a skilled hunter who is tired of murder but needs to work after losing his cattle. A half-Hindi teenager, who hates the fact that he looks quite Caucasia, takes over the adopted child. Grandpa (and a condom condom) is a buffalo of leather; Charlie's "wife" is a Indian woman whose friends killed her after stealing her horse. <br /> <br /> Charlie is clearly the most interesting figure. He means and insults everyone around him, but at the same time he knows it is the only family and friends he has. He expects Indian women who robbers to hate him, then accept him, but he does not know how to respond when he refuses to do. He is the one who put the family together for the first time, but he was also beaten and eventually destroyed it. It is all the same as the "Red River" of the common, which also has a reputation for the breed family and the increasingly aggressive father figure. As one can expect, this film is facing a comparison. The plan does not focus on developing the characters and family dynamics, and the trend cannot set out all the working conditions for this common purpose. Charlie is not known since the beginning that we have no reason to care about what is happening to him or his family. On the positive side, however, the message around the slaughter of the buffalo adds more focus to the film and its conclusion is far more than the end of Hollywood which took place at the end of the "Red River". As a result, "Last Watch" is an interesting and entertaining film, well done, but it was not available for what is needed to look at it as normal.
