One of the more than 80 years of bandster films, Scarface is a great film of its time. The first thing you look at when you watch this film is that it is your shouting, 'it was done in 1983'. Dress, music and sound, hairstyles, you have no mistakes on this is all the film about crime in the 80 years and when it should be very serious it does not. This is still a very good film. While the music of Georgio Moroder has shown a little fair, it still congratulates the Tony Montana story well due to the beautiful screens of Oliver Stone and the first class of Brian De Palma's class, one of the two films he has made with Pacino (the other being the Carlito's Wonderful Way ). The rest of De Palma here; A strong language, gender-based violence (more than in the future), a stylish bonus like small pieces of set and of course the work of stylish cameras. <br /> <br /> Pacino controls the film and I mean that it is real. He is the famous star of this film. His high performance, this is one of these films was Pacino does not say much of his verses as he calls them, this time and the top talent of Cuban. However, this is Pacino and does fantastically. It just could go too far and still comes from the film and its fulfillment of the act of courage. While others may complain about his voice line and above all, this is a lot of films. Check out the production structure of Tony's house, look at the violence in this film. The chainsaw event is brutal cruelty and their blood everywhere. At the end of the shot you have fallen bodies that are more than Schwarzenegger and Stallone in Rambo films. Check out the amount of coke shown on the film so the performance of Pacino I think is perfect for the film. He is assisted by administrators who are more likely to say their line in a more controlled way. Steven Bauer, in particular, as Manny, a good friend of Tony, is a stand out of support. Its performance is controlled by stability in the form of De Niro is amazing how he finished doing directly on the video video. Michelle Pfeiffer, of course, adds laughter, Robert Loggia adds gravitas as usual to Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio blows first as Tony's sister. Of course this is not more than just a top film. There are more than drugs, violence, chainsaw attacks and big bullets out. This is a film about the dark side of American dream. In many ways it puts on parallel with the Godfather movies. Tony finds himself coming to America, getting all of it, living a dream of the United States and then losing it all in a violent manner, and saying he has lost everything, meaning he has lost all. He kills his best friend, his sister is killed, his kingdom burst, literally, close to him and over him he has been killed in his own house, shot through him. <br /> <br /> Scarface's course is one of the most important early 80s films. Indeed, it is not a fictional film of the Godfather, but this is still a good film and one that should go again and again.
