I had the opportunity to look at the Scarface on the big screen and its well printed 35mm in honor of the 20th anniversary of the film release. It was good to see this on a large screen as largely lost on television sets and the total of this project cannot be stressed enough. Scarface is a remake of pride bags for the richness of the deep story of hell with Al Pacino as the drug manager of Cuba Tony Montana. In this edition, Tony comes to America during a wave of immigrants to Cuba in the late 1970s, early 1980s. Tony and his associates quickly got a green card by providing political statistics in the City of Tent and after staying for a short time in Cuba's restaurant; Tony is launched on his horrible way towards total destruction. Most of the characters in this film played in such an interesting way of watching the memory of this film over the past twenty years. Robert Loggia as Tony's administrator, Frank Lopez is amazing. Her character is losing to having great faith, and as Tony quickly clarifies, soft. Lopez's hand, Omar Suarez is shown by one of our greatest actors, F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus.) Suarez is the last toady and will do anything to Frank; it's like he doesn't have his own ideas. Tony quickly finds this and he always battle with Suarez, but actually only sees him as a small problem to get through his way up. The behavior that always returns to me as fully played is Mel Bernstein, the detective of Miami Narcotics conducted by Harris Yulin (Training Day). He plays Tony away from Frank until he takes him to the scene that shows from Frank and Mel's film. It is very important to hear Frank asking Mel, if Tony wants to kill him just to hear Mel answer, 'It's your tree Frank, sitting in it. 'This is from someone who Frank was paying for protection! <br /> <br /> Tony's rise is meteoric and is just the same as the speed and power for its rapid and burn accident. After he took Frank and took his wife to the business of Tony's greed and he could not seem to have enough. If Tony enters into the world of drugs, greed and inability to trust him finally kills his best friend and his sister who has come down in love and marriage. All of this puts an end to Tony's compound facing the army from its supplier who feels that he has been persecuted because Tony did not want to be killed in politics that ordered him. All of this creates a time of mercy when Tony refused to become an assistant in the murder that would have involved the wife and children of the victim. All over this is a great example of 80 years of additional culture and cocaine. DePalma is doing a good job of making it all together in one of the fastest-time movies around the world. Violence is a very graphic and has a few scenes that will be created forever with any mind of the audience, especially a series of visible shock chains, two plain open forces and a full bloody head. This is a highly proposed film designed for stylistically which is not for squeamish, or for those who need the end of upbeat and potential sequels; DePalma allow all to fly here.
