"Classic is something that everyone wants to read but nobody wants to read. Classic is also something that everyone glorifies but nobody has read." -Mark Twain is a word used to describe "Scarface", the 1983 film of Brian DePalma about courage, surrender, desire, and danger between the ring of Florida. People and critics (and remind them of it) see this film 'group of fake' or 'eptiome of gangster films.' When it's nothing but. It is characterized by all the wrong reasons. Scarface is a strong film that deserves praise from everywhere, but not all of the features that it derives from viewers today, and therefore good points that make it so offensive to the general public. First, the film is about Cuban refugees, and behind the want to avoid communism to grasp and find happiness. Easy? Yes. But the class of De Palma's leadership, and the great story written by Oliver Stone (yes I know, he wrote really nice here) to play in all. All actors are looking for escape, if escape is a natural feature taken by the film for all. Each character has something to offer, which enables them to be interested in everyone who can understand this film. They have been included in the world of mystique and money, but all that has a price, as they all learn. Everyone thinks they have a better chance in life, when they have a real sense of truth, they are actually getting worse. The 'problem' would be the best word to describe this film. All celebrating the film for its use of drugs, is violence, is a conversation, missed entirely uncertain. There is nothing really positive about the film instead of the positive prospects of their own. And that's why the film works well. Destruction through the film serves a video message, not to look cool or attract viewers. Brian De Palma does not make movies for cult groups, or fans of brain movements. <br /> <br /> Then, the film is an adult festival. It's not 'gangster film'. It has a part of the action, but the action is carefully planned, so it is sure. It's not like "Guests" - a typical movie animation, and many listeners see this film as a big gangster group about making drugs and shooting people. Dealers. Hogwash. If this film is about it, then it's about how bad. Not promoting. <br /> <br /> This is said, the film is really a great film. It has great movies that connects you to the story. It has a very large mark (in realistic style of Giorgio Moroder), which can give you a growth, or bring you tears. The film is long, but it's a story, and every time it counts. Acting is severe. Al Pacino - said enough. He can do whatever he puts on his mind, and this was not different. Good boy Steven Bauer, like Manny. I didn't think much in the other films he did, but actually makes you like him when he goes under the direction of Maestro De Palma. Michelle Pfeiffer is a real gem like Elvira. Popping 'clean up the heels of a kind of shy in the “Grease 2” he got his ticket to make a holding and holds the performance of the beauty which is more than meet the eye. But the three real diamonds in this quarrel are Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio as Tony Gina's sister, who hears, or cries, we see her soul and her new way of living, and looking at it perish; Paul Shenar as Alejandro Sosa, the master of the drug, who runs more than a river, and Shenar shows like that; and Miriam Colom as the mother of Tony and Gina. These three digging film as deep as it can go. This reviewer learned one great thing during watching "Scarface" for the first time. Always go to an unpopular film. All the shapes and films of this film cannot prepare you for what you see. Just knowing De Palma (as I am) can give you even a picture of this film. So do not ignore the rap, do not overlook the intellectual followers, and keep the Bailey mirror on the rocks, and defend yourself with the emotional attitude of the beautiful film, "Scarface" real.
