He knows when someone looks at Brian DePalma's film today, I'm sure there is a problem of resistance on how it dated. Also, about violence. When I watched this film on VHS when I was 20, I thought it was violence and violence too. But I did not get 'it'. <br /> <br /> A few decades goes with someone, how I know how much I get this film! This is a remake of the best film made after 30/40 years. How can you improve on the classic? Of course not. But you say a story that has been written so far with the eyes of "new migrants" during the ten years of excessive extortion, more than 80 forcing. DePalma, Stone and the group present a good film, disturbing and doing it well. .... Disco died and the New Wave / Punk took but the migrants from Cuba had to make a new home in Florida could not specify. It was exciting, so they wanted but how to get it? For these immigrants, there was only one way to find them in Florida where they were... With a lot of money and getting money, you should take control of drug administration. <br /> <br /> Al Pacino was good to me as Tony Montana, "a little train that could". What a wonderful way to have your leading attitude to watch America: fight, kill, steal. lie, cheat all to get - "money, women and power." That is what Tony saw as a dream of America. He wanted, he wanted to live and in his circle he did not see anything wrong with how he went to get it. Tony Montana's command for English was full of the word "f" but what did you expect, Emily Post to finish her school with her partner? See how they went into America, they knowed, what they knew. This is what Tony and his staff have chosen to be "all that can be American." It was about power. Tony Montana would have done anything to achieve it ... it's all his violence, lies, stealing, misleading, hitting glory. <br /> <br /> The part of the film that took place in the 1980s of me, is a dirty money. Tony's employees bring the bags of drugs to the bank. What? Those around Tony and his employees? In the club where he used to drink? Don't. Money was money and money, you get power. Tony was living on a pig. She and her beautiful trophies of gold gold married well with Michelle Pfieffer. After the rise of Tony Montana, he sees out of his trick there. He was filled with doubt, he is a drug addict, he is paranoid, he is surrounded by those who want to take him in the blood to take, on his 80 trophies of American spray blonde wife he saw it is bearing, he needs to keep atop of his kingdom because. .. she goes down. And down he goes into a terrible style, but again I ask, what do you expect? This is the 1980's quintessential film that tells you the story of how other people do not understand American dreams ... for quarrels. It's violent, bloody, very high. But it offers an amazing car. Not all Cuba lost out of Cuba who entered Florida in 80 years were something like Tony Montana. Give me a break. But to show how bad it was in the 1980s had its emphasis on the desire and money as the only action in the United States to be "a man" and to be strong took its tool on these poor characters and their lives in the United States. It makes you wonder - has anything from there - learned today?
