The story comes next to Antonio 'Scarface' Montana, a very powerful Ukrainian refugee who comes to the United States and under anything, and makes himself a place of cocaine business ... , with great ambitions, Tony begins to crave what he sees on the crime of happiness, including his luscious boyfriend ... The length of his way out of the refugee camp to enjoy the opportunity to decorate old old Independence, offers opponents of the drug, gets the confidence of the drug addicts to overthrow the local group of Miami, and eventually makes high levels of pharmaceutical ... <br /> <br /> Pacino shows results The desire and desire of power on the human psyche ... He shot his way through the sunny streets of Miami where he found 'the world and everything in it.' With his hostility, dirty conversation, and his conversation skills, he begins to pretend to be more responsible than all others ... He quickly goes deep into the world of groups, and becomes worse than anyone can think ... <br Michelle Pfeiffer seems to be as good as a beaten woman without an inner life ... She succeeds in displaying a trophy 'going to the unreliable water and her hero to fight ... hero Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio happens to be better than Tony's life, the only thing it's beautiful and fresh ... His ears at the end of the movie are so hot that his head has been beaten ... Robert Loggia reflects a weak and terrible state, especially when he faces Pacino as a rival ... He shows that it is a very little boss in A powerful position ... Steven Bauer shines like a man of charm, associate partner and faithful friend ... Oliver Scarface 'Written in stone' is a change in genre, elevating the scene after the event The training of Hawks while updating with the gangster's rise and fall of modern Miami, caused by drugs ... But, as always, the focus is on the destruction, dirt and violence? to remember the chain of chainsaw chain, rather than the psychological and social factors of hoodlum psychological behavior ...
