In 1983, Director Brian De Palma made a film on the rise and fall of the American gangster, and that did - with the help of a powerful screenplay and Oliver Stone with some unpleasant task for the best cast. The result is `Scarface, 'and star Al Pacino in one of his most memorable roles. The story begins in May 1980, when Castro opened the port in Mariel, Cuba, allowing Cuban citizens to join their families in the United States. 125,000 from Cuba at the time, for the liberalization of the Americas, and many were honest, hardworking people, thanked for the opportunity they had been given. But not all. Among the Marielitos who passed through Florida, approximately 25,000 had a criminal record and were not in prison in Cuba - the criminals were taken over the redemption, whom Castro just wanted to overcome. They also saw America as a land of opportunity, such as Al Capone considered Chicago a few years ago. And among the lustful ones was a man named Tony Montana (Pacino), known by his associates as' Caracortada. 'Scarface. Now that he was free of the Communist day that he had grown up, Montana wanted what he felt he was coming to, and wanted now; and since the time he went to the boat in Florida, he had decided to have it all. Wealth and power - that was the dream of Montana, and he would get it by doing what he did well, beginning with the approval of a resident of Miami in the name of Frank Lopez (Robert Loggia). Lopez, apparently, had a brother in Cuba who had been completed for a long time in the hands of Castro, a man who, after his precious worth of Castro, had been left largely and was being in 'Little Havana,' along and Montana and all the Cubans out of the boats, where they waited for their papers from the government that would change their change in their new life. And for a short time, Montana finds that Lopez's brother has been given revenge, and sets the stage for his intervention in South America. Lopez, a wealthy businessman who has a proper relationship, in return to grace finds Montana and his friend, Manny (Steven Bauer), released from the camp to do, and keep them working. In his day, Capone may have bootlegging as a way to keep his ranks for illegal profit, but Lopez has a similar modern day, and it's more profitable: Cocaine. Lopez takes Montana under his wing and holds him in life, but once with his taste, Montana is not worthy of anything that Lopez deserves his way, and sets a course that will take him to where he wants to be: In `top. 'With the cold blood, the metal, Montana will decide to do whatever it takes to get there, no matter what the cost. but before the end, he will know the price of his dream, and he will pay; but for a short time, perhaps he will know what it is like to be a Person. He will also know if it is valuable or soft. <br /> <br /> At the stage and vision of De Palma, Pacino plays Montana much more than life, and he does well. From the emphasis it affects (which made research to ensure that he got the right - and made), with body language and perspective, he has everything, and makes Montana sure and real. What he brings to the role is the model and style, in a way that the few actors (De Niro will be one) can. That is not a merciless attitude in any way, nor is there anything about Montana that you can easily describe on a personal level; but the presence of Pacino screens are so powerful that it makes you a very good character, although it is difficult to be emotional to share with. It's just a powerful, memorable performance. Michelle Pfeiffer gives a strong performance, too, in the role that puts it in a skillful way. Like Elvira, a woman who becomes an integral part of Montana's dream, Pfeiffer is wise and standing, giving a sense of something going on down, affecting the outside face of cold and distant. He, like Pacino, definitely makes his presence likely as he likes well on screens and stoic, enigmatic and sultry views. The support that includes Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio (Gina), Miriam Colon (Mama Montana), F. Murray Abraham (Omar), Paul Shenar (Sosa) and Harris Yulin (Bernstein). The most recent predecessor with 'Traffic,' and 'Hitting', and also have a climate that reminds the Peckinpah 'Punch' Punch '' De Palma 'that was the original critics, since it is mentioned by many as being sure of the American gangster saga. Many parties say instead of pictures, but this film still has a strong sense of the fact that many can get some trouble. But if you stay with it, there is a lesson to learn last. And as many lessons in life, the most valuable are often more difficult to take at that time. But the payment is worth every time, and so is this film. I rate one 8/10. <br /> <br/>
