Many people like this film and many others like it, but it seems to be all for the wrong reasons. Scarface should be interested and loved but not through which it has been or is located. <br /> <br /> Many people say acting was over-top, but who is better to do a higher character than Al Pacino. Say that Pacino went up-over here would have been down. Yet he does very well, bringing you into the inside of you very well. His Tony Montana character was not a very good man to start with his strong thirst to bring his epidemic to another level; level of pride. Certainly sometimes Pacino seems to be a bit of cartoonish and surreal but that doesn't exist to me it seems to be quite a liability. A supportive support served its work very well. Michelle Pfeiffer was not very good but she certainly deserves her role. On the other hand Steven Bauer had his ability, yet he is Steven Bauer. Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio was good and as Michelle Pfeiffer did her job very well. Robert Loggia I have been happy to enjoy seeing him screaming. Other than Pacino were not quite realistic or memorable performances. Everyone seemed to be suitable for their work to be there. They were not exactly the same but they had enough influence. Brian De Palma did a very good job on this movie. At any time the actors may be greater than life and its loan performance should be given to the director and I will give De Palma that. Brian De Palma, though not honored, is a very good director for my calculation. He knows how to guide movies according to their kind, but that sometimes it didn't come well. Here it makes, this is for all the mistakes of the gangster movie but few are better than this because of De Palma. The writing was good it was just fine Oliver Stone. When I saw the document at the end of this movie and saw that Oliver Stone had written this I wasn't a little bit surprised. That's a covenant to him yet. I am always though he's a good writer and me confirms this again with Scarface. No one knows how to write the surreal facts for film than Oliver Stone. Music was good but not great. Certainly not my favorite from Giorgio Moroder. Music was also a little 80s-ish for me but did not hear me. The movie was good, not surprising but really concerned with the film like this. This is probably one of the most damaging movies in the last 25 years but as described before other reasons. People should realize that the character of Tony Montana is not a hero, he is a monster. He is not inspiring in any way. He is greedy, bloody, uneducated and independent. However, he is a good example for many people because in some way or another is rebels but perhaps most of all because he is a gangster fraud. A vigilante would like Mother Tereasa next to Scarface. Something good about this film though it shows that Tony Montanas' is not a real problem. If we or the people of authority would like to tie people like him we can do but we can't. Through the deviation of freedom he is the importance of our society. He is a person who can blame everything and fall better about yourself to do so. Tony Montanas' of this world is the caterpillars of our society. This is in no way any reason for people like him. Instead it is more than a reminder that we should not forgive or allow ourselves to do only bad things because we are testing or we think we are measuring the best of a gangster or drug dealer. I love this movie because it is more than a movie of corruption, it's a movie that in a strange way makes you think of yourself.
