Every great movie of the gangster has low-down humanitarian game. Do not expect the story of feelings of guilt, charge and despair from "Scarface". This is the story of evil desires, corruption, and power. Far black of the "Dream Dream" of fabled. Anyone complaining about the "cheesiness" of this film is uncertain. Top characters, cheesy music, and more fashions have caused the resistance to this extra diabolical life. There is nothing in the lives of these characters in fact, not to any level of humanity at least. Certainly the film is possible for satire of satire, unknown to all recipients of the gangsta who were moved to the life of Tony Montana. This is not the effort of Brian DePalma's leadership power, it is always the best and well-being addressed (especially in the finale), but it constantly tries around and deceived. Amazingly, it is shared with a very powerful script and Oliver Stone (perhaps a good cure for it, based on the character of the coke that he was doing at that time). The theme is consistent, with the main focus in the life of Tony Montana, and the evolution of his character as he is used by desire and power. Talk is also better, see-sawing comfortably between humor and game. There are many lines that have stood, which has led their way to popular culture in one way or another. <br /> <br /> Cast help makes it too, but this is a true Pacino film. One of his subtle exhibitions (something more common today), this is the world completely different from Michael Corleone and Frank Serpico. However he can advocate here as previously, for the most virtuous (and deliberately over-the-top) form. It's hard to imagine another Tony Montana after seeing this film, with the possibility of one of the most enjoyable exhibitions ever. Pfeiffer stood up as beautiful and worried about looking at first, but I came to realize how he plays the part of a young wife. It is not a unique effort, but it is certainly not cleared. Players are also very good, especially Paul Shenar as Alejandro Sosa suave. <br /> <br /> Strong, often laughs, sometimes terrible, and always confusing. "Scarface" is one of the eight-year films (anything that can mean to you). The main and most important group can be found, and the symbol of pop culture. 9/10
