Those who have produced this low-level production may have never been celebrated by George Balanchine, or allowed their refusal to beat the Macaulay Culkin star to affect their judgment. Atlanta's ballet had enough opportunities, since the 1960s and 1980s, to be the first ballet approved company to develop this production except New York City Ballet, and I found it to be alive for several times. I can assure the readers that the film is the perfect delivery of this production, and that the use of a child with limited ability to play in a position of position is not a stunt cheap price to show Culkin; It was the idea of ​​Balanchine to use the child in this role, as it was his idea of ​​using a child for Marie's position. Play "heavy" left for adults in the story. <br /> <br /> This is a deliberate film action; by the way, it resembles the "Othello" of Laurence Olivier. Especially as in the film, a sample of the sample production has spread to the sound of the sound of the film, but it has not been done under the fake, and the ballet is photographed directly with the wise buttons, and without a quick cuts "music video" shown in the 1986 edition of Maurice Sendak-Carroll Ballard. There are two false stages only in this film in 1993. One is the addition of distortion and the effects of unwanted sounds (squeaks of the mouse, children whispering "Ma-gic!" For Drosselmeyer, etc.). These effects are never found in any "Nutcracker" production, and they are set up just as a cheap contract to attract listeners who are not afraid of viewing the ballet on the film. <br /> <br /> Another false step is Macaulay Culkin's nutcracker make-up, which looks quite ridiculous. While screens like the Nutcracker, instead of wearing a big mask (as is done when the production of Balanchine is carried out onstage), Culkin is actually designed as a toy - wearing what looks like bald cap, such as white, whiskers, and beard. He also has his face mounted somewhat, and the worst shape of his making is that it is still recognizing his face, amateurishly transformed in the same manner as Ray Bolger, Jack Haley and Bert Lahr's makeups in the "Wizard of Oz" (the results of the text of The film, though, has worked efficiently, as this does not). And comparing the nutcracker of Baryshnikov in its * production shows how poor the nutrycker of Baryshnikov's wonder - it was "jaw" actually seemed to walk at any time Baryshnikov as he took his head back. <br /> <br /> Striking itself in Culkin's Macaulay version is the best, of course, except Culkin himself, who will play, as I have said, not even to be awesome. (Fairy Plum Fairy and its Cavalier are popular roles to play in the production of Balanchine's "Nutcracker"). However, the color of the film can be lighter since this is fantasy. Choreography is also brilliant, and its effectiveness is like to incorporate a sequence which has additional music from the Tchaikovsky ballet "Sleeping Beauty" - like Marie sneaks downstairs, lying on the sofa, and dream that Drosselmeyer is "renovated" broken Nutcracker (this sequence it was, of course, not included in the original Tchaikovsky ballet — it's the only sequence in this production that shows music from work except "Nutcracker"). Those who have missed this film, or those who despise (or love it) should give them opportunities, despite their two big problems. It's better than it seems when the first person hears that Culkin is in it.
