Released as Zentropa in North America to avoid the confusion with the film Holocaust of Agniezska's own Europa Europa, this third feature of the exhibition and the filmmaker who never stops shocking, inspiring or shocking surprises is amazing, of nostalgic, an elaborate film America's ignorance in Germany shortly following the end of WWII. One American, named Leo, can not fully get what he does there. He has come to participate in strengthening the country since, in his mind, it's about the time German was shown love. It does not matter how it appears, he is not a Nazi artist or even as Germany especially, he only confuses. His uncle, who works on the railway, gets Leo to work as an assistant on a sleeping car, and is constantly enhanced in the vortex of 1945 of Germany's fears and enigmas. These developments begin when Today, played more rather than remembered by the quiet quiet actress Jean-Marc Barr, meets the sultry heeress on the train played by Barbara Sukowa, a sympathetic actress on the face. local power. He deceives her and takes her home to meet her family, which owns a productive company. These are the proper trains that took the Jews to their deaths during the war, but now they run a daily square schedule, and Kessler's uncle is like the other good Germans who were doing their work. Also there is Udo Kier, an entire actor who took me to the second episode of the amazing Von Trier film, although here's just wonderful. Another guest at home is Eddie Constantine, a dynamic actress, playing an intelligent American man. He can prove that Uncle Kessler was a criminal warrior, though all compete with Leo. Americans have been regarded as holes created by their aspect for decades, but little have been more concerned than Leo, who returns to his work on what seems to be his planned death train. This story is told in an ineffective manner by the Danish film director, Lars Von Trier, who anchor is in the editing of movies and movies. He shares black and white colors and colors, uses double effects, eye effects and craft images, with participants interacting with the background images, puts his characters into a shaded visceral world so that they sometimes feel like insects, found among the mirror for our most accurate inquiry. <br /> <br /> This Jury Award winning prize is false, but perhaps with a different voice for the viewer. I am interpreted as a film on the last leg of the Nazism, shown by the trains, and the moral accountability of Americans and others who seemed too late to save those trains of these trains and camps where they distributed their distribution shipments. During the movie, the Nazi state, and the same importance to the trains, have died, but as the chicken grows they continue to enter through their reflexes. <br /> <br /> Anime, music, talk, and plot are intentionally hammy and almost satirically bought from a black film contract. The most inclusive elements of the film are all of the movies. Two trains are standing back and forth, Barr for one with Sukowa and the other. Underwater bloody image. Unusual sequence on what should be like deleting. And more romantic affecting all, the anesthetic shot of train tracks, as the voice of Max von Sydow makes us hark back to Europe with him, leaving our personal block.
