For some reason, this film has never been turned into its original language in my forest neck (in spite of owning a TCM Cable Center in England, which announces MGM titles a week one week). More sadly, it's still M.I.A. on DVD? even from Warners' recently-announced "Western Classics Collection" Box Set (which includes three other efforts of Robert Taylor); perhaps, they store it for the last "Signed Collection" for the commitment to this MGM, which may come next year at the time of 40 years of its passing? I say this because the film allows him to become a rare humanitarian role as a selfish pastor and a deep hatred of Indians and who endeavors to use his expert's expertise to make easy money for money hunting; The opening statement provides awesome statistics that this type of population was reduced from 60,000,000 to 3,000 in just 30 years! As a partner, Taylor takes a professional businessman Stewart Granger? who includes alcohol, Lloyd Nolan (who continues to disregard Taylor and Taylor's assurances) and Russ Tamblyn's half-year-old. As expected, the company's relationship is shaky one? Remembering that the middle of Anthony Mann is NAKED SPUR (1953), another cycle of air MGM Western. The film, in fact, is experiencing deliciousness and hardness of Mann's work in this field (in spite of being the author / director Brooks first had only a few of those events but which, for cumulatively, highlighted the amazing differences); here, too, the story throws us into the presence of a woman (Debra Paget, also a half-breed) to have a competition between two leading guidelines? and Granger, as James Stewart of NAKED SPUR, returns his work with just a sudden (his deficit to kill the buffalo for games only and the benefits are recognized effectively). <br /> <br /> Last also feels to see Taylor taking Paget yourself? he is confident but cold develops his way, he likes to secret Granger? and offers its confusion to the locals at the bar when drinking! Taylor, himself, has not come out of the treaty: as the main character of SIERRA MADRE (1948), he becomes different from the envy of his associates, especially with rare respect? and therefore, value? to hide from the white buffalo they found; even the buffalo-mad at one time (like Nolan predicted), being deceived into taking a rumble of thunder for fear of the approximate quantity of species! The hunting hunt itself is amazing? The buffalo bounces, falling down when they hit, the endless line of catching the day, and the carcasses that come down to the mountains. Atypical gold but not memorable, then, known for right: and cool in full swing, Taylor now paranoid out for blood Granger is waiting out of the cave (which ends with Paget run) to kill him; when Granger emerges the next morning, he finds Taylor in the hunting place? frozen die! Unfortunately, my father owns a copy of the main source of this (and Milton Lott) since the initial release of the film: in fact, he has collected a large number of those versions? is, after all, practices still known? where the book is also available to promote its movie changes. Similarly to the record, Taylor and Granger? who work very well every one here? they had already attended (like the whales of the whales!) in the ocean adventure of all your OWN TIMEANT (1953) ?? which, surprisingly, is hard to see (in fact, even more, considering that it is even displayed on the Italian TV for what it looks like age) !!
