William Castle is known among the fans of fear as the class of the class B of the 1950s and 60s. His issues, his cost-cutting techniques and his unique vision are stories. So it is not surprising, then, that the person (Jeffrey Schwarz, who made many documents) finally took time to dedicate the document to his greatness. That is the "Tingler of Spine: The Story of William Castle". I had a general understanding of who was the Castle, after seeing some of his films over the years. I did not know anything about his personal life, his goals and expectations. This film was enough for the person to give him the full thanks for the commitment he had made for the films of films and his contributions to the type of fear. The movie shows Castle as an opponent by Alfred Hitchcock, and Hitch became a artist who achieved a reputation when the Castle is a carnival barker who gets notoriety worship, but a little respect. He is an icon for all the directors of the second level out there, so it is not surprising that John Waters looks clear here. (Joe Dante and Stuart Gordon also have good roles.) His / her exercises are the ones that characterized his popularity, and the document takes the best pain to describe, which is important for those who are very young to remember. 3-D emergency "Ghost 13" (see different reviews), buzzer in the "The Tingler" seat (see different reviews), "Homicidal guarantees" ... look at these movies now out of the theater, we can condemn them for their content (which, myself, I'm still enjoying it) but we can't fully understand what the audience felt once. <br /> <br /> The end of the film is when Castle goes from the director of worship to Hollywood manufacturer. After purchasing the rights of "Child of Rosemary", he is placed in a very special position to discuss his autonomy. Hoping to be led, he is involved with the producer to make a way for the new director Roman Polanski. At first desperate, this proves that it is one of the best opportunities for his life - a powerful, powerful film and his work. Who better control the purse of the Polanski wild artist than the castle bought with a penny? This was his crowning effectiveness, although the film's sadness is often linked to Polanski than the Castle. His remaining years are played out, and we are given personal attention by his daughter and girlfriend. On the board, everyone seems to have nothing but praise for that person. Elsewhere on the way, it is really angry with one or two people, but you never know from this film. And I find that getting - this is a life celebration of Bill Castle, not "E! Really Hollywood Story". Such merchants would have to take a copy of this work. <br /> <br /> I would recommend personally collecting William Castle Collection, which is not just this eighth film of the Castle, which has a lot of special features. Even this document comes with a clarification of sounds so that you can hear how Schwarz was affected by the individual and Castle, and have the daughter of Castle Terry to give a proper reflection of her experience with a different film and remake. It's almost a new new film.
