I am a big fan of Woody Allen and so when I saw that this was playing on the movies I couldn't help myself. I wanted to see how Allen would enjoy his film's matches to see if this was one of his films on G.B. (which is unique among Allen's work) with what appears to be his new museum of Scarlett Johanson. Scoop is more lighter than MP and humor is the most enjoyable feature of Scoop. The plan involves the behavior of Johanson (journalist student) who gets the tip of the hot story from outside the grave. He loves to defend the accused suspect (Jackman) and he must decide whether the truth is worth getting. Oh and all this has been done with the help of a bumbling witch who turned out to be played by Allen. I must say that I enjoyed Johanson's performance but I enjoyed a bit, I can look at the three film and Johanson in an eternal shape and remain enchanted. He has a tsy, yappy, bumbling sweetheart that is a kind of difference in the sense of Allen's stereotypical neurosis character locked. Adds appropriate body language to the comic effect. Of course, almost anyone who sees this will find Johanson's beautiful character and that's included. Allen is Allen ... She still plays the same character as Chaplin and her little character. What happens in this film makes me ask if I will see a little neurotic weakness yet. He is not in the next second picture and has been spending more time after the camera as late ... Jackman is also enjoyable as accused of suave, millions of murders. I can't say that Jackman does anything just to do his job but he does not fit his shape. <br /> <br /> On the side of the plot I can not help but feel that this is fresh ... In fact it is a scandal of Scorpion's Jade. Johanson and Allen are more detective than anything. However I must suggest Allen on its end because it is more clever than your usual Hollywood version of this film. Instead of everything being black and white, the objects are blown in gray shades. Being completely guilty has nothing to do with guilt and guilt. Although the plot was old, Woody still has a knack for one liners. I found his tips on his last interesting film ... Come with humor, laugh and have fun. It doesn't say if you like Allen's job to look at it. If you don't look for something else ...
