Something happening to Sondra Pransky when he enters the witch of the wizard at the reminder point of London. Is Sondra not aware of a young new journalist Joe Strombel is trying to ask him to investigate someone who has told him, on his way to another direction, is a good Tarot killer who had been a crime in London. The only problem is the suspect is for all exhibitions, the highest-class man. Sondra describing her experience with Great Splendini, who is Sid Waterman, the witch is surprised, but decides to go together. The two will be P.I.s inviting the club where Peter Lyman is going to swim. Sondra, who chooses she tries, takes the attention of this hunk, who wants to see him more. Needless to say, two of them will get into all kinds of strange conditions until the mystery is revealed at the end of the film. Tarot's real player thinks he can deceive Sondra who is more intelligent than he gave her credit to. <br /> The result is a perfect film of summer and a lot of laughter that is just what it needs to get out of the heat to be the perfect time in the theater. All Allen has done well, and yet, this sunny comedy will assure him of the old failure. In "Scoop", Mr. Allen has taken himself from a romantic leading pawing beautiful woman to lead. His trademark is something that this person can never pull out, because it seems to be its trademark. The film has some pieces of color that go over the audience's audience that cannot be attentive. <br /> <br /> Scarlett Johansson, a beautiful star of "Scoop", seems to be a perfect foil for Woody Allen. He plays a direct part when Mr Allen does his shtick, perfect mix. They are all the best in their banter in the film. Mr. Johansson is the beauty of grandmother in his red bathing suit, though dressed so dowdy in a lot of clothing that is wearing on the screen. Hugh Jackman looked like Peter Lyman a modern man about the city and the right to move. She makes a good appearance in the movie as a person looking for Ms Johansson. Ian McShane writes the dead journalist of Fleet on the way to eternity. Scoop is a thin film for warm and cool thanks to the summer season for Woody Allen.
