First of all, I would say that the audience liked it from the first time. Perhaps the current events in the Middle-central region lead people to take a look at, "I came to comedy and George will enjoy you." but for any reason, everyone appeared very much in his comedy. The last few times Woody has tried to make a direct comedy (Little Time Crooks, Curse of Jade Scorpion, Hollywood Ending) I felt like one liners felt damaged and a little antiquated. I remember thinking one time, "That would have been wonderful in the last 60 years." So I got into this film, I was afraid of Woody was having a deaf ear, however, in this one comic feeling were in full tune. In fact, there was a lot of AARP colleagues cards carrying on the survey, but also there were a lot of 20-somethings and 30-somethings as well, and all seemed to find and stop laughing regular stomach with many guffaws, chuckles and so on . In many cases, people who had given us had a loud laughing people who lost the next verse. <br /> <br /> Publishing, Woody was making common ground. As I forgot from the trailer, this film had a lot of Manhattan Murder Mystery in it, but again, there was more smidgen of Oedipus Wrecks (New York Stories), Alice, and even a little tax for Broadway Danny Rose at the beginning. <br /> <br /> Even for Woody in the movie, Scarlett, like Sondra, once, Woody-proxy, but her character was away from the Nebbish which, say, Will Ferrell give us in Melinda and Melinda or Kenneth Branaugh tried in Celebrity. Instead of archetypal tips and quirks, the soil of Sondra comes directly from the family history which he shares in advance. Often the "family business" brings him to the problems that we find as viewers, while the characters on the screen can only see them as non-sequiturs. Since we are all in joke, we can't help but laugh. But it laughs not to come to know the woody, but really from the character. To a large extent, unlike Farrell, Branaugh, Cusack or even Mia Farrow before him, Scarlett is not required to use Woody's voice to remove Woody's role. So, we are not just getting out of the details as the voice of Woody suddenly comes from another face. <br /> <br /> If my friend commented on the way out, Sid, a character played by Woody, is a responsibility to help, but more than mid-step than I had hoped to enter. However, this time Woody seems to have written a characteristic that really suits the current. Unlike its characteristic of Ed Dobel in anything else, or its blind director in Hollywood Ending, this time the character is fit well. Perhaps most importantly, this time the character works in the story. Within the elevated circles they find themselves, he is more than a fish-out of water than Scarlett, which is used by the great impact of comedic around. Sid is a lesser magician, shouting with a small audience, but the fact that he comes out sometimes is put in front of our center. <br /> <br /> But what about Jackman? What about Ian (Swearengen) McShane? I loved both of them at the rate that is used in the piece. I loved McShane's short but effective turn. Jackman is interested in the convenience of "Old Money" which is often shown in the film from 50 years ago. (Class says from Rose Purple Cairo?) <br /> <br /> Why did I think? Short answer, perhaps its best comedy since Bullets Over Broadway of 1994. Less stylized than Aphrodite Mighty. Caustic less than to strengthen Harry. Compulsory less than short-term crooks or Hollywood Ending. Finally you got the comic voice that works in the 21st century.
