Greetings again from the darkness. Remember all "What happened to Woody Allen?" joke? Even Mr. Allen played with fans who wanted him to continue making his "funny" films. Like any good artist, Mr. Allen's trick changed over the years and lost other fans, while taking others. Last year's headline "Matchpoint" showed that it is still very important and painful if it was in the days of "Annie Hall" and "Manhattan". What strikes us 40 fans and a year is that Mr. New York himself seems to have a little bit of crush on mother land. It seems he loves the UK! When publishing "Matchpoint", Mr. Allen was interested in Scarlett Johansson with his real life and sense of humor. This catalyst prompted him to lead his best comedy for years. Scarlett, during the greatest risk, must be given credit for not just copying the films that have cast him into a particular light. He is not afraid to look and act like a real person. In "Scoop", he shines some real on the chops comedy screen and, in many scenes, provides a real punchline for both Mr. Allen. Of course, whenever Mr. Allen decides to put himself in front of the camera, he will get more of his part of the same builder and the community's opinion in - which is the same, because few make it so well. Very good work work from Ian McShane and Hugh Jackman. In fact, Mr. Jackman provides a few tips on why many of us thought it was the best option to replace Brosnan as a new Bond. Like many Allen films, stars are script, not executives. Although Scarlett provides superbly here and it is a good difference with Allen police and Jackman, what makes this a crackle is a conversation… especially the flag between Allen and Scarlett. If it's not a great fan of characters, don't be afraid. He reduces his screen time and is very useful, except in two or three scenes that are almost visible out of place. Another Woodman system is a musical history and "Scoop" is not an exception ... especially the structure of Strauss. "Scoop" is a good cross between "Annie Hall" and the best of Marx Brothers film or Cary Grant comedies. Yes it is an adult comedy, but in fact it is very good ... especially for a seria killer and talking to a spirit player!
