Coming once upon the heels of the Match Match (2005), a fine as a recurring piece of "Woody bad," Scoop offers a new hope for Allen's group, any dying (which I count) that the master has found his form again. The desperate attempt, which reaches Melinda and Melinda (2004) and any embarrassing conscience (2003), has ever worried that the first level of Woody comedy, or without his own participation as an actor, was on the card. Surprisingly, these cards have become a Tarot deck that serves as a Magufin cunning of Scoop and provides a positive reading for the future of the Woody Allen comedy. More than encouraging, Wo self-casting - one of the most depressed aspects of its films in recent years - here is something that has led to self-reliance as well as the ultimate recognition that it can no longer play Sexual orientation with young women enough to be his daughters or grandchildren. In Scoop, Allen offers himself a position of Sid Waterman, a witch of aging and cheap tricks and fatigue-stage patter who, such as Woody himself, has led to his act in London, where the audience - if not more to receive - is at least more respectable. As Chaplin's Calvero in Limelight (1952), Sid Waterman gives Allen an opportunity to give a slightly lost mask of artists whose art has decreased and whose listeners have no longer great or accepting. Additionally, because they seem to have behaviors, all Allen treatments and long-term stammers tend to be less problematic than they were at some time. The character of Waterman also works well in the plot. His magic-lifting body is a sufficient place for a visit from Joe Strombel (Ian McShane), a well-known journalist and a heart attacker recently. Released from the River Stybo-to-Hades River, Strombel repeats the ship regularly because it can not rest for ever without contacting the last "end" about the recognition of "bad killer" bad. Unfortunately, his return from the dead to the show of Waterman's magic and the only extract of his hot leadership becomes the first degree of journalism, Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson), who has been called from the audience as a comic fabric. for the magic craft of the witch. Sondra diligently takes the opportunity to journalize and dismiss the Waterman reluctant in an investigation to play his father's role. As shown in Lost in Translation, Johansson has a talent for comedy, and playing querulous between him and Allen is very amusing - and more so it never threatens to be the beginning of romance. Scoop killers' plan, involving the killing of prostitutes and head leader leader, Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), is doubtful to predict Allen's long-term discharge for neighboring symbols London's Jack and River. However, other Scoop elements (like the Match Line) also come from Woody's late life to meet English culture. Class structure, behavior, concepts, clothing, architecture, and, yes, unique driving habits provide new material with the attention of human behavior and societal social satire. While, for example, Sondra is trying to get involved with Peter Lyman at a private private club, Waterman says "from her perspective we are wrong." A good sense of humor is also produced by the suspicion of social behaviors that are reserved against the Waterman's insistent Borscht-belt Jewish plebeianism. And, then, of course, there is a trip to the hilarious Waterman in Smart Car can not remember driving on the left side of the road. Normally, Allen's humor at Scoop includes heavy-in-dose doses, taking the form of all the slide to the film and literature sources as well, increasingly, the memory of his own film. In addition to Jack's Ripper talks, for example, the sound of the film is dominated by the Grieg program of "Hall of Mount Mountain," for forced co-operation with Hans Beckert in M, the first masterpiece of a typical killer type. The funeral meeting after the funeral of journalists who are talking about the actions of newly new Joe Strombel shows clearly the opening of Broadway Danny Rose (1984). Harry's Recommendations (1997) include the use of Death as a character (with his unique voice and clothing), the use of Mandelbaum as a character of the character, and mentioned by Adair University ("alma mater" of Harry and where Sondra is. now student). Additionally, the use of the Greek mythology system of the subterranean river to Hades remembers the use of Greek gods and Chorus in Mighty Aphrodite (1995). In the text of the deviation, all of Allen's writings depend on the bottom of one - Employees than they did earlier in his work, but Scoop does not provide at least a couple of memorable. For a question about his religion, Waterman responds: "I was born in Hebrew faithfulness, but later I became a narcissism." And Sondra removes this set under the wannabe crime of Waterman-exploring: "If we put our heads together you will hear noisy holes." All in all, Scoop is for Woody Allen more comedy more satisfying in a decade.
