"Scoop" is also the name of the late interest of Evelyn Waugh, and the movie of Woody Allen, although installed today, has a nostalgic charm and simplicity. It has no depth of features, intense displays, inserts or amazing frisson's final efforts of Allen's "Match Match," (derived from many, including this inspector, that the return of form) but "Scoop" resembles closely From Allen to the ultimate for English, posh London flats, murder, and detection. At this time the Woody turns back to the murder of the murder of the murder and return to the comedy, and he himself back on the screen as a good vaudevillian, a witch named Sid Waterman, the action of the Great Splendini, who counters some snobs' probing and, "I used to be of the Hebrew influence, but as I was an old man, I turned to narcissism. "Following the revelation in the middle of the normal dematerializing action of Splendini, and Scarlett Johansson (like Sondra Pransky) volunteers, the unwanted pair find within the post mortem's test. English news with a final score. On Styx's side Joe Strombel (Ian McShane) has only found the shadow of a single man of Mr Lyman's secretary, who says he was punched, and told a beautiful child boundaries, Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman) was a Tarot Cardinal, killer of Serial of London. Sondra and Sid once become a pair of amateur sleuths. With the destruction of Sid and the beauty of the bumptious Sondra they quickly reduce the speed of the cream of the London aristocracy. Woody is not hitting a little girl heroine muse - as in "Match Point," Johansson again - as old. At the same time Scarlett is not sexually proud and would be a film star. He is an amazing morphed in klutzy, worried but still pretty coed. Sid and Sondra do not have flirtation, which is a great relief. They just collaborate, more or less gently, to carry out the demands of Strombel to be a friend of Lyman and look at him with a sign of his guilt. And just a brief demonstration Sid accepts the appearance of Sondra's father. Sondra, who accused Peter of pretending to enter the pool of the club, again introduces himself to Jade Spence. Mr. Spence, that is, Woody, keeps breaking the lid by making the card tricks, but he amuses dowagers with these and ignoring their husbands in poker, spewing non-stop one liners and all the time to maintain, looks for success, being in oil and precious metals , as "Jade" has told him to say. That is all about it, or all that can be told without damaging the story by revealing its results. For the first time Allen's decision to make Johansson on the left, with a preference, and a very bad school girl seems to be just not good and a bad decision. But Johansson, who has wiped out the actor as an actress, can be a miracle, with the help of Jackman, an actor who knows how to make any actress appear desirable, if he wishes. The film creates a sense of relationships, creating a different kind of characters: Sid and Sondra love in a friendly way, and Peter and Sondra have a reliable attraction even though they are fake and dirty (he is after all, going to bed with maniac suspect homicidal) <br /> <br /> What is a little bit of Allen's drop on English enriched with class, its Brooklyn background looks seems to have left him, despite all his people, and an irresistible hankering for. Jackman is an amazing, delightful and playful. His parents were English. But does this star comedy star in Australia ("X-Man" of Wolverine) surrounds as real as the aristocrat? It is only in the film, perhaps (here and "Kate and Leopold"). This is not a powerful film like "Match Match," but to say it is a waste of other viewers. not exactly the same. It has no more depth than a half-hour radio or television show, but the joke of Woody is a funnier far and more original than you get in the same media, and sometimes show the return of the old wit and cunning. It doesn't matter if the movie is silly or slapdash when it is reducing the summer entertainment. The hot day does not require heavy food. The most delicious thing when it comes to time when the film comedies were the entertainment of light-minded, without the bad joke or the effects of the bomb; without Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson. Critics like to tell you this is the return of the Allen decline that has found the "Match Match." Don't believe it. He doesn't try too hard. Why did he? He may have 70, but in words, it is still light on his feet. And his body is going very fast.
