I was fortunate to get free money for early Scoop 'inquiry last night. The perfect house in the theater and when the movie ended there was a lovely applause. I did not talk to anyone who did not like 'Scoop' although two young people sitting next to me excited and bothered by many films. They were discriminating though because everyone else including myself enjoyed myself. Scoop 'is a quick secret of genocide. A young journalist is aware of himself unknowingly with more than his control forces in trying to kill the widow's killer without giving birth. Many hijink comes from being cooperating with the traveling pastor and loving to the good lover of frisky and good. <br /> 'Scoop' is not the worst on Woody Allen's film. It is not her good work but it is very interesting and very interesting. I would like to say that it is very suitable for the film of Woody Allen, in the middle of the packet. If you are a Woody Allen fan you will probably enjoy yourself. If you do not care about his work then 'Scoop' may be enough to get a view to see more. I don't think anyone who does not like his style of choice and acting in the film will have to change their mind. Woody has the same kind of neurotic behavior we have been common for though it is a dangerous border around and forced to top up in this film. While the possibility of stimulating some people who might find themselves in a hurry to be on the outside, the Woody Allen fans know what to expect. The most beautiful displays in my opinion though I found myself missing Ian McShane who is the best and not on the camera almost enough. Hugh Jackman is good as a good sir and I think Woody Allen has found a new star to work with in Scarlett Johansson. I think that for 'Match Match' this is their second pairing and he is only magic and material that Woody gives. It can be the start of a good relationship! I am glad to see the film and recommend you. Comedy more modern than cinema as 'Scary Movie 4' so if your brand of comedy is the ultimate replacement of the old, 'Scoop' is probably not for you. If, on the other hand, you would like to touch the class, modern and fun, 'Scoop' is for you. Probably not a Woody Allen film I would like to introduce to a visitor but all others should try it.
