Like many other consultants I saw this film (on TV, never on a big screen), when I was a teenager. My father has always seen this film very much and suggested to me then, and I must say he was not just right, but this movie stayed with me forever in over 2 decades since I saw the first time. I have seen two or three times since then (a few days ago I have given them another look) and has not lost any of its effects on time. It's still great and worth the movie appearance! Manr focus on the peckinpah of the top country as the first one and the best future west, which looks really alive in the old west, but unknown LAST HUNT is definitely the best movie and even half a dozen years earlier. The truth was perhaps 3 years before his time, or perhaps it is still ... It is a hard way to think of the West (I like this type) I can't remember west as much sad and sad like this. Two men are bound together, partly by hate, partly by not having another choice, surrounded by beautiful Mrs Padget, an old disabled man and Inian boy, leading the lives of buffalo killers until finally it reached one of them. No one has ever seen this film to forget its end and the final frames of this gem. When the camera goes on and away from Mr. Taylor the skin of the white pig comes forward (on the tree) and spells from the past, when the hatred started, it is again. Mr. Taylor has found his unicorn, but finally the buffalo got him. In addition to the top performances of everyone involved, the script of mind and good discussion, should also be mentioned, that the last HUNT is photographed, I have seen in the west which has been smoothly (aside from those led by Anthony Mann, who have also been photographed many), that all areas have been carefully selected and that even the sound of the sound is very suitable for the image. <br /> <br /> And BROOKS director is a very good journalist. Master Teacher! He has made very good movies and has succeeded in almost every kind of thinking, but even if such a great job, this last HUNTI still shines like one of the best, if not the best. br /> <br /> Definitely it would be worthy of a high standard, compared to a 7-RIDE object in a group that enjoys.
