If you look at this show for the first time, you can start asking yourself if you are in another situation. Colorful and thoughtful characters? Entertainment talks? Plots that seem to have their own depth, even creating at least a lot of doubts and drama? I mean, is this the right of children shown right? This is a place that brings children such as "Pokemon", "Pepper Ann", "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers", and "VR Troopers" (Please note that the three names mentioned above are the loss of Japanese sales, with respect to the Web of Fox and Saban Entertainment. Don't worry, you are just a sample of the quality price that was available to children in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Some examples of this period will be "Transformers", "Garfield and Friends", "Captain Force", and "COPS" (cartoon should not be confused with the action action action on Fox). In addition to these great examples, Disney also returned to the plans for child reunification, coming with a line called "The Disney Afternoon". In addition to the low-down show called "Gummi Bears", it looks like "Darkwing Duck", "Duck Tales", and "Chip" N Rescue Rangers "gave praise to the Disney animation teams that were also moving out of the sessions The exhibition as "Little Mermaid", "Beauty and Animal", "Saved Under", and "Detective Mouse Detective". But on all these wonders it shines "TaleSpin". The first "Border and Rain" was a two-hour trip, and won Emmy. I am very happy, all times have agreed with the first promise. I liked the plots and discussions, I think it's a great attraction to the characters. There is Rebecca Cunningham, a free woman, but still does not know; Cloud bed, full of youth and hope; Louie, faithfully and with her help; Frank Wildcat, the most leisure engineer since Scotty on the original "Star Trek"; Molly Cunningham, a good and brave, but in a deep sense that many children of children do not, and of course, all of them, there are Baloo, who I would like to describe as a slobby version of James Bond. This is because at any time there is a problem, Baloo saves the day with the help of a sleeker-than-most, the most urgent of all the Duck Sea (Read: Aston Martin James Bond). Of course every great show has to have good criminals, and TaleSpin is not recommended here. From the megalomania of Shere Kahn trader, for free and constant pirate to lose Don Karnage, to the Soviet-satellite Thembrians of hilarious and inept. Animation is good, music is good, and events are (for me) the best that children's apps have ever given. Enjoy so much for the whole family!
