Ahh, Talespin! What can I say that is not already known about this great show? Nothing! Certainly it is one of the most well-written exhibitions that I have ever encountered, live acts or animations. The new features are the way also dropped to my taste, and some of the "mature" things must bring the children out of the room. But not Talespin. <br /> <br /> Stories are shared with very plausible. Some of them may even be introduced one or two hours for the film. Episodes as the Rainfall and Its Powerful fantasy are very interesting while still enjoying children and adults alike. Then there are fresh comedy events such as Bluest Baloo Bloods and stuck on you, where the emphasis is on hilarity. I can laugh myself with tears in a few chosen ones. The game's sporting feature is very short in most presentations (at least, which are not particularly targeted), especially in cartoons. In the rainy weather situation, for example, bed bed kit takes action to join the air circus, but Baloo believes it will be very dangerous. In the greatest battle of that part, Baloo explains Kit to stay away from Daring Dan, which Kit laments "No! You can't tell me what to do! YOU'RE * NOT * * MY * * DAD *!" and buys his face his river. The next day he comes out of the circus of the air. This kind of festival is a rarity in the cartoon, and it would entertain more in what was created today. The behavior is too much for them. Baloo is as good as he is in the Jungle Book, as well as or reducing the degree of laziness. Rebecca is a bold business woman whose views on earning money, during the good theory, are rarely good in practice. Molly is a beautiful little girl, but you can't let it deceive you. He can be a real hellion sometimes. Cloudkicker's character is more black than others. They do not believe the adults unless they ask him, and he has a tendency to break the relationship. Look at his words in the trophies and lightning when he hooks the hook: he looks like he liked to make it through the pirate. At the end, it is a drama with real chemistry among the characters that make this show # 1 in my book. The relationship between Baloo and Kit is very real, almost father and child. This is well illustrated in the Whale All Whale Whale when Baloo takes the word Kit for him that Seymour misuse in his animals rather than considering other adults. Baloo and Becky's relationship is also true, due to Baloo's motivation to work out to buy Buck Sea ol, not the desire to help Rebecca. But something tells me that if she had a duck again she could work for Rebecca. <br /> <br /> Sea Sea, not to mention all other birds in the series, is very good designed. Airplane functions have not changed once in a row (as long as it is hard to come too), and unlike many other "top flight" cartoons, they do not have one weapon on the board (unless you count solid!), And depend on it instead experimental experiments enough to get out of trouble. It's hard to think about a brave car that has no kind of gun turret, laser cannon, or even a handgun somewhere on the board. And the fact that they use their heads to get trouble is hard to find in these days of cartoon. Plus is such as creating a beautiful design! <br /> <br /> This is definitely the best cartoon. Forever. Period. Indeed worth ten stars!
