This movie makes a statement about Joseph Smith, what he stood up, and what believed the LDS church. For all the current news media of some people who have fled have been confused by the LDS church and the FLDS church and Warren Jeffs criminal offender. Jeffs is not affiliated with the LDS church and the international media groups have asked comments on Jeffs from the LDS church. Jeffs has not been mentioned in the film all the time but I think it's amazing that this film and all the points about Joseph also come from a few of the FLDS church and their leader this time in the media world. This is a movie about Joseph Smith and one great for it. Another distinction between Jeffs and Joseph is shown in Joseph's humanity, acceptance and love. Jeffs' comments and views are very different from Joseph Smith and the LDS Church and it appears in this film. Jeffs thinks of "Negro" as a demon. Joseph Smith knew that they were the children of God and gave the horse of his favorite wife to one African (former slave) to buy his son's freedom. Joseph is shown to work at home for his wife Emma and is judged by a member until Joseph tells him that a man can lose his wife in a second life if he chooses to wait with her husband and that doing work is a way to help and cherish your wife. Jeffs brought one of his local wives to the knees in front of the class full of pupils by holding her courage and misleading her with pain until she came to her knees. Eventually Joseph participated in law enforcement and asked for assistance from the government at all times. Jeffs shares his nose to the government and runs all the time. I loved this movie and if you don't know a lot about Joseph Smith and what it believed the LDS church, then this is a movie to see. And if you were to combine the LDS Church with the FLDS church then you really need to get your action together. We are not very different from anyone who believes in Jesus Christ, the marriage of marriage and family, and also the patriotic country and our country. We are quite different as you can find different Protestants, Presbyterian, Methodist, Baptist and Catholics. What is important is our message and what we stand for. This film experiment shows that there are a lot of Joseph's life that cannot be covered in only 2-hour movie. This was a very great show.
