Warning: swindlers. Joseph Smith's story stands as an amazing part - even moving - in American history and religious religious history. This movie shows the events in the life of Joseph Smith, who the Mormons people as a prophet of the restoration of the True Church of Jesus Christ on earth. I have seen this film twice in its first month of public display. Joseph Smith is first shown to be the youngest of the three brothers (Alvin, Hyrum & Joseph) who, very young, needed operation. Operation, carried out without our modern convenience, was bloody and tough. The area helped to show Smith's family cooperation and bonds between the brothers and between Joseph and his parents. Joseph / John's religious mix and future application that leads to what Mormons call the First World was apparently interesting. Jesus' face is never shown, but you see the impossibility of nails in his hands. Rejection by many religious leaders in his small New York community is at least interested in the marriage of Joseph and Emma. This movie does not mark the history of the Mormon Church history, but it only jumps from the event to the scene. This is not a definition - just remember about fashion. Normal and feathers are shown, and it is very important to move when Joseph will give a sermon on the love of the Savior to a colorless face since it has recently been attacked. <br /> <br /> The movie gently shows at the same time happy with the growth of Mormonism as a newborn church, while at the same time the persistent resistance and spread that spread in over local governments. <br>> <br /> The film shows many events from the life of Joseph, including a short time showing his relationship with Emma. The experiment takes place to show the depth and difficulty of Joseph's life, including his fierce love for his wife, his infinite love for children, wit, his courage in the face of bad and dangerous opposition, his religious ideas, and his compassion . If Joseph and Hyrum are climbing Carthage, let them go home alive, many of the characters from the movie, whose lives have been touched by Joseph, are shown along the way, and help to improve what they have already seen but to establish the last place to be and more powerful. Finally, Joseph and Hyrum's killings are shown, and film travelers are left to reflect on the events they have seen. When I saw the first movie I thought was made by the Church to introduce Joseph Smith to non-members. I no longer think that it's the case, although I hope the movie can do just that. As an inner person, I see that the film is a Joseph celebration and tightens the good things we know about him. I am eager to see how the outside people will see the film - if they see it as a propagandic, an epic story of an American religious man, or something else. <br /> <br /> Film has been shot, family friendly, moving and, hopefully, it's good for everyone. The fact that the events that have been shown in the United States are interesting to reflect on many aspects of our culture - including religious freedom and respect (in general) for the law - we modernize us.
