*** SPOILERS *** From hate and revenge Zed Provo, James Coburn, had spent 11 years ago in a group of escalated chain escape. What Provo wants more then freedom is even marked by a man who captured him and in the process, during the wild shot, was killed Navajo's wife: former Witness Pima Sam Burgade, Charlton Heston. Escape after killing two prison guards Provo makes his way to Yuma to know that not only where Burgade lives but where his little daughter Susan, Barbara Hershey, also lives. Using his fellow run to attract Burgade prisoners into the Great Arizona Desert, promising $ 30,000.00 in gold coins that he buried there, Provo plans to prove his bloodshed on Burgade. But after giving her daughter her daughter raped with fellow prisoners or, for she had no woman for years, such as rabbits during the fight season! The west and west west west that updates John Wayne 1956 classic "The Searchers" in father looking for a dangerous area India for his daughter kidnapped. Charlton Heston as convicted Sam Burgade injured in some way by killing Provo's wife and then dealing with the fact that one thing could happen to her daughter Susan is perfect in the role of aging and retirement. Charles Coburn as half of the revenge of Zach Provo's reproduction is also very good for having been overlooked by hatred and murder fled to death. A saved person and Provo have no interest in his personal affairs but they have no choice, for he knows the area like his back, but go with him. It's just the idea of ​​having their way with Susan, when Provo gives them a green light, plus $ 30,000.00 for gold coins that prevent them from breaking up and going their own way. <br /> <br /> Also go with Burgade is a partner of Susan Hal Brickman, Chris Mitchum, who shows finally that he is as good as Burgade, who felt he didn't have him in it, by tracking criminals who escaped and using the The most common, which in this case Burgade lacks, to do so. SPOILERS **** The non-brutal and bloodless violence that occurred between Burgade and Provo is very close to stay. Provo who Burgade's hatred was excommunicated for the right of a woman who wanted him to die slowly and badly. it was the hatred that Bugrade spent and after taking half of the half, so complete the thirst with blood, and no matter what, at the end of good!
