Somewhere near the bottom of the studio level of the film you can find companies like UFO, Troma and under them lies Seduction movies. <br /> <br /> Seduction is a direct production company video which specialize in lesbian themed, non-hardcore erotic movies. It has developed a basis for a volunteer fan who buys every new name as they are provided but sadly the company has been strongly associated with the Misty Mundae star. I say sadly because the recent common interest and appearance on the Masters of Horrors show has led to putting its centers a little more than the budget S.C's effort that enables the company to get a new identity. But back in their glorious days they gave this film to a very grateful world. Good Misty Mundae is compelled to attend a boarding school at the request of an absent father. At school she meets her hot room ignored by Ruby Larocca who once has her designs but the great woman (Barbara Joyce) has other plans. In a typical style of S.C movie stops every ten minutes to an extended sex but unlike most of their efforts this has some interesting stories and a few good performances. Mrs Larocca seems to have a good time as a gay pastor who sees Misty as a tasty meal and Darian Caine makes a welcome (though short) seem like Satan. This is a kind of film that Jess Franco would have dropped in 70 years (though this does not have the hard sex that Franco had always wanted to throw in foreign sales) and fans of such mad work would be wise to give him this go. To me, as a fan of a long-budget budget (and pastor of Troma), I came across the movies of Seduction movies through their lively films (Playmate of the apes, Who wants to be a billionaire erotic but really loved their original work. You can either see the lowest budget and acting repeatedly or get a share on these things and hate all these films. For me the most obvious thing connecting these non-budget movies is a real sense of fun. These low-budget companies can create their unique style that gives the viewer something quite different from bland, and numbers, label efforts that exceeds multiplexes. If you have never seen Seduction movies of this film or the Muslim Muslims (with two sisters of the Field) it is the best choice to start. This is a fun, fast film (though the regular outdoor school shots are getting younger) and the DVD is full and extra, including tons of other corporate charts, great behind the image and some feature deleted events including another opening. I recommend approving the bonus feature of the disc, the first film and the director, if it is quite weak and not worth watching.
