Struggling hard to hard, often western in the west of Peckinpah / Leone is amazingly directed by Andrew V. McLaglen, whose western west (especially those who received John Wayne) were particularly in the Ford Ford system. It's amazing traditional (bad guys / bad guys) and so amazing so far. Heston shows the former police captain of the Arizona area who has been retired for a year, having turned over the law's decision to sheriff who is willing to fix (Michael Parks) and find his way to enforce the law taken by autos, telegraphs, telephones, and railways in the early years of the 20th century. But recently he faces a risk from his past - a half-born blame (Coburn) that he put off more than ten years before trains robbery that kill four guards. In the future shoot, Coburn's wife was killed; and so Coburn is out of the worst kind of revenge. It involves kidnapping and, finally, rape of Heston's daughter (Hershey) and her and her group. The result is a taut and violent track through mountains and desert of southern Arizona. <br /> <br /> <br /> / The end of HARD, according to Brian Garfield's novel "Gun Down", is the violence in many areas, including the shock between Heston and Coburn, and the rape area involving Hershey and two members of the Coburn group (Quade, Paull) perhaps everything is involved as such in STRAW DOGS and DELIVERANCE. But that is not very misleading from the physiological method of the film in the west. McLaglen can handle a bloody story with a huge panache, and Heston's performance as an aging lawyer probably was the best he gave in any 1970s film. Coburn makes a very heavy blood, and all parks with Chris Mitchum (as a husband of Hershey wanted to make a good turn. The music here is locked by Jerry Goldsmith's logo to RIFLES 100 and the 1966 reference of STAGECOACH, but it still works here. Effectively closed completely on the eastern side of Arizona, and using Tucson of the Old, THE LAST WOMEN need to be given by Fox on VHS and / or DVD soon. It is west that is not worth nothing less.
