I was lucky to look at this without looking before testing. I was amazed at the courage of the image of the spirit in my mind the next day, and the next day. I have watched it 3-4 times, and every time I value it. The settings are beautiful, the evening city has a good lighting effect, many long shots, and the house itself has grown enough to moss. The main hero is good and beautiful nature, that he is easy to sympathized with. For someone who complained that he was not enough to 'play' in this film, I would say that it is because all the battles against the spirit are made by this man. It is a slow, slow film, with the most commonly used, pre-and post-attack attack, on developing its character and family and working life. SPOILERS SPEILERS / <br /> <br /> I liked to turn around, when he returns to the capital and meets someone helps him and tells about seeing spirits. She tells the black woman, and then at the end of the conversation she says she returns, because after all, what effect did she have on her? Another person says, "you can't return ... alone!" and gives the hero his dog. A good dog gives a small wind of comic aid, and enters the house and even in the locked room. Many of the most common spirit showings really saved me. The woman shows the middle of the bullet in the church, indicating that she is not afraid of the church, and is not too embarrassed or bound at home. This is the very beginning. Another unforgettable place was with children outside the church fence, looking at the funeral. As the camera pans to the right, the woman looks back among the stone stones. An older person will not look at all, but all children shout and scorn. Crreeepy ... Ghosts are usually hidden in shadows, giving them specific places or people. As mentioned, the crime and the fury of the soul is terrible, and I feel it is an attack and the end is perfect and perfect justice. The latter described the fact that the hero made a big mistake for returning home. Or perhaps he was marked no matter what, to save the gypsy girl. The boy who plays the hotel manager is so reliable, and really fills the role well. I have been spreading the word to my friends about how much I enjoyed this film, and it's sure to see others feel the same. I can see how people don't see a single criterion, especially if they entered it with a lot of review reviews. I think someone else has concluded when they said that this film was designed as a question of the Spirit or could harm someone physically. Whew .. I plan to look at it again tonight by The Changeling, aaww yeah. Any other movies suggest? <br /> <br /> Thank you,
