I loved the movies of haunted houses such as Amityville and Poltergeist, this has been made for the adoption of the TV book of Susan Hills a great deal on Hollywood fears. <br /> <br /> To give us a brilliant (many of the stars. it is a powerful spirit story. Herbert Wise did not need blood, violence, or gore to send down the muscles of the audience. Using your own thoughts, a woman in black is a symbol of fear and fear, and her presence has never been there before. <br /> <br /> The main character Arthur Kidd, a lawyer, learns about his invisible specter on his goal of staying wealth. The widow dies and Arthur spends a few nights in her dreary home where she sees many events, which can be annoying for several days. Some of these events are disturbed by claustrophobic, especially the locked room that opens itself, converts the generator and binds Arthur into the darkness. The film becomes even worse than putting on the Arthurs shoes, and its efforts to shake this spirit. The author puts many interesting enhancements in the story, the model being a retailer of tin soldiers. One has the desire to learn all the meaning. The fact that we have never learned a lot about the widow, leaves more thoughts and makes it worse. <br /> <br /> Widow for the most part, seems to be fierce and terrible. The event after reinforcing the generator revealed below me, a woman who looked without anywhere on a special river land and a wailing wind? after having such properties I can understand how this separation is. And the area in the guest house is probably the worst things I have seen, one I don't like to look at quickly or show them to older relatives. I've often been up at night to think he was behind me in my sleep. A woman in Black is a great movie of TV and a lost gem. I agree that a certain amount of this film is quite large and can see why people were desperate after spending more than £ 50 on it, but I think the net has failed the secret gems because it makes these films more transparent. I think it's still brilliant and fantastically acted and I think it's a great story of the spirit of the last century.
