New York, 1953. One hot day, four popular iconic figures will unite. Professor (Albert Einstein) has come to NY to give a speech, which he has, a senator (Joesph MacCarthy) behind him. Later that night she gets a surprise visitor; The famous actress (Marilyn Monroe). Who really wants to talk the theory of Relationships. Recently her husband-playing player (Joe DiMaggio) returns to the hotel room, wanting to work for their collision. Childhood publications, important events, the results of identifying their actions occur in showing how these people can cope with despair and fear of trying to leave. <br /> <br /> Now that's the same type! Based on the drama with Terry Johnson (who would also write the film's film), "Important" is an odd, incredible, deceptive, deceptive, and highly innovative of pop-culture innovation in the hands of director Nicolas Roeg. . This experimental experimental and brain effort can be rooted in its play-based nature, because it feels the performances and many actions occur at the top of the hotel and one great suite. The string of the string has strengthened the weather and the beaches of New York for great impact. However these shortcomings can not have the most beneficial and confident ideas that Roeg can blow up through the way of visual and material means. The way he thinks about the characters' (which is a well-known figure, without the need to use the name) philosophical journals and interpretations of their ideas are to stimulate the spiritual sense, and the intrinsic memory of current and visions that reflect their fears of realizations, which according to what you see is good, or implemented by hauntingly. There are many food ideas and ideas within the creative script (if it is sometimes odd), and the main focus on the current situation, but chaos gives us personal decisions (sex, power, lighting and glory) of what makes them who and how much load can be there already require life. Certainly the story can cause anything at the end, and it may feel confused, but the dream visions and mental processes give out those trophies and make sure they are never available. Peter Hannan's photo of the water and Stanley Myers' blues soundtrack is the most beautiful and fit for snugly and style guided by Styley and the leading style. He makes it seem like he is working with something big and big, but otherwise it's not the case with the little world created. The yield of the crop yields and areas of the entire period comes from enough. What made the film so interesting to make it boast from the four main ones. Perky Theresa Russell, a pleasant tone drop appeal to sexy actress pin-up is shown to grow that definitely held a film together with realistic and fun performance with Michael Emil as a professor. Tony Curtis is very happy as a magic hunter and Gary Busey is well suited to the gray as a war ball. Show on the small tasks, but exciting support happens that Will Sampson and Patrick Kilpatrick. <br /> <br /> A piece of silent, new and dynamic reflection of the metaphysiki power associated with many different levels. Some may find it very carefully and they are talking, but this is closed with me in his own small world so that he is very concerned about his shortcomings.
