I have been very good at Nicolas Roeg and "Walkabout" is one of my favorite films. This is a movie version of Roegs and while most of the films are held in the hotel room still has some of the Roegs movies that are visible. A very special story is about the famous actor (Theresa Russell) who has worked hard on a film in 1954 to go to the hotel to visit the famous professor (Michael Emil) and together in his hotel room. After a while she wants to go to bed with her but when they start to honor her husband who knocks at the door. Her husband is a famous baseball player (Gary Busey) and wants to know what's going on. Three of them in a hotel room talk about what is going on and what they hold up. At the same time, the famous senator (Tony Curtis) is risking to remove the professor's paper if they do not witness to the hearing. Theresa Russell is very good and when she does not really try to beat Marilyn Monroe does a wonderful job of stimulating the phobia atmosphere and shapes that Monroe is well known. One film that shows is not just a woman next to a mental break but to show her as well as physically. She says she can't have children and at one time in the movie being harassed. You can make a good case that this is the best performance of Russell and I probably don't. Film has an amazing thing in displaying many obstacles as characters continue to talk about one thing and in flashback we see one of the many reasons for their actions. Busey also provides good performance and reminds me of what a powerful perspective gives on the screen. Emil as a professor is a character that has many more things in his mind then we previously thought. The last part in this film is an exhibition on its black side! One of the most important aspects of my film is a few conversations with the elevator (Will Sampson's "Cuckoo Nest") and discussing what the Cherokee Indians think about all the time. But in fact the popular place in this film is where Russell shows to Emil how he understands the balanced theory and uses the fingers to show this. Professor is pleased with his demonstration and so we! Russell and Roeg are married in real life and are doing a good job in collaboration with this perhaps their best film together. Excellent performances and very interesting leading workings make this film a challenge and inspiring.
