Italy released many awesome and original films in the 1960s - and this is certainly one of them! The first thing you will see about Danse Macabre is the film style. Shot in a beautiful black and white, and because of Antonio Margheriti's director of lighting; The film almost looks like it can be a German expression of German. This, together with a line of fearful strategy ensures that Danse Macabre is a film that attracts the nervousness of fear. Of course, the fact that Barbara Steele's good looks in the film does not harm things - and good news continues as, in this film, she gets to change her muscles to act more than she did in a film that made it popular. This program is very familiar when this was released, and thus incorporates Edgar Allen Poe's greatest. We follow Alan Foster, a writer who receives a bet from Poe himself with Lord Blackwood that he can not spend the whole night in the old creepy old fortress. Everyone who has spent the night has died ... and our hero is almost to meet old wager users! These days, horrible films do not focus on each shot and the result is that there is no beauty left in that type. Therefore, it enjoys watching this film. Many shots here are very beautiful - from the female side of the couple dressed only to the skirt to see, for my personal favorite - a smoke shot goes from under the door. This is my first film Antonio Margheriti, and even after seeing this; It was obvious that he was one of the directors of the Italian Minister. Also interesting is the fact that the screenplay was co-written by another Italian greats; Django Designer Sergio Corbucci. The program can call very little time, but there is always enough to hand to make sure that the film is not quite available - and the fact that it is always pleasing, even when the plot decreases, ensures the same thing. The way Danse Macabre uses the head of the "haunted house" has done well and original, and helps keep stories as possible. In general, fans of Italian movies and / or worship do not want to lose this gem!
