I initially saw this movie as a teenager at the old Rialto Theater as part of the Saturday afternoon matinée bill that also showed "Man End of the World" of Vincent and Mario Castle of "Nightmare Castle". I had homosexual ghost dreams of blood for a week later! Although I did not know it, all three movies will appear to be normal. No wonder I was so scared! Although all three films stopped, it was the Castle of Blood which had a greater impact. It was the first on the bill. I have never seen it from the beginning when we came to the movie and we missed the first 20 minutes of the movie. That's a lot of mistake since published published only running about 79 minutes (unedited runs 87minutes). But in spite of this, the darkened state of the animal (full of destroyed castles, fogs, shadows and cobwebs), Gothic design, strong acting, and suspension (especially in the last 20 minutes) were afraid of mehaepers from me and made a lasting impression. It took years to finally get a copy of the film for my collection. Since it was France and Italian imports, it was not a movie that showed on the final show in Winnipeg. I did not remember the name (remember I did not see the beginning of the film and I was afraid of the course), and doing the worst things, the film was released under several different film titles (aka Danze Macabre, Terrorist Terror, Terrorist Fortress, Night Height) The terrorist, etc. ... and the name of the USA / UK "Castle of Blood" was a generator, similar to many of the "b" fears and waiting films, making it inappropriate. But thanks to the network and patience, I finally got it! What to treat eventually to watch the film in full after years! It may not have a great emotional impact that was made when I was a boy, but as haunted house-to-house movies, they stand well and compare well with similar films such as "The Haunting," "The Innocents" or "Sunday Sunday." Black, "The film is the first good efforts of Italian director Antonio Margheriti. With 60 stars shouting Barbara Steele's icon and shows a well-known screenplay by Sergio Corbucci about a skeptical writer (Georges Riviere) who, by bet, uses a night at haunted house and of course becomes part of the ghostly annual story. The hypnotic steele is well cast as spiritual interests - such as Arturo Dominici as Dr. Carmus, and Margarete Robsahm as Julia. Most of the techniques Margheriti employs to create atmospheric atmosphere (cobwebs, doors of revelation, fog, etc.) must be seen as a cliché for modern listeners, but it works more efficiently in black and white than they could in the modern color of the day. Instead of using physical calculations and special effects, the film creates an old fashion model, relying on good news, stylish trends, good production, attractive camera work, and good acting performances. Margheriti does a wonderful job to pick up these things and build a film as a horrible secret of the spread of the house gradually showing itself to an unknown author. <br /> <br /> The film is not wrong. These speeds occur at the beginning of the film (surprisingly, 20 minutes earlier). This may be even worse with Synapse films in order to restore the film to its original height. Although fans will enjoy the opportunity to see the film restored - according to intro - may be more restrictive than help. English audio Dubs can be approved and, in restored cases, language changes from English to French (English provided subtitles) that are certainly provoked to other viewers. However, Synapse movies should deserve quality of print. Certainly some efforts were placed in its restoration and accurately. I enjoyed this film very much and recommended it to the aficionados of Italian Italian movies, or anyone who enjoys a good story of the soul. <br /> <br /> Rob Rheubottom Winnipeg, MB Canada
