If you are a fan of Gothic fear, then you are certainly guaranteed to love this amazing Italian movie of 60 "Castle of Blood". We are talking about the doors of a spectacular mirror, photographs that appear to be moving, causing suitable candles though no wind and smoke come under the doors of the wooden room. Speaking of the situation and fashion, this beautiful piece of Gothic films is one of the best out there; only one small league under a symbol such as "black Sunday", "Third Eye of Fear" and "Woman's Curse". The famous Sergio Sergio Corbucci ("Silence General", "Django") and Antonio Margheriti ("Cannibal Apocalypse", "Killer Fish") succeed in all areas, including a powerful plot (one of which is a really motivating dream) places of the usual scenery and hide pictures, photographs of black and white, music spine and a good collection of talented artists. Barbara Steele, the star of the "Black Sunday" mentioned earlier by the Goth-Museum of Italy's first, shines again as a spiritual tragedy and she is surrounded by the best players. One of them, Silvano Tranquilli, even gives a true explanation of author Edgar Allan Poe. This story involves him and another rich guest of tavern village challenge the brutal journalist of accepting a few acceptances. As he ?? Alan Foster? he could live one night at Blackwood Castle, receiving an amazing reward of $ 10 and magazine interviews with Poe. Of course the problem is more risky than it seems, even for someone like Alan Foster who is connected who does not trust in ghosts and vampires. The night begins to be interesting, since she meets a very beautiful woman of her dreams, but gradually learns that Blackwood Castle is a place of hell where the ghosts of dead aliens are locked up forever. I don't know about you, but this is one of my buildings of the terrible movie of all time. Antonio Margheriti's co-director was clearly proud of this film too, because he saved himself a few years later as "Spider Web". The same had a few of the trumps, as for example the string under Klaus Kinski in the role of Edgar Allan Poe, but in general this is very large. The "Blood Fortress" focuses on the weather and holds any unstable location. This is one of the non-available films that can make hair on your hands and behind the neck to rise and panic if you look at it in good condition. Watch it late at night, preferably alone and in the lighting room, and you will get an idea about the true definition of fear.
