Today actors enjoy getting weight, the color of their hair, wear as slobs, and lose their beauty for the role, and Bette Davis was perhaps the actor who started the trend. Even as a beautiful woman who was always wearing design clothes and Constance Bennett-type exhibitions in the film, Davis was ready to bother herself to create external and internal behaviors. The decision is shown here in his film around, "The Human Bondage," where his stars and Leslie Howard as Philip Carey. Davis plays Mildred, slutty, manipulative, disappointed under life for Howard's eyeschistic, club-footed Philip. He meets him first when he is a waitress, and allows him to take him out of the supper with a reminder when he is a good old man (Alan Hale Sr.). In fact, Mildred is hated by Philip's foot. In turn, Philip seems to enjoy the abuse of his flirtation clear and cool towards him. He allows Mildred to give her a dry blood between a boyfriend who helps her when they are tired, while striking beautiful women (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee). When he gets gumption out, Mildred takes his home and inspires him, forcing him to quit school and lose his home. <br /> <br /> "In Human Bondage" appears rather than closed today for parts. Although Leslie Howard was a good and interesting actor, his acting style is an old school, and for that reason, it tends to whatever he enters. He shines in the material as his role against Davis in "It's Love I Have After" or "Puli Forest" which calls for its kind of approach. His dated work is more obvious here because Davis had created a new land effectively, the evil that would make his name. If she appears sometimes over, she came out of the action, and the film's tricking will happen later for her. Unlike this performance and prevention, the warmth and gentleness of his Henriette in "All This, and Heavenly To Them" or pathos that brought "The Darkness of Darkness." He was a real actress and a real artist. Davis actually allows himself to be seen as a holy hell; Mildred's deterioration is quite exciting as Philip appears to be strong as his soul rests. <br /> <br /> The best film that will see the bitterness of one of the biggest film stars.
