When I saw that this film was only 80 minutes, I thought we had been in trouble. Providing a major filming of Wilson Somerset Maugham under a movie that falls under an hour and a half seemed like a disaster trying to happen. But you know, the film is not half bad, and it will even be able to store a lot of what makes the book so much for its readers. I've heard a lot of films that deny that Leslie Howard was a hammer of the actress's rainbow, and he was, but I can't imagine anyone who is more suitable to play the role of Philip Carey than a rainbow, of course that Carey is. . Howard does well for him, which means you want to bother him and hit your head regularly, then take him out and buy him a spine. Ah, and then there is Bette, like a girl who Carey is considered and who brings her world down to her. I did not know what Mildred's talent was in the book, and the movie remains true for that explanation. But if you played with Davis, he becomes a very interesting character in the story, and if it's bad and unknown, he's at least the most powerful person on the screen at any time. Davis's performance here is characterized by changing the motion of the screen, as Brando will do almost 20 years later when he shouted "Stella !!" in a well known tennesee Williams play, and it's not hard to see what. Davis is intense for a terrible action. He struggles to overcome any sympathy from the audience, and he allows himself to be a bad and waslamorous appearance. His appearance when Carey has gone to the film to see him dead or almost dead to an unknown disease (although not the most careful attention is being concealed from the fact that it is STD) is amazing. Of course, it helps that this film has been published before the Code of Production came into effect; if it was done a year later, you can beat the different beings. Yes, a lot of novels, and many of its most interesting places, are left on the floor of the cutting room, and the story is about Carey and Mildred and not more. I found that it was the smallest and most interesting part of the Maugham novel, but it is a place that gives her a title and it seems to be a place where readers are still interested, so it is given as a wise decision on the part of the filmmakers they chose to change the novel by the way they did. Bridge: B +
