The story has already been beaten, what to change the behavior of character, but Leslie Howard and Bette Davis showed a picture of Philip Carey, a lover of love with Mildred Rogers, something unworthy of his love, adding this film on a common melodrama. Humble, cultured Philip, who with many pictures is the first imprisonment of his favorite and then his sympathy for Mildred is not different from Howard's behavior was playing a few years later - Ashley Wilkes, South African gentleman also cleaned and the honor to do so in the worst of the Rehabilitation period. Philip actually seems to resign to the ambition even before Mildred has not entered into the picture? He will not seem to be particularly surprised when his art teacher tells him we will not do as an artist. Perhaps this is a deficit, this expectation reduces the cockney of self-serving as long as he does. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <3 Although Leslie Howard was not remembered, today the "Human Bondage" as a picture of Bette Davis, perhaps because of the known story of how he had to fight Jack Warner to get a part Mildred, and maybe also because the film viewers tend to favor the characters and their type of brash energy. Mildred may have a grating voice, but she also has the beauty of a crystal-colored girl, and so it is understandable that Philip let himself for as long as he did. Although the Mildred eater is often seen as one direction, he is compassionate to the viewer as often as he becomes ill and knows that Philip is the only person who has looked after him. One can also think that he is on something when he claims Philip to look down at him to be "good" enough. (The place where Philip and Norah remove romance newspapers as trash for girls in the kitchen seems to prove this). Most of the relevant characters are also working, especially Norah a good romantic writer who loves Philip but knows he can never compete with Mildred and Sally who has Mildred's beauty and beauty of Norah and he emerges as a woman deserves Philip will be paid the last. The only character I found in the hole was Sally's eccentric, ale slurping father aristocratic who looked like a stock character from the original era. It is a classic that deserves praise.
