The full performance of Bette Davis is that it is hard to remember other female players. They were perfect in their part as Davis was in it - they didn't have much to do. Some viewers saw that the book was very good - it was just to give the film, by downloading the book of 600 to 83 minutes, not meaning. The first part of the book did not even make it on the screen - it said about Phillip's childhood, then moving to Germany and Paris, where Phillip has gone to try to do well as an artist. It also writes his first romance - and Fanny Price, who commits suicide when he knows Phillip can't return to his love feelings. It is a wonderful book but it runs away and I think that anyone who doesn't think so much of the film should read the book and find out how good it is. After realizing that he will be just a good painter, Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) returns to England with the hope of taking medicine. When out of the tearoom meets a powerful minister, Mildred (Bette Davis). Although he has no interest in him and essentially treats him as dirt, Phillip has been ignored. It's very hard to watch his efforts in trying to get any peace in this bad shrew. In one place he promises to meet him in the second class of rail rail, while they almost compete, he berates him "why I wait in the second class waiting room when there is one first class available". You just want to shake. The only time he pleases is when he tells him he will go another man, a good salesman, Emile Miller (Alan Hale). With Mildred out of the picture, he meets Nora (Kay Johnson) a beautiful woman, who writes a romantic novel under the male pseudonym. He announces popularity books enjoys among servants (in the novel he saw Mildred reading.) Nora gives Phillip love and courage he needs but he cannot return to his love. Mildred when he returns (Miller was not married to him and has a child), of course he cares for and helps him with a child (in the film is treated as something - called "baby", never given a name or gender) - he brings it back to the run with his best friend. <br /> <br /> In the hospital meets Sally Athelny (Frances Dee) who visits her sick father. He begins to visit his home and for the first time in his life he finds a family situation. Then surprise! surprise! Mildred returns as bad money and surprise! Philip takes him in. But he has changed and he feels embarrassed when he tries to show appreciation for the only way he knows. Then follows one of the evil battles, the words on the film with words like "you cad, you dirty pig", "I just kissed because you ask me" and "when you went and struck my mouth, I hit MOUTH MY" !!! In a lot of Mildred's stock phrases such as "you are a gentleman for every word of the word", "I don't know", and "Mr. General and Powerful" were associated with prostitutes and when Phillip met him for the first time he was hit by that . <br /> <br /> The end of the film shows Phillip (without being completely free with Mildred in the only way possible) now free to love Sally. Again in the book Sally tells Phillip that he thinks he has a child but that makes him more confident of his love. At the end, as Mildred's "disease" could not be in the film - even before the code. Kay Johnson had been called repeatedly to play the wise women, who believed - which he played in full if he was definitely wise himself. His hour Philip was to stay with him. Frances Dee was one of the most beautiful of buttons. He was skipping with skill and certain responsibilities that proved that it was not just a good face ("Secret of Money" and "Money Blood") but when he married Joel McCrea his work began to decline. His sally did not push his talent to the limits. It seems Leslie Howard was not very helpful for Bette Davis on the set - he was angry that the English actor was not given part. He was throwing his lines "when reading a book away from the camera". He began to take interest when the newspaper reported "the child was leaving the picture" !!! Highly, It was highly recommended.
