Read the website of Bette Davis one can find incidents where the authors claim that nothing special about its acting. I even found a website that claimed that Bette Davis's success was probably due to her fortune. But Mrs Davis's 1934 films say the opposite. The most obvious example is two films that made only a few weeks: fog on Frisco and Human Bondage. The stories he played in these movies, although all are negative, are quite different. Arlene in the past is a beautiful heiress, beautiful and highly frivolous and more beautiful character than Mildred in the end, which is colored, inexperienced and non-confident Cockney waitress. Needless to say that Mrs. Davis played all the real characters with the same enthusiasm. But yet not all. The point is that the old role, which would have been desired by many actors of that day, was the one who had to play. The last role, which seemed to be the most improper actors, the task of destroying the job, was the one who fought hard for months. And it was the last responsibility that brought him out of the greatest stars. So there is no question that Mrs. Davis knew from the beginning what she did. <br /> <br /> Film, which says about medical student Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) that comes with joy with love and Cockney waitress Mildred Rogers (Bette Davis), has several weekly points, but many more powerful. The story is too big to be told just 83 minutes. For example, it is not clear why the student who was cleaned received any interest for the powerful staff in the first place. Well, there is one area that we are seeing the eyes of Ms Davis, but this is when his feelings have already changed completely. However, the integrity of the story is preserved by the best actors from Howard and Davis with the incredible Steiner music that describes tons of emotions even when we do not see the faces of the characters. In fact, the film is connected to the Phillip Walking system to show him from the back to add and repeat twice to repeat the tone. Everything is widely thought - Max Steiner wrote a good leitmotif for every woman in Phillip's life, which is used frequently through the film. And the beautiful place that we see Sally's face in front of the calendar is one of the most beautiful events I have ever seen because of the beauty of Francis Dee (Ms Dee was in a very good way to lead the leading and winding position) with the music The attraction of Steiner. The camera camera among other events is also original and fun. <br /> <br /> But my biggest criticism is that events are presented also two-dimensionally, which leads the viewer that Mildred is the last slut. Most disgusting characters should be men who influence him in a relationship, even though they know that they will seek him after they have used him, but they, surprisingly, have been perfected as the best characters. After all, Mildred always - in his own way, but still the way of loyalty - allows Phillip to know that he despises him and did not interest him. Which refuses to hear. It is Phillips's natural wonders connected with his foot experience and club which is the main reason for his love problem. He is a slave of his foot club like Mildred and maybe he should be free of all to start a normal life. Of course, Mildred is self-centered and wise, having discovered Phillip's voluntary slavery, made his own part to make his life in hell. Even considering that he exploded after realizing that slavery had opened, it was less clear why he could burn Phillip's money (Maugham wanted a difference in his novel). After all, he can also steal and drink logagne. For modern filming standards are short-lived, but every time you follow, you can explore new interesting details due to quality, music and original editing, so it deserves the highest score.
