This 1934 summary of Somerset Maugham novels put Bette Davis on the map as a film actor. He could win the Academy Award for his performance but the films were made on credit, so his studio did not expel him. His work in this is not recommended well by today's standards. As an unresponsive minister who tries Philip, a good medical student, near and nearly ruins his life, Davis is also an amazing way, near the demon. Director John Cromwell, who regularly performed a good performer from his actors, perhaps had been troubled by this. Davis can be seen, indeed, but so is strident with enemies as it seems to be difficult human. I think Millie's behavior is heavier, less feminine than Davis, and perhaps touch of tomboy. Davis is a great and quick presence of no secret air, which leads to the possibility of Philip to appear as more awake than it should be. <br /> <br /> Like Philip, Leslie Howard is the best. His, it looks good looks good is perfect for this failed esthete. Then he puts a personal interpretation on that side, as, say, Dirk Bogarde may have done, which makes his work clear. He is very visible in control here, if he should be, playing the intellectual person who is in a trap of senseless feelings that he cannot manage or even fully satisfy, as something of his love makes him in ways that he cannot understand. Howard was a good actor, often beaten in romantic places that forced him to return to the charm, which he does not use here. It has been a long time since I've read the book I don't feel to comment on the fidelity of the film. I think it captures the spirit of the story well, and that it has in Howard's complete Philip Carey. Sexual harassment is disturbed, and sometimes Philip does so deliberately that for a lack of sexual sensitivity makes a person to wonder about the purity of behavior, certainly not the intention of Mr. Maugham. Thanks to Howard's performance, Philip continues to focus on, as one can see in his various responses and desires of Millie enough that a sensible mind will understand that it is useless, in himself and others. Overall, a very good film, often beaten in time, due to its age, convinces London well, and has been done well for the most part.
