I happen as Leslie Howard, in his best films. However, for some reason, its performance in SPIRITUAL BREAD has never been highly motivated. I first saw the film on my college committee in 1972 and the newspaper inspector made a comment that in the 1930s and 1940 Howard did the work that was taken later by Dirk Bogard as a born-born man. This is not usually the case (off the hand I think of Ashley Wilkes as someone who could be betrayed, if she and Scarlett O'Hara were meant to have a product with Margaret Mitchell - but Ashley love Meloni, not Scarlett). Howard could play any kind, and role like RJ Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins is not a man left. * * One can make a case that Philip Armstrong Scott has been sent by two visitors showing hospitality in 49th PARALLEL, but it is a Nazi who sees him - a game of liberal, western, Canadian - right to cross twice in war time. and emotional betrayal, and Howard does not decrease as a result, but faces Nazi and capture one after the beat.) <br /> <br /> I think what the viewer means is that Howard could be a soul - or trying to be a soul. Witness his poet - dream - player in PETRIFIED FORREST. But this character has not been betrayed, except for history perhaps (as he feels its kind is like out of date as a gangster played by Humphrey Bogart). Philip Carey's behavior in Somerset's AIDS pandemic is also a heart. He is sensitive to several reasons. He has an interest in art and tries to be a painter - but unlike Strickland's artist in GOD AND SIXPENCE has no real talent. So he decides to focus on medical studies, with the foot condition of the club he has. Here he is a little self-respectable person who has been established to get. <br /> <br /> Philip finds that considering through Mildred Cockney waitress (Bette Davis) who is a mercenary and as selfish as they come. Why Philip falls for him not really dealt with in the film, but he sees a woman attractive. And she finds a simple food ticket. Amazingly because she has been so impressed with this slut, Philip cannot see two other women who please her (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee), and are more likely to be her partner. She also continues to surrender Davis when she has issues with other people (Alan Hale and Reginald Denny - end of Howard's friend). Even though Howard's behavior finds Philip's behavior towards Mildred, it doesn't give enough enthusiasm (until the end of the film, when it returns). That is why I see I have never been concerned about its performance here - there is no truth. Later he was attacked by insisting in the UK and WIND that he loves Olivia De Haviland, and not Vivian Leigh, he has more stability and man with love. But Davis's performance as Mildred makes the film important. He had various parts until 1934, as a pianist partner of the deaf in a god who played GOD or heyress who was killed in FOG OVER FRISCO or secretary-like as the third secretary in MATCH. As Mildred finally demonstrated that he could be a great actor for playing bitch of selfishness. Amazingly his performance is not one mark. When he uses and uses Howard for two-thirds of the film, he comes to the famous place that shows how he had kissed him, made his last events that he too could fall because of the deterioration of his health, and the inability to put on work any trust. When Howard refuses his audience fails to realize how bad he is (he asks what happened to his child - he tells the child who died and Howard says violently that he is happy, which is not the answer he is expecting). Finally Howard finally got his life, but Mildred has stopped injuries (by his death his death was discovered by his former sister Denny for medical calls). The image of Motion Picture of Art and Science has failed to appoint Davis in 1934 (leading to a great writing campaign in its history, and a lasting change in its laws), but Davis was established as a star. In a year he won Oscar as Joyce Heth in DANGEROUS. And in two years he joined with Howard again (like the same star) in PETRIFIED FORREST.
