This film is about sex damage. Bette Davis plays Mildred. This is a woman whom people are attracted to. Not because she is a beautiful girl but because she is a sex link. Now the film does not come out and say it but it is obvious. There is a scene in the movie that all men go to his eyes on it. He works as a waiter in a coffee shop, he cannot read and not anyone looks at him but a player. It is obvious that male customers in the coffee shop are there because of it. One day Phillip club club failed a medical student man comes to the shop to say a good word to his friend but he is busy when he sees her. She starts to buy her things even to pay for her home. At the same time he sees other people and he makes the secret of it. He dreams about him as he is an angel, but he is not an angel. He always thinks about it. His school studies are even failures. So what nookie is very good. He wants to marry her but he rejects her because she is another brother. He always gives Phil to know he has no feelings of love at all. She is disappointed but meets another woman. They seem to be fine but obviously still has a dream of Bimbo. Mildred does return with the baby and is not married. Phillip takes him back, but he starts out with his friend, the light tap comes slowly and runs away. He does what he knows to work so he tries to deceive him, well does not work and he reduces his money money. Oh we have the foot of the club that has trouble about, even if the street boy who has the same problem he tells him removes it. She meets another girl named Sally we have a meeting in March that shows her aging when she fights with him still waiting for Mildred. In fact he does not have school studies, he can't get a job. Finally Sally and his father take it into him. It is not before another March of the Time to show him coming down. Recently his uncle raised him dies and gets money to become a doctor. At the same time she gets Mildred again. They have TB. At the same time he still leads Sally under Primrose's way of marriage and takes over the work. Finally the mortality dies and Phillip says he is free now and will marry Sally. I wanted to tell him to do these things. Now I know that taking me on the characters will not get any points. But I feel Phillip was a bad person. Yes Mildred is a Strumpet but he knows, and he keeps coming back. He means he has two other friends who love him but he is concerned as attractions. I think sex was not good. But in any case she dogs those women waiting for Mildred. Not only does Mildred's pregnant woman get married and when Philip asks her what she wants to do about the child (apparently the baby's name) laughs gone, she is not interested in helping the child and she is rich. Sally's father has 9 children say very good about women but he is said to be a traditional man. Philip doesn't seem to refuse his feelings either. Men use Mildred as Toy Toy but men in this film come as worried. Yes, she was not an honorable woman but a human being. I was Philip who had a real problem and it was his sexual disease for Mildred.
