After 21 movies and three years of work in Hollywood Bette Davis finally got a role that he claimed as himself and that has strengthened him as a number. As Mildred Rogers, Davis came out of the absolute responsibility of concern which is the ultimate goal of Leslie Howard's advice, and already having the intention to sink teeth in such a role, he had no reputation for bad things his behavior meant to do in any period films and bad changes that he would go. It is also well known that its performance here, one of the few things that makes this film unlikely, has become one to remember even after two remake and events where she rips in Howard have done a movie history. <Br>> At 85 minutes, the story goes faster, describing the story of Philip Carey (Howard) as the cross of his life belongs to Mildred Rogers with constant damage. <br /> <br /> Howard and Davis' chemistry are all but nonexistent - Davis continued in future interviews later in life he was not too worried for the iciness towards him and which helped make the worst (in character) to him as Mildred. Also, these two appear to have no one else; Their collective events continue to be difficult, only used by the ease of weakness Davis brings to its lines and its nervous presence. Then again, the direction of Cromwell has a certain feeling on itself that can not come sometimes - he tries to fill a certain position (whenever Davis does not exist) and delete the montages that indicate the passing of time (overtime over Frances Dee). All in the background back then. This was before technology and the hardened camera tablets, and in fact, the visual story is simple, the essential translation of Somerset Maugham's novel - which says a lot, as on page 600, "The Bondage of Human" would actually have been difficult for the film however. The story of the story, feels that Philip Carey could be a hobby, because there is not enough attraction, gender between him and Mildred to create that, Mildred does not hide his anger from going . Howard's performance is not seen through many external impressions - his eyes are always sad, his words will not be far away from lost (may be nearly a distant daughter to William Hurt in the "Right Tourist" - destroyed, hurt, and completely passive), but this it is likely to be part of his character and because he fails to see that other women (played by Kay Johnson and Frances Dee) are making themselves vulnerable to unintended suggestions. Surprisingly, Norah's Johnson, once aware of Carey's never going to fall for him, is writing his story and his observation that people are prisoners and others - he is responsible for Carey as Carey tied to Mildred, and Mildred himself bound to Miller ( or men involved with the service provider. In his short but unpopular area, he is responsible for the essence of the story.
