I thought this would be a sequel for the original "36th Party of Shaolin" but in fact it is more than a "sister" of fierce heart. Gordon Liu remains a star as a hero could be an effort to learn kung fu win those pesky manchus ... but this time around with lighter and more comedic. The film revolves around the color mill, where salaries are cut off from the lease of 10 new Manchurian bosses. Liu plays "Chao", who can interrupt the head of the mill in thinking he is the shaolin ruler of magical kung fu. But his fortune comes out, looks like a fraud, and promises the mill crew that he will go to the Shaolin monastery to learn kung fu, and return to preserve them. <br /> <br /> Comedy really begins in a monastery where Chao makes several delivery efforts to be accepted. This puts a lot of fun time, and lots of fight to fight. Continuing in the "36 Chamber" culture we see all kinds of neat and attractive techniques (and supremely hokey) training in the monastery center with the use of wooden desks like weapons. It is also unique and the notebook is a combination of kung fu and a bamboo building. Chao is unacceptable as a student in Shaolin but has been made to create a spoon of bamboo for the "10-year restoration" of the monastery. In the DVD I bought there was a special building on bamboo building and inspiration that director Lau Kar-Leung drew from. This is the trick hundreds (maybe thousands) of old years, and in Hong Kong scaffold is still built of bamboo even on a large high-rises, though West alone spends steel tubes and clamps. Due to its work platform, Chao develops a special style of kung fu ... when asked what kind of it, he hilariously answers "scaffold kung fu !!" which he tries first during dust and Abbot's monastery. In the final battle with Manchus, there is a dazzling layer of creative use of bamboo trees and ties. <br /> <br /> From a comic view, I think it's one of the best Ghanaian kung fu. If the kung fu film in general, also appears ... I recommend it to anyone!
