Returning to the 36th Judge is one of the Kung-Fu films that Shaw produces in the 70's and 80 years, whose species are similar to the western spaghetti of Hollywood, and the protagonist Gordon Liu, his clint Eastwood Clint. Adapted to the digit and new printing made by Fest Fest Fest, this is "Released in Shaw Scope", as well as good old days. This video is a simple story of good and evil, told in Acts 3, which overrides more details of military films at the time. The First Act sets the premise. Workers in the village village of a small village are unhappy with their quantity, since their salary is cut by 20 percent by the groups that enter. He can not do much on their exploitation because none of them are military skills to take gangsters, and their boss. For the first time they had little success in getting Liu to perform a professional Shaolin specialist (one of the best comedy series), but their rouse was revealed when they reduced the limit of honesty by trying too often. <br /> <br> The Second Act shows the protagonist who wants to return to the group. However, without the military truth, he begins to go to the Shaolin Temple, try and intervene and learn military art on sly. After a short time of being beaten, he finally gets accepted by abbot (who pretended!) But he has broken his way through teaching - kinda like Mr Miyagi's style in Karate Kid, but instead of a flower painting, he gets to create scaffoldings around the temple. Nothing can stop a good person, and without knowledge builds strength, endurance and learning the wrong way. The third rule is the place where war begins. With good sound effects, all obvious non-film is given a great impact treatment. But it's more relaxing to watch the scenes fighting here, and its angled shots to show clearly and deeply between sparring partners, and the slow-motion use only to show stunts in different angles. You can get the speed of the tad fighter slow, and pause between action, but with Yuen Wo Ping and his style used ad-nausem in Hollywood flicks, they certainly don't make the fight scenes like they were! Returning to the 36th room finds a repeat review on Monday, so if you have a nostalgic trip game under the memory line, what are you waiting for?
