Well, here is another bad example of making an awkward film 70! The rudimentary cluster of "Is that the case is Helen?" it is awesome and quite exciting, but it has been presented in modern and modern style! In the hands of other filmmakers, this of course would have been a bad and humiliating story, but with director Curtis Harrington ("Anyone Who Auntie Roo?") And composer Henry Farrell ("Hush ?? Hush ?? Sweet Charlotte") for payment, it became a beautiful and amazing mix of themes and forms. The basic film program is definitely awesome, but there is much more experience, like the story of love, the atmosphere around 1930 and a lot of singing and playing to tap! The order is undoubtedly what makes this film unique. We are behind the 1930s, with a small indication of the era of religious, religious, exhibition business and textiles. Following a long and stimulating case that sentenced their children to life imprisonment, Adelle (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) have fled to California and tried to start a new school dance school for young skilled girls. Especially Adelle is actively involved in a new environment, because she likes the local marketer, but little Helen continues to sink to a minimum of deficit and paranoia. He only listens to the voice of the radio evangelist, fear that he will be punished for his son's crimes and slowly develops bad habits. Script, though not entirely wrong, is well written and the film is sufficient enough. There is no good time in "What's the matter with Helen", although singing, playing with a pipe and cucumber is completely extended and there is no connection to the real plot. But the environment continues to be bad and the film fits the benefit from the bright performance of Shelley Winters. He is shocked as a woman who cannot predict and introduce a woman who will stop second and, especially during the last ten minutes or so, seems to be worse than Freddy Kruegers all, Jason Voorhees 'and Michael Myers' together! There are a number of supporters who are, sadly, developed a little and stealing from their potential, like Micheal MacLiammóir as a teacher of eloy elocution, Agnes Moorehead as a proud pastor and Timothy Carey as a good guest house of women. There are a number of amazing surprises and moments of real shock to enjoy the main fanatics of Guignol among us, but especially the pieces of set and textile designs (even nominations for Oscar!) It is breathing.
