The background information of this story depends, very, very freely, on real-time events where this is installed. The story combines some of the details of the popular case of Leopold and Loeb with a bit of Aimee Semple McPherson. The story begins with two mothers (Shelley Winters and Debbie Reynolds) as they leave the court room. The crowd appears to be willing to cause them physical harm if their children were judged only by violent crimes. One person in the crowd appears to reduce the hand of Winters when they are going to the waiting car. Once they get home, they start to get threatening phones, so Reynolds shows that both have moved to the West Coast with the opening of a dance school. The dance school is a success and helps parents who are worried that their child is Shirley next Temple. One of the parents of these lost children is a multimillionaire who has been beaten with Reynolds and started dating. Life looks very good. But, when threatening calls start again, Winters respond by logging out - living as they are about to break down psychology and repeating more and continuing in religion - listening to the radio for 'Alma Alma' almost always. From time to time, you can see Winters on the edge and ultimately ending in the worst things! I won't say more, as it can damage this festive and interesting film. In many ways, this film is like Bette Davis films and Joan Crawford's 1960s as "Whatever happened to Baby Jane?", "Equally-Jacket" and "Nanny". Although none of these are ethical, the kitsch level is very happy and happy. Writing is very good and there are some beautiful beautiful close to the end that make it all very exciting. Winters are good as a greedy and beautiful woman and Reynolds plays one of the 39-year-olds I've seen - with him she can actually, really dance. My sole aim on all of this is that others can get hyper-religiosity of Winters in a little film - like a cheap attack on Christianity. At first I felt that, but when you met Sister Alma, she seemed to be honest and persuasive, so I took the religious zeal of Winters as a symbol of laziness - which, I think, is all planned. <Br /> <br /> Way, this movie is installed with "Anybody's Auntie Roo?" - Another Shelley Winters film horror from 1971. They are all great fun ... and quite high-top!
