A few of the smaller cinema movies are known as "Great Guignol Great Women": awesome camping films that have merged on top of the gothic and happy gothic and always starred with a forgotten player from the golden age for tasks non-identical with long-term victims or bad victims. This kind gave the usual exhibitors who were allowed to beat their items on the screen again and win new fans' fans at the cost of their favorite photos from yesterday. What is the case of Helen "is the last drop of this small genre and the incredible show of Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters as the worried mothers of two criminals who are fleeing from their former to California. The sun in the 1930s to open a talented school to feed the eager mother who want their daughters to be the next Shirley Temple. In California, Debbie gets excited, customers, cucumber, playing with pipe and new love interests (Dennis Weaver at the same time Shelley gets wacko and horrible fears, awesome unknown calls, awesome visitors, telling Agnes Moorehead as a radio preacher, good rabbit (!) and encounter an unfortunate with a fan of electricity (ouch!). <br /> <br /> Script inappropriate (written by Henry Farrell, a man who started all this kind and "Whatever happened to Baby Jane" with the director general Robert Aldrich, Joan Crawford and Bette Davis) are full of conspiracy holes, red skeletons and lost opportunities that would make this film beautiful: the foundation of the lost mother (with Debbie characters and Shelley as "failed mothers" and mother The star failure of the children) and the female female relationship (Debbie and Shelley relationship with the fact that a few male characters of this movie are either sin or anger even Dennis Weaver dream boat Texan) have gone a. Debbie Reynolds songs intervene and play drums, although they enjoy watching a lot of time of what is known as a psychological chiller. But this movie is very entertaining. Two stars and Curtis Harrington stylish patterns easily overcome its errors. The 1930 movie films are colorful and elegant (see Debbie's clothing!) Made with a very strong budget. The growing trend of madness and hysteria is really interesting and an amazing end that will be offensive for the day. And you can not easily forget that silly "Goody, beautiful" song that runs through either movies. And see Shelley Winters increasingly screw each of Debbie Reynolds space in fun is a hoot look! About 8 out of 10.
