Romantic comedies can actually go any way, you know? You will see one that is really sappy, and you will think you want something more realistic. Then, you will see one that is true, but it can be very bad to enable you. Or perhaps you will see one who does everything right, but fails to make you smile. Romantic comedies are complicated movies. You get into them with a lot of expectations, and usually, if you like it, it's just a matter that the movie would expect your expectations or that of a boy or girl next to you. <br /> <br /> Of course, if you have a girl around you, and you are a person like me, maybe it doesn't matter as much as the movie is any good, you have other things in your mind. For you, I say, "Go get, Tiger!" For some of us, I say, "Look at _A Guy Thing_." It's a lot of fun. Because _A Guy Thing_ knows you are getting into this film and prospects, so it doesn't make a "boy coming to meet a woman of his dreams, and not his wife!" The plot will make everyone happy. Certainly, maybe you like, but maybe it's not really good, or you think it's cruel. _A Guy Thing_ covers it. What _A Guy Thing_ is filling the screen with the best healing I have seen for a long time, so if you don't have a great plot, you still have something to make you smile. If we are talking about big-scale and small-scale fighters, like Larry Miller (Beautiful Woman, Good in Show), James Brolin (Traffic), Julie Hagerty (Bird!), David Koechner (Saturday night Live and Conan OBrien from time to time, Dirty Work, Austin II Power) or Thomas Lennon (Nature and Viva Variety), or new faces like Shawn Hatosy (Faculty), or Colin Foo (Saving Silverman), we talk about a group of talented artists and skilled people who know how to use the film's advantages, steal the show, from time to time, and still put a piece of energy with the unapproachable joy in the romantic comedies these days. That is not to prevent a romantic romantic line with stars that carry together, because it is very sweet and very bad. Jason Lee (Mallrats, Chasing Amy, Dogma, etc.) is touching as a little professional whose life can turn without control, and Selma Blair shows an inexpensive experience in showing a woman who wants a society and a modern woman every woman wants to marry except a boy who it's true. Most of the movie's achievements, though, falls to Julia Stiles, a beautiful girl in a good place at the wrong time, and well dressed. Not now, not, I don't know when, I have seen an actor in a romantic comedy that has fallen in love with him so easy. Of course, it is all around, sound, and curious about the trick, but it's magical, and it's one of the main reasons why we're going to the movies first. <br /> But Julie Stiles a little destruction of modernity will perish not in fact that all the lost have been very disappointed in their usual skills. This is a film that shows the broken world of non-connecting forms, making them fall on each other to make you laugh, and then comes with a great heart. Guy Thing is a movie you have seen before, and the filmmakers clearly knew that when they finished doing it. We haven't seen romantic interest since Shakespeare; The relative success of this or one depends on the implementation of the boy's story of the boy meets the girl. The Boy's style admits that with a limited metacinematic edge, often take scenes in ignorance to give the audience a chance to recognize strong emotions and old plot devices in play. It can also be interesting for the ethical and gender-oriented ideas that make up the middle of every romantic comedy, so even foreign women there can get a kick out of it. <br /> <br /> And guys, I think we can agree that we want our friends are like Jason Lee in this film. I will not destroy you, but when you try to explain to your partner why a pharmacist and clothing clerk is amongst the most cool dudes in the movie, I tell you you just say "It's a Child," and leave that time.
