I was already ready to hate this film, so I don't believe when I say this film is worth seeing. In general, stories and gag are available, but the film has a charm and finesse to pull. Gag Jason Jason thinks he has a crab, and he tries to let his master-in-law and his colleagues see him bragging himself not very intelligent, but has sent me into a frenzy of laughter. Very few films are on the face, but they made me laugh. As I said, the film has charm and charm can go for a long time. <br /> <br /> Anime enjoys, too. I must say I would like to see more of James Brolin's behavior, because he was hoot in very few cases he had. Further, I enjoy any romantic comedy which has guts do not make the character of the wife (who serves as an obstacle to the plot) the general wizard. Selma Blair's behavior cannot be seen, and there is no place where I thought my soul, "Why did you want to marry a woman?" The latter is Hollywood-ish, but it can be more schmaltzy more. Created by talented. I have never had a good view of Jason Lee's great work. I loved him very much in Kevin Smith's movies that I could not help but feel a desire to see him in these dopey tasks. And she can't look good in these dopey tasks. Even in this film, she does not look quite well, but she contributes to her own cents and effectively handle each area. But I still miss his work in the free film. Julia Stiles reaffirms why she is very attractive. Of course, she is a very beautiful girl with a delightful smile that makes me feel desperate, but also has a unique charm and seems to have a nice personality. In other words, its beauty shows in and out. I don't know the name of the actors, but the woman who plays the granny drunk is a hilarious. Julie Hagerty also has a small part, and she is happy to enjoy it always, which makes me get the best place. I loved him very much in "Birds" and "I lost America" ​​that is a shame he does not have the same opportunities to erase his skills. Do not get away with awesome trailers and records of the most frightening box office. This is a beautiful, interesting film. Romantic comedies find these days that feel like the genre itself is ready to fall under the toilet, so there is always a good look at these bad crops. My logo: 7 (between 10)
