I think this program with this movie is that you have 2 minutes of real time, realistic and makes a very good trailer and many people entered with expectations from the trailer and this time the film does not live up to the trailer. It is smaller and slows down to an exciting Cluster, and I think I see from the comments of people who love love / hate with this movie. However, if you're looking at this film why it's not and what it would have been about the cast talent, I think it's still very good. Julia Stiles is a clear star, she is honest and uncomfortable who puts amongst everyone to follow, she just hits and all the listeners love and she and Lee. Some of the cast, of course, the staff of testosterone filled with testosterone, his luxury son-in-law, his boyfriend Jim and the grandmother-all-do are doing a good job in a favorable and attractive atmosphere that makes Stiles stand in the first place. Lee does not live according to its cost, I don't think, but you can see that as more that it is difficult to live up to. Maybe that's one source of desire. The movie itself, in spite of a little slow and a few joke that doesn't come as funny as the author wanted, is still good and I have seen a rather intelligent video. The theme to consider and "take a safe way" seemed to connect carefully to several layers. For example, there was a perfect motif of how he could think of events but never did it up to the last location, or how he was hearing the radio program on the highway talking about how everyone cares, or how everything deals with Julia stiles' said and made has been dealt with those individual themes that have a safe and one option option. Something else about the movie is that it was a kind of comedy screwball which Jason Lee keeps lying his way through the movie and who through luck's luck (eg: a guy of medicine turns out to be a good chef) and a certain maneuver its side leaves for many parts. <br /> <br /> When it was not as I expected and there was little talent for destruction, but it is generally a good movie.
