It's not a great film like many people believe (including my aunt, who said it is his famous movie). But because of the beautiful parts of this film's film, especially that ultimately the famous "fun house" end, THE LADY from SHANGHAI has found a place of greater importance than it really worth as a key to the saga of Orson Welles' failure to win Hollywood. In 1946 the position of Welle as Hollywood model was mixed. CITIZEN KANE was not known as the main movie that was shown because of how it was being attacked by the Hearst media and by Hollywood's own self. The Welles experiment with total control (leadership and production and acting) of its movies seemed to threaten the whole system. His best work in this period was like Edward Rochester in JANE EYRE, shot by Robert Stevenson, but in fact he was beaten with a great deal (with Stevenson's blessings) and Welles. But the credit went to Stevenson. The only STRANGER, a film benefiting from the post-war interests in the flight of Nazi war crimes, made a profit. For five years on Hollywood was not a very big record. Welles returned to Broadway in 1946, hoping to expand its potential for global production in 80 days. But despite the help of Mike Todd, and Cole Porter writing the mark, music was a failure. His failure was made only one time that his wife, Rita Hayworth, was growing and displayed to the GILDA. So marriage was going on in the rocks as well. <br /> <br /> Welles had money - its Broadway production had caused its bankruptcy. He sold his interest in the possible film rights for KONDO to the Mouth for Todd (which would later be on the street), and also sold the film's ideas about the work of Henri Desire Landru and Charlie Chaplin, who was supposed to be led (and who turned out to be MONSIEUR VERDOUX). <br /> <br /> The story goes that the Welles, and the tax bill of $ 10,000.00 will be worried about, called Cohn and providing a filming service with Rita for a down payment. Cohn was ready to do it, but usually asked what the film was. It was a question of wisdom. Welles was on a payphone in New York in a pharmacy that had a book department. He found a book in the name of LADY from SHANGHAI, and was surprised that it was a great thriller. Somehow Welles believed Cohn commonly that Welles knew what he was talking about. Cohn said he would look at getting the right, and sent Welles his charge less than $ 10,000.00. After Cohn climbed Welles he bought a book and read it - and he realized it was very bad. He used the time to rewrite the treatment and screen that would create the Rita Elsa Bannister character. It really has developed a plot of pride. Michael O'Hara is a man / aged. Saves Elsa Bannister, when he appears to be attacked by bandits in the garden in San Francisco. Elsa is married to Arthur Bannister (Everett Sloane) a lawyer with a disability who has a good reputation. She persuades him to hire Michael as a skipper of their yacht. The trip also has a partner of Bannister George Grisby (Glenn Anders) and Sidney Broome (Ted De Corsia) who turns out to be employed by Bannister to look at Elsa. While Michael and Elsa try to find time together, but Broome or Grisby continues to be displayed. Grisby makes Michael give - he wants (for reasons linked to his sense of modern society) to stop, pretending to be dead. According to Grisby (the plot becomes bad here) he can still collect his life insurance (though he is dead?) And use it to run on the South Sea. He will pay Michael $ 10,000.00 if he will make Grisby's shot. This includes signing an assassination document (Michael does not know that the importation will remove the need to produce a corpse as all other evidence suggests that Grisby is probably dead). Of course Grisby's assassination by Michael is arrested for it, and for the murder of Broome (shot by Michael Michael). Michael is being tempted by Bannister to defend him, and he finds that the second-second job is because he wants Michael to be tried. Michael believes that Bannister is a real killer, and he can escape just before a decisive decision. He is bound out and placed in solitary confinement, and this leads to a popular chain of "fun house" and the conclusion of the film. It is a very confused movie (like I had a comment). That does not mean that it is not worth seeing - visually interesting. Witness fights between Michael and the police in the quarter of the trial judge, where he defeats the assistant in the book of the judge, breaking the glass. Or a vibrant use of photography capture Hayworth diving from the rock, looks on the lecherous Grisby binoculars. <br /> <br /> acting is good, especially Sloane (probably be a fine actor best film role). Glenn Anders was a famous Broadway actor. He rarely made movies before LADY from SHANGHAI, and his slimy Grisby is unknown. Also Ted De Corsia did very well with Broome -. Investigating who is really looking for his own interests, and his own cost <br /> <br /> As for Hayworth, he turns into a different functionality with many of what he had done before (BLOOD AND SAND, TALES OF MANHATTAN, and STRAWBERRY BLOND is different, and is a memorandum siren. Welles' O'Hara is a very common characteristic for an actor - likable but the person who does not know someone learns the hard way not to believe what the secret he wants to believe. Not KANE, AMBERSOMS, OTHELLO, TOUCH of EVIL, or CHIMES AT MIDNIGHT, but it's a good film of all.
