Well organized between STRANGER, a small photograph of a film that shows that Welles can work on a wonderful type of budget and at the time and the appearance of its great box office in forty years, and MACBETH, not Shakespeare budget in the west of the old Shets in the 23 days, comes IN IN SHORT, the black film of the film produced by the same fabric of the Wellesian mythes that covers AMBERSONS TIME, MR. ARKADIN and any other film director was not able to save from the categories of older labels. <br /> <br /> Six years after the FALCON OF MALTESE, and the passion of war after the film film film in full swing, Welles, always before its time, the true director of the vision of great artistic credibility, he saw the world of shadows of shades that are already black, beyond sin, paranoid and snakes than what his people did at that time. It is not surprising that the movie was not understood at his time, to the point that the full hour of the picture was ever left in the floor of the cutting room, and it was once again Europe which made it like the other classic Welles. <br /> <br /> Other frames to set out. The aquarium area with its shadows and shadows, and of course the Funhouse / Hall of Mirror finale which is like a classic piece of Wellesian brarel like any in CITIZEN KANE or HALAT. The only mistakes I get with the film are Welles' permits accent Irish and maybe some editing editions in the first act. This story is not suitable for speed testing, which cuts are only used to strengthen. I believe the best versions of Shangai and the Bersons are getting surreal quality for that. Welles would move himself to Europe for ten years and return in 1958 to give the second stone stone, the great TOUCH of Evil, perhaps the crown of film film that was already in his days of rest. Shangai was not the success of the star box of the star star for the first Hollywood star of the time, Rita Hayworth, it would have been, and the marriage of Welles and Hayworth was completed before the movie was removed. Sixty years later and at the bottom of the picture, Shangai is still one of the best films of one film that is possible to discover. Surely it should count something.
