Despite the love of Rita Hayworth, finding the final series of the film and being aware of some of the "example" movies, the woman from Shanghai did not work for me. I had a problem with a lot of displays, script and overall structure. And in a film that most people talk in different situations, that's a problem. Lady from Shanghai ended with "C" very low, or 7, for me. <br /> <br /> Lady from Shanghai is really about the behavior of Orson Welles, Michael O'Hara. O'Hara sees Elsa "Rosalie" Bannister (Rita Hayworth) in Central Park on a car ride and defeat him. Later, he saves him from entering and looking for him. O'Hara is an Irish host and globetrotting Elsa happens to have a yacht with her husband, Arthur (Everett Sloane), a very famous and powerful lawyer of California's defense. They say O'Hara to work for them, despite their initial reservations - it seems to him, and to the audience, that Elsa only wants someone to have a relationship with, and O'Hara do not want to participate. As soon as they go to work on their bicycle, a wonderful man, George Grisby (Glenn Anders), who says he is Arthur's lover, shows on the mobile port and begins to overcome the problem. Finally, Grisby asks O'Hara to intervene in a very good and dangerous plan. Foolishly, O'Hara agrees. It usually makes him quite a problem, and finally, the number of secrets is revealed. Maybe my problems and films are gripped in the fact that, so far, I am not actually a big fan of Orson Welles, and here, she produces, writes, leads and uses a lot of screen time. I have not seen anywhere near many of the works of Welles, but I have had the desire to enjoy her future films, when she was the most towering campus and performance. I love F for fake (Vérités et mensonges, 1974) for example, and I even like its kind of performance at Casino Royale (1967), when he insisted to be allowed to do magic techniques on the baccarat table, but Citizen Kane (1941) had never done much for me, despite giving 3 or 4 positions over the years (including a year ago, my rating was less than 7 - similar to my current score for Lady from Shanghai). The work of Welles and the discussion he has written for himself finds as affected and is involved with me. She is a bit of motormouth, a bit of boor, and a little monotone - she comes to hear as she reads. His work reminds me of what I saw in the Welles Moby Dick version (listed on IMD as 1999, but "completed" in 1971, can also be seen in Orson Welles: The One-Man Band (1995)), where he seems to be reading only by camera and believe that he is natural, sublimely great. I am also a person who almost never complains about the accents, but somehow Welles can make his Irish voice sound affected by my submission too. <br /> <br /> About other displays, I can only say I thought Hayworth did a good job. Of course he is good, not harmless. Many candy eye here. Like Welles, Sloane was also seen to have been very affected by my submission - I have never bought his character, his disability and so on, and Anders are just amazing where surprises don't seem appropriate. Welles often beat around anders almost every time he has an overview of the spread, manic on his sweaty face. <br /> <br /> Usually, Lady from Shanghai is very different. The first 50 minutes or so are very bland and soap-operation, although the opera soap service is experiencing a tortuous oblique. Once Grisby plans his plan, things take a bit, and especially improve if we close to the end. But by the time Lady from Shanghai becomes a film of crime / secrecy, it's a little too late, and quickly turns into a court game before suddenly, an exciting end that comes almost without place and is much more quickly to his skillful family. <br /> <br /> The end is more of a step-oriented, low-rooted conversation, more distinct and exotic in the environment, and sometimes, certainly abstract. Welles handles the hardware collection as a director. If the Lady from Shanghai would have significantly mixed the elements of crime / secrets to the end of arty, it could be at least 9. The last events easily 10, as Welles change from Hitchcockian celebration scene in the Chinese opera House of San Francisco on Another area of ​​doubt in the Chinese amusement park. The funhouse period uses movies that was an attempt at its time. It is well integrated with the script, since it allows a complex resolution and a lot of signals. <br /> <br /> The movie is everywhere interesting, even though it usually can't create problems before. Welles prevents scenes with skill. There are many interesting settings, from Central Park to Acapulco to different parts of San Francisco. Welles makes the backslides for its actions, from the forested trees and the rapid Acapulco drops on the Caribbean roads such as the Caribbean, the best shades of silhouetted of San Francisco Aquarium, and so on. Romantic material, which Aquarium serves as one part of the back, is incredibly angry and kind of losing in all films, but on the other hand, which makes romance never never works like romance. It is true that Welles fans will enjoy Lady from Shanghai more than me, and of course it is worth checking if you like Rita Hayworth. Lady from Shanghai is not a very horrible film, in my opinion, but it is dangerous around the "pass". Continue carefully.
