In NYC, the military commander Michael O'Hara (Orson Welles) saves Elsa Bannister (Rita Hayworth) from being beaten and raping while taking a horse and a car through Central Park - and lives sadly. Hayworth's hair head is a blonde in this one; as surprising as a snow-fall but there is no place near the clean ... \ t It is like deception as mirrors used for the effect of the decline of the last events - but the film holds the dark secret: From the NY Times: "The Shadows of Children: The Mystery of Black Dahlia killed" by Mary Pacios "Mary Pacios, who had had 5-year-old when he was friendly with 15-year-old Bette Short, examining short-term action, interviewing friends and partners. He also gave a detailed analysis, or testing of Orson Welles - especially about his movie "Lady From Shanghai". According to Mrs Pacios, the movie, along with memory-related material, has many religious elements associated with short-term killings. He raises the question: Does Welles be a murderer? Black Dahlia ", much more can be seen. Fritz Lang of the cruel "black film", "The Big Heat" (1953), was speaking to the "Dahlia" murder in the "City of Nets" which was LA - but it is Orson opus that "Dahlia" had a connection to " hands "up. In fact, it was the Bugsy Siegel (and the 1940's Hollywood war) that made "Dahlia" in ... but that doesn't stop a lot of what Pacios wrote. Almost all the Hollywood around Elizabeth ("Black Dahlia") Short and her story / aura / heritage / curses are encoded in the film's Golden Age. <br /> <br /> "Black Dahlia" was always on the side of the "Shanghai" - even before starting publishing. Barbara Payton on the Franchot Tone: "He was thinking about making" Lady From Shanghai ", before losing the option to Orson Welles. Franchot said he would be in a bad situation on the deal when he fled Dahlia at Cafe Formosa * around the Goldwyn studio ... "* The upper apartment of Formosa Cafe was the office of Bugsy Siegel and" Dahlia "one of her again / off again working" girls ". Get more and black- After the 1951 striker on Barbara Payton between Tom Neal and Francot Tone that sent Franchot to hospital and exciting "never to speak the same way," Barbara said, married "only to disgust Neal." Tom ("Detour") Neal also knew "Dahlia" (who did not?) And thought- From "LA Despair" by John Gilmore: "January 1947 killed the young, good will-be actress Elizabeth Short, known as "Black Dahlia", was one of the massacres of many gris in the history of modern crime.Our, called "Who killed Black Dahlia?" Was taken away by actor Tom Neal, assistant hell from WW II movies. The potential supplier Gene Harris: "Someone will come up with a more proposal of thinking business than what was presented by Tom Neal and his partners ..." Shortly after: "It will be very clear the next day, Tom as he appeared on his beautiful wife Palm Springs standing sit on their sofa and shoot a .45 shot with his head. "Barbara Payton and Norma Jean Dougherty (later Marilyn Monroe) knew" Dahlia "and their stories are known. It seems all who crossed the" Dahlia "(like white white camp) entered the" Twilight Zone "dark and / or had a string. The inconvenience of the future. Tone / Neal / Welles are just a few - and this includes a film called "Lady From Shanghai" ... <br /> <br /> "Lady from Shanghai" took two years to release, because of great-dependent-and-all retailers because the president of Columbia Columbia Harry Cohn could not understand the story. It is dark "black" to be sure-one dark, in fact. It is also a bad satire in life in the new Atomic Age. /> <br /> Nicolas Christopher: "/" <br /> <br /> "Shanghai" pushes the issue of nuclear apocalypse and has clear information about the atomic bomb and the US city. there are many), a psychologist and double, explains Armageddon every on the side, claiming he can “hear it.” He declares that he has a plan to escape the remote island of the Pacific - especially the acidity of the acid part of Welles since this was a year that the US began to measure atomic bombs in places such as Atoll Bikini, moving all residents and destroy the environment. At the time of Bikini, the erotic identity of Hayworth and the bomb seems to be regulated, with military military blessing; The first bomb dropped in the Pacific area that has been called "Gilda" and has a picture of Hayworth, for a stimulating dress, built directly on its casing ... "<br/> <br /> <br /> Passengers seem have a negative impact on the film and many.Welles are giving an impression to the audience that "Michael O'Hara" is just a writer - not part of the story even though it is spinning with him. "O'Hara" competes with shark Motif in the film. The frenzy of feeding will not stop until nothing is left. ”" Michael O'Hara "lives to tell the story." Elsa Bannister "causes frenzy during the" O'Hara trial "and its signature indicates that it is put in-and if not destroying humanitarian audience to the Roman Coleseum. The audience enjoys themselves, talking and continuing about "Elsa" - a human aquarium in relation to the San Francisco sequence. That is a human condition ... except for "Michael O'Hara" and yet he will be b and use her life trying to forget the old ("Elsa") - or die trying. "Elsa" is part of "Michael" and the story eats his tail at the end and the observer warns not to get out of trouble.
