This may well be a clear film of all the time, did not have the Columbia Studios that were cut off the original Orson Welles origin. What we left is the wrong film, still brilliant that shows the great talent of Welles as an actor / director and Rita Hayworth as a very great talent. <br /> <br /> 'Lady From Shanghai' is a black film with the most amazing and mixing. Welles, with an improper impulse, shows Michael O'Hara, an Irish traveler, who after meeting with the ambition and risk of Elsa Bannister (Hayworth, in great performance) finds himself forced to accept a job as a servant and her lame husband (Everett). Sloane) yacht. Elsa, or 'Rosalie' as Michael likes to call her, plays an innocent, unprofitable doll, persuading O'Hara on her network. As lovers do the secret to the sea, the lover of Arthur Bannister in his law firm, George Grisby (Glenn Anders) comes in. He is a good, untrustworthy person who gives Michael a special proposal: He will get $ 5000 to help Grisby for the sadness of Grisby's death, so it seems to kill. The plan is for Michael to go away with the skills, and run the sun with Elsa. But it's not going to plan. Hayworth gives us one of the best women of all time to be seen very much. Sometimes he seems to be dangerous and has such, for other people who are cruel, tired of the world and diligent. He is always very good, although the situation asks him to pour rain in a swimsuit or black, as a gun. Hayworth is a beautiful picture here, and he is a great cry from his famous 'Gilda' role. Her husband, Orson Welles, has rejected the auburn trademark of the exposure of colored colored color colors (cotton master cohn). It was a great way to sell, and change his suit character changed. She is not a sympathetic woman who 'Gilda' is, here - rather a girl, who is a black-colored girl who sees murder as an important option. Welles and Hayworth Wiring came to a time when couples had serious problems in their marriage. They could divorce after the film was made, so this is also a curiosity to give a certain perspective on a difficult relationship. They are hateful, not romantic, lovers in this, so it's hard to measure if they haven't got a real chemistry on the screen. Certainly every encounter is powerful and filled with sex, and Welles as a "man fall" (even admits himself in the film!) And Rita as a child crossing twice. <br /> <br /> Welles character is usually a 'drifter' without a very intelligent mind. If Welles sound-over proves to use, O'Hara actually does not use its very brain 'anticipation of thinking (Elsa)'. Welles often played their intellectual colleagues, because of his return to Michael as usual and very interesting. In fact, Welles was a good talented actor and he takes it off. Everett Sloane is best suited as Hayworth's husband. Someone is wondering why he employs Michael. It is clear that his wife is attracted to him, why does he invite a 'threat' on the board? One translation may be that Michael provides 'service' to his wife that Bannister cannot in his disability status. There is definitely something about the theory, with many consequences towards Elsa's behavior before meeting her husband (was she some kind of prostitute?) And Grisby's knowledge about the secrets of Bannister more closely be known in several cases. <br /> This is an emerging film, depicted by a plot that eventually emerges. We are more interested in a triangle of love than a mass murder, as with many colors. Welles gives us a lot of its most common movie stars, including the so-called 'mirror of the mirror'. It is a terrifying scene, one of the last that can almost destroy the earlier mistakes in the movie and lift it to magnitude. The house of a fun house is amazingly interesting, and it feels Dali as a set of colors (looks Orson painted themselves). The photos of the tricks used in all films and Welles add to the compound and make this experience stimulating. The talk is spurring and confusing, made by the low voice of Rita's low voice and low voice, high voice of the little girl. Hayworth proves its ability to do this work, and it proves that SHE is the last woman's 'black'. It is a sympathetic (just a little, as Rita was a brilliant player) that made the most beautiful and unusual music for ever in Columbia in 40 years instead of a dark-themed night like this. He was a brilliant actor when he was given the opportunity to show his talent. <br /> <br /> 9/10.
