The first secret is to think what the original film of Welles was like. That makes this a real adventure - seeing the perfect bones and using the movie engineering, think of a beautiful woman who had helped. <br /> <br /> If you're doing, you'll see another experience perhaps one of the best films ever. If the secrets are going, the details are normal: the simplest trend, one jealous person like red sauce. What instead of miracles is the placement of stories in the eye of the spectacle to see the dark and dark world. The first real thirst, but even the darkness. It's not a world that emerges, unless you think about the camera. What we can see is a person who creates a vocabulary that will later become common. <br /> <br /> For all the festivals, Kane was successful because of a good game and story. The camera eye was awesome, but the attempt. Welles would go from there to explore confidential details and expression to Shakespeare for this eye. Othello and MacBeth have all started in this period, and I see them as part of one vision with this. Humanities feel the hinges here on the idea that people do not pay their lives, even less - are used by random elements in the environment. So by telling this story, Welles needs to make the environment a character. Several characters as suspects in secret. So we have the most popular lights, block and corners we know (and since now we have seen many times). And we have set for deliberate: park, yacht, picnic area, aquarium, dock, court room, Chinese hall and funhouse. I am sure that what was taken by the robbers was lots and lots of 'outdoor' details related to not for character but for these wonderful circumstances. <br /> <br /> My secret solution is that the funhouse did it, among other conditions of behavior brought as suspects. In other words, the abuse of the Black Irish (which we know from the details and the same mark on the unity of the unity was the author of fate) was not: the power of humanitarian conspiracy (reservoir or civilization, court room) or nature (picnic or version civilized, aquarium. Instead it was a matter of caprice deliberately for gods for amusement. This is true to explain what Welles does: put these people (including him) through hell for our caprice, a matter that is described by the Peking Opera set by the Welles. And of course it leads to funhouse where the environment leads directly to the view. More about personal memory: surely there is a view of awareness about its relationship and soon become a pastor. But I believe there is a good idea of ​​understanding about quoting the environment that has worked, the studio environment. Indeed Welles was very broken, and in the same way, as her behavior. And the solution took the shapes of this film, leaving the corpse described at the beginning of this comment. Poor Rita comes from China to connect the whole thing, the Chinese hall, the expected rape from above, the woman's disappearance. Investments in most of the environment.
