These are a small section from the ninth page "Memo to Mr. Cohn from Mr. Welles", written after Orson has seen the edition of Harry Cohn's editor of the photo (he took an hour out): <br /> <br /> ".. The preview video was written by the original composer George Antheil, although it was not written in our own image, this time-old music had a dark and dangerous atmosphere with something nice and romantic that was accepted. The Heinz Roemheld is a very tired person using a popular song - "theme" - in most possible settings. "Please don't wait" for almost every grade and for many history items.Tune is interesting, it can do very well on Hit Parade - but Lady from Shanghai is not a comedy of music. Mr. Roemheld is a brave man of the old type of color which is now known in our bus s as "Di" sney ". In other words, if a person falls down, they make a "fall down" sound in the orchestra, etc., etc. ... If the laboratory had given them links and phone numbers everywhere, I can't be unhappier about the results ... Before you leave out of the country, I asked Vi (Viola Lawrence, editor) to make a cut which would involve stopping a near-taxi cab and also a bit of discussion. I believe that this would be the best cut ... saving the most needed diagram in the opening of the slow opening (this has not been done, accounting for the most serious reel opening of the film) ... There is nothing in Rita's dive to verify the group The main orchestral ... What is the beauty of Rita ... the evil overtones proposed by the character of Grigsby, and amazing to Michael. Anything or all these things can inspire music. Instead, dive is given as it was a huge peak or a certain time of antic in Silly Symphony: Panda's Pluto of Pup, or a wild jump into space with Donald Duck ... No sound conditions on the boat. Little wind and water disappear. There is no point in photography on a real boat if you make a sound as though everything happened in front of the screen screens ... At the beginning of the picnic sequence ... in short-term, we used very curious, sexy Latin-American strain. This has been replaced by Corny "amazing" things - bad stuff stuff ... This kind of music destroys the wonderful quality which is exactly can be save Lady from Shanghai from being just another person ... There's a great sound of music after Grigsby line, "I want you to kill him." This is amazing ... The guitar music of Hawaii that comes from the radio ... was supposed to be corny enough to make a certain point of satirical. As it is now, it is on the same level with all the symbols. None of the listeners can accuse us that we are dealing with ... The aquarium section requires more echo. "Please don't hang me" is again! ... The bad job of dubbing and scoring goals has destroyed Michael's character running down the pier. From the gun by phone, the prototype of the sound was built with a lot of time and effort. For some reason, all this is locked for an incomprehensible hullabaloo. As a result, the whole sequence appears to be irrelevant ... The audience should feel at this point, along with Michael, that maybe they are going to heaven. The new dubbing function may make us feel that they will sleep ... Gunfire and brake mirrors should not be supported by music ... Fast music is again mentioning "Please don't hang me" ... This end is open to the destructive action, and causes irreparable injury to the end of the image. "<br /> <br /> All these programs from Orson were ignored
