After CITIZEN KANE in 1941, Hollywood actors turned their boot feet into Orson Welles. Apart from KANE, Welles lost all control of the creation on ordinary people, THE ACCESS, AND many other films. Welles was a creative and creative professional, with no more sense of film writers when Hollywood had a few more. IN SHANGHAI is another example of an incomprehensible view of the Welles film at the time, a movie that seems to be so bad and useless. It has a typical 1940 project described in an unusual way, and I am sure some cases ended on the floor of the cutting room. Now it is a story that Columbia mogul Harry Cohn stood at his preliminary inquiry and asked what it was. Again, many old grumps that used to back the label did not have one clue to the movies and stories of the story of Orson Welles and LADY from SHANGHAI is almost just because of their intervention. Besides being the general director of all time, Welles was also an actor as an actress. At 25, we all know what he did as "Charles Foster Kane", perhaps the most popular character in film history. Here, he resides in the abnormal behavior of witches and not a lot of intelligence, something unknown to those known by Welles another great job. Instead of a clever, clever language, he speaks to a bad twist, Irish. Rita Hayworth (whose wife was unhappy at the same time) has a wife who was unhappy with a lawyer who puts Welles to spell and can take her to work that will take her to the limits of fraud and deficit. He is a great rock who can even kill a man, but the real mystery is the relationship between Hayworth (and amazing hair) as well as Hawarett Sloane who was disabled (Mr. Bernstein from CITIZEN KANE). Sloane's best partner includes a trip around the country to stop several special events with the head of Welles 'Michael O'Hara'. Welles tells the story as O'Hara, but things are still unknown. See yourself and realize that it takes at least 2 vision to fully know what's going on. The sequence of the tribal tribal tribal factions close to "O'Hara", and Sloane advocates. It is an incredible area of ​​comedic and some of the court room methods, including Sloane cross-examining himself. I didn't have to laugh here because the film puts on this stage after the first part is not quite available. So far, movies are good, some scenes are beaten with craft and skill (aquarium love area), but there is no uneven line drawing elements with us, viewers, in. The report, the court area was overturned against Welles (10 sanctions ordered by Hayworth) and a short-tracked song by the star was hit in Cohn's emphasis. The gaudy mark was offensive to Welles, who, again, was left to edit the editing process. Thank you Welles yourself to save the film completely and visit-de-power ending that will always be a treasure. The section called "Hall of Mirrors" brings frequent buffs, indeed. It should seem reliable and it does a good job to close some of the confused ideas presented. The destruction of mirrors represents the "disadusionment" of O'Hara and "the house of things" itself is a jewel of art and decoration. It seems more like a state of mind than a real place and in fact it is "mad", it continues to turn like Dali painting. This is the ultimate end for the image that caused that if the alone alone would have made Over 100 AFI. Then again, 3 or 4 more Orson Welles films may have made all the "best" lists if he was left alone to create his own magic. Watch out: Look at Mercury Players who are very popular in Welles pictures. They grow round. RATING: 8 out of 10
