When I saw one of the last Orson Welles contributions for Hollywood as a film manufacturer, I knew I was watching a great movie when it happened, although sometimes I didn't know why. The story in Lady from Shanghai has great film-black elements: the average Joe shot, fatale women, interesting help characters, and understandable are some of the design solutions of the plot. It is a recreational journey, and it is filled with a special gift of Welles as a director, but there are cases that are not just work, or are not completely full of what was a full vision (this is a coincidence of real-true Harry Cohn). and Columbia actors complain to it). Welles star stars and his wife then, Rita Hayworth very good, like Mike O'Hara, an Irish worker who can and does angry people righteous. Hayworth is Mrs. Bannister, married to Mr. Bannister (Everett Sloane, who played with Mr. Bernstein in Citizen Kane), who accompanies her friend Mr. Grisby (Glenn Anders, who has great control in her eyes). They want to go to their bicycles and take O'Hara for the trip, and for the first time she rejects, but admits since she falls to a married woman When their journey continues, O'Hara finds that Bannister and Grisby don't like to be close, and more with Grisby , who for the first time looked out of his gourd. However, as the plot continues, O'Hara faces a scandal that Grisby makes money for insurance, and the results that I do not try to disclose (though they have been discussed regularly with others). Any debt is growing here and there in the secret part of the story (and those shorter moments where the shots were labeled said), the exhibition and watch of the film is going to attack after more than fifty-five years . Although he does not quarrel Greg Tolland (DP Kane) on his side, loyal Charles Lawton Jr. helps Welles in creating an atmosphere that is elegant and incredible, covered in shadows, deep view, lower corners, work. Some achievements are a mirror area of ​​fun, which shows only among others. Welles himself relies on as an actor - even if his inspiration is not something special - and Hayworth himself makes the area a little lush, despite his way in the story. <br /> <br /> Lady from Shanghai is worth checking out, especially for Welles, Hayworth, or film-black buffs (fans of the Coen brothers can get this interesting too). It may take a few moments, repeat the view (as it was for Touch of Evil), with the primary purpose in the sinking program.
