Putting Japan, Ashura is the story of a demon that takes the world. The premise is very hard, but the story of interpretation is not worth forget. Japan is in shock, and the Babylonians are involved in the human form of the world. Dauoni usually looks and acts like men, but it is evil. The Japanese word that uses not only the demon, but rather the 'ogre' type which is a mythological creature of some historical. We talk about the creatures that seem like gods rather than the worst of bad children. However, in the last human form is the green eyes and green teeth, which occur during putting under any kind of trouble. In order to save the world from the Babylonians there are Mad-killers. Skilled and skilled workers who can see and conquer all kinds of demons, and who protect the way through the world of hell and the real world. This is the foundation base. <br /> <br /> Story begins with a concert in a local city. In the midst of these festivals, 3 men climbed, dressed in black, seem to be interested in doing harm. Villagers run away, except those who are demons in nature, who turn green eyes and try to kill them. Madness-killers take the killing of many demons. From here the news gets interesting. The whole essence of the story begins when at the gate of hell, a demon depicting luck appears in front of the 3 door keepers, revealing the arrival of Ashura. Therefore, it comes to the end of human rule, and begins the demonic rule. Ashura however requires a certain type of printing process, the first step that occurred during the opening battle, but which will not be opened until you see the film. Madness 3 is a wise old man, a strong but uncontrollable, and a skilled and compassionate hero. Once you see a split between them, an old man who wants to leave a demon, a powerful one who wants to beat them with his growing ego and third to watch a second stop. Along the way he meets a woman who starts taking assumptions, and believes himself to have a special relationship with. He is also a brigand who is good-natured, sought by the authorities. When the two meet face-to-face, he puts his hand on his shoulder, and suddenly he is scathed and marked on his shoulder. Needless to say, the mark is not a good sign. What continues to fight for the world, war between good and evil, as it should be, but also between good and good itself. My way to this movie became something more than what they thought would be. I came to think it would be a quick-motion film of a fascinating and demonic action, or a horrible film with evil and evil creatures that they love in Ringu and Ju-on. I was wrong in the best way. My story is a mix of an old Japanese game, and it emerges itself as well, combining incidents of adrenaline with a good idea, an amazing story, and a style that makes it compulsory to think rather than staying in a year. Many events have been covered by the prestigious dialogue between two characters that are never found in Hollywood film. It becomes a theoretical experience that takes your breath away. The film uses the beauty of work and cameras that are similar to many Samurai movies of our day, but it adds good ideas to the classical plot. For good performances, good music, and very good events, you must look at my book. <br /> <br /> That is said, it requires that it is not for everyone. Angry price price cheaper, not the balls for the wall stage. Publisher's style of fear is recorded. It has a lot to say and it takes time to do it, flying in front of the common ingredients. Like Japanese games, the cooperation between characters can last for many minutes before they come together for a quick but very extraordinary war. If you can enjoy such a thing, this is a jewel. If your idea of ​​a good film is soft when it comes to a little plot and dirt, then you can look at anything else. Overall, this film to me is unique and amazing, which prevents you from accusing. has a beautiful text, good acting, and good direction. All in all the powerful film.
