I must admit that I am a little surprised and sad in some of the worst views this film seems to irritate. I think it's a great film of fear / sci fi. Colonel Steve West (Alex Rebar) returns to the world after a flight of historic space to Saturn. When he was in space he found a strange and unknown disease. He wakes up from the hospital bed, looks at the mirror and looks at his face and melts! He runs away from hospital management, hiding in some trees near a small town. Unfortunately he begins to promote a fast growing hunger that can only be satisfied by eating other people. He should feed human flesh and drink the blood of others to survive! He strikes the human prey he begins his reign of fear! Its until her old friend Dr Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning) seek her and try and help her. He should work alone as his master General Perry (Myron Healey) wants to keep quiet. Nelson can't tell his wife Judy (Ann Sweeny). However, Sheriff Blake (Micheal Alldredge) is engaged as Head Perry turns to as some of the local people start turning half of the food. I don't know why this film gets such views, what do people expect? However, I love this film. The stars of the film are of course Rick Bakers Special Make-up and the annual effects that are for the most part are the best, and the fact they all impact on the hook and no bad litter CGI makes them better. The author and director William Sachs are not afraid to use them either, we find very close shots to lose close to a good smell and hold very well, even now. Photography, music and leadership are a little bit, but a professional enough. Script manages to create a sympathy for the monster, the shots he look eagerly at the house of Ted Nelsons, or when he finds his own reflection in some water and reacts violently. Lastly, put on a large type of plant, it is very good so it does not expect any end of happiness. Which surprised. Also, the script does not do anything to the premise, just around and killing, and his friend trying to stop him, maybe very little. Of course I think a little more than the film is close to the beginning when a fat nurse runs under the hospital region at a slow pace, its blow is also shown in slow motion too, it seems and seems to be totally ignorant! You need to see it to believe! I love this film and recommend it to 70 and 80 fans of horror / sci fi. A little of my favorite.
