I have always loved this comedy as one of the few who have worked hard to deal with the U.S. Government needs. year for tax. Ever read the tax code?: It is absolutely the case to follow is a lot of articles that our congressmen and senators push in to help its subscribers from money and various categories of interest. In spite of the claim that it is fair, the tax code has often set the burden on the middle and work classes rather than the rich and influential. More distinctive features specially meant for their use - through every 1,040 or 1040A form and check the type of investment and separate business partnerships all that have a different set of rules. Most people never have any use for these. The story here is that the wealthy landowner (Philip Ober) uses his influence to tip off IRS that his neighbors (Paul Douglas and Una Merkle) have not paid taxes for 20 years. under Fred Clarke, and he points to Ober for his influence. Send Tony Randall check out the situation. Randall has found that Douglas, Merkle, and their three girls and two boys are pretty decent people, who rarely need money (they get together in their farm to produce and switch to their neighbors). But Randall, who has been trained in open lines (for IRS) of the tax code is trying to strike down the family on the basis. But gradually Douglas says that Reynolds loves Randall, and continues to cheat Randall from his job, finally bringing him. It also makes it difficult for Randall to leave for having his car vehicles removed "for rehabilitation" with his two sons. <br /> <br /> The plot follows the growing attraction and frictions between the cities, without clarifying the Randall, and the countryside, the love of Reynolds love. They make a really good couple. Finally, after Ober complains, Randall is going back to blame with Clarke (cookie strict) gets under copper tacks. And it comes with a huge tax bill, which can destroy the family of Douglas. <br /> <br /> The film does not end there - approaching with joy, but it reminds us that the power of tax is powerful to destroy, and that the Government is doing, very often, goes to destruction. The possibility of converting to millions saves the family, but it is very rare that we know it's just a great trick. More of course is how the boss of Clarke, (Charles Lane) reduces the cell about the "help" of Ober by suggesting that next year his tax will appear more carefully. After that Ober is rather green.
