GOD MELTING ... The striker of the race of space, lost MELTING ... never understood the race was long and ...! The Burr DeBenning burns his hand over the kitchen stove. But instead of shouting something a normal person can scream, screams something that looks like "AAAAATCH-KAH !!" This movie you watched ... is not a typical movie. You have taken your first step in MELTING INCREDIBLE, a popular movie of the late 70th of the late season with the effect of doing good Rick Baker. Baker was just the edge of being a star, and he did it at the same time as his "famous guests" in the STAR war. For some strange reason, the STAR war was the name of the household, and the MANUALLY SERVICES in. It can be something to do with the fact that this film is just a very intelligent-minded. From the opening of the opening ("Reconnecting Alex Rebar as a Son of Serving Serving" ... That is true!), For a chubby nurse who runs through the glass door, with the head of the fisherman going on the waterfall and photography away from some stones, this film provides time, often the misunderstanding of sheer. "Why do they ... but why should he ... why do they ...?" Over time, you stop wondering why and look at what it is - a very interesting trash piece. Astronaut returns to the earth for melt, radiation; he runs and, his mind spreads with his body, begins to be destroyed for destruction. The authorities quickly decide that the melt man should be stopped, but (perhaps not wanting to "cause fear") want him captured silently as possible. So it sends one man and counter counter geiger after it. Wow. <br /> <br /> Story story, surprisingly little happens during the movie. The boy is smiling around and killing people. The doctor is looking for him to deal with the geiger. Different characters are brought, ask questions, and leave. Finally the doctor takes the captives with that person, but is beaten by the guards for any reason, after explaining that he is "Dr. Ted Nelson." The smelly person circles and eventually breaks into a big goo cave. Finally. It is so without the brain that somehow ends up so much fun, despite the end of the end. In fact, the release of normal DVD is planned. Very special movie.
