Many critics have refused to be R.W. Fassbinder has shown the main character of Wilkie and the Nazis in this movie in human terms. Other films of Fassbinder films, however, will see that "Lili Marleen" (1981) is the "women's films" of Fassbinder as "Marriage of Maria Braun" (1979) and "Lola" (1981). Fassbinder was convinced that "stories can be told better by women than men", because, according to Fassbinder, when men fulfill their roles in society, "women can think through dialectic". Dialectics, however, means that not only thesis and its antithesis as usual in our black-and-white world, but the original where the opposition is coincided. Additionally, dialectic means that because of the third example of the original resistance of the difference between thesis and antithesis is canceled. Interviewing: From the language perspective and describing the state of the fascist, the underground fighters should use the basic method as the administrators do, and among the criminals and victims there is an Asian link, so that every offender is also tortured and every victim is also offender . Fassbinder described this unfamiliar program, describing the ethnic logic, in his play "City, Towel and Death" (1975) by Daniel Schmid under the title "Shadow of Angels" (1976). So, approaching the topic of the priori barrier as Nazi Germany, through the dialectic, the timing of this time in the movie theater gets more victorious, especially for people who cannot or do not want to see that our recognition The world is very largely with the burning of light to change light, but it requires a third example of the original as an example of its anti-antithesis. A close relationship between criminals and victims is being investigated, since it is not true that criminals are bad and the victims are good. In a positive sense, the wicked share in goodness as good people share in evil. They are the same. In the view of the world according to ethnic logic, the relationship between good and evil can not even be established, and in morals according to this system of infinite logic, the bad conscience of the Nazi victims of the Nazi, legitimate (legitimate) acts of their fathers , it includes the possibility of a relationship between the two elements and thus initially in the form of new assessment based on this relationship as well. From a dialectic perspective from Fassbinder, it follows that Lili Marleen and Lola nor Maria Braun can be judged by using "abuse" of the administrative system for their personal purposes, because they misuse it, they only use it. On the contrary, since the victims must repeat the actions of criminals as criminals should repeat the actions of the victims, because "good" and "bad" are not the most simple pictures of each other's mirror as well as two logic, their strategies are valid and structured. The logic of logic describing our world, which is not black and white, much better than the black and white logic.
