Until the 1990s there has never been a film "Emma" of Jane Austen. Then two came in the same year, in 1996. Or, if you count the "Clueless" calculation of 1995, which supports Austen's secondary school for a modern US school, three in two years. The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young woman from the beautiful family to Reins England. He is, financially, more beautiful than many of Austen's heroes like Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and does not need to find a rich man. Instead, his main concern seems to be getting men to his friends. She persuades her friend Harriet to stop the proposal of marriage from a small farmer, Robert Martin, believing that Harriet should put her things on Mr Elton's arrogant teacher. This program is going very wrong, however, if Elton has no interest in Harriet, but has fallen in love with Emma himself. Emma's refusal of her proposal makes it very strange that she was willing to compare her friend to someone who looks at her (for good reason) as an unworthy partner for herself. This is the plot of Jane Austen, Emma returns to be the smallest spinster who appears more than she appears, and she also sees herself falling in love, causing more problems. Today in 2008 Kate Beckinsale is a Hollywood star, but in 1996, despite being limited to only a year, she was not close to international as Gwyneth Paltrow. He, however, can influence as well as the heroine of Austen's good, but often innocent. Beckinsale seems to have a gift for ordinary roles - made a good hero in Kenneth Branagh's "Ado A lot on No" - and sometimes I found myself keen that Hollywood could get more responsibility for it instead of destroying her in pigs like "Pearl Harbor" or "Underworld". I preferred Jeremy Northam to Mark Strong as the love of Emma and Mr Knightley, largely because he came close to my own conception of behavior as an old gentlemanly man, ignorant, in other ways than father- Figure for Emma than a partner. (His name probably means to show his kind behavior - the gentlemen of the fifteenth century liked to consider themselves as the modern equivalent of medieval knights and their detailed codes of chivalry). Power tends to decline the issue of age difference (he is 37, he 21) and makes Knightley more than a loving partner and under a wise counselor than Northam. Samantha Morton (another actor who would go to great things) probably near Harriet's novel than Tone Collette. This was the smallest of two versions, the making of television instead of movies, and the sets and clothing appear to be very low and there are a few big names in the cast. The drawing of the clothing, however, is generally something that the UK television is doing well, and this version can hold itself with the movie version; all are the fruits of the entertainment and well-made of Austen's novel. 7/10
