What? Rumors has that near the time the ABBA? The favorites of the Swedish disco newspaper of various successes had reached its peak, the band grew confused and singing in English and wishing to make their native language. Recently, the problems began to appear in a once-closed water closure and record became regular and low. The band was opened, although valid, in 1982 and pop lost one of its many celebrated artists. Although they have never acknowledged that there is any truth in the rumors, the fact remains that ABBA will not have great success if only they wrote in their native language. If you want to appeal to the largest media market in the world, then you should serve the English-speaking audience. It is amazing to me that the little island that has found the stone away from the continent of Europe could have created the most common language, though not many languages ​​in the world. Everyone speaks a little English; if it's just a 'hello' or a common word - you'll find an English speaker almost everywhere. Pedro Galindo openly disagreed, because Trampa Infernal has never had a head of international use until it was recently released on the DVD budget. That's a real shame, because it is a good movie of the slasher which is more beautiful than many of the English-speaking English-speaking. <br /> <br /> The movie opens in an unknown location of duel pistol. The two unknown characters are shown around the hard to search for direct search for an inevitable end. After insisting with some close misses, one of the fighters happens to win. Then we learn that they were colored guns and two competitors are really young from the local city. And Mauricio are fierce fighters and Mauricio always tries to prove himself better than his soft-spoken opponent, but if he is still unsuccessful. Later that night, when the gunslinger winner celebrates his victory with his partner Alejandra and her friend Charly, Mauricio enters the bar and says she has a final challenge for her glorious nemesis. He says this will be a competition that will show the city once and for all who deserve the most respect. It is the first reluctance because Alejandra warns about the risks of constant competition, but ultimately reduces the weight of peer pressure and agrees; for a large amount of his best partner partner. They plan to go to Filo de Caballo's remote area, because the recent media coverage has said that many people have been beaten by a few who believe it to bear hard. Mauricio suggests that anyone who kills an animal may appear to be great and also promises that it will be the final battle that he fights against his enemy. After visiting weapons on stock on weapons and ignoring the warnings of the old shopkeeper, the group is kept away from the forest forest. Hunters are dismissed if they learn that 'carrying' is actually a Vietnam veterinarian who does not know that the war has ceased to focus on all mankind as his enemy. What started as a sudden competition of competition becomes a battle for survival as they are stalked and killed by a horrible killing. <br /> <br /> I took Trampa while reading in Madrid from a Mexican student who lived in the next dorm room - come to me. I remember that the copy I looked at was bad and the tape ended 10 minutes before the last credit was completed, which means I've never seen the last stations. Thanks I got a recent DVD budget on Amazon and once I added it to my collection. Slasher's Gallindo is a wonderful quest that grows from its direction of skill and passion, which tries to reach areas that are not usually met with slasher movies. In fact it is very good to remind me of a single event of Arnold Schwarzenegger classic Predator. This is evident in events that show a killer who has the power to walk through the forest and conquer a group of fears if they are struggling to escape the maniac playground. With the experience of Gallindo types of species (bogeyman even uses glove-fingered glove Freddy Kruegar); Trampa also tries to add something different to the usual template. While most of the run play with the actual rules of the group, the third of the third party announces an important step in humanity as maniac fits himself with a machine gun and convinces the hero for his last chance. From here, the film blows swaps quickly and becomes close to the action film, which according to your taste will stimulate or discourage you. The last slasher that tried to cross the two styles was that the entry of eight years 'Majorettes', which is not necessarily a good thing. As with most Latin films (especially Spanish beat by Almodovar and Amenabar), Trampa is under the trick of ethics for its story, which is used effectively without cutting off the viewer. Get involved in the competition competition competition and may not always win. It is guaranteed sugar, but it is easily used to prevent the fun of the element. <br /> <br /> Trampa can be cheesy, but it deserves to be seen and recognized as one of the best late slashers. The killer looks good in the army's powerful warigues and the white mask of the Valentine-style and the only natural work experiment. There may be no year that most sincere fans enjoy, but it has enough for the issue of transparency and creation of the document at least one look.
