After the introduction of Garbo with Clarence Brown's voice "Anna Christie", Jacques Feyder made the German version of the movie which everything was beaten, except Garbo, was different. While the American version is more available in the United States and many US viewers have seen this particular version, Germna "Anna Christie" is more likely to be viewed in Europe. If I have seen both films, I feel the right to compare two nearby crops. Is the film Jacques Feyder different? Is it better than Clarence Brown? In this analysis, I would like to focus first on what both films are similar. They have similar sets, similar scripts that have been submitted in time. Here, you also find the story of a young woman who returns to her father after years of age and tries to start a new life. Here, you also have the pleasure, although it is short, a sequence in the amusement garden. However, while insisting Garbo himself, I handle the first difference. He doesn't seem to cause that curiosity when he speaks. The viewer focuses more on his acting than he speaks, which happened, perhaps, to the 1931. audience Garbo was very good in American film and also very good here. However, to me, it looks even more in the German version. It seems that Garbo will not listen to the way he says a lot of words (efforts that were made with a sense: GARBO TALKS!). His German was not widely spoken; but nobody cares: everything is very clear. So, I can easily say the same as I did in my American opinion: Skaal Greta Garbo! However, the film varies in one very important issue: all others are sent. Here comes the question: what picture seems more appealing, who is better? The difference is filled with type. Salka Viertel (or Salka Steuerman), a friend of Garbo's life, does not work as well as Marie Dressler in the role of Marthy Owens. He is not bad, he is different, sometimes affects (from today's perspective) but it is not really true in a position like Marie Dressler who still welcomes us and who has been trying time. Some people even claim that Dressler was better than Garbo in the film and that view, although it seems to be doubtful, carries the truth. Theo will be more sympathetic than Matt than Charles Bickford but when it is used for him, this is not a matter of performance like a woman of looks. Who shines in Germany "Anna Christie", who is very important to take care of Hans Junkermann in Chris Christopherson's place, Anna's father. George F. Marion vs Hans Junkermann is like a day vs a different night. Junkermann shows the real punishment of alcohol, a man with hope, and fear, who overcomes his daughter. The first meeting of Anna and her father is very strange, while the opening of Chris and Marthy's dialogue was not particularly memorable for her face and improper performance. Junkermann is a Chris who you love, who sometimes laughs, who is kind to you, who relieves the picture of a calm-boat ship in your mind. Great! If you have seen America "Anna Christie" and have a chance to get the German version, I would like to suggest you very much for this film because it looks different from the story, good and accurate way of comparison, good welfare for the movie Clarence Brown and in particular, a good opportunity to discover good performance: Hans Junkermann's. Skaal or Prost, Hans Junkermann!
