Fragile Carne, before its great period. Although it is sometimes driven hard, and destroyed by a long time, the HOTEL DU NORD is full of charm and the most common fade of French films in the late 1930s, with the usual transparency of touch with the director. All its good strengths are here: a broken interior broken and gliding, complex, a delicious camera movement; deployment of light and shadow disorder; wonderful, a set of a few by Alexander Trauner, which say that they, as the head shows, should create their own personality; Maurice Jaubert's silent music; The most common conspiracy of the romance, tragedy and oil that gives shape over its characters; A wonderful exhibition with some of the most regular players, in this case Louis Jouvet and Arletty. In fact, the film is very unsuccessful, and I think I am worried (like a person who usually, did not feel, reduces its importance) to accept, it's its script. It has a lot of magic and gentleness, but without poetry and regular partner of Carne Jacques Prevert brought their best films, he can not avoid getting into the cliche (even if only cliche in hindsight). It is usually put in the boarding house, the film puts its idea of ​​the opening of the community and the two stories of integration of lost love, and emotional isolation, metaphysical and real. The example of lost love is the most effective. Annabella is very good, but it is not very good for the desire, when the Aumont stability, very suitable though it may be, by its nature prevents any of the true, of feel, of love. Maybe it's just me, but it's hard to feel with a couple, so young, very interesting, who, after just a few months, have lost their despair that they should fight. Their top lines are rather shy too. Of course, this does not mean that it is suitable - it is a symbol of youth, hope and the possibility of crushing in France, or perhaps France itself, despair, resignation, waiting for death. To be truly powerful, it must have an influence on the level of the story, which, I feel, are not here at all. What is keeping this safe is the relationship with the story of M. Edmond, a character associated with the great culture of French gangsters. Although we only learn gradually, he is a killer who hides, living and abused by Arletty, having gone to his allies. In its "original" role - and the exhibition of its position is important - he had one set of attributes; by hiding he took it against his full. Living a worthless life, he is deeply involved in a partner agreement, and becomes stronger, knowing the evil of trying to deceive death. In this way - to acknowledge that a person is younger than a person of a collection of signs, and that death is an inevitable fact that a more powerful man must have - Edmond is a romantic example of Melville clinic killers. With one discrimination - he gives briefly the hope, the illusion that only reinforces - if not too much of an unqualified impatience - his bad solution. All this would have led to if it was not of the amazing performance of Louis Jouvet. I studied his career at the university, but this was my first taste of his talent screens, and he shows himself worthy of the greats - Grant, Mastroianni, Clift, Mason, Mitchum, Cotten - provide stability stability for the role that is more than Pregnancy (she, without saying it, is the opposite of it) than the real person. Edmond begins the film as a small partner, but he emerges as a terrible hero of some power. Like all the great characters, the beauty of Jouvet is in what he hides. At the normal level, what is surprising to hold Carne, ten years before growing, of the Sirk, Ophuls, Ray and Minnelli techniques. Although his performances do not have the beauty of the beauty of the modern melodramas of the German Sierck (see hug NEUEN UFERN and LA HABENERA), Carne's style is similar to his theme - that of closure, paralysis, resignation. The motif of the motif film is that of water - credit floats and cancels, the hotel stands in the water - but instead of the Renoir's clear river, we have sand, live and crawling, not going anywhere. The movie begins as it approaches, and the environment has not changed, except for a short time among all the escapees will be lost. Characters can only escape through death - their imprisonment is emphasized by small rooms that take up, walls and frames that hold them captive, windows looking out to escape that they cannot reach. Any hope at the end, therefore, is very, if romantic, is affected.
