Chief Teacher Ching Siu Tung perhaps the most famous is this series, the Evangelism of Chinese 1-3. The Chinese star of Leslie Cheung Star in the past in China as a tax collector who is forced to spend the night during his "collective trips" in a strange fortress where other strange fighters are fighting and meeting him. Joey Wang / Wong is a spirit who lives in this fortress and under the rule of a powerful demon, a wooden devil who collects human souls for himself / herself with the help of his ghosts well. Leslie and Joey love with love, and although ghosts are not allowed to live with humans, they decide to break the law and live together happily for the rest of their lives. This is not a wooden devil thinks and our characters are fighting for their lives and their happiness. This film is not full of magic than other films by Ching Siu Tung. His works include Duel for Death (1983) and a series of Swordsman, all of which have incredible displays and power of kinetic in their practical events. The story of the Spirit is full of brilliant light and dark sky, which is highlighted by the existence of a beautiful and beautiful spirit. Side effects are just a breath to take and would work with their great strength in the big screen. The camera is moving and has led all the time and adds to the story of the film's film. There are a lot of stunts of the wire, too, and although some people think that it is free and stupid when used in the film, I can't agree to consider giving a picture of a kind of magic, freedom and creation of any other non-giving tool. When people jump in these films, it means the film is not just about our world, and usually shows more things than life and power of this bigger than the art form of life. <br /> <br /> Stories about the power of love are very touching and warm, but the problem is (again) that the characters are very small and it happens frequently. Leslie and Joey should be written with great care and their characters should be more warm, deep and real to give the story more powerful and thus make this film more possible and useful. Also, the message on love and its power has emphasized very little for one point and should be left only with the mind of the translated viewer and found. Another negative thing about the conversation is that it is too much and people are talking in this film for no reason. It is very irritating and sadly shows the mistakes that many journalists like to do while writing their movies. People talk and talk and that's just make everything easy to understand as much as possible and so the film is not very challenging or believed to have this free feature. Just think about films of Japanese movie producer Takeshi Kitano; His films have fewer conversations and everything is as important as he says his stuff on other movies and does not talk, or makes other characters talk too much in his movies. This is the only talent they had to have writers to write great scripts. Alternatively, the Chinese story of Ghost is very good and seems to take a piece of Eastern movies, and also a song you play on the film is very good and hope we only got a prize in Hong Kong film awards . I am giving the spiritual story of Chinese 7/10 and without any of the errors described above, of course the course will certainly be almost completely fantasy genre.
