Once in a while, the film comes that brings the bar to every other film in its kind. The film of this caliber will affect many films after the release of years. "Chinese Story of Ghost" is in this category. It is certainly one of the best scary films made during the 1980s; perhaps one of the best. The film artists have made a film that attracts every fan of fear. The story is interfering with the original. Criminals lose and terrible. Sets are interesting and atmosphere. There is even a little blood and gore to meet the fan of the splatter of the house. But don't let the "fear" label frighten you, if you're not a fan of that kind. This film is suitable for many different categories. <br /> <br /> The screens of the screens have played a drama, comedy, horror, kung fu, and romance in delicious deluxe cinema pizza. The 'Chinese story' is a good story of the epic love told, with gratitude, without free weaknesses and / or explicit sexual scenes that have destroyed many Hollywood Hollywood stories. Those cut off by the romantic elements of the story can sit back and fascinate in the fast-paced sword and 'wire-fu'. If it is not enough, actors Leslie Cheung and Wu Ma offer enough sufficient conditions to complete your desire to play. This film offers something for each fan of the film. The director of Siu-Tung Ching and Tsui Hark Producer gathered in an amazing fact for this film. Leslie Cheung proves that he is not only gifted performers, but also a talented singer and a physical player. I can't imagine another executive than Cheung who could choose Ling Choi Sin best (except Chow Yun Fat). Joey Wang says as Lit Su Seen, the spirit of slavery that steals the heart of Cheung's behavior. His definition of the title of the title is really haunting and memorable. Wu Ma is a hilarious master like a cantankerous Taoist who helps young lovers. <br /> <br /> At the technical level, this film is very amazing, even with today's standards. The direction is very good. I would like today's Hollywood actors to look for talented artists like Siu-Tung Ching instead of falling into a standard MTV video or 'Pepsi commercial directors'. Style is very good. You should thank anyone of the movies who can make the film look good while most of its important events take place at the dead of the night. Special effects of make-up are top-notch. In fact, the effects of many organisms in this film exclude the most common CGI bonds in modern films. Since its release, "Chinese Story of Ghost" has provided two deserving sequels, a full-time animated film, and countless imitations. No film followed or copied could capture the magic of this classic, however. This film is required to watch for any awesome fan or anyone looking for a good way to spend 95 minutes of your time. 10 out of 10. <br />
