I saw this film during my youth. And after 10 years I did not remember anything about this movie but I found that I also did not know how I could get this film. It's my life. My always. My words will fail with the exact meaning that I have in this movie. I follow this film. It's a wonderful mix of fantasy, comedy, romance, horror, erotic, scary and martial arts. Stories about the power of love are touching and warm. It is the Cinema Center of Hong Kong. Sinnui Yauman, of course, is one of the most beautiful stories of the past. Written by Songling Pu and directed by Siu-Tung Ching, the news of the Chinese Spirit has all. Ling Choi Sin played by Leslie Cheung is a young man under his fortune who is looking for a home-based administration, in the forest, where the villagers seem to be very scared to go around. The journey alone is dangerous with the wolf, and the ruler of the taoist of the creature resides in the temple. Ling Choi Sin meets Tsing, a beautiful and wonderful girl who also lives near a distant temple. He has to deceive a man for his bad grandmother, but when he meets the innocent Ling Choi Sin fall in love. Ling Choi Sin is a kind of fool of his heart but his heart is the right place, while Tsing tries to protect him from other spirits in the forest, he tries to protect him from a player who tries to kill souls in the forest. There is a great military art, even a player who goes into a drinking song as he makes a form of taoist. The movie has a lot of traditional old martial arts art of the acrobatics, with magic and flying through the air, flying from tree to tree, and elegant dresses and scarves, but the movie actually flows, and everything is better. <br /> <br> Tsing is married to a bad monster of trees, which seems to be good, and we hear her trouble at her home where we meet her sisters and the daughter of a daughter who does not like. In the end they should fight the magician of death in death, and go with Yin into the heart of hell to fight the evil of a thousand years of saving their souls, and bring Ling's ashes to her home to be buried so well that she has a chance to be born again. <br /> <br /> Good stories that give you a sense of detail. One is touched in many ways with this film, will laugh, cry, and fun with great military art and movies. And though at the end, Yin and Ling Choi Sin climbs in the morning under a powerful rainbow, we do not know if Tsing was given an inheritance, but we know.
