In 1987 Hong Kong gave films such as Sammo Hung's film 'Spooky Kind' Chow Yun Fat in iconic of John Woo 'A Better Tomorrow', 'Zu Warriors' and classic` Mr Vampire'. Jackie Chan had an international success in the video, but had the 'Chinese Story of the Spirit' that HK movies had its first western history exhibition for many years. The Western movie films never seen anything like it. It was a film that took a variety of links that the HK movie had spent for years (a flight, horse-martial choreographed and conventional) and combining to create a film that was unique in his look, feel and implemented. Forgetting the poor and the needy should be created, this is the first and best. Siu-Tung Ching Director (still known as Action Choreographer on the film as Woo's 'Better Tomorrow 2' 'The killer'), under the eyes of the producer of the legendary Tsui Hark, created a Fantasy masterpiece. Horror cinema. And with enough skilled workers (not less than 6 Martial Arts Workers) the film's position was anything but wonderful would be thoughtless. Editing by David Wu (who wrote / directed `Bride with white hair 2 'and editing names such as' Tomorrow Good 1/2/3', 'Hardboiled' and a worship service being held 'Club' ') is just a work of thought. Working with a high-speed run, a sword war fighter makes some of the best HK movies ever created. Quickly moving, out of the country but it is never recommended, even today, the staple of their art. <br /> <br /> Movie theaters have done miracles too. This is a film where every shot is a skilled painting. Where the strange blue order emerges at night, associated with the fog of the eternal spirit, is a platform for breathing for our opened story. It is a film where everything is used to decorate the beauty of dreams. Even the clothes and clothes worn by Hsiao Tsing have been the live parts of the movie, whether in a romantic setting or war events, the current edit around the screen. Even the simplest area where Hsiao Tsing transforms clothes becomes a beautiful thing for beauty as every skill on the sets combines to create a highly memorable location from an act as simple. Seth is also surprising, giving other worldly feelings to the forest, and the temple with fierce heat, the crimson-filled bark of the abyss with an amazing end. Production structure and Zhongwen Xi deserves the highest quality. Hong Kong movies have given us a wonderful music and songs that have greatly enhanced the sequence of the sequence, but for the 'Chinese Ghost' story music is, quite, quite important. From the opening song the music becomes important as characters. <br /> <br /> The score is a perfect combination of modern and traditional instruments. Drums, bells and guitars decrease on the stage of action with great effect, but they are small, beautiful pieces that come into it. Here; The fluta, strings and female females form what is the most likely flavor of the music that they heard in the HK film. Adding to this female voice, a very good song that plays more than Tsau-shen's love and Hsiao Tsing, (nothing is seen, but the effect is amazing. This is an irrelevant example of romance movie) and you have a strong example of the power The music of the film can be. <br /> <br /> And we certainly have a talent to act. Leslie Cheung ('The Best Tomorrow 1 & 2' and the most famous singer) are best as a good tax collector. His work in the guide (with gentle thanks) is not recommended on its own events and Joey Wang is played with a huge amount of passion and guilt. Joey Wang (who would later fail to support the role of films such as Chow Yun Fat / Andy Lau classic "God of Gambling") has never been more than a radiant than he does here. She is the shape of the festive beauty. His definition of Hsiao Tsing bad is stunning. He shows his sadness to what he had and what he was made to do, but he also gives the cunning evidence of events in which he loses men for their misfortune. Former Wu Wu (`Mr. Vampire ',` Swordsman') is very happy as a wise, brave, but very long, Yen. Moving a narrow line between eccentric and annoying and easily doing. And what can be a character that may have effects on the film is really entertaining and memorable. <br /> <br /> But how about monsters and beasties?, I hear you right. Their best comes out of a dirty but beautiful stop / animatronic zombie who sits in the temple (resulting in a great gag running and regular attempts to attack Tsau-shen hopeless), for Black Black very black. Fill with weapons of sharp flying heads, and excellent wire work. Moreover, even this day, has never been beaten. But the best effect and creation is the language of spirit killers. We first encounter this with the effect of 'Evil' the speed of camera cameras as it reduces the caps of its victims to give a French kiss that turns the victims into the zombiefied corners. But later it is shown in all its glory. It can grow very big and long that comes through the forest after the prey, burst of trees, separates itself near the buildings and the coils are a little closer to the people before they take it and throw it against the trees! It can even split to open the mouth of the fang! It is a horrible idea that has been given a great romance not to work. But it does, with amazing and incredible effect. <br /> <br /> Why this all adds is a classic example of making Hong Kong movie. The effort of the true team that has given us a true film break. It is a film full of innovation, innovation, action, monsters, military art, ghosts, fantastic ideas, beautiful performances, good music, and most importantly for lasting charm, one of the most promising movies.
