Joan Fontaine here is quite persuasive as the beauty of amoram which can not really love anyone but himself. Her husband (Richard Ney) has lost all her money through a mix of foolhardiness and her shortage, and has been reduced to living in a small room, with little or no expectations. They continue to put on the most amazing clothes and go out and get involved if nothing is wrong. She is very attractive, feckless, but very good friends. However, Fontaine decides to go, because she has removed her benefits. So he decides to poison him when he knows they don't want to choose him, so he can continue. At the same time he had a partner (Patric Knowles) who decides to decline because she is not rich either. He meets aging Herbert Marshall, who has a yacht and all trimmings and money more than even Fontaine can imagine how to use. He catches him and decides that he will do well. She longed to be eaten by a little beauty. Certainly not very exciting, and has an appeal on sex as yesterday's cover. But Fontaine is one of those who have only eyes for money, and someone standing between them and obviously, so he does not even know or care for what he sees, looks through him and sees what he wants and goes to it. She continues to hate her husband, and send him very well and satisfactorily, so that everything can be. But as often happens in movies, and sometimes even in life, some unexpected things begin to deteriorate, and tension increases in value, so Fontaine begins to throw. Fontaine is very good at looking at the evil and fearful, and if the net begins to approach him, his sense of despair can be used and there we are in our seat. Hysteria and fear takes from a cold calculation and craft. But he finds a fallen man for his crime to someone who has lost his partner, who is a innocent victim of his plan to strengthen. He is sentenced to death for murder, because the husband's death for poison came unexpectedly. But Mr. Cedric Hardwicke, playing the head of the Scotland prisoner, thinks there might be something wrong, and he begins to doubt the story with Fontaine accused. He binds him, and some events like this happen are the manifestations of wild fears. But the life of the innocent will be saved before they are killed? Will Fontaine bug its way out of this? Will Herbert Marshall protect him from his bitterness? The film is headed by Sam Wood with the skill, and the film is a great excitement of the doubts that I think is a good reputation for the film's best film.
