Sea is Watching is an interesting film. First of all, the general feel there was an intense, inclusion, claustrophobic, and small. Each chapter seemed to be a picture of something inside, something that was very focused and not part of the big picture. It was obvious what we were looking at every chapter. The setup of the set itself has caused this feeling of delays and strength. Central road lights were cut off by half, and a small gate for small houses was followed by small and few cubbyholes used as institutions that built the whole city. Even the sea view was written and a little landing that a person can count on the number of tall grass grass. No panoramic views. In fact, it reminded me of the Montmarte of Moulin Rouge where the camera is facing a strong wind of rebuilding the feeling of a small area where everything happens. When acting as I did, I was unable to figure out how the lines were actually presented, I felt that the actions were more dirty and meaningless. Why would Kuno continue the way he did when Fusanosuke announced his unmarried marriage did not seem to be true? The people had not changed very much, and the Kuno character was very strong and stable that even if they were busy taking the O-shin business, the response seemed out of character and should and distract. Another example of an extraordinary act was when Kiukno's boyfriend was caught up with Ryosuke decided to intervene and was raised under the stairs, the way up and spread over the stairs and the clashes out of the weeds were enough. Wasn't that I like to fight? Or the opposite? but it seemed very little and again, to a large extent. Otherwise, while not a good movie to watch, it gave a beautiful picture of the black part of prostitution (as opposed to geisha). Unfortunately, maybe you are eating on our expectations of unhappy women ("honey?" I will give you a plan "supported by the most used works) and you have caused me so much if the 19th century actually did that way. inside the house, the domestic work was more attractive, open and realistic and provided a situation that I had never anticipated or thought of in my romance of Japan in the 19th century.
