'Umi wa miteita' ('The Sea is Watching') was a Swansong film of Akira Pages: changing the story of Shugoro Yamamoto, the author of the book on the screen which he wanted to film is his last sign from good work. Director Kei Kumai honors Kurosawa and Yamamoto by providing this amazing revision to the picture. <br /> <br /> Put in the 19th century Japan, the story examines the lives of the women of Geisha's house whose sole purpose in life is to earn money for men's enjoyment. The house run by the older couple who are genteel and geisha is a group of ignorant girls who know their business and are proud of their work. Everyone has a reason to turn into a life of geisha. Oshin (Nagiko Tono) supports his family living in the neighboring village, Kikuno (Mass Shimizu) has good and bad customers who can develop his stories about it. Oshin are the friends of the samurai who are at stake, fall in love with the gentle fellow, just find that he should not marry out of his caste and left his ease with Oshin married his promised betrothed. Oshin's heart breaks down easily but is always used both emotionally and physically / spiritually and with other geisha. Very good Samos Ryosuke (Masatoshi Nagase) comes to Oshin's life and promotes the first relationship and trust with him. Kuno is experiencing trouble, and decides whether to accept the love of the humble person who wants to marry him, and to deal with the rich but the client offender. While at sea they are watching and if the storm destroys the house of geisha and roads, Oshin and Kikuno are sitting on the roof waiting to be saved by Ryosuke. The way the story ends is one of the offerings, love, and dedication. Sea is looking to find protection for true love. Kazuo Photo Gallery is very interesting: night events and painting lights and interior geisha are similar to the conventional tropical and stressful sea conditions. Acting is very small for Edo's art, but characters are well formed and put a reliable story. One obstacle that is certainly not something to be accepted is a mark of Western music that looks like a cheap opera soap except for a short while the real Japanese music in real instruments is a favorite track. But at last there is a influence of Kurosawa's influence to destroy this film and its fantastic brand as a dream that will always continue its importance to the world film. Grady Harp
