Bellocchio refers to this as a particular political movie, the details of the revolutionary movement in Italy, but that seems more typical than reality. Well, almost everything in the movie looks like an example. The revolutionaries, whom we see and learn very little, may also be a superficial. External and old and new. Andrea's Papa, a psychoanalyst, seems to stand for the traditional traditional values ​​of bourgeois - morally, fairly, pure, clean and accurate, precisely. <Br /> <br /> Giullia, a revolutionary partner, seems to represent what can happen to someone who needs a very serious reason to support but cannot emphasize the type of commitment to these claims. (I think here.) Andrea, a young man, seems to be the only one in a movie who is not in a "uncertain" way. He respects his father but also does not. He loves Giullia, or so we think, though not quite old enough to learn how to manage his meditation equally, but he leaves him to show at school and complete his final exams. His course between this opposite life can be described as "media." He is a middle-man, who knows the meaning of confession, who can keep his cool when those around him shout. The amount of this is expressed during the last part of his mouth when asked to translate and comment on the short from "Antigone," which differs from traditional traditional authority for a secular and voluntary idea of ​​free . It brings us - without some course that I know - for Marushka Detmars. He reminds the cartoon of New York of the past few years. The two pigs are deep-necked in the river, watching the drinking star from the bank, and one hippo says to another, "I love him." He is a good actor. (Let me do it out of the way.) But it's also everyone else in the film. He deals with him, in his speech and manner, the brightness of the rich man. And it all comes from retailers too, not to aid recipes. Detmars are not nuts as Catherine DeNeuve was nuts in "Ignoring." The walls do not turn to the ball and grow hands. Instead, we see his animated - sometimes the animated TOO. And he gives us terrible scars when his feelings change and they threaten the way down to the rain. The skeptic called him sultry, but perhaps not the word he sought. She is very beautiful with her brown-colored hair, her white color ready, her lustrous lighter. And his eyes are like the eyes on the painting of ancient Egyptian tombs. The sexy parts are very good, not so much because one of them is clear, but because we've got to know the characters involved. (It is more amazing to spy on a second couple more than going to the skin of the skin.) There is really no sex. There is only one area of ​​sexual intercourse, but the director leaves them to play in what appears to be real time. At least a real time for a boy of eighteen years old. The boy who plays Andrea is also important, because the film depends on him and Giullia. They should carry and do. If it was not for their exhibitions, I don't know this may be interesting or as a flick flick as it is. It can be easily converted into a romance, decreasing, delightful. <br /> <br /> Value.
