This happens to be one of my awesome films. It is a rich, productive classy of the best actors of the actors, the best performances of movies, haunting music symbols, mental and novel themes, and a state of fear and danger. It is reminiscent of such tribal films as a child of ROSEMARY and SHINING, where young women, who are affected, find themselves being affected by unusual forces in old, attractive and old buildings. Here, the RAINES of 2003 has on the fashion style of New York City named Alison Parker. His happy, self-indulgent pleasure will cut off a bored and worried soul. This is evidenced by the revelation that in the past, he tried to commit suicide twice - once as a little girl after walking on his dad who slept with a bed with two women and removing the silver cross from his neck and throwing it on the floor, and the second time , after his wife-husband's husband committed suicide by learning things. Telling beau beau (played with SURANDON SARANDON slimy) which she needs to live for a year or so, she responds to the magazine's bedroom newspaper perfectly, the largest in the old Brooklyn Heights house. This building really exists and is located in 10 Montague Terrace right with Brooklyn Heights Promenade from Remsen Street. Businessmen photographed inside the building and its rooms, paying residents for their discomfort, of course. A real estate agent, Miss Logan (AVA WOMAN), seems to be interested in having Alison to take an apartment-interest that cannot be explained only by a 6% commission that would get. Especially when he quickly decreases the rental price from $ 500.00 per month to $ 400.00. Alison agrees and after leaving the building with Miss Logan, he realizes the old man sitting and looks looking at them from the top-floor window. Miss Logan identifies the person as Father Halliran and tells Alison that he is blind. Alison's answer is very logical- "Blind? Then what does he look for?" After moving, Alison meets other residents in the building, including a couple of lesbians beaten by SYLVIA MILES and BEVERLY D'ANGELO, who offers Alison to entertain the concerns in the building. Alison's mental health and physical well-being begins to deteriorate and he suffers from headaches and loss of information. When he sends his concern to Miss Logan about his sleepless night's sleep by strengthening the iron and big feet from the apartment directly over him, he has enjoyed learning that apart from the blind priest and now, no one has lived in the building for three years. changed. Calling for courage one night to face his nightclub, he strikes himself with a flashlight and comes to the top floor. He faces a specter of his father's cancer cancer and uses a knife to protect himself when he comes after him. Police detect and find no signs of violence in the apartment - no corpses, no blood, no. Yet Alison rushed to the building and fell on the road, covered with his own blood, as it turned. But there is a nary mark on it. Does Alison not know what until the film is that being in him brownstone has a goal. He was put there because - the reason why his nature returns to the Biblical story of the garden of Eden and of the angel Uriel placed at his door to protect it from the devil. He is felt by the Catholic Church to have the most important role — that will ensure that his soul, which has been destroyed by his two suicide attempts, can be saved. At the same time, the "invisible" neighbors, who may be more than just wonderful, have different agenda in mind for him. This is a powerful and intelligent film and one that surprises shows the Church and its representatives to the light of mercy.
