Michael Winner is perhaps known for his films, such as "Death of Death" and "Land of Chato", but it is also gifted as a cinema director of cinema, as "Sentinel" of 1977 confirms. "Sentinel", which depends on the novel by John Konvitz, who also wrote a screenplay, is a cautious masterpiece and great religion that no lover of magic of magic should seem missing. The film is dominated by the classic magic successes such as "Baby Rosemary", "Exorcist" or "The Omen", but, since I am worried, it is also as simple as unsettling as these more acclaimed films, and perhaps even creepier <br / > <br /> Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a good New York model. He was disturbed by his past experiences and is still ready to marry his legal partner (Chris Sarandon), Allison is in a house search house, with one of the biggest, most beautiful, which is also affordable, in an old house in Brooklyn. The new apartment, however, comes with a group of other wonderful tenants. And the new ignorant neighbors will soon be more than a little trouble for Alice ... This may not be enough of the compound, but I would like to destroy any of this film, so I can give more details of the plot. What I will say, however, is that "Sentinel" is a very interesting and effective film available from the cast as well as many times strange and unusual. The fact that director Michael Winner and author John Konnvitz also performed as producers here certainly had his influence on the results. The movie is considered by photography, and the old Brooklyn house is a beautiful environment for this kind of film. As mentioned above, the atmosphere is unknown and angry, and the film also includes several times of shock and real events. Film has many characteristics of damage and eccentric, and cast is very good. Good Christina Raines is good in her role of Allison Parker, proposed and still causes her to lose her mind. Chris Sarandon is also very good as his partner, a successful lawyer, and a helping aid includes many big names, like Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger, before being very popular. The diagram also incorporates stars like Ava Gardner, the example of Horror John Carradine, Burgess Meredith, and, my personal favorite, Eli Wallach great as a genocide survivor. I've been a big fan of director Michael Winner for a long time, especially for the film as "Death of Death" and "Land of Chato". "Sentinel" is another beautiful film in the repertoire of the Winner, and also the proof that the man is not only the master of the boiling-cinema, but also the atmosphere of magic Horror. All for all, "Sentinel" is a wonderful, intellectual, and amazing spiritual magic that is proposed for all fans of Free!
