This horrible movie, according to the novel of the same name, faces the production and destruction of destruction, the direction of the amateur, but however it is deliberately forcing. Unlike the horrible fricks such as The Exorcist, this film takes the viewer slowly but cannot be avoided in the pool of evil. It rejoices in the fear, which comes upon the audience with the same delay as the dream as shown on the poor girl who has been chosen without realizing that the second slave. His chosen work is to stay in the gates of hell and prevent the wickedness of the world. This falls on it in reconciliation for trying to commit suicide early in his life. The story is true for the book, which was voting, but the modified way may lose the viewer. There is a deception in a category that is exaggerated and has not explained the effectiveness of the film. That's compassion. Sentinel is not a type of flick of your edge; it's more looking-and-squirm for concerns. If the fall of a bad car, there is forced to appear even when it can fail. This movie is not all bad, and still has the ability to surprise him. <br /> <br /> Strike was capable. Christina Raines was appealing as Alison, a vulnerable girl under spiritual attacks from both sides, pawn in an eternal battle between good and evil. Chris Sarandon was as good as caring but was finally a special partner. Eli Wallach and Christopher Walken very little are spies struggling to erase the mysterious puzzle that they have been given. Ava Gardner is prestigious if the realtor does not know of fear of entering into his rental property. Elder Elder John Carradine, with his broken hands of arthritis, is better as a dead servant who must be replaced. The devil is perfected by Burgess Meredith; he is sweet and still evil. There are coming stars hidden in this film: Beverly D'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum as friends of the poor girl, and Jerry Orbach to play effectively against the kind as a jerky television director. Destroyed hearts are shown by real freaks of stick and geeks. Anyone who thought to do so was a misguided but brilliant mind. An error around the movie explodes unexpectedly, as when Alison opens the door and finds something that stimulates the flashback when he finds his father and his two murders. She testifies to the first suicide attempt, facing a pair of unemployed partners, and sees the cat cut as a cake. From time to time, he has gone back and through reality and fantasy, through dreams and dreams of awakening, all the time unable to cope. True, the devil tries to run his own lies to kill himself before he becomes the second slave. Will he succeed ...? In summary, the slow-moving still remains indescribably creepy, well took but legitimate directed, with 70 pictures of very horror before the real shockers cut. (No planned planned) This film cannot work for those with short-term caution, but it can still send back spine, and it can still provide a lower charge value. It remains exciting and exciting to attract in the area of ​​evil.
