I do not know why this small film has been banned in care, as long as going to the worse; Sentinel is a cunning and fascinating film that offers many stories of today's spirit than the run of their money. Michael Winner has often acknowledged that he is not the best director of all time, and that shines several times with this film; but it is said that the film works in spite of non-leadership direction, and the fact that the winner has done somehow voting the most amazing talent than it did. The program is rich and mysterious, and begins to focus on Alison Parker and hunt for flat. He sees that he cannot afford many of the assets he looks at, but he thinks his fortune has changed when he gets a perfect apartment at affordable prices. His problems begin after moving, since they do not like his neighbors very much ... and this problem increases when the property broker tells him that he has just one neighbor; The blind leader of the highest age on the top floor ... <br /> <br /> The cast list is quite amazing, and Cristina Raines unknown leads on great support. Chris Sarandon is a small timber in his role as opposed to Wine, but a small part of John Carradine's loved ones, Eli Wallach, Ava Gardner, Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Walken, with a name but a few more than making Sarandon lifeless. Michael Winner is doing a good job with its central location, as a block of flats provides a beautiful and pleasant atmosphere of the story. Film is slow to start, but it has never been boring; and the screenplay of Michael Winner provides a surprise which is impossible to think from the abolition, which certainly deserves a certain reputation. As with the many threats posed slowly, this is not recommended for early shooting money - but unlike many, the latter is a sure criterion if the winner is going out in order to surprise the viewer, and if rumors that he used real human oddities are true; I must say that he does a great job in it! In general, when this film may have a clean hobby whatever you look at; Sentinel is one of the best films of its kind, and it is the main of its director.
