Few Traders Alison Parker (Cristina Raines) is the best example, living with lawyer Michael Lerman (Chris Sarandon) in his home. He tried to commit suicide twice in the past: the first time, when he was a young man he saw his father cheating his mother and two women at his home, and then when Michael's wife died. Since then, he came from Christ and the Catholic Church back. Alison wants to live alone in his own home and with the help of a true state agency Miss Logan (Ava Gardner), gets an old old apartment in Brooklyn Heights for lease wisely. He sees a good man in a window at the last floor of the building, and Miss Logan informs him that it is Father Francis Matthew Halloran (John Carradine), a blind priest who lives alone with the Catholic Church. Alison goes to his new position, and immediately there, he gets a stranger: his neighbor Charles Chazen (Burgess Meredith) accepts him and tells his new neighbors. Then, he invites Alison to his birthday party at Jezebel. The next day, the wrong things happen with Alison in his home and his health. Alison looks at Miss Logan and understands that she lives alone with the priest in the building. Further studies show that all the people he knew in the party were dead criminals. Fearful of the situation, Alison agrees with Christ, while Michael examines the horrible events. Alison knows that he lives in hell. Though launched in the IMD User View, 'Sentinel' is one of the best awesome movies ever. I have seen this film at least six times, being the first time in 70 years, in cinema movies. On September 07, 2002, I bought a discounted DVD and saw it again. Yesterday I saw this film again. Even after many years, this film is still strong. Wonderful and lurid stories are even feared in the present day. Release is a constellation of stars and stars. You can see many actors and executives, who were popular, the beginning of the work. Fans of the terrible movie worship 'Sentinel', and I am one of them. My vote is nine. Title (Brazil): 'Sentinela dos Malditos' ('Sentinel of Damned') Note: On 2 September 2007, I saw this film again.
