this is the first two parts behind the conflict between the machine and humanity in the world of Matrix and it offers carefully to combine surveys on the fear of an unknown person and of that usurped by politics, a great religious and historical picture, destroying the expected expectations of parties involved and at least the most reliable and most frightening part of the recent. it is not accurate and some of the elements of the plot and the image are obvious and emerging but they have effects and results and describe the visceral and wise story. The first part places the area - human societies have developed high and potential robots, especially humanoid, to serve poor people, unskilled labor, work, construction etc. and people have become lazy and concerns them. One robot, however, rebels and killed its owner, saying in his future case that he did not want to die. he is destroyed but when the demolition of civilians robot is ordered to protect many robots to rise in protests, and many humanitarian assistants with them. The image here is for use, describing the civilian race and abuse, Tiananmen square, burnt offering and a very sparking area of ​​the robot in the shadow of a human girl to get hard, whipped on the head and then killed as 'I am really'. it sits down, the clothes and skins are cut off and the breasts hang out. it is a clear and dirty picture designed to show human fear towards non-regulatory and inflammatory factors towards groups based on the actions of individuals. However, this first part is like a winning film I Robot, but it soon comes in the Matrix story known as the progressive robot history is being converted to the middle east, in the childhood of civilization as the author tells us. there, the machines connect and start producing new AI and producing mass technology and selling it to human nations. we see business on a car which uses circular circular engines that take the rebels into the use of movies and we see a sentinel robot around Zero One, the name of their city. Their products and businesses make their economy increasingly affect other economies and the human governments and authorities establishes blockade in response. The machine sends delegates through Adam and Eve identical to the UN meeting to discuss the peace resolution for the blockade, but they are removed by force and the area is put to war in the second part. The animation is for a 4 ° C studio that works for quite a few of Animatrix and causes and stimulates the eyes, providing different events such as photographic images, CCTV images and certain ordering events and general present the story perfectly. The plot may not be the original concept and it can draw on the direction of the simple sheep and the elements of the plot and resort to triggering material but after a sufficient secret released by the first film and a short Morpheus short story of this information are A good exhibition of incidents of global disorder lost and in the hands of the service as a warning and as a vehicle for many views and opinions on humanity, development AI and the importance of harmony and cooperation and damage to conflict and prejudice, themes have been expanded to movies.
