That is the first thing that came to mind when I looked at the Europa credit closure to do there there were screens, never in my whole life I saw a film of technical skills, pictures of Europa are amazing that any film I look at in its wake will be just a color for comparison, forget your Michael Bay, Ridley Scott slick movies movies, Europa has the most ethereal beauty than anything they can pursue in millions of years. Now I would like to be the first to thank Lars von Trier specialist behind his film Break Wave and Dancer in the Dark, but this is stupid, the fact that Europa has gone un-noticed and the film professionals have long been a crime against movies, while the garbage planted more like Crouching Tiger, the Secret Eye and Life is very clean in professional prizes (but what they know) Europa is closed, does not build video stores and (even recently) any TV TV stations. <br /> <br /> Exhibitions in Europa are not MTV gloss; is not a case of fashion on the substances, more than a case of compulsory substance. Much like his first film The Element of Crime, von Trier uses the attitude of the main character to draw us into his world, and such as Element, the film begins with the main character (or in the case of Europa, we viewers) become hypnotized. When we come down, the Narrator voice (Max von Sydow) reads us in deep sleep, until we get out of Europe. This allows the Trier and its three movie administrators to pay for the time collection and photographs, there are many instances in Europa when the back character, who is black and white, will deal with the person in front who will be a color, von Trier tries to show us how previous things or the color has on the plot, for example, it is not surprising that the first shot of Leopold Kessler (Jean-marc Barr) has a color, since he is the only one who is the best quality on film. Exercise is good, it may not be done with the Tri Trier films, but it is only because the photos sometimes convince them that it takes them the first time round. But I would like to explain the good performance of Jean-Marc Barr in the role of leadership, whose blindismism is blindly slower and the two opposing sides, until he comes out of the final act of the film. Again, the muck as the Element of Crime, the film ends with our hero can not wake up from his dream state, left in this horrible place, and only the continuous story of von Sydow to close his fate. Europa is a very great film, and I do not know how to help embarrassment that von Trier has rejected this method of publishing, since he was one of the most talented directors who are working at the time, Europa, as well as all the principles of his movies are filled with the wealth of scenes iconic. His commitment to composition and mise-en-scene is not the same, not to mention its use of sound design and production. But since its uncompromising melodramas have turned out to break the net and the player in the dark then who can say, but it looks like losing talent to think. 10/10
