Technicians are not known for their kind hospitality and 'fun vibes', what are the stories of struggle, chaos, killings and of course a great male link! But the prison in this film is a completely different animal. Horror movies put in the cells are, as you probably know, there is nothing new as they focus on and expand the fear of claustrophobia and inability to escape? Two of the main themes in awesome movies. For examples like CHAIR (Waldermar Korzeniowsky, 1988), GREEN MILE (Frank Darabont, 1999), ALIEN 3 (David Fincher, 1992) and of course All Women In Prison Prison itself, another entry into this niche should be something to prevent and enjoy the boot to be recognized. Or at least you would think. PRISON is certainly an enjoyable and enjoyable journey and is the amount of embarrassment that is not known as necessary. <br /> <br /> Film, in short, puts the old prison (well, duh!) that has been reopened. However, not only the other prisoners and the prison guards are afraid, but also the spirit of the spirit spirit spirit with only one thing in his mind; death! And the boy, are we dealing with incredible deaths! I will not destroy anything here but there is a lot of creative and fun killings made by invisible hands. <br /> <br /> Apart from special effects and killings, this film also has something else going on; is thrown. To keep the head, we have the Lord of the Vine (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003) star Viggo Mortensen (and for all those who have loved, yes, he gets naked) whose performance is not only reliable, but has been done with the knowledge of Eastwood-esquire's character is bad- and a bone and fit (a very stylish mix). Add him to the members of the 'minute-i-know-that-guy' members and you have found one big star star. The characters themselves however do not have three-dimensionality and more often than not come up with as much stereotypical. We have a black oculist, a tough-nail prison administrator, a woman entitled to human rights and many other stake holders. But with all honesty, this 'error' really helps the film. Instead of the development of boring behavior in the long-term balance, we are faced, more or less, directly on the stage and as soon as it goes (very early) there is no single area that fills? are balls on the wall area. Unlike SHAWSHANK AIDS (Frank Darabont, 1994)! Sharing collections and types of slasher, this is the amount of the contract itself, and, in the traditional traditional nature, PRISON punishes those who have been bad. <br /> <br /> All of these are all very scary films and one that is sadly neglected and unspecified among the world of fear. By casting the best and the most serious consequences and the deaths of natural death especially this film is recommended for fans of fear. Do not be deceived into thinking that it will be a small boiling film either, just because it was done in the United States in the 1980s, it is far from cheesy (though the very end damages this) and, at the same time, far from feeling and truth (when it tries to deal with issues such as prison rape, these are carried out in large quantities. I paid 3.5 of 5 of luvs. The most horrible films of entertainment that are really good.
