2003 was seen as the Matrix year, as well as the release of two sequels and a computer game that was linked to the film program. Also released was a short film of 9 animations, mostly written and made in Japan and designed as Anime. Japan makes some of the best animations in the world. Sadly, many of these shorts are disappointed. The best among them is the first part of the prequel on the Matrix first film. The second one is done as a historical file. It tells how people did the machine for themselves. Mankind lives a high life when mechanics are grunts, social workers, second-class citizens. In the year 2090, the BI-66ER machine was put to death, after killing its owners who wanted to remove it. The machine does not have a fair trial and protest starts around the world. The world governments should remove the machine. Most machines leave the human race and create their country in the Middle East, O1. 01 has a prosperous economy and it easily leads to human nations, and compel them to become a economic crisis. Prevention of human beings 01 and denying the application of a peaceful machine, so human beings were involved in the war that makes them slaves. The second is the amazing look, with the best animation and traditional style and puts the compelling world. It shows how the machines were abused and that humanity planted seeds of destruction themselves. There is a political and social world and the shortest describes it in a short time. Short stock shares and silent silence of the silent metropolis of the Metropolis, the earliest part of the world. It is a theme of slavery, class abuse and racism. The short also has religious themes and iconography of religion. Especially the men considered themselves to be God and formed the machine for themselves. See themselves as masters of machine rights. The machines also use religious images, especially to form their nation in the 'civilization of the human civilization' and the UN come in as Adam and Eve, to give an apple. <br /> <br /> The animation style is good, done in traditional style (like Akira). Structured designs are good, combining futuristic and historic cities, e.g. Washington D.C .. There is less than the future location, and surprising violence, which is important to the film. Director, Mahiro Maeda, also led a series of anime in Kill Bill Vol. 1, so has a good reputation for Hollywood. He is ready to use violence and know how to keep stories going. The only true complaint is a continuous error of the first Matrix film because Morpheus says that human beings do not have historical records or know who started the war. But it's looking for him good.
