What we are here is the scope of the lowest budget and the original premise, cast to come with known faces and one of the most interesting places to hide in the history of awesome films. So ... can anyone please tell me why this film is completely destroyed ??? "Prison" is the Finnish director of the Harlin of the United States, which still includes as his best efforts even though he continued to make a blockbuster facing "Die Hard 2", "Cliffhanger" and "Deep Blue Sea". This story takes place in the old jail and ramshackle prison of Wyoming, reopened because of the more people in other cases of adopting modern governments. Within the ancient monuments of the former, the unmistakable spirit of the last victim of the chair still lives nearby. Current Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) was already already 40 years ago, when the innocent person was killed, and the soul still remembers his bad role in the trial of justice. It seems that the time for revenge has come. Viggo Mortensen has a good car thief who prevents the greatest number of body and Chelsea Field is a humanitarian worker who slows down the secret from the past. The "prison" has more than a dozen semi-memorable perceptions of the year but it is an unbearable situation that will put your stick to the point! Unlike any other picture of fear since ten years, "Prison" means amazing real! For this, I refer to the true and emotional environment in the prison walls, of course, and not to the usual killings that have been done ... although these are true to separate also. The best part of the film is a realistic and difficult guide of driver-drama with fear of seeing and awesome. The best time of panic (giving me a dream of a dream since I saw at a young age) focuses on the grizzly death struggle which involves barbed wire. Haunting !! Screenplay faces one mistake, but that's normal ... almost inevitable, I think: clichés! This story describes almost every possible possibility in the prison around it. We have a bad crack, oil and his toy 'boy', ignorant and racist guard to prevent the fight at all costs and ?? size? An old black man who serves life (I heard anyone calling the name Morgan Morgan?) Don't look at yourself blindly on these clichés is my advice, for there are many other interesting things. Photography is dark and humid, the mystery has been implemented for a long time and successfully with the responsibilities of class B-executives are better (fans will recognize Tom Everett, Tom 'Tiny' Lister and even the immortal icon of Kane Hodder's fears). Forget about God's awesome test of Wes Craven's "Shocker" or the shadow of the pathetic-flick "Chair". This is the only prison worth tracking down! Especially focus on Viggo Mortensen spread popularity these days (I heard she had a star in a successful franchise involving elves, hobbits and other fairy creatures ...) realistic 80's horror gem you want to get quick DVD release!
