I made a VHS box from my huge collection - many invisible - and a movie, according to the art of the box, I thought it would be fun, and yes, bad. The prison had a cheesy 80s of checking each box. I sit and watch, and look! and behold, it was found that sometimes we actually sit down on the movie with the original prospects in mind. Fortunately, I changed the mine quickly and soon I realized that I was sitting down not just a good film but the most beautiful movie in general. Prison says an old prison story, which had been opened to save on budget concerns. It seems to be amazing as all empty and filled with prisoners. Prison used as a set is a wonderful atmosphere and easy character in the film. The story of prison use as its basic context says at the beginning of a person killed through an electric seat. We see Lane Smith as an observer - has opened the cross before sending someone to his Creator. We are going to this day, first with the government board at a meeting to decide to open a prison and to send a good doctor to ensure that the situation is acceptable when he launched a strong campaign to re-release the old prison. Then we see a new guard, Lane Smith, was beaten with a desire in bed - and given a new job to open a prison that had no years. Well, it follows the suit: prisoners and guards arrive with a lot of excessive discrimination. We have been given the depth of character and several prisoners are interesting characters. Acting is better than someone who can expect and Lane Smith doing as a daily work. Viggo Mortenson as a very different prisoner to be established. Tom Everett, Lister Tiny, and Ivan Kane actually examined the boundaries of their characters. Chelsea Field is the same as female leadership. The best performance is Lincoln Kilpatrick, a low-character actor, like Cresus - a prisoner who was in the same prison years ago when a "man" was killed "for some kind of horrible mystery. I was very surprised by the director Renny Harlin has created a story to the atmosphere of the sky. The speed and Harlin knows how to create its own events. There are a few photographs of the newspaper - one with a wire The barbed was as little as it was with all the pipes. These events are creative and interesting. The parallel with respect.Script really is more than a coincidence than it finds from such films that can be partly characterized by Irwin Yablans who wrote the story. Recall came with the idea of ​​making Halloween as horrible as a holiday. is located (find).
