Short summary / spam The film opens with soldiers saved from a male company. One of them follows another for a wonderful plan that one rejects regularly. Later they both enter the office building that they want to run safely during Christmas holidays. Enemies turn into a banner to play and then fight a lot for survival (during the ban loses all drinking water, so it's very bad). For clear, built and oily stones that made a hole in the wall and eventually managed to escape? only know that they have been sent by the introduction of women. One gets caught, the other is free and is not given by another. At the end of the encounter, the ultimate light for smoking, adieu la ami, friend, friend. I have found it difficult to see non-cooperative partners, beaten by superstars Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. They are obviously attracted to each other, their treatment of women is disgusting and well-known for contempt. The whole story seems to have a strong working model, a little like Redemption. It is also very beautiful. Secure two men want to delete it in ?? on time? Modern sophisticated glass and aluminum tower. It is the company's advertising company, so there are many conceptual banners and wall coverings around. Wardrobe is also very good. Citroen DS's Stylish's stylish (perhaps a modern and prestigious car of all times) has great in this film? maybe the craft type of product placement. I can recommend this film to the actor's performances alone. Delon and Bronson incorporate real pay bills, in such a way that they hit me as very fairly and games. They both make a large amount of acrobatics. I've never seen Bronson better than here, he does the actions - and speaks French around, with a heavy impulse to buy it really. And indeed it is a man we have heard. (So, the French version is highly recommended). The police inspector who monitors these two plays with my favorite Franch characters, Bernard Fresson who was a partner of Gene Hackman in French Relationship II. He is the best inspector of the brainy police I know. Also very good is the former executive Brigitte Fossey as a little ingenuity who, as shown, is not so Innocent as shown first. Anyone who expects a local age of "contemporary ethnic movies" may be disappointed with this film. For those with this little patience this will be a useful experience, full of original ideas and novel leadership, though I was very cruel and sad for his own sake.
