This is the first of Jean Renoir's film that I have watched and perhaps so it seems to be much better, rather than being her first major job. In general, in fact it is a proven and professional film that reaches the fact that it was only Renoir's sophomore effort. For the fans of the director, it is full of interesting ideas in the future movies of Renoir especially CHAMBERMAID (1946) and GOLDEN COACH (1952) - for example of the most popular and honored women of the class who are proud of themselves for it - but also the rules of the player (1939) - show as it does in one sequence how the rowdy servants do when their backs of masters have been removed by - and FRENCH CANCAN (1955) - Nana seems to have to go into a mock dance one time. Personally, I would like to say that the film makes a piece of respect for a friend of G.W. The 19th Pandalia Board, Josef von Sternberg of BLUE ANGEL (1930) and Max Ophuls' LOLA MONTES (1955) in its clear entertainment life of debate. After saying all of this, the film was a key failure and business during its release - "effective work" as Renoir himself later mentioned in his memoirs which, not only costed him (ultimately reduced) The financial burden due to sell off some of his late father paintings, but almost did stop movies for good! Effectively, NANA is very different from Renoir's voice and has a debt of Erich von Stroheim's FOOLISH WIVES (1922), Renoir film was very happy - and with a personal note, which I must describe the presto (to be owned by Kino's DVD and other von Stroheims for 4 years now). Also, NANA is certainly not guilty of it: the speed of independence is felt at a time of about 130 minutes of operation (some horse races in the center of a particular point). The best practice of performing exhibitions is also difficult to take on a regular basis - especially for Catherine Hessling and Nana and Raymond Guerin-Catelain of Georges Hugon (one of her various managers) ... though, technically, they are their characters. bad actor (who considers ethical lifestyles while being beaten away from action) and undermines the child, respectively. However, as Anna Magnani in GOLDEN COACH, Hessling (the wife of Renoir at that time, by the way) does not like very interesting as "the shape of beauty" (as another model explains in one step) who can serve every person she meets. Other parameters in cast are "Dr. Caligari" himself, Werner Krauss (as the most powerful Nana actor, Count Muffat), Jean Angelo (as former Nana's former surprise) and the famous director of the future Claude Autant-Lara (called Claude Moore as well as art director here) as a close friend of Muffat but who has loved the secret with the wife's last wife! Published what I saw - through Lionsgate "Jean Renoir 3-Disc Collection Edition" - is a great part, the love of restored love and beauty that was found only on the French DVD. Being the foundation of French literature (by Emile Zola, not less), it can not help but after being introduced several times and two versions of the most popular films are Dorothy Arzner of 1934 (and Anna Sten and Lionel Atwill and which I have on VHS) and Christian-Jaque in 1955 (with Martine Carol and Charles Boyer, which I do not know).
