I loved this movie. I disagree with some of the comments (negative) that I have read over the years. This was a great car for Eddie Murphy! He seemed to have a good time with his part like Chandler Jarrell and they should never care about what critics say, if he was happy to do it? and many viewers enjoyed! And, it was fun to look like to include a great fantasy tension with Mr. Murphy's comedic style. Do you keep in mind that the 'gold child' is a 'fantasy' film? The only work of thinking of magic and wonder in the 'real world'. During this film, I was working on a video rental store. This was one of the most popular for all our customers. Every time, we put this on our tracks, all copies that we have left quickly with the waiting list of the waiting list that put it in queue for months! Everyone who rented it liked it! I was a critic of a live film and all my ordinary customers ask my opinion before leasing? this was one of my favorites and I realized my customers' taste so I strongly recommended this for most of them. I really feel that this film is sleeper? could not be very good at the box office? from poor markets? but it comes up in the rental and buying market later! (Yes, I bought this film for my video library!). I loved the little boy who played 'The golden baby'? J. L. Reate - but after watching his notes in IMD, I noticed that he did not have any film. That's sad, because she had a screenshot of the screens and she could continue with the film work. I also congratulated Victor Wong, who played the Old Man (I loved him for his part as 'Egg Shen' in 'The Great Trouble in Little China' - 1986). At any rate, this was a great film. The only obstacles that seem to be the same as the head are some of the areas that have had a little more 'adult'? such as' Chandler's sex words instead of a snake woman taken as a silhouette. It was amazing, but it was still not equal. Well, so was there a few interesting events? those were placed for the thought of the day perhaps. This was still a form of ridiculous and run-up film that we need today to avoid all the basic and complicated facts and the trouble we are being pursued by Hollywood. Now it's Entertainment!
