I always feel strange and guilty to say (because I am a good student who is not a young person), but I really have a kind of Olsen twins, and I respect the movies they make, though I have never been a viewer of the goal. "The time of Rome" was the tradition of Mary-Kate and Ashley, full of foreign trips, accents, motorbikes, romance adults as a story "B", fashion trends, and even gag reel on credit. I enjoyed myself. "Roman time" and other Olsen movies do not make themselves anything they do not have; often, they just congratulate on the video, and do not claim to be "Kane's Citizens" or even "Help Remember." My quote is, people who watch this film and expect that anything other than the Olsen twine movie will be disappointed. That said, those who are fans of Olsen twins will be very happy. For those whom we have watched since the first events of "Full House," it is very good to see that it grows in more mature roles. This movie provides important historical and geographical information, such as many movies (note 10 Downing Street from "Win London" and Louvre's visit from "Passport to Paris"?) With a good, clean and fun offer that can be interested in The whole family. As long as I still feel like I'm in my soap box, and as long as I can make it useful for the film, I would like to take the time to resist those who reject Olsen's twins: to become a fan of Olsen's twins, you don't have to be a girl "village" before the boy from California. In fact, it is not really the audience. If, MK & A clothing and accessories model will be run through Gap or similar storage, not Wal-Mart. "At the time of Rome," when it shows "top style" and globe-trotting with two girls from the Cali basin, it's not really about that ... it's more about promoting young girls who have a plan to allow them to take them. It means to put a film in a fascinating foreign city with beautiful boys on a motorcycle, so be it. That is called marketing - you take the idea and sell it to make it attractive. At least they send a good message, even if the path is too small. Basically, do not hesitate to watch until you see it, and then don't hesitate until you try to understand what Olsen's twins do: they encourage young girls to be creative, intuitive, and young women. This movie makes it, I think, like the rest of them. Children - enjoy it. Parents - do it. If you love Olsen twins, you can't despair.
