* It has attackers because I describe the techniques of the film, so read for your own risk! * I liked this film. The use of painting in some cases makes it seem that the old picture is coming. I also enjoyed people's estimates on the back screen. For example, in one area, Leopold calls his wife and is directed back to her instead of a normal split screen. His face is great back and Today is ahead. One of the best uses of this is when young boys kill Ravensteins on the train, the area hit in a close political style, with a close face. It reminds me of Potemkin's War, that the stylish style is often with red medicine to provide tons of fear without many years. Same and location when Katharina has found her dead father in the bathroom ... you can see only the red water side. It is one of the things I like about Von Trier, not having any of his fearsome feelings, which make it worse. The use of text on the film was unique, as the character of Today when influenced by the word, "Werewolf." I've never seen anything like that in the film. <br /> <br /> The use of black comedy in this film was done well. Ernst-Hugo Järegård is as good as Leo's uncle. It brings the fighters I got from his role in the Kingdom (Riget.) This humor makes a condom tracking of the trainees of the train against the terrible WW2 situation and all the chaos, easy to take. It reminds me of the Riget through the hospital administrator trying to maintain a common condition at the end of one part when everything likes. It shows that some people are not aware of the bad things happening around them. However, some people, like Today, are mentioned, but do nothing about it. <br /> <br /> sounds up, made well by Max von Sydow, it's also exciting. It enters you into a story and lets you enter Leo's head, which is sometimes a terrifying scene. <br /> <br /> Movie brings the point that one is a fool if they don't take a side. I see the idea that was used in the Gym player, which Bjork's character did not say himself and ended up being his own destruction. True, at the same time, Von Trier appeared to fight with me, by making Breaking Waves and Dancer, but now I know her male characters are not well-off either! I found myself in a place at the end of the player, when you really want the main character to reconsider their actions, but of course, they never have!
