Lars Von Trier has never been back in trying new methods. Some of them are original when others are better to forget. <br /> <br /> Shows Germany after the war as a night train train. For many cities among the ruins, Leo Kessler of the German American origin feels responsible to help in their restoration. It's not as easy as he sees quickly. His uncle gets a job as a nightclub on the Zentropa Rail Line. His task is to attend passenger needs. When shoe-shaped shoes are on the fingers. A frightening discussion occurs when passenger shoes are not selected despite the fact that they have been broken. There are many tips for German stimulation to consider the stupidity. The journey of rail is like a story representing man-made protests through life and all his trials and suffering. In one sequence Today it passes through the rear cars to find them filled with half of the hungry bodies that appear to have fled from Auschwitz. These images, as bad as they are, are lost as in a dream, each with its terrible effects are not yet recognized. <br /> <br /> At the station called Urmitz Leo jumps from a train of a bombing factor. In the view of many managers connect the bomb to the bottom of the car. Returns to his cabin and makes a connection with the clock time. Later he jumps from the train (at high speed) and sleeps on the grass on the river river. Looking at the above star decides that his job is to create and not destroy. Finally when he saw the train approaching a large bridge runs the speed of breakdown into the train and stop the clock. If you take care to analyze the situation it is quite impossible. Absolutely evil indeed. It can only happen in a dream. It is amazing how a person remembers a few details as a row of cups hanging on a hook and walking away from hitting the train. Besides the fact that this film is widely known, I would like the future Lars Von Trier (Breaking Waves and The Idiots) movies. The part of the bomb described above has actually made me. Maybe I am true.
