Fighting the death penalty is the only reason. Everyone living in Europe would think so. In USA everything is different. The film seems to show in the first step that justice can win against the death of the death of the death of Bigot's right to the United States. The boy has been released from the death line due to a law professor who returned to advocacy counseling for this case. But the film is good. Right in the United States is completely dominated by revenge. The loss of justice for justice is the same as the rule of revenge. One person in the Public Law Worker has a young man charged with false charges. The Public Attorney Officer reduces the charges over time and the young man walks free. But he loses his college scholarship and he is beaten by other people who have no smoke without fire. He hides his shame and swears to take revenge. But he also needs to meet his sexual needs that are more intelligent than hormones but even stronger because of intelligence and no hormone again and can only do it with young girls. It looks grouped by another partner who is after that type of preys. One day the local fighters are monitoring their intuition, led by unknown elements well in the murder of the little girl, and they capture the little face we are talking about. They beat him and asked him for 22 hours without being hit by the blows and phone books and guns and roulette of the Russian. He cries. Sent to the death row, he asks his grandmother to find a law professor in Massachusetts who is the husband of the Public Attorney lawyer who accused him of lying for the past several years and revenge is on rail. It will fail but it shows that once in the line of justice, the police work and other security forces leave the full line of law, the wrong action has been made that could even destroy the best case of prosecution and that could feed the worst with a desire to retaliate . Spraying on the most common aspects of the situation is as bad as allowing many elements to destroy the police or justice work. The best goals in the police sector are destroyed by personal involvement and revenge, as the life of a person can be threatened by the common aspects of evidence, which in turn will jeopardize the whole case by simply being normal, so easily reduced. , and a good lawyer. The film focuses on the importance of respecting all standards and policies with the police and the line of justice if we do not want to make a mistake, which in turn is not entitled to the right to death since it is against the very absolute belief of Americans should have: "We hold this truth to be obvious, that all human beings are created in the same way, that they have been given to their Creator and Non-legitimate Rights, which among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. ”(Independence Declaration) Life is an inevitable right that man was given by the Creator its, which means no one but the one who gave it can remove it. Only God can take a person's life away. The death penalty is the pride of power that we do not have. Even if we have not cast out God, we cannot justify the death penalty unless the act of revenge, and here the film shows the vengeance is the worst possible possible in the right decision and in the introduction of public peace. If revenge is pushed aside there is no other penalty for this death. And there may be always a mistake in finding that not fun but revenge. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University of Paris 8 Saint Denis, University of Paris 12 Créteil, CEGID
