Thriller experiencing !!, December 10, 2005 Author: littlehammer16787 from United States <br/> <br /> The only way to contact: Sean Connery, Laurence Fishburne, and Blair Underwood. Assistant, although Harvard's law professor, Paul Armstrong, has condemned Flordia Everglades and a black boy sentenced by Bobby Earl who was not guilty. Since anxious and cold soldiers are beaten and hit on a donkey to confess the killing of a eleven-year-old girl. When he was singing more and more in a strange case he knows that Bobby Earl is a victim of discrimination. Why the black police investigator Lt.Tanny Brown of the small community is corrupt and in the sense of the village. When the killer of psychological killings, Blair Sullivan, is recognized. He realizes that he knows the place of the murder weapon that struck the little girl. When Armstrong finds that there is a good hiding on the road to Sullivan road through a small town and a letter he wrote himself. Bobby Earl gets purely. It's locked from prison and it is not worth his terrible punishment. It all seems to swim well until the phone's unexpected call from the Sullivan killer who comes to the goal. Armstrong finds a double-lurid murder which happens to be the parents of Sullivan. For him he is very disrespectful. and kill Joanie Shriver. He just struck a contract with Sullivan psychological psychology. To be opened so that he can kill again for revenge. For a beautiful wife of Armstrong and daughter. Now Sullivan is killed by his death. Armstrong and a beautiful girl Brown expel the villain of pride for the Everglades in order to stop him. When they got to Armstrong he learned that psychotic sicko Bobby Earl plans to kill his wife and daughter for an old rape case which undoubtedly endured pain pain and however, good police Brown appears and beat baddie. , men eating.Paul Armstrong, Tanny Brown, his wife, and daughter lives and live happily at all times. An exciting thing that works. It reduces the secret and damage. How black people who refuse to be beaten by colored color lawyers. Faced with improper penalties. Although sometimes they are not guilty of guilt, a black friend may be really baddie bad. Sean Connery is as good as an attentive, more faithful than you hero.Laurence Fishburne seems to be surprising as meaningful, arrogant, but beautiful man offender. Underwood and Harris are up and reinforcing as a physiological psychology.The affair is the same. Ruby Dee is as big as a powerful bride.
