This movie is a mixed package. On the one hand, the story and the concept of the movie is very good, time and have a good effort to plot in it. But again on the other hand, it is all told very slowly, without fashion and unknown. I still see "The only reason" as a high excitement just because of good cast. Perhaps Sean Connery was replaced in his position. I mean, he is not true that he is a great 'hero' and father of a little daughter (played and still very young Scarlett Johansson by way) and Kate Capshaw's husband. I feel that he was too old for the responsibility to be truly reliable in him. However Sean Connerey is a good actor and that's the only reason he can make the film as well as he does. But he really is assisted by a very good assistant who includes actors like Laurence Fishburne, Blair Underwood, Ned Beatty, Hope Lange, Lynne Thigpen and Ed Harris. All characters are very good but some of them are widely used at the same time, which is a real embarrassment, with a missed space. Especially Ed Harris is very good in his role as psychological psychologist. He is actually more and more effective. He usually does not play this cruel, horrible movie, so he is very concerned about his role in this. Its only function is already more than enough reason to watch this film. However because of the fact that the story is told without much style and formulaic too, no characters in the movie really work well because it feels too far <br /> <br /> It is really a way of story that kills all the film its best. Arne Glimcher leads the movie with a limited style and keeps very low speed time. For this reason, we as viewers, never share with any story or any of its characters. It is really very bad, for "Just Because" was likely enough. Well cast and lost stories and wait unexpected and turn into it which nothing seems. Healed by the story is the only reason that this film is still the most exciting, which perhaps still please the fan of that kind. Yet it is a shame to ever be a movie lacking in her story to tell and fashion, or maybe this movie would be a real classic in its genre. <br /> <br /> 7/10
