** SPOILERS ** Surprise the top policemen about a loose rabbit in and around the small town of Riverside Wisconsin. Who are followed down by local police using the female police Gina Pulasky, Helen Hunt, as the enemy under the hug. Nothing new in this has been done for television movies that you have not seen before but the depth of acting and the screen is very good and provides a lot about not only a killer but also a police, as well as a colleague of a colleague, state of mind. Having put down a psychological service after shooting an armed and tough bomber, who attacked his girlfriend with a gun. Palusky officer has been given a job to go under the shadow to get close to the killer suspect Kayle Timler, Steven Webber. Having been well recognized by the young Sahsa girl, Kim Kluznick, who did not see him away from where Timmy Curtis was limited to be beaten, 18 times, to death tomorrow. <br /> <br /> Get a job in Mr. C "Diner" where Tim works Gina gets to be very friendly with him and later tells him, to get Tim open, about him likely to be a sharp killer who he once killed in accidentally hit-and-run a woman aged 79. Tim who is said to have an IQ's mind does not seem to take Gina's attempt to seize a trap even after seeing her on a bowling trip and her boyfriends spend the night. Play a wonderful game of cat and mouse along with Tim when getting Gina, to the point of a knife, to admit that he is connected. But Gina tells him that he had to do so and the police get a break and release earlier from prison. In addition to Tim's stability and criminal acts we see that Gina is not all too. He seems to be harassed and rejected by his father who has left him, as well as a drunken and abusive mother, as a young girl who works as a policeman to hide. There is also the fact that Gina's boyfriend Will McCaid (Jeff Fahey), who has lived with his wife and two children, who is also a serial murder case is very overprotective. That leads Gina to close her insurance and which is removed later her work. <br /> <br /> Turning on low-duty duty with his boss Capt Cheney (Dan Conway), on the opposition of McCaid Officer, after another young boy, 12-year-old Davy Marish, appeared to be killed in Gina finally find himself together and gets Tim to admit that he is a person who is responsible for a string in the area. Gina does this by having a hidden recorder that she chose what she gave to show how trustworthy, hiding. <br /> <br /> Movie "In the Dark Company" was not true that it is unique but act for Helen to hunt Jeff Fahey and especially Steven Webber was. It was a high-quality exhibition that raised the film well on the average made for filming.
