This is five films of Tri Trier I have seen. I believe he is the only director I have given the highest score on all his movies. Four of them, Element of Crime, Europa, Breaking Waves, and Dancer in Giza, I have given 10, and one, The Idiots, I have 9 (and I've been looking again if I give 10 since I first saw, though I would like to see it again before doing). He has been emerging to be one of the best working managers. I tend to agree with him. I can't blame him for being arrogant when he has made so many films. In 50 years, von von Trier retired, he will be seen as a famous European artist (perhaps from planet), and there will be classes taught by his name. He is the only Bergman or Fellini of our time. It is very bad critics are very impressed by themselves to realize this. It 's about Europa itself, I will admit that it was a mixture and that its details didn't seem to be strong. I think that's sure. This film was clearly meant to represent a dream, or a subconscious at a certain level. This is quite clear from filming: Max von Sydow. We are hypnotized, or von Trier is hypnotized, and this is his mind / mind. I have loved to rely heavily on his mind, because the destruction of Europe applies to me, the United States, very little. This production is also seen as saying the Element of Crime, the most brilliant film than this (although I am discussing in my mind, what Europa needs more than anything is given to the DVD, hoping Criterion again, and displays the aspect ratio and sound and images, then, I am sure, this film will appear to be as good as any Tri Trier film. In Element of Crime, the film begins with a hypnotist, whom we actually see on the screen at this time, is hypnotizing Fisher, European detective who wants to get the root of his mental anguish. The first words of the film are "Dream is the same, but my job is to keep you on track." And at any time Fisher, the author, coming out of the track, the hypnotist dismisses and tells him to return to the story. It even laughs when the character is given a silly and trite line. One thing in the verse, "Do you understand the difference between good and evil?" The defendant laughs and says, "Now, Fisher, didn't he say the truth, did it?" So the key to translating Europa, next to another type of The Element of Crime, is that we are deep in our / for the Trier, and the symbols are translated into us and will likely be different for everyone. What does the train itself signify? Think inside, and then discuss it out. Europa is a beautiful film, masterpiece. I have never been tired, although I looked at it at 3 am. Full time to watch, in fact, as it works in the logic of dreams.
