I saw this film at the Adelaide Film Festival '07 and I was excited every 106. I love the document, but often see them playing with 25 minutes to go. Then the False $ used yet, never lost my interest. The film lesson is Norma Khoury, a woman of Jordan who gained fame and fortune in 2001 and published its book Forbidden Love, a biblical story of a kind about a Muslim friend who was killed by her family by having relationship with a Christian man. A few years later, however, a few journalists started hitting in the story, leading the public to believe it was a fraud. The film covers this very quickly but at first, and from there we spend a lot of time in Norma's company as she tries to convince us that her novel is more false. Director Anna Broinowski has found a very interesting woman to study, and runs an interview with Khoury as she finds the truth. As always in life, the truth is not easy to find. Norma panic for her life, worrying about the deficit of violence on an improper picture of her story of the Muslims of Jordan. He refuses to return to Jordan and show us the truth. Broinowski does not despise it, however, and slows it to pieces before us. The result is a wonderful look into the mind of the artist's artist. Usually, what we find is meaningless and very difficult to follow, and eventually we don't know whether we believe Norma or not. Perhaps a woman who tries to humiliate living, or a wonderful spinster. A false network, truth and half of the truth that turns through the film is brilliant. The film uses a lot of interviews, including a story telling story, and Broinowski uses these drawings to show us why people like Norma can be: we want to be included. We go to the movies every day and let us believe that what is happening on the screen is real. That could only be I read in very little things, did not come in Q&A and Brionowski after the film, but that's what I removed. <br /> <br /> This is a beautiful Australian film, and you must receive international release, and swag reward if you ask me. Certainly the best film I saw at AFF07. Go to see, if you get a chance.
