Storyline: Max von Sydow's sound-top story hypnotizes the protagonist (and viewers) back to 1945 where our young US protagonist ideologist Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) has the right to arrive in after WWII 1945 Germany to help build a country destroyed. Uncle Kessler (Ernst-Hugo Järegård) provides Leopold work in a large Zentropa train company, but recently Leopold likes to Catherine Hartmann (Barbara Sukowa); The daughter of the owner of Zentropa Max Hartmann (Jørgen Reenberg). Leopold quickly finds himself caught in a corrupt network, taken advantage of, losing his ideology, and is forced to choose between insects or colera. <br /> <br /> wonderful, mesmerizing, manipulative, noirish, haunting, good, and bad. These are some of the fastest, big, details that come to mind when thinking of the masterpiece of Lars von Trier of 1991 EUROPA; The last chapter of the trilogy of Europa. The United States had the name ZENTROPA so the audience could not combine with EUROPA EUROPA of Agnieszka Holland from 1990 (similar to the WWII festival). The Trilogy of Europa also has FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT from 1984 and EPIDEMIC since 1987 (an extraordinary attempt that sold only 900 tickets to Danish movies). Trilogy is actively involved with hypnotism and loss of idealism, although the theme of this trilogy is not as important as illustrations. In the opening-shot of EUROPA we see the locomotive moving towards us when our unknown narrator literally hypnotizes us: "In the tenth sense of ten, you will be in Europa. The film's ability to 'send us to a realistic dream. EUROPA uses a wonderful but more effective style - the famous Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky is a major attraction of Trier all. It is a black-and-white movie consistently the same thing with red in the blood system, red dress etc. According to this rumor inspired Steven Spielberg to use the same effect in LIST SHINDLER'S from 1993 (coincidentially another WWII drama). More than three uses the Dutch-called angels to strengthen natural estimates by adding different spheres of collaborative layers on layers, but unlike the old Hollywood movies that included for economic reasons, Trier uses for artistic purposes. These extraordinary observable observations describe that we are in a real sense of dream, used; EUROPA world is not true! EUROPA is often criticized for high-quality techniques (such as various layered background-estimates) on the plot and characters, but hey that's what inspectors criticized Stanley Kubrick's 1968 Visual masterpiece 2001: SPACE ODYSSEY for - these days has a role of duty in all the books of the movie history. <br /> <br /> EUROPA also gets a criminal record. It seems that the Trier gives a group of the Waswolf terrorists of the most historic Waswolf. According to a variety of online sources that are correct (a fascinating subject - try to find yourself!), But the purpose of Trier is not a history of education or an exhibition. EUROPA is an endless dream. Leopold Kessler is hypnotized, so the world in which the audience meets is an incorrect reality. It also shows how our memory deceives us - the correct construction of 100% is false! Although a young audience who finds EUROPA is very small have recorded from WWII, we have a joint reference from the BBC's various articles, so these incorrect small realistic achievements: they inform us that we are not in WWII after Germany 1945, but in the memory of Leopold. All three Europa trilogy newsletters show young ideologists and good intentions forced into corruption and lose their guilt status. The worst end of FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENTS and EUROPA shows the ideologists to get ever caught in their hypnotized state. Before, during and after the run of EUROPA in 1990 in Poland, Lars von Trier and a collaborator of the Niels Vørsel coalition had a great interest in WWII. Shows. It is full of the best hit-ups that recognize the time-time spot-up. A great example is the old Polish church (EUROPA was shot in Poland especially for economic reasons) in the last action of EUROPA. As with 2001: SPACE ODYSSEY I think EUROPA will have a real chance in the history of movies. His way of misleading the old film-love-affair clichés with visual techniques is unique, wonderful and completely different from what you see from Hollywood these days, or any other dream-factory for that matter. <br /> <br /> EUROPA is an important movie in the Lars von Trier list. Some write as a pure business deception, but that will be a disaster. There is the first class of the class and the most common class like FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT from 1984, RIGET's TV series from 1993 to DOGVILLE from 2003. It is a unique experience from before Trier to keep its administrators, and before Manifesto of Dogme95. See! "By the count of ten ..." 9/10
