I was not aware of the time in the history shown in this black comedy of Brazil of 1971, however not to say it was not available to me because the movie makes it very clear. It has been put in the 16th century Brazil, where French and Portuguese fighters are fighting against the uncomfortable people as partners in their fight to demand the rule. What is particularly interesting about the movie is that it is done by Portuguese from a French perspective. The hero is a beloved Frenchman, the Portuguese are residents, and some of the French are opposed to greed. Portuguese film workers are intended because all the time it is said and done, we see that it is not suitable for the one side to take. It is up to the environments that surround the world and when it is known to the tribes. Enemies are made and developed, and if so, environmental cooperation has not continued. Frenchman is engaged in Portuguese and was captured by a native tribe, Tupinambas, after killing the Portuguese group. The tribe of the tribe predicted that they would find a strong Portuguese man to take revenge on the brothers of the capital killed by the Portuguese island of Portugeuse. Imagine Frenchman is Portuguese, they believe now they have one. However, a Frenchman is given a village offense, or after a wife has been given a wife, and is considered to be their appearance instead of Western clothes, or any clothes. Another Frenchman comes to the village and tells the tribe that the prisoner is a Korean, then suspends the angry French that he will tell them the truth when the Frenchman gets the hidden treasure that another Europe has hidden around. I have seen the opening area of ​​a funny, because its details have spoken and its controversy on the screen serves as a great satire, even if the movie doesn't seem to want to maintain that voice more often. In fact it is not a riveting film. The strong, important street, the worst way of life and the dead women do not only make a French, but we also forget any threat, and we have his feelings as a free person. It should not be too difficult to escape. Destruction of destruction is as a shortage of disappointment as a complete deception of cast, suggested that part of the representative of the dry cartoon of Pereira dos Santos of the New World mythology and non-social partnership. At any rate, the 1500-year-old definition, was shot in the ocean and 365 islands, played in close proximity to Tupi, promoting effective breakthroughs in high-quality methods because they have been repeated for centuries.
