After the story of a love triangle in Har Dil Jo Pyaar Karega these 3 stars were re-selected in this controversial flick. The film would be considered as knocking if there were no controversy and production standards from Bharat Shah. Here the duo director Abbas-Mustan worked very different and unique compared to their previous project and after leadership. They are considered as the happy developers of Bollywood. But in the CCCC they confirmed that they could hold the same to make a family-friendly festival. In fact there is one area of ​​action when Preity was raped by a Salman colleague in his house, Salman struck. <br /> <br /> Movie has almost all levels and links like song, story, forming, presentations etc.. which is required to make the film take place. But of course to the fan of this Salman was a wallet of surprise from him. Why? Because for a long time he has been performing tasks where he has a place to show his open body and la-la-dance. His role as a small businessman who does not have a nonsense and common nature is truly amazing. After all Madhubala, the role of the prostitute made by the Preity is amazing. Later when he also turns thought on his life he deserves proper attention. His facial expressions and body language become more interesting, and especially looking to him. His original role as a pregnant woman in Kya Kehna was not as touching as it is here. Of course, this can be called as an improvement. Then Priya, the innocent and non-supporting wife of Raj who only depends on the best results. He has no great influence in stories as the main ingredients are in the hands of Preity. Finally, the main issue of the story which is unique and unique itself. In the real world of this age it is not quite difficult to come up with such a search for a mother-in-law. Perhaps, many come from this great world where these are hidden. And in this way the CCCC journalist has revealed a hidden truth that is done by others for everyday life. But it is still doubtful.
