The CCCC is the first beautiful film in the Sound of 2001. When I saw the first trailer of the film I thought it would be a good movie for the family. I was right. Salman Khan has done a powerful performance forever. My family was not very interesting but after seeing this film my family is very interested in her. Rani and Preity are amazing. The film will be a great hit because of the three main stars. It's about Raj (Salman Khan) and a meeting of Priya and fall in love. They get married and go to Switzerland for their honey salary. After returning to Raj and Priya know that Priya is pregnant. Raj's family is very happy when they know the sister of Raj (Amrish Puri). Raj and his family are playing cricket one day and Priya has an accident that causes Priya to become pregnant. Raj has a close family friend who is a doctor, Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). She tells Raj and Priya that she can no longer have children again. Raj and Priya keep this stability from the family. Raj and Priya decide to go for surgery. Engaging with them is that they will get a girl with Raj and the girl will have a baby and then take the baby to Raj and Priya. Raj finds a girl. His name is Madhubala (Preity Zinta). She is a player and a prostitute. Raj tells him the situation with his bribe for money and admits. Raj change Madhubala completley. Raj tells Priya that she has found a girl. Madhubala and Priya meet to be friends. They go to Switzerland to do so no one gets. Priya spent the night in the church with Raj and Madhubala alone and spent the night together. The doctor insists that Madhubala is pregnant and both are happy. Raj tells his family that Priya is pregnant. They are happy again. Madhubala comes to love Raj and she wants him. What happens next? See CCCC to find out. One thing that I didn't like about the movie is his idea of ​​surgery. They should make it the right way in the film but it does not destroy the film. It was still better. <br /> <br /> Film songs are good. My favorites are "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke", Dekhne Walon Ne "," Deewana Hai Yeh Mann "and" Mehndi. "The song" Mehndi "has a lot of color. In the song it shows ghod bharai and it has a very colorful film.
