A few years ago, a friend got from one of his friends video and Michael Mann film 'Heat' on it. After completing the film, and we were about to stand, we saw that there was another film just after, hard on the client's envelope which the owner did not write. However, we all had seats in our seats, which had no reputation. Some two hours later, I was sitting there wondering: how could I not feel about this masterpiece before? This film was Europa. Lars von Trier woke up a film from the dead, the truth built by the definite sets, but often there was haunting similar to the post-German image I had seen. And then cuts hard! <br /> <br /> The story itself is the hard odyssey of taking the values ​​that does not end the happiness. The German-born low German player comes to Germany after the war, with the intention of doing good to pay his bombs. But he meets loyalty and self-degradation. He employs with Zentropa, a sleep-and-sleeping-car company (described in Mitropa), whose owner is one of the Nazi deliveries. Our hero likes to his daughter - who later emerges as a member of the Jewish helpers after the war. When he does not know the world (or just Europeans) again, with his fury he raises the railway under the train that he saved. <br /> As the last description, with historical accuracy: in the real world, Werewolf was not as meaningful as the film shows, they were the last of the Nazi propaganda. After the SS unit killed the Aachen massacre of Allied, two months before the deportation, the Minister announced the creation of all sabotage forces and terrorists who would be ready to fight back lines, Werewolf. But just a few hundred of Hitler's many young people were trained, and two or three times some of them were used to kill the accused communists or the forced labor in the villages of Bavaria in order to create lasting fear for the locals, and the death of Hitler and the end of all wars it fell. However, the Werewolf propaganda had a huge impact on residents. They feared Wawwolf everywhere, judged that it was behind any serious accident - but without exception the other reason was found later (ignored by some scholars-history). For example, when a large gas exploded in the Brem Brem police bomb, or when the Soviet military commander died in a motorcycle accident in Berlin. The effect was more stable for Soviti, who were arrested tens of thousands (for the most part children!) 'Preemptively' on suspicion of being Werewolf, and their closure in prison camps where many of them died.
