The most popular and influential actor Martin Scorsese is examining the selection of his American films for groups according to three types of directors: director as a fool: D.W. Griffith or F. W. Murnau, who created a new method of editing among other changes that made the appearance of sounds and colors later move on; as a refugee director: film filters like Douglas Sirk, Samuel Fuller, and especially Vincente Minnelli, directors who had hidden the apostolic message in their films; and director like iconoclast: those filmmakers attack the civil investigation and social protests like Orson Welles, Erich von Stroheim, Charles Chaplin, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Kubrick, and Arthur Penn. He shows us how the old studio system in Hollywood was, even though it was wrong, the way the film directors found themselves in the middle because of how they were bound by political and financial limitations. During its parts from the movies he shows us, we are not just discovering films that we have never seen before attracting our interests but we are also created to see what he sees. He assesses his stylistic feelings as well as their own directors. The idea of ​​canon's film is known as snobbish, so some film fans and critics prefer only "list." However, the canon only refers to the "best" and the film's supporters say it is an important activity to identify the experience of the best films, such as the most advanced tape, if it is the first trend for film students. For all, a person's experience has shown that they all write on the film, including reviews, works on building cancer. Some of the canons of the film can be definitely an elite, but others can be "ordinary people." For example, the Top 250 Movie Movie Movie list includes many films included in several group's "films" but also has a recent blockbusters of Hollywood films that many "elitists" are mocking, such as Knight Dark, which now corresponds to the top ten among the first two Godfather films, a list of Schindler and One Flew on the Cuckoo nest, and the decline in the same production as low as Iron Man, Sin City, Die Hard, Terminator and Kill Bill : Vol. 2. The Scorsese taxi taxi player Paul Schrader has directly referred to his microphone as "professional" and insists that this is positive. Scorsese is not particularly suitable for voice on its social and political ideas, but when we look at this the subject of an intense and accepted history of the birth and growth of American movies in all ideological fields, we see that there is no particular skill in proportion or animation. Elitism takes into account all the attention, recognition and so power over those who seem to be better. This discrimination makes it possible to be more attractive in the work of self-esteem of Jean-Luc Godard or the effective spread of film production as Michael Haneke. However populism welcomes the belief of freedom of representative as being just a confirmation of the will of the people. As was previously emphasized on all the ideas that came from all people about movies, populism could be the end of the potential and effects of movies. One can only keep watching the film, because it is an important social and romantic practice. And so Martin Scorsese uses about four hours here to try to tell us, something that can't be told without first hand.
