When the British Film Institute asked Martin Scorcese to form part of America's century Cinema series, he got that position with both hands. A personal trip through American movies is amazing, wide and as the title says, looking personally at Hollywood movies. <br /> <br /> Scandal stories are mainly about Hollywood directors? executives, producers, journalists and other participants cannot mention. He says indeed from the beginning that for him the basic battle within the film industry is that between the vision of the director and the purpose of the distribution, between art and business wellness. He opens with video from Vincente Minnelli's Bad and Beautiful, one of the first movies to explore this controversial controversy. This describes the structure of the document. The falls are looking at how the dark and clichés have failed, how mavericks have complicated the production principle, and how some filmmakers have fallen out of grace when they wanted to be different. However, the falls have never been in the trap of the pressure to evict directors who are often favorable to the studios (giving credits to Cecil B. De Mille), or those who had a low-level recognition but were the main artists of the movies yet . <Br /> <br /> Pigs should not take care of all their favorite directors (Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, the most influential of the scandal, are mentioned only by passing). Instead, he looks at individuals and films that you serve to tell his story. For example, he shows us a series of Ford Ford movies to show how the west turned. He looks at the work of Vincente Minnelli (perhaps the most commonly known director of the document) to show how the kind of music as music would have less low. I can think that, if this work was not only for America, Mareji would also like to talk, for example its Italian influence or its British hero Michael Powell. As is the case, he exposes the American cinemas to include all Hollywood films of immigrant directors such as FW Murnau, Billy Wilder and Douglas Sirk, as well as the work of American American journalists that were released elsewhere? like that of Stanley Kubrick. <br /> <br /> Instead of just telling Hollywood stories to kronologically, the difference compares the film from different variations to deal with various subjects. In his part of the language and movies, he starts with DW Griffith, he looks to come in sounds, colors and red colors and of course approaches to go over the effects produced by the computer which, though falls is not enough on them, however - has been given enough that includes pictures of George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola protecting them. However, he not only finished the shape here as this is his end. Instead, then returns back to the 1940s, to show how the lowest fear of the budget as the People's Cat can achieve good results from simple and cost-effective things. Personal travel through American movies should be one of the best documented films. There was a large number of directors and pictures that I had never discovered without, and even the film's film season will be able to find something new in its broad base. Violence has also restored the balance to the forgotten or inappropriate images. I was delighted to see that, speaking about Kubrick in his image of "Iconoclasts", he views Lolita and Barry Lindon, for his two films thrown down. Central sheep honors are seen in a way that allows for active play, rather than just giving them small pieces, and prevents them from speaking heads (a combination of memory and new interviews) only when necessary. There is little bias towards 40 and 50 years, but that is not surprising because it is when the Star Islands grew up and discovered movies. And after all, I don't think this document would succeed if it was not a personal trip. One word of warning even, in detail looks at a particular image, this document contains fewer damages.
