In "Anne Greens Green" (1934), Marilla Cuthbert (Helen Westley) and Matthew Cuthbert (OP Heggie), middle-aged brothers who live together in Green Gables, Avonlea farm, Prince Edward Island, decide to adopt a boy from for orphaned children to help in their farm. But the orphan sent to them is a 14-year-old girl named Anne Shirley (Dawn Evelyn Paris - the former "Alice" series of Disney who later would accept her name). Anne had only 11 in the novel source of Lucy Maude Montgomery but the actor could not be trusted to go to the 11-year-old college time. The movie faces somewhat from this agreement, as a lot of Anne's impressions and a lot of what she says are more entertaining from the age of eleven that from a boy. As in this book, Anne is fierce and quick, delightful but not worthy of her name, building her, its barriers, and her long red hair. As a child of thought, however, Anne gets great excitement in life, and quickly changes to her new family and the environment of Prince Edward Island. In fact Anne is the original "King of Youth Drama" and a film writer chosen to focus on this aspect of his character. Which has changed Ghana's basic from a family of gentle to attract attention. Changed audience interest and which continues to destroy readers' readers. <br /> <br /> Since the comedy is so much in the spirit of Montgomery's story I can't see any reason to deal with the change, but then this would be a warning of justice for anyone who anticipated to deal completely with trust. The comedy feature is the power of the film as one of the first independent recommendations of Hollywood talks. Anne Shirley was one of Hollywood's all-time beauty and the film is black and white. Most of the amusement is to see the features of the headings that do not end up on their appearance and the color of the hair contradicting what appears on the screen. Anne often shares her uncomfortable rural partners with romantic lines as: "If you refuse it will be a pain of my life". Maybe the funniest time is when he corrects the spelling of his name on the class board. Tom Brown is doing a good job like the love of Anne Gilbert Blythe and Sara Haden stole all the images that look like a neighbor's Cuthbert glory. <br /> <br /> Then again, what do I know? I am just a child.
