The “Student” interesting feature shows that traditional work interviews and resume do not predict team skills, volunteer work, and performance. And they certainly do not reveal any hidden agenda. In other words, a good indicator of probability may be to see a job applicant in action which is a "student" step. People wishing to cooperate can offer on a sugar-based resume and wear their best clothes for interviews, but this is not the best indicator of strength, weakness, and performance. , "Student" involves 16 job candidates who compete for the last job opportunities: a position in the investment company Donald Trump of investment. "Student" refers to the winner who will win the salary position, learn the art of making decisions on the master from the master himself, and, perhaps, get the company's great relationship. The position is to come true to the dream for those who want to get more money than the GNP of other foreign countries. To convince candidates, Trump shows his private airplane, its private luxury rooms full of idols and drawings, its limos, its relationship with fans, and other things of the billionaire's life. The road to success is not easy. The group was divided into two teams fighting against each other. Everyone has the name of the company, as the Versacorps and Protégé Corporation. Teams are given jobs involving entrepreneurial partnerships such as advertising, selling products, or negotiating. Groups select project manager that provides leadership and organizational skills to complete the task. If they win, the manager receives a lot of credit, especially for the final winner. If they lose, the manager can also be a scape goat. Some of these tasks are very difficult for one or two days to complete. Tasks may involve creating a TV business, or publishing an advertisement. Others may involve selling in retail sales or on the road. <br /> <br /> Work provides better and worse for participants. They often show which one is more trustworthy, who is more trustworthy, and who works hard. And the work also shows who is not a good player of the team, who is an effective, and who looks just for themselves. Work shows in unexpected ways the strengths and weaknesses of participants and especially project manager. The manager communicates with the team, the task team, organizes the time, and sets specific targets, but does not predict the winner. One of the most common features of someone's ability is when he is given as project manager. Their realistic potential against their ability to spread immediately shows through the veneer that can not hide and tie $ 100 of silk or a good makeover. Leadership and / or weaknesses often become very evident after only a few minutes. Those who promote themselves as top leaders are not always strong when setting the realities of life. It's always easy to "blow your own horn" than to join the leadership. Project managers, even those in the winning teams, often do not form a partnership strategy. They often believe that by stopping at the end of the full completion of the task for the first minute instead of taking a little time to prepare and discuss how the work will be more appropriate. More often than not, members of the non-team team run around like the head of the chickens and make sure they are going on, and at the end they are losing more time. The winning team gets a taste of high life, such as eating dinner in a special restaurant, flying on a private flight, and / or meeting a celebrity. The loss team comes to the boarding board where Trump hears the negative members of the members and forbids one or more opponents as pieces from the current chess board and now "Expelled" board. Often, the project manager is held to some degree responsible for the loss of the team, and may be the aim of rhetoric charges of prosecution. Every week, at least one person becomes sick from a lost team. <br /> <br /> My feature that is not "Student" is a boarding room. While the work itself brings strength and weakness in candidates, the board room often provides out the worst. Unfortunately, the rules of the game emphasize that one team is winning and one team lose, even if the competition was close. The team members lose the blame, often with brutality, about who was guilty. And sometimes more than one person gets fire. I rarely see the lowest candidate to take responsibility for their actions in the board room. Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson were the only likely candidates who took full responsibility for the loss of his team and did not get any recognition for this act. For me, Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson were the most complete of all candidates. However, Trump saw Kristi weak and dismissed, claiming he was not standing himself, which could mean that he cares more than loyalty. No one should offer a perfect offering for this. Kristi Frank cannot be a student but she can live with herself knowing that she has no blame for others without justice. Isn't it worth "winning"? The "student" strength is also its weakness. Because team performance is evaluated effectively by winners and lost, other evaluation opportunities have been ignored. Preventing significant gaps between winning teams and losing, sometimes the loss team shows a high level of cooperation and efficiency. I have seen losing teams sometimes seem better than the winning team. We Americans are often faced with the winning and losing that we often see quality.
