This film is interesting, with a great heart on both sides of the place where the "baby club" strikes a mixing area with the art of New York's art, music and performance (with comeo and Miss Bunny odd). This is "Trilogy Song Song" for perky-post-teen girls. "The girl" in our time, affected by the millennium. <br /> <br /> Talk is quick and wonderful, and Costumer Posey's costumer deserves - if not a professional award, at least - "wave" of the domain of kudos. Of course, this film is resting on the stylish Miss Posey high heels, and she is fully beaten. As much of his work, it may not be too deep, it often reflects on himself and, well, posey ... but it all works. He is a talented comedienne, a wonderful singer, and this film gives birth, carries on his shoulders like a leopard sketch, and never leaves them down. <br /> <br /> Mary is a top fashionista fashion who is not above savoring designer clothes from a friend's closet or doing with someone else's partner. At the lower level, this is the story of a girl and her friends who do not care in every word of the word, including other people; and the process of learning that caring is important for life. The script is very good, the wizard, and the only performance that sadness is aunt, in a role that was a single and heavy sand; The worst performance from him, could strengthen the relationship between the two ... but ... hey ... this is a comedy. The amazing task of deep, giving this film some of the substance and vision of the world, is a young man selling gold. We should have good luck ... Is he Mary? or the one who leaves? I vote this as 8 because it is not the best time for the history of the film, not the classic, and not the best art (all that gets more and more rich on review). As "Searching deeply Susan" represents something very real about that time, but it can be meaningful and time. However, it has everything that is needed for a recreational film, and it is worth looking at several times for clothes alone!
