In this swimming pool, this pool, there are water lilies and there are frogs. Pests live on water lilies. Frog and lily water have a parasite relationship. Marie (Pauline Acquart) is a lily water, synchronized bathing groupie and crushing Floraine (Adele Haenel), bottle, captain of his team. Floraine team staff prevents their leader because the old and well-balanced blonde provides a good peripheral that gives us ideas to consider and assist with syncrhronized transport. But Floraine has a secret; bombshell has bombs, which "Naissance des pieuvres" opens to the audience, with eyes, before contact with Marie. Floraine has never gone, as they say, all the way, and the boy. <br /> <br /> At the party, we see a double picture of a sex sex bomb exploring its decisions in the bathroom mirror. "Lolita" is morgana. Marie gets to know twice Floraine when her imitation reduces the heart of lily of water. When college flows through infectious flies by appearance, it finds chummy and lily water when no one looks. In the amazing scene of the film, the lily of the water agrees to give a frog hand in losing its virginity through the action of the mouth irrigation. Floraine wants boys to please him, but he doesn't like boys, it seems, but it's more important for a frog which is popular. When wastewater kisses kissing, the frog remains frog. Frog can not change into lily water, or a princess, because the lily water will lose a frog of respect. After opening their mouths, Floraine tells Marie, "Look, it's easy," it's a frog way to balance their kiss with an orgasm that her friend gave her as anything other than a bundle of ritual attached. The beauty of Floraine is a burden. He carries the weight of the boy's expectations. Florence uses Marie to have one final fling before her morgana decompose and imitate her in the closet. Other water, frog, another Anne Anne (Louise Blachere) and Floraine's boyfriend Francois (Warren Jacobs), such as any lily of water and bottle, have a fungal relationship , too. When Floraine uses Marie for love, Francois uses Anne for sex. But that's life; That is a growing fraud, which even a friend will have a good friend if the opportunity to transfer a food chain appears itself. In McDonalds, lily water drives other water lily after a very bath in the afterglow frog. Physical beauty is a coin. Marie calls for because Anne, though far from being bad, is overweight and has an unflattering hairdo. Anne tries to fight back by using her breast as an excessive revenge (a magnifying glass from the Fun Food that shows views on the flat chest of Marie), but tadpole (Marie thinks she is better than Anne, better than dirty water) says that breast it is oil products. Teenage girls can be brutal with each other. Later, in the last shot, "Naissance des pieuvres" says Marie has twice, too, and the effectiveness of flowering water has the ability to divert parasites in the near future, if not. Teenage girls can be brutal with each other in a way that no boy can match.
