It seems like it should be Claude Monet's profile but it is really a very realistic story of the relationship between three young girls in the French swimming team. No parents or teachers are talking, no school, and boys are represented by a single peripheral figure, Francois hunky who enters the story to decide on a regular basis and always stops frustration. Pauline Aquart is the smallest of the three, just wanting to join a very agreeable team. He is kind of odd look. He has not yet gone out of his youth growth and for a long time, the feet of the brain, big legs, and no back to say. He is prognathous with these root-rooted lips. After a while his appearance grows on you and from a certain angle can come to an amazing appearance. Adele Haenel is older - more, well, more physically developed. What a fascinating attraction that swims in his swimming suit, locking around, laughing at boys, tempting his long hair. But he is not the one who is visible. Or is he? I couldn't really understand. French is long on the mix and short on the ratio. No wonder Francois always calls after him. <br /> There is no much controversy in the character of Louse Blachere. She is in the team but she is dumpy and clear, and sensitive about it, and has a sharp crush on Francois. Blachere is a good actor and adds to the ungainliness of character through its performance. The movie deals with the relationships between these three, meaning fraud, deception, emotional feelings, and all the rest of what we share with young girls who spend a lot of time with someone else. This is indeed a sad story. It becomes trickier during the gradual development of the relationship between Pauline and Adele. It is not that you should expect that this is a small film. The only nudity we see is much smaller than turning, and it's a little sex is less than the lids, sometimes real. I don't think I want to get into the field or in its analysis very largely because it attracts rather than being done through action, because it's hard, and because I don't know I see it all. <br /> <br /> I would like to give an example. Okay. Adele is another jealous girl. He is also very far from itself satisfied. On top of that he seems to be attacking every boy and person in front if they have any use to him, from a good but not mute to Francois for the bus driver wants a clearance from. He boasts without courage on his expertise in fallatio. While Pauline is approaching him to join the swimming team, Adele uses him as a watchman at work with boys. The great and happy woman, do you know? But then the slut non-concept takes Pauline's skin under the wing and shows it to Pauline that it is still a virgin. True? That's true. Pauline begins to approach Adele and Adele finally admits that she would like to withdraw herself and would like Pauline to do it for her. Pauline, who now has sexual intercourse with Adele, is doing the job in an exciting way. Now Adele would be quite able to do it with someone, preferably older and experienced. So he takes Pauline to the boite where he plays for the boy to the boy until he follows Paul in the powder room. Two girls stand there talking, and they had no sexual interest on the other. But Adele stands so close that Pauline slowly opens her own pulse, reaches up, and kisses Adele on her lips. Adele comes back, excited, and says, "Right now, that wasn't so bad, was it?", And then back to the club. It is a good description of anything going on between Pauline and Adele - but what does hell continue? Initially he will take Pauline as a useless child, later as a close friend, finally as a capable partner - and in the minute Pauline responds, Adele may be completed. Does he use Pauline as he looks like men? Does it meet Adele to know that she now has another person in an unintentional bondage? I don't know. <br /> <br /> I have reduced little Louise Blachere as a third-party trio, a clear and high wallflower which means always shows weakness but who is at least one gender and the first three women to withdraw the pride of pride, but I just painted because of space. <br /> <br /> Should you see? By all means. (Just compare it to a typical American movie on high school children.) For men, some of them who have never penetrated the female mystique, this may give you an idea of ​​what appears in the middle shot.
