Water Water is the first film released from France about female sexuality and friendship. Sciamma works with special equipment, which is a little hygienic that is like stopping - giving others as it attracts others. The film focuses on only three teenage girls in the new suburb of Paris. Their lives revolve around a large swimming pool where two out of three are part of the same ballet team. Such restrictions as parents, brothers, work and school have loved well from equality. The central listener is for those who are attracted but with skin (Marieine Pauline), who are not on the team, but think they would like to be. Marie worships Floriane (Adèle Haenel), the extremism and team of boys who follow. This takes Marie away from her old friend, also a member of the ballet team of water, Anne was very good (Louise Blachère). Being a little Anne is really accessible to boys. Floriane, like this film, promises more then he offers the truth. Marie has the most important attributes for a young girl: she is hurt inside. Flroiane does not use too much if you fly in the state and then bolt. Marie is frustrated with the beauty of the water ballet with Floriane. Floriane uses this advantage to make Marie his first slave and covering for his work, then, with any other friends, his secret. All the other girls think Floriane slut, the illusion that encourages men and boys he reduces, because it leads them. He suffers from the fate of a beautiful girl that is not a man but something, and he cannot resist the legitimacy of boys to seek him kissing and his bed, but he doesn't care about any of them and he knows the cooperation with them is a trap. She asked Marie to do as her pal so that her mother (invisible) did not know that she was going to meet boys, she also gets Marie to save her from the boys later. It seemed contradictory at first, but Floriane needs Marie as Marie thinks she needs. Anne is left with her discomfort with her body and the desire to find it natural and more realistic than other girls. <br /> <br /> Setting all external settings in the bay, Sciamma can show a change of trick in the delicate equation of three girls' goals and cooperation. On the other hand, the water of the water, which includes lots of spots and swimming pools under the water, makes you feel completely free of air and sometimes 95 minutes is not passed too fast. Luckily the film has a sense of humor and allows trio to sometimes forget their eternal goals and avoid and just make silly, malware means a crazy girl. It is a terrible time that gives life to the film; very bad in a way that no more of them. But Sciamma has the courage of her ears and what remains as a person going out of the playground is characterized by their dynamics. With the true way it is best to look at the swimming and looking for girls, who usually love to watch themselves. There is no great revelation or drama on the way, but the most interesting things when it seems that Marie does not just admire but really loves Floriane and is jealous of her boys - who Floriane always stops before going on the way. In the usual case of this plot, Floriane decides that she wants to have the first true sex with Marie - but Marie is the one who prevents it, because she knows it won't be important to Floriane that it will be with her. When it happens, it's a worrying, mechanical thing. At the same time Anne has a crush on Francois (Warren Jacquin), a male swim, but of course she is after Floriane. Boys are not a feature that has been offered and there always seems to be several dozen already on the poolside or on the dance floor, but they are just bodies and surfaces, the existing stars.
