The importance of the French title of this film, "La Naissance des Pieuvres" which actually means "Reproduction of Octopuses", is an unfortunate thing, so perhaps it is not surprising that it has been sold in English-speaking countries as "Water Water". The "flower" of the English head is three-year-old girls, Marie, Anne and Floriane, who are members of the swimming team that are in the Paris village, and the film is a "drama of coming" on the development of their first impressions. sex. One aspect of the film, perhaps odd to this kind of film, is that it only focuses on the relationship between young people. We have nothing of their parents or teachers, and very little in the adult world. The three girls are very different in appearance, and are shown as a very different character. Shy, retirement Marie is small and small and seems to be smaller than three. Anne is something of Jane's obvious, Floriane's blonde who is very popular with boys. The three, with a beautiful swimming pool named Francois, are involved in what can be described as quadrilateral love. Anne has fallen in love with Francois, but is beaten by Floriane, who seems to return to her love, though she is not just her husband. In fact, not all of the admirers of Floriane are male, because Marie has crush her interesting friend. The film shows the way in which their friendship continues; The first time it appears that Floriane uses only Marie as a simple excuse when she is actually going out to meet boys; her parents probably reject her boyfriends, but they do not intend to go out with girlfriends. Later, however, we realize that, despite the image of Floriane as a beautiful girl, who is a male care center, she expresses the feelings of Marie. The film takes different stages of sexual intercourse. Anne, with her short hair and chunky figure, looks like a "bed", but she is the only three characters who do not have the same sex, while ordinary female and floriane women are sexually active, or at least sexually. The old-age movies are enough, although many of them tend to avoid the topic of lesbianism of young people. "Water Water", however, deals with the issue in a sensitive manner, with three good performances from its three leading actors, Pauline Acquart, Adele Haenel and Louise Blachere. The relationship between the characters, especially between Marie and Floriane, is complicated, and has the ability to reflect several. (Is Floriane, for example, uses only Marie for sex, or has a romantic feeling for her? Is Floriane's behavior with Francois and other boys a device to hide her feelings of lesbians from outside the world? from her own) This was the first film made by her young director Celine Sciamma (only 27 at that time); on this basis he should appear to be a very promising alien. 7/10
