The original name means "Birth of the Stars". I must admit that I don't fully understand this name. The English name is "Water Water". But after this writing, I read another user's comments: "The French name also suggests:" prieuve ", or octopus, indicates a person who has to have many problems at the same time." Thanks for your details. The basic theme is the first sex feelings of girls, when it is unknown if they are directed to the same sex or another. It's not different for boys. I think Floriane and Marie will finally have sexual feelings without any mix. <br /> <br /> Most movies are a ballet of water. Sometimes girls will have their heads down, and there is nothing on the water except their feet and lowering feet, which they wave and kick in the air. For people like me who have never seen those things before, it was amazing. - Floriane is the leader of one team of "water lilies". Marie tells her that she would like to see when Floriane teaches. This seems to be their first contact that is not only common. Soon they will walk together. Floriane takes Marie to the garage where the boy is waiting for her, and then she goes with him for a while, while Marie is waiting for him to come back. I assumed that the couple slept together. But later we will learn from the film that makes under it. I can give you some information that a few users will find elsewhere. There is a place where Marie stole Floriane's secret secret. In it finds apple, especially eaten. And Marie keeps eating others. ?? There is a parallel area in another film, "Kazetachi no gogo" (Breezes of the Day) and Hitoshi Yazaki (Japan, 1980). This is about female female females, and a clear lesbian woman is a love of deception and a female woman. It also robs the bag of loved ones' garbage, and also gets more or less apt to eat and eat others. Later Floriane tells Marie that she would like to have her first orgasm from her. Marie says she can't do that. But later Marie says that it is really ready to do so. And he masturbates on Floriane. There is no shortage in this area. <br /> <br /> Is it possible only a female director could make a good psychological show or learn? I would like to quote Baudelaire, "Les amours kidsines". Floriane is played by Adèle Haenel, who made the best performance as an autistic girl in "Little Devils" and Christophe Ruggia (2002)? ? The movie hit very low.
