I watched SHORE to stop another day. I've seen it many times, and I've never been tired. Surprisingly enough, every time I look at it, it takes me back to the first time I saw it. Including this time. It must be a mystery and "What is going on here?" about it. Not surprisingly enough, one part of the story that always felt to be of concern and concern to me, this time, really had a big impact on me - Ruth. I think a lot of symbols of Gerald Fried. A real masterpiece, that! The romantic part was re-used - in large quantities - on this DAY of Paradise. But of course, it started here. I get the feeling that, from all the Kirk girls knew over the years, can be "sweet". When he said, "Do you have to go?", With music, I could feel the pain that he must have heard when he could not put him. The person who talked online that Ruth appeared older than she was, but she didn't have to be 15 years old. That makes me think ... MAYBE was one of the teachers at this college. Kirk had an affair with an old woman! (He may have thought "MIRI" told Janice, "I have not been involved with older women." Maybe he meant, "... again." <br /> <br /> Read the ST ST day, I see where the person compared it to THE WORLDWIDE UNIT AND I, MUDD But it seems SHORE LEAVE oughta to be there, too.I have "people" if they are not androids And it can be "Assistant" to be connected to "Older" from the original section? RARE in ST where you have a race that is "best" as opposed to just thinking. <br /> <br> Yeoman Barrows seems to be the filling of the Yeoman Rand. which appears once and then has not shown again! One thing that has lost several last that I look at that comes back here is, Spock smiling. It was! I saw it. When he said, “Rejoice a personal, master. ”close to the beginning, you can see not only to tell his chief officer, but to talk to his friend. And finally, when he doesn't say he says, "Certainly it doesn't matter!", I can't help but think he does it to actually make him answer. He can't be exciting or laughing, but I think he likes to see his colleagues who are close to him.
