This loses; Most Trek fans do not have this high standard as usual events because they do not have a deep sense or low voice of those who are the best, but this has been well-chosen, why it has succeeded as clean entertainment, always makes my personal list of The top half events, regardless of my status. Several future films ("Westworld") and television shows (over island "Fantasy Fantasy") have taken their cue from the premise of this section (then, of course, the show of TNG strengthened the concept and holodeck technology). It has been done beautifully (especially in the version of the retrieval and DVD) and is targeted, taking place in a favorable environment on which the Company has arrived. It is amazing that no animal life, even insects, seems to be here (how the flowers are stripped, for example), but things turn out completely when members of the landing group start to see people from the past (Kirk has old people, it turns), as well as other legendary stories of fantasy. Sulu even finds an old police striker (adding his own collection of swords, of course) <br /> <br /> For this step in the Trek series (the first half of the first season), the main characters had a lot more enhanced for old friends we would like to know about many years of continuous. Here, we can see them happy, talking and working together to see this story of the story: powerful notes are hidden again, of kind, and listeners include trips like Kirk & friends want to erase the most amazing series of events that has a amusing taste to them. It is very close, following the unprecedented fashion set up on the stars as Kirk finally worked out to scream after showing obvious signs of fatigue and fatigue (the project had been proposed, completed a difficult event). Then Dr. McCoy is killed by a knight on a horse; Yes, this is the last part of Dr. McCoy ... just giving birth. But, it's not a joke to another party to stay at this time in the story. McCoy has died for all purposes and purposes, as well as the best events of Trek, half of this adventure is growing with more fear, despair of action and suspension. This is all demonstrated by Kirk's response to Sulu, who says his lack of awareness about any events after the death of McCoy - Kirk will get under all of this, what goes. But, it is not easy for Kirk: what follows is probably the longest dental-a-dentist to fight as a series as Kirk stimulates and its nemesis from its professional days, a fight that appears to be on top of the planet half. However, this is comparable to the incredible sympathy events, and another of the former Kirk friends. This period uses the gamut of all human experience, rather than appropriate to what we learn about the real purpose of this wonderful planet. It enjoys that the script actually describes all of what happened, as opposed to other unreasonable alternatives that are faced with another series of fantasy & sci-fi and the same line of conspiracy (uninterrupted presentations with people who are not available). And there is really a story of the story - that we humans need to 'work' away from our discomfort and tiredness in some way, or we do not work normally. Also, see the appearance of Yeoman Barrows very good and a sudden lack of Yeoman Rand, who did not return until the first movie of Trek in '79. I believe that after this period, more than Trek fans could not wait for the second appearance of all the loved ones. But I leave this part with the last thought, maybe meditation: if McCoy was killed (confirmed by Spock), how do we know that our real McCoy was backed up to the ship? Maybe this explains why this McCoy was still looking at starships around the centuries and getting better with Data.
