The Mjanja man begins as a skilled scientist but a divorced scientist Dr. Sebastian Caine (Kevin Bacon) finally does how to make things look again after turning invisible to his own serum. They try the serum on the invisible gorilla and it works well, Caine and its assistant team to celebrate but when they have to give a successful report to his military assistants Caine wants to be the first invisible person. He can persuade his team to help him & the system works well & Caine becomes invisible, however when they try to bring him back the serum fails and remains invisible. The team is looking for medicine but no work, Caine slowly begins to lose true testimony if she knows what power she has but she cannot use it in the laboratory. But again he doesn't seem right, he can do whatever he wants ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Paul Verhoeven I loved to love Hollow Man. You know it's after Christmas, I have seen these few hours last night / TV's early TV TV and the worst I feel sick, not because of the film but because of the chocolates & pop fizzy I've been on the past week so I'll put this short time . Andrew W. Marlowe's script has a good speed on but it takes a bit of middle time and has a good central cluster, it takes a basic idea that being invisible will make it just as fiction as in Invisible Man's (1933) film that the Hollow Man appears clearly little. It deserves a limited mix of fear, sci-fi & action & giving a good value of entertainment for 110 minutes unusual. I thought this attitude was the same, I thought some of the ideas in the film were good though I think it is generally known that Verhoeven should not deal, the first thing Caine is invisible to the sex of one of his team & then when he enters the outside world has Caine raping a woman and right 'who will know' that Caine says herself. Then surely there is a gore, shows the cut mouse and that's just the opening area after the credit, that right to him violence is a little more time around this but still has a very bad and sad voice about it. After saying that I love horrible films / gore / exploitation, so the Foolish Man provides for me, that it might not be a cup of everyone's tea. Director Verhoeven does a good job, or must be the harm of boys makes it look good. Special effects in the Hollow Person are really interesting & more-or-less free, brilliant and simple and straightforward as similar. There are some good fears and actions to put the pieces here as well as if the weather is slightly above-above. I love the effect where Kevin Bacon loses one layer at full time with nerves, joints and bones on the perfect show or when it is done with gorilla. There are a few used as well as a mouse used, a person tied to a pump and someone has a clear head and a result of blood spreading. With a huge budget of $ 95,000,000 Hollow Man is an innocent technology, I can think of an interview on a DVD where some of the effects of boffin say they found the whole body of bacon out to the end of the vein which actually did because you know everyone can see it as one of the nerves does not exist or in the wrong position ''? Acting was the same, Bacon made for a beautiful scientific woman to fight the hero. The stupid person is one of the largest budget of Hollwood extravaganzas where the effects and actions take a basic step on any meaningful story or character but be honest sometimes we all like to be in the film, I know I do. The beautiful good entertainment budget with a little and darker than the typical Hollywood products, definitely worth looking.
