It seems that most IMDB comments on this film are proposed, because they are trying to compare with the old version. True, "EXTREMELY" is a remake of "MANUOMEZI MAN", but that's where the end is the same. "GOD GOD" is a movie of entertainment, period. If you are watching a film with a view to getting as many mistakes as possible, then you should not watch the film at first. True, some movies seem to be unhealthy and incompatible, but the "TRUE MAN" can remind you and make you think what you would do if you were not visible and if you had your ex getting put by one friend. Kevin Bacon's material as a political scientist who, together with a team of partners, finds a way to make the animal see. Now his goal is to make them clear again. When this team of new scientists (working, if you think, for the Pentagon) think they have a formula to make animals appear again, Kevin bacon will be the first to try a new experiment. After that, of course, things are getting worse, as Kevin Bacon is still invisible for all the film and he is obliged to wear a rubber mask, so his partners know where. The feeling of paranoia and despair begins to take on the character of Kevin, and when he finds that his old girl and participant (Elisabeth Shue) has a horrible thing and one of the young scientists in the team, eventually comes. The film turns into a "ALIEN" diversion and a flick of slasher, but that doesn't say it's bad. There are scenarios and horror with the movie goes at good speed. Specific effects are high (high quality spreads in all of Paul Verhoeven films) when we come to see some of the "body recycling process" you have never seen on the film before. If there is anything to complain about, maybe, it's predicting the situation here; for the first hour of the movie you know Kevin bacon will make jumping from being ignorant and trustworthy at the end of the end. And the latter is a little sudden, but in spite of this, the Holy Man still has the value of watching. If you want to know what is the worst movie, then you lose your money to "DOT D fear" (With Stephen Dorf) or even worse UNTOLD (or "Sasquatsh", and Land Henriksen). Now that's "holes"! 8 * out of 10 *!
