In 2006, AMPAS gave one of the creative documents showing the wildlife in the coolest area of ​​the world, the film was March of Penguins told by the Academy Awards Morgan Freeman. Walt Disney Studios has had a monopoly on an animated cycle for decades now. They have taken their pain in making a live film show and failed and missing every board. Disney then created a small division called Disneynature and released its first film of the world called World. This is one of the most touching and informative documents I have seen at some time. Spoken by James Earl Jones, the world does not offer anything new to anyone who has watched the Channel of Diagnosis in a five-year period or follows the global warming crisis. The world is very concerned about the issue and takes a very independent way about it. It enables a emotional and natural relationship that I have never experienced before. It also shows not only the beauty and areas of our beautiful planet, but exciting and violent elements that often involve. It is one thing to look at "Mufasa" falling from the rock to the river or mother of Bambi beaten by hunters in the middle of the trees. It's all good because the end of the film we know is, just that, the film. This shows penguins, polar bears, elephants, all kinds of families, from all kinds of life, living and dying in their natural environment. These facts make the true experience of the film. Though the weight is heavy on the nature of the film (which most people will not agree), the world is an experience that affects them. There is an amazing cinema working here with a great camera camera and amazing score by George Fenton. In comparison with March of Penguins or Grizzly Man, it does not really hold any action but it stands great alone. At the end of the day, you grow up with the knowledge of our planet and sadness as most of us probably never visit these places to witness in the film. We live here still if we can never explore the planet for one reason or another. The world is beautiful. <br /> <br /> *** / ****
