This is a film film film film. For porn, I don't mean sex. I mean free pictures (for example) thousands of birds together, or hundreds of walruses, or a large waterfall or ice. Some of the shots in the film seem to be there to make their way into the trailer, find people in the movies to see it for all of the ten seconds before they disappear completely without the full time of the film. <Br /> <br /> There is almost no plot in this film. He explained the expectation of three family stories of animals, "better than March of Penguins", the movie is not only suitable. The blame relies on three major areas: (1) authors who gave James Earl Jones some of the rough narrative narratives in the history of the film, (2) and the music team that has been exaggerated everything to tell you what you should feel, even the film fails to motivate, and last but most importantly (3) editors with stories flying from one place to without a song or reason, there is no progress, no flow, absorbing life outside the entire film - film about life. When we got to the semi-half of the film's way, I sank back into my seat with fear and hope against the hope that the film was more than half of the way, and that I would be able to live long-term test with the animal in the screens . <br /> <br /> There was also almost no science in the film at all. They attributed the fire to the cold (all, not just seasons) just to show the Earth, ignoring the fact that we expect to be the most extreme extremes from the area to the location if there was no tilt because the poles never warmed. And it would be worse if we didn't have a circle (related to the revolution) as Mercury, because half of the planet would come up and the other half would freeze. Then in the end they used the words "human beings and animals", as human beings are not animals, somehow they have been released by natural laws. Too much for science. I need to get a credit camera work, however, and again that's why I call this original porn. Everything from super-motion slow to what appears to be soft-tuned mechanically controlled time-pass photography, was set to use some to give (and I was cautious, just "some") when stunning that make the bar increase compared to the film other natural. That said, I don't believe it was all nature on the screen. Some shots show a large hole in Africa, if it has changed from season to season it has been seen as CGI to me. The director can expect that desire and built in other shots to show that it is normal, but they did not. <br /> <br /> For the film on Earth, I expected many more countries to show. What we saw was immediately. We had to take the word of the journalist that some sort of risk for climate change. They did not show his testimony. They did not show us the pools of Alberta that are visible from the space. They did not show us the biggest rubbish of the Pacific. They showed no picture of the night of human light pollution around the world. These are many countries like anything else. Why cover it with dirty feeling? My last criticism of content is early. Whenever the animal was actually scored in the hunt for hunting, the music turned out to the door of the Child's Door from the Lord of the Rings, and the pastor was shown as a certain type of Sauron's last bad character. But insects are not evil. They make the necessary services, ensuring that the best members of the type of prey live. We are the animals themselves. Whenever the pastor finds the prey, we immediately refuse something else, we will pretend to be death and eat it happens. The last insult was the father of the "father" left to die after the quake tried to eat. "Bad bad! Bad!", You can almost hear they say. <br /> <br /> Show on the topic itself. My presentations can be part of complain for this, but maybe not. I expected to see something with more clarity than I could see on my HDTV home at home. But the picture was white, and it was presented in a ratio of 16: 9 I could get home, rather than the proportion of multiple films that come these days. And during a single area full of stages near the end, the film (I can't think this is happening in numbers, due to how it looked) has been destroyed, and we lost several colors, finally leaving it completely. That repeated three times. <br /> <br /> If they really plant a tree on my behalf, it will be worth it. But how will I know?
