The spoiler warning is for those people who want to make their own animals and what goes beyond their eyes, although I have not explained them in detail. <br /> <br /> "The world" is average. The 90-minute version of the "Planet Earth" which I watched all on BBC TV. The TV version was told by David Attenborough, an interesting advocate, whom I wished to do "Earth" but it's Patrick Stewart, Star Trek's Trend's Trek. There are regular world shots from space to be correct. In any case he has a beautiful and quiet voice. There are 12 chapters that we follow the life of animals on Earth from Northern Horn to Antarctica. 3 family animals, polar, elephants and whales, appear more than one of these parts. Each "frame" begins with the symptoms how far from the northern or horizontal corners are. We see something of all kinds of animals, but only animals and birds, and other fish, and some of the beautiful leaves of plants, mountains, water, water and jungle, a close exhibition of various kinds of life and landscape and landscape. You are feeling that our planet remains only with animals: people or villages or cities are not on the film, so it is a natural natural document, but it shot out according to the music you enjoy. When the film was opened I knew it would have been too much for me. It is a family film, so there is no brutal killing of any animal. At one time he is hit by his shooting hunters and in some cases where we see the prey being beaten by a slow motion that makes it less violent and excluded from young children (age 6 in the Netherlands). There is no blood spilling. Other events (new animals born) are very real and will be of interest to children. It looks like a normal casual film but when you know many days of bullets (4000) and how much money it costs is a piece of beauty. It had a Dutch season yesterday, a month before the actual release, in a 500-minute movie, of which 15 were taken. True beauty is rarely attracted to movie goers, it seems. I knew the series of television was so strange that my favorite events could make it on this film. Others were not, but very interesting shots (large responses) did, by chance. It was the first time I cried for the original film.
