I don't feel anything but the great things about the 2006 television series, "Planet Earth," explained by my childhood image David Attenborough. However, although it has been studied in Australia or not, I have never found it, and when I had the opportunity to see 'World (2007)' ?? The feature-length of the concentration of the same natural footage? on the big screen, I gave it a chance. Theater was basically empty; Only one Lord was sitting in front of me, and it was like I was not just a great screens to me, but, in fact, the whole world in the world. For 90 minutes, I was reduced to the beauty and risk of a special desert, amongst the most beautiful creatures supported in the film. Surprisingly for its scope, and yet for the momentous pain of the moment, 'The world' is a prayer of spirit from film artists to realize the best balance of life on our planet, and how human intrusion has placed many kinds of animal and plant glory. on the edge of extinction. Though the film, led by Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield, describes the desert conservation, refuses to hit us with the head and propaganda, and the puzzle which is politically neglected; In fact, there is no human being before. Instead, we are only taken on a journey to rest in the glory of the natural world, so that we may have courage, and also weaknesses, of life on earth. I hear that the mini-original series, which had eleven events, describes much more in the scientific history of the world environment, but I think that, here, the film monitors made a wise decision to replace information and emotional effects: I can 'remember the last time I felt strong, and I was still disappointed at one time. By introducing the emotional link between the audience and a few animals of choice, they involve them in large quantities, we can understand the "human side" of all kinds, and their hopelessness for survival becomes less statistical and more unacceptable. The 'world' basically includes a selection of major events, whether it is a feminine female strife to lead its young children to the Arctic ice, or a cows of elephant calf towards the flood waters the Okavango Delta flood season. The document shows the stylish balance between life and death, with a great heart shown in the desperate ballet interaction of animals. Although occasionally, perhaps serving the young audience, the details of the short-term reduction, I have often destroyed the destruction of death in nature, and the sudden nature that causes the ultimate lack of confidence in animals. There is even the beauty of the beauty found in hunting, both in the slow motion of the lower foot of its prey [the result of one shocking shock], or the shade of the White Shark air as it makes the sea of ​​the evil sea. It is this weak balance that has been greatly damaged by the selfishness of our species. In addition to these great stories, we are also considered to be a wildlife wildlife from around the world, including a paradise of Papua New Guinea paradigm, and autumn demoiselle cranes. Of course, all the films can be dedicated to these types alone, and the inevitable result of split through multiple images is that some of the interesting scenarios have been dropped too far. By choosing to focus more closely with polar bear, elephant and humpback whales ?? track their lives, through some amazing on-time voting pictures, in the calender year ?? The film artists were able to avoid any structural problems that might arise from having a lot of display, and just 90 minutes to show. Therefore, 'World' has left me thirst for more, and, fortunately, now I have more than eleven more times, just I can track a copy of the DVD-set box for the "Planet Earth." Strengthening and forbidding tears, exciting and exciting, 'Earth' is a great experience of text, and can be my favorite movie of 2007.
