City Hall takes the politics of the city instead of the country, government or any kind of big political table. It certainly shines in New York City that is a great political field, especially today, but still goes on a small scale and puts microscope on a few key players in the city's big scandal with the right hand of the mayor. Director Harold Becker is a very experienced director and exciting things after making Mercury Planting, Malisi, and Internal Disruption and I think in many ways he incorporates many forms of thriller which is close to the fault. I mean City City means that a political ceremony, not an exciting thing but rather all is said to be done and once you come to the meat and potato film it feels and looks as exciting but very respectful to the most important part of the catalyst. makes once stand ... what else ... or rather who else ... Al Pacino. The movie begins by giving you a good beauty of life in the mayor's office and local work. As the film continues to increase its political base including a democratic boss, and its relationship with then we are introduced to some of the actions within the city. As events reveal the mystery begins with a political element is a type left behind but still has a brilliant start. <br /> <br /> I totally hate talking about Al Pacino. I mean even if one time did not give good performance how can I ever say? The person makes an appointment. There is only something brilliant about all of its character. In City Hall Pacino has Mayor of New York City. He has a sense of responsibility and respect and immediately seems to be a very good politician. He also gives one of the most powerful and clear dialogues that I have ever seen in 'Bone Bone'. I looked again at the lecture four times and the first time I looked at Pacino to give, my mouth was open and I almost wanted to stand up and shout. It is written clearly and generously given by Pacino. John Cusack, who is very excited as an actor, returns to an inefficient performance and declines as deputy mayor Kevin Calhoun. She is a kind of film view and she and Pacino have a good chemistry together when they are on the screen but there is only something in this performance ... it looks like she is trying too much. His priority is only amazing, and though he should have cut and frightening it does not appear to wipe. Maybe he had a film off. Bridget Fonda, out of his high level skills is doing a good job as a lawyer for police in Marybeth Cogan. His performance is similar to Cusack for that he doesn't seem to just find his groove and this character. Danny Aiello is a strong though his character is less than exploring as a democratic boss and relations with the Frank Anselmo mafia. Martin Landau emerges as a prestigious judge as judge under Walter Stern investigations. The City's problem is seen in my opinion of the actors and actors. Everyone is ... right. There are many back-up stories that try to bring out without actually showing the truth and unfortunately leaving them a bit confused about the whole plot. And in fact you have Al Pacino in a small space to help but he is quite brilliant and out and overshadows every other actor in the film. Almost feels like they are scared by him with a screen. So the City Hall could be a political political / thriller drama but it was seen to be cut and burnt on the average of one mill but it still looked for Pacino and spin differently on the domestic work of politics. If you do not see this film more than just find Pacino's speech at James Bone's funeral because the voting question will not seem to give them justice but you can see what makes Al Pacino so wonderful because in the modern film it draws out this speech and makes you feel it. If you are a fan of John Cusack who I am ... he definitely has done well but he's the main character and all in all he gets his rights. Good music but unfortunately lose capacity. 7.5 / 10
