The film involves a classic theme. In fact it involves the theme used by Batman, from beginning to end, but with actual data and details. The mayor of New York, thanked and very hard and strong, to get the project faster than usual, the yield of some private business contractors about a drug dealer who would have to be sent and imprisoned and urges the judge on his part to free him up experimental despite the bad experimental report that disappears but is not damaged, just because of the political value it represents. And what's going to happen with a few people, including a black school school being killed in a shoot between police investigators and criminals. The city can explode because of it: the racial tension because of the boy's black school and social tension because of the security that the criminals cannot move around and continue their criminal activities represent the public. Of course the film does not show that the tension is very well and follows the investigation of the first deputy mayor who wants to know the truth and sees it. But along the way a few witnesses are killed, and those who worked in the whole business are forced to retire (judge), finish their work and life (contractor or contractor to the middle), a public officer who was willing to provide enough experimental information, and a certain characteristic shadow after providing important information. The mayor himself retires and takes a long holiday; But the main interest of the film is in exploring the mayor's perception to hide the problem and the misconceptions he remembers after making the past that has caused an error about this trial trial. Political philosophy that nothing is white or black black and that everything is gray that is not good for decision makers is required as an excuse for bad but beneficial decisions. We are not talking about the important compromise to get certain agreements in certain fields that are important to the public interest. We say about taking into account whether it is not necessary to take a bad decision about a minor or a minor who is considered less than a infrastructure project or an economic project in the city. That's not unusual for New York. That's true in any mayor office. It is more important in the quantity and quality in the large metropolitan area as New York and of course in the city or country where police departments are municipalities and are driven by political criteria. Deputy deputy mayor is pushing the former mayor out of the way, and undermines his desire to be the head of New York to become president of the United States. The mayor is perfect because of the order Al Pacino gives us since he can give ten minutes of discussion with one expression on the face that makes the whole conversation impossible. I get a little mushy last with the former deputy mayor campaign for his own name. That seems to mean that he was tied to justice because he saw his chance to push the mayor out of his own way. So he is no better than all others, yet he is still young in his desire. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University of Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
