I read bad comments before watching this film and undeterred, continued to start watching. I agree that I had to make it back a few times if the film was too hard, full and complete. That's a good thing but also, unexpectedly in this drive of expulsion, explosions, free sex and bigger violence that change to the development of plot and behavior. In fact, it is leaving to welcome, however, I am so not paying too much attention to what I'm looking at. This video is full of promotional character and plot line; The kind we tried to analyze when I was in secondary school. It requires real mental involvement on the part of the viewer. What a good change. I would like to compare with 'All Men's President' for the question of common sense. That is the secret about the evil evil on the part of the elected leaders and those who have enough influence on leaders to 'basically'. Unlike all 'Citizens of the President', this film makes efforts to give it to a few real characters. For this movie is the study of behavior as 'The Negotiatior' by Samuel Jackson and Kevin Spacey. In the same movie, their characters are city workers and the plot is very intense. However, the plot depends on the ability of their partners to collaborate, believe each other, and eventually integrate together against the damaged police department. There are more firearms in this film and a special plot is different but in general, there are many things. I will tell you that the City Council needs a larger collection. In fact, I was beaten as much as the old and current political scandals I have seen in my life back to Watergate. The thing is, the people know there is something wrong, indeed! but follow the details is hard to do. This movie is not supposed to be complicated as real life but in fact it is true for life in its complexity. I think that's one of the reasons that the original posters have criticized the film: a false expectation. If someone is looking at this knowing what they are seeing and it's up to experience, it's very good! I looked at it 3 times in rows! Acting is good and leading is free. The weakest link is the emphasis on John Cusak.
