Wow ... 5 times more than Riget. Lars keeps a great mix of magic, dark dirt and opera's soap. Taking exactly where the last part of the previous series has ceased (complete with a high rate and insisting, though it does not work, for better or worse), this installation in the franchise looks much less quickly ... in the last series, it appears adopt a day or week between each section, where in this, it is clear one of the long stretch ... where one part approaches, the next begins. Many can say about Lars von Trier ... but he is very different and very good. All these attributes show in this. The program continues its expertise, now giving it a few regular players who were small players in four previous sessions. Basically every character from the first return, at least away from the main responsibilities go. Stimulating is not as strong as the first part, and I found myself under this. That is not any kind of way to say that this did not involve me, though ... I still found myself looking constantly, and for several points I take a lot of attention, often loudly, why it went (very unusual behavior for me, as I am very strange man, as I was at the first time. As the first, this also brings a number of ethical questions. Building on a foundation from the first, this brings more stories ... and being good, the scope is greater. Grander. More spirits, more incredible events, a little more. The first powerful tools are also back, and the laughter is gone. The characters are further developed. Acting is amazing, like the first one. Udo Kier strengthens its many talents, for anyone who holds them. Playing a very bad habit (anyone who has seen the first series may be aware of what I mean) * and * he does in a language that he did not say (later called) ... and still gives it a powerful force. The movie continues to be good, and it still has a very hand, and zooms quickly and take a long time. Editing is sharp, and cuts directly to the sound (though these were more popular than the first). Now, with all that said, I would like to have a 10 perfect level ... or at least just below, like the first four events. I was very happy to watch, and I did not obey at least. But this has shortcomings ... those who the first part had more. As the first, humor takes a lot of space ... and this time around, it's even worse. There are several common names that do not exist for other reasons than to provide comic support ... three of them, not less. Exhibitions are set and implemented for any other reason than to make the audience laugh. Good for the comedy, but what makes it in the dark and unworthy, yes, nothing sad at times, a terrible piece? The secret secret of Helmer's hiding has been changed from the roof of the hospital ... which he could see his beloved Sweden ... for the bathroom. And the angle from inside the bowl. No, you read that it's okay. In general, humor appears more than the front face ... more sex and joke joke, which, again, asks the question "Why?". When much text is better, some of it is very bad. Several events are copied primarily from the first mini series (one would think from their popularity when it happens). Sometimes, this game looks like more bombastic than the first, and it withers many times. Fortunately rarely, but it is still clear, the points of objects and objects are described very easily (some character that exists in Denmark for no apparent reason, for example ... anyone who sees who knows who I am talking about). Dishwashes of dishwashers, while it is still mysterious and prudent, of that very gimmick ... also emerged, at the end, I think. Many exhibitions with them still enjoy, though. Besides, I want to assure any reader of this that despite all the bad things I have written so that it is still good ... definitely enjoyable, compelling, powerful ... and in my opinion of humility, we must definitely be seen by anyone who loved first (although in the group; don't wait to feel that the story has been completed after this look more than you did after the first). I recommend this to any fan of Lars von Trier and anyone who enjoyed the first Riget and wants more where it came out. I urge anyone who thinks to look at this to make sure you have seen all the first before doing ... I bought this before I bought it first, but I had been looking until I bought it first and I watched that, and I can't tell you how happy I did. Although this has a brief summary of the first events, there are many details and things that you would lose if you did not see them before watching this. The youngest player, but certainly still the person who checks if you liked first. 8/10
