"Cinema is a very misleading art. It doesn't give you what you desire, it tells you how you want." So begins the "Pervert Manual of Cinema," where Slovenian philosophy and psychoanalyst Slavoj Zizek uses Freudian / Lacanian brain-scalpel for world cinema. This film in three parts is the second document of the title led by Sophie Fiennes (yes, Ralph's sister and Joseph), and is a well-known achievement, scoring at 2 1/2 of the discussion from one person and still humorous and engaging. In essence, it is an extended film, and one of the best you can get. Over the film period, Zikhali guides us through the list of loss and disappointment in the history of the film. He touches more than 40 films and, in particular, spends more time with Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, Tarkovsky, Marx Brothers, and Eisenstein. But it also looks closely "Persona," "Conversation," "Three Colors: Blue," "Dogville," "Fighting Club," and "The Exorcist." Carefully, Zombi's observations on the film's bonds from thought to the death car to the "ambitions," and from Gnosticism go to "pieces." The "Pervert Guide" will have a better experience if you have taken a few minutes to hit the bone on your Freudian password. However, even if you do not exceed the psychological theory, Zombi's strong and hierarchy carries the front of the film and the same gusto that you cannot cope with a specific language. The film is repeatedly reduced from film videos to the images of Zizek * in the * films he is talking about - that is, in the original places and setting. The change in this monitoring promotes tension and humor that the trick is not available. And Zikhali himself makes us laugh, either with a good joke or with his enthusiasm, for example, the definition of Oedipal's "Airplane." With this go-ahead and laugh, in parts of Fiennes and Zizek, it is important for the gonzo's characteristic of the film. It is a teaspoon of sugar that helps us to give us the magic of Z marvelous. After all, do we all mean that, at a certain time, psychologists are just linking our feet?
