Remember, any film (except the documentation) which emphasizes any kind of truth, will generate the wrong and proportional amounts, of those who have any views of or seeking truth are already meant, those who are already Masters of psychology, film, and soul officers, of course without getting this excessive film, since, you already know everything that is needed. Congrats. For those who are as few as myself, I have seen a "Cinmea Exposure" .... especially a talent, and you should watch those who love movies, psychology, and modern philosophy <br /> <br /> Little like Scott Mclouds "Understanding Comics", director Sophie Fiennes, among the grates of Slovenian philosophy, psychologist, and social defendant Slavoj Zikhali into many films and scenes scenes he discuss. Cover is a photo from "Birds" (Zriers takes a boat to rebuild a shot) <br /> <br /> Lacani psychological observation should not scream, a very happy evening ... but it is! If you like movies that are .... Having knowledge of Lacani's psychological analysis helps (Summary, Music, and Thinking) are the words that are almost completely lost, but the scenarios that Zikhali selects and analyzes makes clear what was always for me, a very deep lesson. In fact, it is probably better to be aware of the film that he is talking about than the word that he uses, which becomes more obvious as the film continues. Why I would like, this film is not because it takes a good film to analyze or reveal a great truth about Lacan, but it shows in an effective and clever way, where films and psychology (and for basic philosophy) meet. <br /> <br /> Why "Music Sounds" Kinda fascistic, why "Shortcuts" about more class and split, why the birds are attacking in "Birds", there is learning about the mind from "Resurrection" Guests ", the planet" Solaris "want, what" Psycho "and" The Brothers Marx "relate to each other, and what Hell is David Lynch crossing on the film after the movie ... well Zizek has thought. <br /> <br /> The role of voice in both "Excorcist" and "Star Wars: Sith Revenge", perhaps it's the most extreme movies and the best time, when it gets in female female attention I begin to wonder ... at the same time Zriers admits her feeling that flowers are a kind of dentatta of an ornamental, that is disgusting and should hide from children (for ignorance, it seems but ...). However, it is an interesting document, which anyone who has ever seen a movie, and thought it meant more than described in fact, must give an attempt to see. <br /> <br /> And anyone interested in Slavoj Zizek, this should also be, less dry than "Virtual Truth", and more than "Zazik!", two other pseudo-docs, about "Elvis of modern cultural criticism", as he is mentioned, in the English language world. The "Cinema External Guide" is not about sex work on movies. Zizek says the movie is a totally misleading art, because it teaches "how to desire, and not what you like", and that is the only kind of modern art that can allow these desires to be explained. This is not a film about finding the truth in movies, it's about to find movies in fact, and how important and exciting that can be. It is hard to find, and for a long time, but with a worth of trouble, one of the "exciting movie" shows that I have had.
