He is good, he has come out, very short and cannot rest. He stands before us and calls himself an offender. He claims that we ?? film viewers? see the screen as a bowl of toilet, and all are secretly wishing to all s ** t explode from inside. She is unpredictable and scary. Well ??? Come, you may have to think now: he's one of the leading philosophers of our age. Slavoj ?? i ?? ek is a journalist with a new film of Sophie Fiennes, the Pervert Manual of Cinema. Fiennes shows a long discussion with "??", and makes it in two ways: by providing model models and paste ?? i? Ek on real (or re-) sites from the movies he is talking about. It is always good to watch the well-watched scenes from the great movie (though Sith's revenge came here too), but the main attraction of the Pervert Guide? ni ?? ek yourself. What makes the film enjoyable is the one-to-one question cannot help but to ask it regularly: it's something worse, ek or comment screens? In the letter with Astra Taylor (?? ?? ek!, 05), the Slovenian philosopher once admitted his fear of being silent. Because, he claimed, he feels like he is not in the first place, the only way to make all other people believe he is doing is to talk regularly and with colds. And say she did, and how. Also the Pervert Guide? dominated by his voice? give the perfect English in many ways, and give amazing points on movies. <br /> <br /> What is it? For example, he sees the reluctance of Chaplin towards speaking a picture as a symbol of the fear of the world itself (a kind of foreign power that takes humanity? Thinking of the ventriloquist's Dead of Night [45]. He says that the false nature of movies is teaching us to desire certain things, not to give us. He describes Groucho Marx as a super ego, Chico as ego and Harpo as id. He says other interesting things, and at all times we cannot take his eyes, so persuasive (and interesting) is his appearance. At one time I could not help but look at his heavy, hairy hair and wonder what kind of brain was put down. Wishing, of course, for more insight. The most popular is the reading of Lynch and Hitchcock (which does not give a surprise since he wrote about both). The effect of the increased portions of the edits planned from their work made these pieces of speech i? Ek remembered by ?? different from others ?? it is difficult to compete with, because it seems to have found good things for these two directors. This does not go for reading to Tarkovsky for example, on whom he has long put his own physical focus of reality, to reject what is very strange in all Tarkovsky (ie intuitions and religious religion). > Question not like i ?? ek is inspiring and brilliant, because he is; or if the film Fiennes should look, because it is so. The real question is rather: is it a good opinion? One study after another makes intelligent planning, but after anything has passed, some doubts remain. For example: when considering Vertigo (58) ?? i ek says that what is hidden behind the human face is empty, which makes the face itself just a facade: something of deceit through its own way. However, during the last sequence we hear on the eternal finale of the City of the City (31) as if the image of one person to be quite clear to another, it is difficult not to ask: what happened to anything? ? Why should we give the face of the Chaplin's face to the real thing and deprive Kim Novak of the same bias in two bold strokes ??? Or maybe that sleep can also read in the case of Lacan? (The name of "notreadable" French psychoanalyst is based on the idea of ​​i ?? ek). Film has all the features of the royal two-and-a-half hours of speech: many votes are covered, most of the hired jobs, even some of the first man-made values ​​(when? I go to the boat Melanie Daniels from Birds [63] and she tries to think like she did, comes with: "I want f ** k Mitch!"). But there is also one deficit that is not made of two and a half hours as much as: it is almost reduced significantly. Do i of the y of yarn how do we from Real are as good as any other psychoanalytic yarn, but after 80 minutes it becomes apparent that one of ?? ?? ?? The pleasure of losing is to jump up and up, changing regular lessons. The overall effect is the abolition of a large, cold, fizzing wave: you are surprised at the same time, you are comforted, at the risk of death and frustration. When you finish watching, your head comes with your own ideas and you are ready to plan a review of the film? but you also share the meaning of being saved. The last question is: Is it lost? Or did we come close to something real? Once the penalty is punished by a sentence, we will all meet in one cell and finally talk (without any movies around our faces). I urge you all: who will have enough difficulty to cope with ?? ?? and reject him? I think that just as you look at those eyes in real life, you become faithful.
