His Bad Pastor (1995): Hurry Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts, Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Rome Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, DL Anderson, William Blair, Sean, Robin Dallenbach, Wilbur Fitzgerald, Dale Frye, Stan Kelly, Deborah Hobart, David Lenthall, Lorri Lindberg, Chuck Kinlaw, Amy Parrish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Al Wiggins, Jeff Sumerel, Daria Sanford .... Director James Hayman, Screenplay Dan Vining. Doctor Harry Hamlin (famous LA LA, Clash of The Titans and other films) looks perfectly at this "Lifetime" film directed by James Hayman and released in 1995. He and his wife Lisa Rinna will later make films about sex abuse . "Its deadly rival" is, at first glance, similar to the most known box-office hit "Fatal Attraction". In the "opponent", happy couple Jim and Kris Lanford enter a new home in the most common suburbs. Those who appear to be perfect - they are deeply in love, despite the normal life. But then a wonderful admirer puts his eyes on Jim. His identity has not been unveiled, despite Jim's attempt and even to find out who they are. He always tortures Jim via phone and letter. His marriage is very close as his wife begins to think she has something she tries to cover. When Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts and all others - Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Rome Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, D. L. Anderson, William Blair- each seem to be similar to the soap opera. But this is a very bad game and has a good time. There is a final move. Spoiler announcement. All I say is "his death rival" was all alone. According to a true case, Jim's wife's Jim got a lot of human problems and that was the end of his marriage. Even if the story is not very surprising, even if acting is just a step on the opera soap act, this film has its time. Especially moving is the scenes close between Jim and his wife and the last area where, when Jim learned the truth, he can't believe what he just heard. The movie may be very long and stimulating in a particular place but it is a type of TV film that usually does well, especially in Life, which continues to produce this kind of film, "in the bush" story or deception. Trashy but everyone loves garbage.
