The movie started in a classroom environment where it is not surprising, our main actor, Orked was seen in the Chinese language class. Later in the film, he was asked why (for Mukhsin) that he was taken to learn Mandarin. His answer was easy for the child he is; coz he has already known the language of Malay. <br /> <br /> It is a bit of romance one can think of it, but once you have set aside a very worried reading and go to it, you will notice common things in Malaysia. The movie essentially focuses on 10-year-old Orked who met Mukhsin 12-year-old in the game which many think of as a boy game. Running out of the players, Mukhsin (who was new in the village) had to be allowed into the game, where he thanked her husband for her. Then it is not a typical girl as more than a male character as you see in the film, defending Mukhsin from a lot of violent violence with her school attackers, throwing a bully bag from a school bus window, throwing a punch and running to Mukhsin's brother after the disgusting Mukhsin and so on and so on. They were both amazing partners, and closer together than that, but with a little misunderstanding that most of us could respond in the same way, they divided both to the day when Mukhsin left the city. <br /> <br /> Now the movie shows the first love between Orked and Mukhsin, they started as friends, but slowly turning into a closer relationship and then towards BGR. You can see, change Yasmin made in the movie for every great actor and actor when they go through love. Different character was expressed with enthusiasm and brightness. All events were random but highlighted the very realities that would have been stuck on the screen for a long time. You will love the movie why, and not because you want to become a patriotic for local events, coz means more. <br /> <br /> As a movie envelope near two love birds, he can also get his lens towards Orked's parents, his mother taught in England, speaking good English and which, her husband and guardian in the home and the biggest test attempt to repeat their English language, which was to minimize all the way true. Let me tell you why humor can be a popular thing in this film. And such an explanation or description that can be displayed can be given only one word and that is RANDOMNESS. More often than not, we do not learn to laugh ourselves, and when we do, we do at the expense of others. It's just like the film just following the rules and Jack Neo would have been mentioned - often when we ourselves, we don't see someone in us, but just when we are in someone else's body, then just learn to see who we are. And that is how humility is also used, more than just respect. <br /> <br /> The movie was full of randomness that the reality of our normal life as we carried out could be all the way filled with laughter if we want to be. Another view of this film was how Orked's neighbor, a couple of husband no longer loves his wife, and wanted to find another. Pak Koboi like what he stirred after he saw his scooter every day and will take out on a journey with his new partner. The producer did not fail to show you perhaps why the husband wanted to find another wife. The wife was a true farmer or KPC as we are Chinese we call, after the intervention of other people's business and send her own daughter to express the words that only adults will use. After all, around it, it comes nearer, and perhaps why bad things want to happen to him. All the time, being good to people around you will not hurt at all, unless you have an ego to protect, but again, what is appropriate? The film also includes Mukhsin's brother, Hussein who would go to the city every day until night, smoking, drinking, and also getting 'girls'. He is the general opposite of Mukhsin, but that is probably because of family problems. All the brothers were seated with their aunt and parents were away from them. I will not disclose a line of more stories if it would destroy a lot of the interest of wanting to get it, but a little more than all the features that the producer wanted to send to the audience is our whole life. He wanted us, I at least see life from our perspective when we are not ourselves. Films by the way, to remove us from our body, put us in a position of character, and use our empty mind then to see on its events. Depending on the type and type of film, you will be notified of how good a film like this will show and proves great effect to you.
