If you want to learn something about the Spanish Civil War and about all political and preferences details, I would like to tell you, you have chosen the wrong movie. This is a vision of war as it did in Majorca, a small island off the coast of Spain. When a war like this happens on a small island that takes place for a traitor almost immediately, there is no clear war. Soldiers are sent forward to fight, on the continent, while another kind of war happens at home, on a small island. There, neighbors tell other neighbors, sometimes because their political views are opposed to the new government, but many people are told because of the past family struggle, or perhaps the introvert silence who has no friend is told by someone who wants to “get certain points ". And these things are not clear. There was a real, realistic trial, but sometimes people would be speaking in the middle of the night, being taken out of their homes in a nearby tomb where they would be killed. And the next morning the bodies would look, and the people would have an idea of ​​what happened, but no one could say or do anything. We don't talk about soldiers killing someone who has never seen in their lives. We are talking about people who kill their neighbors, and maybe they say their widow will be killed the next day, and even attend the funeral for the man who killed them. We are talking about one or two villages, where everyone knew everyone. It is from the little island and I have heard stories that my grandparents have told me, and I must say that the movie is exciting, oh yes, it did; but I also found it very nice and moving. Initial violence is not something that the director or writer has built, that's what happened during the war. The child knows that his partner's father is in a fascist squad that killed his father? It is quite possible. All that happened next? It is also possible. TB was also real. At that time my island is not a holiday holiday. People were poor, illiterate, and worked in small farms. After the war there were times of trouble. So, you can't find the story of the war in this film, or at least not the story of the war you expect. No war bombs, no soldiers, no political chaos. This is the most important type of battle, which occurs when the space is reduced (only to look at the size of the island), while neighbors are fighting with their neighbors, when members of one family are fighting, and they live where everyone knows everyone. You will find stories about the destruction that this kind of war can cause people with stories of how they live in that destruction, or maybe they don't. It is worth mentioning the good work done by authors who changed the novel and all actors, who could hear Majorcan. That was wonderful.
