(SPOILERS included) this film is certainly the best Amicus production I have seen so far (although there are still very few looking). The house bled is horror-omnibus? Anthology that has four non-standard stories involving tenants of bad, hellish house in the UK. The most common mistakes in this production are the loss of energy on the story of wraparound that connects different stories? Peter Duffel's film with wisdom does not pay much attention to it. It deals only with Yard Scotland inspector who comes home to investigate the disappearance of the last tenant and as such, he learns about the incredible events that happened earlier. All four stories in this film are high and collective, well done. Great prospects are allowed for this film, as it was written by Robert Bloch! Yes, the same Bloch who wrote a novel that led to the priority of 'Psycho'? We also mark the first mark of Peter Duffel and a very professional as director. <br /> <br /> Four stories? shape as you will? in the House where the Blood has been split is different in the topic, but it is (almost) similar to the cold and eerie. One number deals with a fearful writer who comes home, with his wife, to get the inspiration of his new book. This starts very well, but after a while, haunted her and inserted by the villain of her own ideas. The idea in this story is not real nature but it is very doubtful and peak is amazing. The second star of the star (Hammer) of the legendary Peter Cushing as a retired retirement funder. It is still haunted and the shape of the infinite love and long, avoiding within the image of the wax visible to him. Cushing is fun to explore as always with ?? although the theme of the Museums of Wax is not new? This story seems to be generally clean and creative. This chapter also has a good time of shock and there is a constant situation. It is a very hot climate for what it says a good story: number 3. Another actor in this story, as Christopher Lee gives away the disappearance of a fearful father. He is very fierce and tough about his little daughter and continues to exclude him from the outside world. It's not the reason, because the little girl shows a fascination of wonder with magic and voodoo. In addition to the good works of Lee and the amazing performance of Chloe Franks as a gray child, this story also has a great gothic atmosphere! The undertones of the devil in this story, with the sound effects of the thunderstorm, make this story a must for fans of real fear. The fourth and last story, which the worst actress gets controlled by the vampire dress is wearing, is a little more weak sometimes when it comes to tension and honesty, but that overload of cunning humor pays the compensation. There is even a small rental room in this story as a protagonist means to cooperate with Christopher Lee in Dracula's series! The most memorable feature in this last chapter is the presence of Ingrid Pitt good! King-kings from `Vampire Dear 'certainly is one of the most important things in the film ?? his cleavage exactly. <br /> <br /> Of course about it? The house on which Blood has been beaten will be very valuable and fans of unusual fear. I really believe that, with a little preparation to resolve in the heart, this can actually be one of the few movies that will be afraid of you and leave a great feeling. The fear of mind and compulsion as it should be! It is highly recommended. One extra thing, though: this film should not be repeated under any circumstance to be confused with 'Dorm that dropped Blood'. This last is a terrible underground coin of 80 which is not quite available for this film, except for the head.
