"House burned" is one of the best anthology of the time. SPOILERS ** <br /> <br /> Tracking the lost star film, Inspector Holloway, (John Bennett) considers that the last end was in a big house in the country. When looking through the house, he is told four different stories about the former residents of the house. Good story: The way to kill-into the secret house to find peace and tranquility when Charles writes his recent work, Horror journalist Charles Hillyer, (Denholm Elliott) and his wife Alice, (Joanna Dunham) are very happy with the The story, which revolves around the Dominic name. After a series of incredible accidents and experience in the house, Charles begins to believe that my creation has come and you hate him and his wife. Probably one of the best intervals in the film, is easily creepiest. Here's what is happening. The incidents of false behavior are true, the secret that surrounds him is always true and there is always a normal time to come out. The classic time is to kill in the office of the intellectual, which is at all high for moisture. Their building, and the sound of shouting, shining as soon as it is strange, and the thunder and lightning in the back of the earth work well for the grace of man. Candy for sweet entry The new house, widow John Reid, (Christopher Lee) employs former school teacher Ann Norton, (Nyree Dawn Porter) for her younger daughter Jane, (Chloe Franks) while away from business. Ann gradually begins to erase the mystery of darkness from behind Jane, which John strongly denies. When he learns the true nature of what happened, it's more amazing than what he could think possible. With a completely conspicuous plot and a great story of the story, this is a very positive entry. The secret of the family is so surprising, and with a little of the symptoms given here and there, and the last revelation is a shock of courage. This part alone is the main reason why this works, and Lee cannot destroy. <br /> <br /> Bad story: Shock-tortured memory of his lost love, Phillip Grayson, (Peter Cushing) and his friend Neville Rogers, (Joss Ackland) all beaten with a woman's image in the Wax Museum, like The image takes their life, finds amazing secrets on the museum that attracts both. There is a Powerful trick here, and it gives you the freedom to spend time in the wax museum, which becomes common. This is not different, and looks eerie, which is supported by florescent lights on display on the image. The sequence of dreams provides a good time to doubt, but what ultimately kills this is a slow pace. It takes a long time for events to open out, and a lot of time is spent on exhibitions. It also builds the end of shock which can appear coming from miles away. Those eliminates this a little bit. It had changed changes, it would have made it up, the rest were accepted. The scary shadow films Paul Henderson, (Jon Pertwee) was angry with the lack of truth about the set of his new films, goes off to buy new vampire clothing from a special shop. Recent clothing turns out to be a vampire, going on a set with a co-star Carla, (Ingrid Pitt) and other home actions. Because of the jacket it is not good, he does everything he can to prove that it is only in his mind. This has good beautiful clusters, and there are many opportunities for fragrance, but what is clinging is a few things. First, it's just a goofy for its own benefit. The plot of the plot at the end is a good example, which has been turned out to be not quite a shock, and comes just as very clear. There are very few tragic events or being tested by events that are just bearing. It's the most weak in the film. Final Decision: The best omnibus film, there are few minor problems scattered through each story that makes this film much smaller but still very visible. It is highly recommended for those in similar films at the time or who enjoy the British films. <br /> <br /> Rating of Leo-PG-13: Violence
