The British production company Amicus is known as a horrible panic, and this great name called "House Burned Blood" is undoubtedly the best production of Amicus which I have seen now (in fact, there are very few I still see, though). "The house burned" Blood has four beautiful macabre stories, all of which are put in the same house. These four stories are brought to you in the gorgeous atmosphere of Gothic, and with one of the most beautiful presentations. Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee (Cushing and Lee are two of my dear loved ones forever), with Denholm Elliott and the impressive star of Ingrid Pitt in this film - so is a true fan of Horror who could lose it? No, of course, and the film has much more to offer than just cast. "The house burned" Blood circles the rural house, which amazing things happen. In four sections, the film describes the stories of four different owners. The first story, "The Way to Kill", says the story of the author Charles Hyller (Denholm Elliott), who enters the House with his wife. After moving, the author feels suddenly feeling angry with the creation of his own creation ... The first part is the headline for the film. Stories are interesting and unusual and the performances are quite good. <br /> <br /> In the second story, "Waxworks", retired businessman Phillip Grayson (Peter Cushing) enters home, and suddenly he feels drawn to the amazing Wax Museum in a nearby town ... good performance in this, and all the other performances are very good. Myths are wonderful, and the second film, after three. <br /> <br /> The third story, "Sweets To the Sweet" is far from the most of the fourth brilliant. John Reed (Christopher Lee) goes with his little daughter. A personal teacher and nanny Ms Norton, whom Mr. Reed has used to tell her daughter, standing on the roughness of her employer towards her daughter, and has a desire to know what the reason for dad's views on birth can have this ... the best part it has at least a very angry and realistic plot. Christopher Lee is, as always, very good in his role. Nyree Dawn Porter is also very good as a nanny, and my special features go to Chloe Franks, aged 11. In the fourth section, Paul Henderson (Jon Pertwee) has a problem with his wife's wife-Carla (Ingrid Pitt). This fourth story is satire, more than in fact it is scared. It is an exciting satire, however, and there are many obstacles in other Horror films. One time Henderson directly refers to Christopher Lee, whose star in the original, third party ... <br /> <br /> All four groups have a good sense of beauty and good condition. As mentioned above, the third part is far from the greatest, but the other three are also stories of the atmosphere of the atmosphere and often the romantic love that every Horror partner should know. The atmosphere of the atmosphere, a sense of humor, real eerieness and brilliant cast make this a must be seen. In short: "The Blood-Burned House" is the best of Horror-omnibus that no British Horror partner may lack. Highly recommended!
