Yes, this is an awesome anthology film and it was very fun! That is because although the film was frightened, some stories had a light spirit - and there was even a laugh. This is not something that sometimes horrible films are very real and very big. For this reason and because all four stories were very good, it is one of the best movies I have seen. The connecting theme that connects each story is the house itself. Four different stories include people who rent a house or explore what happened to farmers. The first part covered by Denholm Elliott as the awesome writer who has the author's block. Therefore, to change the environment, they rent this house. Almost immediately block Elliott will disappear and performs the fastest work on the story about the serial killer. Surprisingly, soon after his block he loses he begins to see his true character! From time to time, the psychologist is seen and then disappears - making it seem like he is losing his mind. This can only be better than the story, as the finishing end of the finish makes the story live. The second, while not the worst, perhaps the most weak. Peter Cushing has a student who pretends to be a girl who died some time ago (though her pictures look amazing today). When he enters the chamber of the urban museum, he sees a wax image that reminds him of a lost woman and he is attracted to this fear. Later, a friend (Joss Ackland) visits with him, too, sees the figure and is included with it. This all leads to the end which, in fact, was a bit of cuts. <br /> <br /> Christopher Lee then star as a bright and bright father for a little girl. In many parts of this, Lee appeared as a young man, but eventually you can understand his behavior. Although it is slow, this is well done. <br /> <br /> The fourth part was the silliest and it meant to appreciate the kind. Jon Pertwee ("third" doctor from DR. WHO television series) is a very powerful actress known for its Dracula exhibition. However, there is nothing appropriate for the film according to him and the pique accuracy, he appears on the set to get the best of this vampire film. It is really interesting that played this role, as it appeared by nature to Christopher Lee who played Dracula or other vampires of bazillion (giving or taking a few). I enjoyed the Pertwee line when he said basically that Lee and other recent Dracula stuff were compared to Bela Lugosi! Perhaps this is why Lee did not take this part! Despite some very short time, it was fun and fun - as much as good or better than the first part. Thinking that the film started and ended well, it had a good job and text, it's hard not to love this film.
