I will acknowledge you when I reviewed this since it was my introduction to the series. I saw this film for the first time in ~ 2005 evening evening “The fear of Friday” on AMC, which often pulls out the unseen jewelery like this in the cold storage for new generations. I did something to watch the entire series of Amicus anthology before examining any of them here to make sure I have a view. Looking back, I am still going to the Blood House as I loved, followed closely with the Story From the Crypt and then the Crime. I think all the things that make this series a charming - yield '60s /' 70s of cinema movies, interesting to kooky, distant stories and quite English totally support - --- gathered more well than any other in general. Movie theaters near the old English house and the tragedy of all those living inside. The first story involves the author of fear and his wife, who moved to this place to get a break from the city so that he could focus on his passion. He creates a characteristic of a massacre called Dominic and soon begins to face a great difficulty telling the truth from a lie. There is a subtle physicite here through his punishment that I've got amusing yet angry. Oh and those terrible teeth (then again these are British actors, perhaps that was true !!!) The second story is the story of an old man who was old (Peter Cushing) who moved here to escape his loneliness, but only hurt if he loses his love . It seems to have found the most possible salvation in the internal museum (very angry), but it turns out to be the only best ....... <br /> <br /> The third story includes Christopher Lee (my British Shepherd) ) as one father with a very young and confused daughter. He always cares about getting things that shouldn't - like envy! He has a natural talent for it, for good reason. Lee is good here as a cold ice teacher, that person has a real talent to play characters who don't quite warm! But despite his best efforts, a little problem learns the inevitable knowledge and bad things to follow ...... <br /> <br /> This last story is the story of a former old actor who feels a young director she works and is not qualified to capture the beautiful film of the vampire, under the quality of clothing and her particular clothes. So he goes to an ancient curiosity shop at midnight of foggy to find something more "real". What? He little knows that he took the true garment of the vampire! Putting it in the midnight stroke has been seen. By the time I got this fourth and last story, it was after 3 am and I couldn't stay awake on the first attempt (not by weight). But I saw something that I have hundreds of times, an enjoyable fun experience with a film or music when I come in and out of sleep and music / music becomes part of my dream! Great fun !! This wonderful story was perfect for it and it seemed to be worse for the first time than it really was because I woke up right when he was reduced by the power of the columns and could not understand what was happening at first. Not long after that, Ingrid Pitt was very excited to go to the film and told him not to put on a dress at midnight - but he did not need to be in trouble, since he was a real vampire. The chintzy keyboard jingle followed when he was around him towards the staircase was just a hysterical !! And again in my semi-sleep condition, it seems rather confused! Note Remote: Make sure you get Lee and Pitt with an amazing star of Amicus Britt Ekland in every time the old Wicker Man (1973). The weakest link here is the definition of intervention between stories, but according to the story itself, this is normal! In fact, I would say the third story is better, but I like more than 4 because it makes a lot of smile. Very recommended for fans of fear and if you're a fan of British fear, it should be! I would like to say it is best to look at a series of historical sequence if you can. The last film of this series, Monster Club (1980) is certainly the most weak. I think the first movie of 3-4 but rarely the Torture Garden (1967) is the best, but if you like any of them, you should look at them at least once. You will probably come back more times to see your favorites.
