Connecting stories: another look at the first for me and, again, this is one of the most popular Amicus anthologies - and it's easy to see why, although I realize how the movie rather meaningful would be meant for some; In fact I had a choice of Peter Duffell's choice - DEATH AND MAIDEN (which, incidentally, is a piece of classical and Schubert being heard in the film during the Peter Cushing period) - much more. Although the link itself is not all good, all these events are fun and enjoyable. Production ethics comes as highly respected for Duffell's budget had to work with. This end affects the film with a good film, which, in fact, causes it directly that he liked to isolate himself from the type of music (although more is not appropriate to be a model than because he felt below it) <br /> <br> /> Now for personal stories: </ <br /> "The Way to Kill": The opening section does not give any real surprise but, to create this, it's quietly and often interesting (Tom Adams'). the falsehood of the village looking as a long lost Boris Karloff from the OLD DARK HOUSE [1932]); Also, it is enough for a variety of DIABOLIQUE, and it plays a role for Denholm Elliott in leading. That's all we need from them, in fact. The "Regeneration": for the second story we are found in a fantastic romantic feeling that is not unusual for this type of film; Peter Cushing and Joss Ackland both are better (and also dressed in impeccably) in their roles of the two jilted lovers of the woman who keeps watching them even after a very long time, and whose friendly competition can lead them only to blindness and accurately ultimately which is worse than death; The evil area of ​​the venue with Peter Cushing is very good because of the limited resources available, and the inability of Ackland - or desire - to leave the city while remembering the inhabitants of the Bunuel house of THE EXTERMINATING ANGEL (1962). > <br /> "Sweet Candy": this is perhaps the most beautiful part of it - with its most important role, Christopher Lee continues to show its mixture and is in line with Nyree Dawn Porter's perception and convictions of Chloe Franks (who looks like the daughter of Lee). The magic film here is a trick and mature, reaches a powerful and very warm curtain. Trivia Note: Chloe Franks looks like grown in a feature included in the disk, and seeing him I felt a quick skill with his face but he couldn't put my finger on it. Later, when I followed her film, I was revealed that she had done one of the instructions in dealing with Agatha Christie's long-term "Mousetrap" in West End of London, which I and my brother had had the chance to catch while we were on vacation in Summer of 2002! Needless to say, we had no idea then that he immediately created such a delicate - and tastes - displayed in sheer evil, especially because of his unique look and devilish smile! <br /> <br /> "Clothes": The story of wacky but odd vampire (which can still delete many stories related to the lowest conditions, when creating some new!) which takes amazing digs in video exploitation and, at one time, Christopher Lee himself! Jon Pertwee is astounding as a star of fear that finds more than he did when he tried to bring a measure of truth to his work; Ingrid Pitt gives her photographs beautifully though her role is much less than a case; Geoffrey Bayldon (planned to look at Ernest Thesiger) also has a little memorable; The 'silent-cinema' style was the best of the smokers 'audience, I think - and, while some player comes as a major burden of' THE WARGETS VAMPIRE KILLERS (1967) or THEATER OF BLOOD (1973), also instead of infectious and certainly fills the film on high (and odd) scores! Quality and sound quality are relatively satisfactory, considering I had no other version of comparison; The main error is the print of visible newspapers but this is not as bad as affecting the fun of the film. For additional, starting with Sound Views: in fact, this is one of the most beautiful conversations about a kind of film that I can remember listening; Jonathan Rigby joins his comments more than usual for the supervisor but his efforts certainly allow the director Peter Duffell to touch every aspect of production (where with another film, it remains rather than expecting to be more!) And, therefore, is a very good track that completes The main feature is really true. The feature of "A-Rated Film Film" is a good attempt by Peter Duffell again in the center center but this time has emphasized the legitimate contributions, which are very short, from producer Max J. Rosenberg and star Chloe Franks, Ingrid Pitt. by Geoffrey Bayldon. We also find the details of the film, review, bios and the poster / stills gallery which, again, have come together in amazement (with modern reviews being something of beauty - and an invitation to it).
