From the ideas of Robert Bloch, the famous "Psycho" popularity, come four stories of fierce terror in this film of Amicus anthology, which, while not much fun, or scary, if I would like, still provides good entertainment type. of the most famous Yard Scotland investigator (John Bennett) who examines the disappearance of the famous actress; he advised that this case is associated with a few other people and houses that all took place, and our film leaves and run. "Kill The Way" has author Charles Hillyer (dahol likes Denholm Elliott) haunted by his recent false creation, who has seen coming to life. This sequence has some of the best time to emphasize for sure, and you are experiencing an amazing revelation of amusing and denouement. The star star of the star Peter Cushing as a retired striker Philip Grayson, who, along with former friend Neville Rogers (Joss Ackland) comes up with a beautiful woman who found in the macabre wax. The most effective in this section is a series of dreams, although it is as good as always looking at Cushing. The last photos given to us in this story are very interesting. “Candy for Sweet” shows another star of the fight, Christopher Lee, like John Reid, who does not treat the best baby Jane (Chloe Franks) and very good, and is about a new friend / teacher Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter) know what. The secret of this section is dealt with properly; The film monitors do not know their hand so comes as a real shock when we get the full truth of this unhappy family. When "die" is very frightening. <br /> <br /> "Clothing" has a complete fourth comedy; Jon Pertwee, one of the many participants who played the role of Dr. Who over the years, is as happy as an irritating, frightening star (in fact, he is an example of this story), who was troubled by the lack of quality in his recent budget film, goes out and buys clothes its own. Said the clothes have amazing powers, which I do not announce here. Sexy Ingrid Pitt is an inviting presence as a colleague of Pertwees; A wonderful example of humor here is a well-known skill without being taken by Christopher Lee! The story of wrap-up concludes with a predictable yet yet effective as Detective Inspector Holloway learns that he should have taken all the warnings made more seriously. It has been confirmed by the amazing, amazing, and amazing of Michael Dress, "Burned House" is a mixture of stories; when we are not quite happy like, say, "Stories from Crypt", it is still good fun. Capably directed by Peter Duffell, it progresses slowly but surely towards each of its rough conclusions, and indeed it's a good film of its kind. <br /> <br /> 7/10
