THE BLOOD WORK OF THE BLOOD is the third in a series of seven anthologies of Amicus. If the CLUB of MONSTER is included as part of the series, this will make eight movies. Although, the film is very different from others. I look at the stories of Amicus for good memories as I loved them when I was young. My feelings for them today are very powerful. <br /> <br /> I spent many years trying to track this movie. The collection of stories was very interesting that I went off to pay a large sum of time when I finally found a copy. Good as though the movie is, I felt the feeling of despair when I finally saw it. It was not as good as I was led to believe. When better than two of his predecessors, there is no place near his four followers as I will show. <br /> <br /> Connecting stories sees John Bennett as a police inspector to track a lost person who lives in an amazing house. His journey begins a police station where he learns stories of former residents. A story linking later finds him visiting a property agent who sold the house. While this link link looks attractive on the paper, it is flat and is not available in the gym and easily weaker than any anthology of Amicus. I couldn't help but get the impression that John Bennett is a poor version of Donald Pleasance or Ian Hendry. I would like to see one of the two actors mentioned above in his role. We can even have all here - one as a police inspector and another as a property agent. They can, and I believe it would be, they have brought this powerful feature of the movie better. <br /> <br /> Movie has four stories, each of which takes into account the housewife. <br /> The first story sees Denholm Elliott as the author of crime stories. He is buried in an exciting story about a boyfriend, even going away by drawing a drawing to help his writing. Later, he begins to see a vision of his own creation. The best approach to Peter Duffell, especially with the choice of camera angles helps to block the blocked script. Elliott's performance is as good as a troubled writer and also helps to raise stories. The story ends with half of moving but I can't help to get a sense of script that didn't allow you to live according to its capabilities. The second story sees Peter Cushing coming into the house. He is the only man who still gives birth to a beautiful woman who once threw him jilted and who keeps the picture. Cushing's performance brings this exciting story to life. She is assisted by the director who chooses to focus on keeping the loneliness of Cushing. This is considered more by a great reminder that helps us to see within Cushing's mind. However, Cushing finds the figure on the nearest floating museum which looks like her girl. Usually his patience grows but this seemingly romantic story has trouble at the end. Joss Ackland has a Cushing competitor but his performance is very high with the late Peter Cushing. <br /> <br /> The third story and easily better sees Christopher Lee - my most frightening actor at all times - entering his home with his daughter. Mr. Lee gives one of his full displays of ice here. We do not show love or attention to her daughter at all. It even brings to the school of teaching. The player, played by Nyree Dawn Porter in one of his beautiful performances, tries to find out what's wrong. Without giving away, I will be able to reveal that magic has a role. The presence of Christopher Lee actually polls everywhere he is. Chloe Franks deserves special recognition for its low performance of the girl as a little girl who is a special character in the whole movie. The movie is worth seeing even for seeing this story. The last story is played almost entirely to laugh but it is really not good and that's important. Jon Pertwee plays a scary movie actor who enters the house. He is not worthy of much by its manufacturers to take movies, see everything as cheap and fake, especially dress. So he decides to buy a real coat of his recent role of vampire. Geoffrey Bayldon has comeo better as a seller who sells Pertwee old clothes. When Pertwee puts the coat up, he begins to develop pigs and basically transform into a vampire. Pertwee functionality is reliable. In fact it is hilarious. Ingrid Pitt is also in this story but his talent has been lost in the role that should be very great. The merge story ends with an unlimited connection to the last story. This is very appropriate since the auditor was looking for Pertwee and usually decides to visit the house. Others will be able to work on your own. As weak as a story that connects it, it has a respect if the end did not come for purpose. I believe that the blame for the wrong in what should be a fantastic film is not a lie with Peter Duffell, the director, who does better than what he has. I think the script was very suspended and desperate that can be found in four movies later. Overall, the HOUSE which the BLUODI was beaten, despite its errors is a must-see for the Aniclogies of Amicus fans, fans of other Amicus movies or fans of panic movies. If my summary provides a film and an adequate appeal in your eyes, see. You will enjoy it!
