Four stories of fear of events in the old creepy house are described by Yard Scotland Yard Holloway (John Bennett) as he examines a place where a recent hostage has fallen. it's just hard to find words to describe true care that is a blood house. These seven years of fear of anthology are quite incredible in such a way that this non-fictitious movie can stimulate fear in even more audience viewers. Surprisingly, the number of violent images on screens can be counted in one hand but the film can still show evil and succeed in mentioning the most frightening images in the minds of viewers, while all stopping to take a clear path to graphic abuse. In the rare element of the first seventy years of fear of film technology is almost without loss, due to the innocence of the cast of stars (featuring the story of Peter Cushing story, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) through A good leadership and story in honor of Peter Duffell and author of Macabri author Robert Bloch (author of 'Psycho' novel). The only true complaints that a person can have with a blood shed 'is a decoration of a particular organ at the end of the first two groups and at the end of the picture, but even these small details have failed to prevent general surveillance. The first part, with the title "Way to Kill", describes the story of Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott), a scared writer who snatches a angry home when working on his recent novel. While working on the novel, Hillyer begins to see the behavior of murder from his story in and around the house and soon begins to question the difference between lies and truth. Elliott's performance in this piece is unique and its character is given an amazing air of faith. This section of the section, as with others, is a mystery around events that occur. The viewer is made to ask if seeing for the behavior of the Dominic murder is just a lie, schizophrenic disease or if the character is actually there. Duffell's approach is effective in creating a split mode with a slow, electronic approach to cause tension and emphasis needed to make the area more visible. <br /> <br /> The next section deals with Peter Cushing as a new home worker. During the city trip, he comes to a terrible museum and decides to enter. While there, he finds a model of a beautiful woman who looks very familiar with him. Cushing's behavior (Philip) then joined his friend Neville (Joss Ackland) who also wants to visit the museum, surprisingly by Philip. In this section the viewer is not given more than the clues of the trick as a woman's secret net but generally the viewer is left in the dark. There is very little tension in this story yet still succeeding in maintaining its secret air through a series of complex dreams and understanding of stories. Duffell's direction is once again unique and this time is the most likely of four stories, no refusal to be through a certain direction of creativity and acting reliable? Waxworks' still happy to enter the film. <br /> <br /> ?? Waxworks' are followed by, in my opinion, the largest of the four categories? Candy for Sweet '. Christopher Lee star as John Reid, the father of a little girl who starts with an unusual fear of fire which has recently been done by the nanny who cares about Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter). However, John seems to hide the mystery of darkness about the family. "Candy for Sweet" is the easiest and most wonderful of four stories and that's why the part is not quite good for the viewer. In small portions and subtle signs are given about the truth behind the family, but not until the end of the horrible end that everything is good for. This is a good example of how Duffell used strong tension and insisting to create a widespread climate that made the whole film great. Faced with a fantastic voice, "Candy for Sweet" is an intensive exercise that looks at the viewer and throat and refuses to allow it to the sad blow that ends this piece is gone. Personally, I believe that this short part would have made a long-time entertainment and haunting film and I would give this section a regular 10/10. The movie has ceased and the surrounding circles account was missing. Jon Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt star as two artists who are currently working on a terrible movie. Pertwee's behavior is characterized by amateur production and props of the film and thus buys its vampire clothing from a mysterious shop. However, strange things begin to appear in a dress and soon begins to be very frightened. This section, which sets the inspector among events, is a good way to connect an amazing anthology. Although there is an incomplete air in this area, somehow, what makes the story enjoyable. Unfortunately, there is little in this section that can be considered to be horrible for any meaning and predictable finish can be made better but however part has its characteristics of redemption. The terrible pollution should definitely look out for a brief comment on Pertwee on the image of Bela Lugosi and Christopher Lee of Dracula. This small and cheerful way for the last part is natural and natural way to finish the picture even if it allows the film compared to the original models of fear based on doubts. Overall, `House burned Blood 'is one of the largest anthologies that includes amazing, great stories and top for leadership. In fact there is the worst way to spend one hundred minutes of your life and when the blood and guts fans are very disappointed, fans of many fearful efforts should enjoy this film very much. My estimation of Blood House '? 8/10.
