The fear of all the films was popular in the seventy years. I don't like very much myself, but this is a piece of undeniably the best of the British movie of fear. The house that is shed is a terrible omnibus, with four stories that surround the old house of the island and is told by the Yard Scotland officer and agent. <br /> <br /> This movie is dominated by three starred movie stars; Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, who are afraid of the fans will recognize as one of Lee's co-star stars in the UK's biggest fear of all time; Man of Wicker. <br /> <br /> The first part of the film, titled "The Way to Kill" describes the story of the journalist, who created it; The man called "Dominic" is awakened by his own thoughts. This story creates very well; through her lover, she, and viewers lead to believe that what she sees is an example of her thinking. This story is not very original, but it is done through its lack of naturalness through the atmosphere that creates and is the last deviation; which works very well and came as a real surprise. <br /> <br /> The second story, titled "Waxworks", star Peter Cushing and is my favorite fourth of my favorite. This story follows the story of Phillip Grayson (Cushing), a person who finds a museum of wax and decides to enter. Inside, she finds a woman who is studying with her and whom we know later is murder. The relationship of a woman with Phillip is not fully explained, but the story relies heavily on the secret to create transparency rather than plot information. Cushing later joined his friend, Neville Rogers (played by Joss Ackland) and then the story begins to take. The installation of the waxwork full of killers for a horrible film is not a new idea; The same scenario was applied to a great impact on the 1966 film, "Angry Association". Although here not as big as the one in the pre-mentioned film, the potential of the environment is not used with the worst side effects, which are most common in the sense of claustrophobia, brought by a small museum. Peter Cushing is always interesting to watch, and to see him avoiding a fool who steals them is treating a fan of fear. Despite being my favorite, this story is still an entertaining and interesting way to allow this anthology below. <br /> <br /> The film continues with "Candy for Sweet", which of course the best omnibus. This legendary star story Christopher Lee as the father appears overprotective. The beauty of this story comes through play. It takes the audience to watch; we know there is something wrong with either a father or a daughter, but we don't know who it is, or what it is. Christopher Lee, as usual, shows his character to a great extent of sin; The audience deserves to imitate her actions about giving her daughter doll, and the fact that she is not allowed to go to school or have any fingers. What card is actually locked around the chest until almost close to the end, caused by a true line that tells her child that she is true, fears her daughter. At the end of this passage is widely played, in my opinion it is one of the last end of any story of fear that has said, and will continue with you long after the final score is completed. Omnibus quotes with "Clothes", which is very obvious comedic of the fourth. This story is about a movie of the fear of hammy which, it is not achieved by its recent technical side, comes out and takes on the clothes. Typically, this column turns into a real vampire dress. Unlike the other three stories, this looks very much to laugh. That is not a bad thing if you shout too much and it is a good contrast to all the film. The end of this story is very similar to the end of the story of the wraparound of the film, which is the worst and most beautiful end to the very fine film. Also, look a little Jibe about Christopher Lee in Dracula. Good touch, I think. Overall, if you want a season of fear, you may not be completely lost by the House that has dropped Blood. The third story alone makes the film worthy of your time and this is a very awesome horror film.
