Preminger's G. B. Shaw '' Saint Joan '' (screenplay of Graham Greene) received one of the worst effects on that day. It was given to non-academic, non-listening to the audience and the audience was unacceptable to the film that had no godliness and the expected beauty of the historical page. As was the 'Peeping Tom' ', the answers were bad and inappropriate. Preminger's search for Shaw's search for the effects and effects of Joan's Arc (his real name in his language is Jeanne d'Arc but this film is in English) is completely loyal to the original play, not just the real emotional but also official. His film is a Brechtian screening of institutional performance, divisions within and without different groups wanting to force him. So we are not allowed to identify the emotional level of any characters, including Joan himself. If it played with Jean Seberg (whose life is the same as his role here), he is presented as innocent, a symbol of purity which works and the very presence shows corruption and weakness to everyone. As Seberg plays with him as Holy and Madam. His lack of experience as a film actor when he made this film (which shows on advertising) offers Jeanne's youth and youth revealing all the truth that Jeanne La Pucelle is a ignorant and illiterate girl who walked out to protect her village and her mind natural. In fact he did not have the reputation of being severely prosecuted that he received the first release of the film, it is more than Ken's performance and the first-time actor's call without the initial acting experience. Shaw and Preminger considered world views towards Joan to see him as a middle-aged woman, he doesn't care about being a rustic daughter who is finally married or committing adultery with the soldiers to go away from the battlefield. His faith, his voice, his vision that he interacts with words like "thoughts" and "common sense" leads him to put on the armor of his fellow soldiers to lead them to fight and expel English from France. > However it can be said that the film is more popular with the Dauphin court (Richard Widmark), the teachers' office trying to Joan led by Pierre Cauchon (Anton Walbrook, the right cast) and the actions of Earl of Warwick (John Gielgud) then in Joan yourself. A very good combination (all men) reflects the planning figures, Machievellian (although the story comes before Niccolo) who find religion as a new toy to be used and used for their own purpose. The sardonic intensive conversation gives the performers great excitement to open. John Gielgud as a good intelligence Earl whose mind (including corruption) allows him to count the right way that he can guarantee Joan gets hot and Anton Walbrook's Pierre Cauchon shop brings a third picture to a modern psychologist who will give Joan a case. the right that will surely witness to him. Richard Widmark as Dauphin is a real revelation. As opposed to the type of printing that you will find, Widmark shows a weak controller of France's future in a frenzied caricature, the comic which is close to this film comes to the comic aid. The comic function that you feel like imitating Jerry Lewis more than the future ruler of France. Preminger shot '' Saint Joan '' black and white, cinema movies are Georges Perinal who worked with Rene Clair and who made '' Life and Death Colonel Blimp '' in color. It is strictly prohibited to emphasize the intellectual sense of this film. Preminger preferences for long-tracking shots without interference takes it to the effectiveness of film, no sense of lost movement anywhere in its mise-en-scene. It also marks the leadership of Preminger more mature (and overlooked time) its focus is on the conflict between individuals and institutions that work, how the organization works and how a person acts according to its principles . These themes receive their direct treatment in his film and as he puts unreasonable things and gets black and white answers. This is one of his best and most effective films.
