Fräulein Doktor is a good exhibition as any of how the film's once big industry in Western Europe has fallen in the past 40 years. Then, at the end of the 60's, when the great Hollywood studios were on the rope, Italy, France and the UK were replacing movies to fill the space left by the decline of Hollywood. There were pictures of James Bonds (Doctor No was a surprise held in the United States, opened first in the century century chain in NYC with a price of 99% of the afternoon), west west of Clint Eastwood (and a Fistful of Dollars issued by A distributor who had never paid Italian dime producers and a French criminal film that often went to the gallery, except as the Sicilian Family. And there was European cooperation as Doctor Zhivago and, of course, Frakule Doktor. With its huge budget for the time, and the world talent involved, Fräulein Doktor was good enough that viewers still remember movies decades later. Kenneth More, as a British intelligence officer, has a Fräulein Doktor line where he tells a spy who has found no talking or playing a Wall game. The wallpaper has the opposite of the run squad, and a small space spy game. That kind of attitude has done very well in national borders, in the era of the Vietnam War of 1969. > <br/> <br/> <br/> <br/> <br/> <br/> <br /> Steamy photos between Suzy Kendall and Capucine did not destroy these artists' positions when you get part in the movies Hollywood, the movie theater was in the process of losing distribution and foreign trade. Fox will no longer reproduce the film as the Sicilian Family, Columbia without distributing the film as The Night Caller of Belmondo. MGM continued further, cutting off all the film production, selling its cinema brands in India for the ground value and expelling its potential to the Borehamwood studio as Kerkorian lost a studio in order to raise its money to create its casino in Las Vegas (where Bally shop. The casino gift was sold for MGM prices at the price of deliveries, discarded items from the MGM's warehouse warehouse) The division distributed the Fräulein Doktor, but Charles Bludhorn of the Gulf and West, who had taken the company with studio labels The older Board of Directors, expelling the studio studio to Universal (as I remember) and actually have a passion for movies after the great production Robert Evans started to turn one hit after another. But that was in the 70's. The time of Fräulein and its lesbian area was buried, and the cut-off versions of the movie depicting the local stations through 80 years. Kenneth More was often as common as a boy of whispering when he was old , especially in the BBC's series of spying Father Brown. When he was young, as in the British movie the Titanic, he played the official British officer. In Fräulein Doktor, he had the opportunity to be more tough than usual, if I remember. It would be nice to see if my memory of this movie is correct, about his role and, of course, these horse horses are wearing masks of gas and covers protective riding war. That was a part, and Alberto Lattuada showed that he was a director, helping this movie the World War I, where the money spent on production values ​​showed the truth on the screen.
