This part of Smallville is probably a good part of the air since reunion. This is for many reasons. For example, it takes a series back to its roots. Welcome back to Lionel due to the long absence, and the office of Luthorcorp plaza in Metropolis. In this room was not in the small for too long, and seeing it again brings many memories from the back of small. Of course, Simbali and Lex's conversation is always interesting. Another good return is good, I know, it's Bart Allen (aka Impulse), AC (aka Aquaman) and Victor Stone (aka Cyborg). Steven Deknight is not just a reunion with former justice people, joining them to the Smallville formula in a unique way, that almost feels like a feature of the length of the feature. From there you get the basic story, Arrow Green makes the league, the attempt to run 33.1, Bart gets captured, Clark saves, and the center is hit by the com com. It is all good and graceful, with a good mix of fraud, action, speed and suspension. Oh, and Cyborg has new new upgrades to the character of the right league :). Music may perform this function well. If you remember correctly, the first part Steven Deknight directed was Agless from the 4th season. This was a temporary part, but something that looked out of place. perhaps it was music, or acting, or the true definition of the definitions at the end "we did not find it, you found us", a type of people who lost faith in that form. But thanks to Steve Deknight he delivered himself in this period of justice. I had a few things about the Rights that failed to be reduced to the first 10. First of all, the free movement from the right league to the Ridge cancellation center. I mean it would be very cool to say Arrow Green and Cyborg left the Oliver bike (rememeber from the arrow section). Clark and Impulse should be open running, and aquaman should cross the other way. But that was soo surprising, locked 2 points from full 10. <br /> Second, sometimes cheesy, not as bad as the first, but during the Arrow's green sais "let's go to save the world". That made me fly. All in all, based on work shows, music, leadership and production standards, the profit exceeds the disaster, and this is still one of the best scenarios in small history, and perhaps the second best in the 6th season. > <br /> 7 out of 10 ...
