EL MAR is a hard work, solid, quite brilliant, of the art of cinema. Director Agustí Villaronga, converting with Antoni Aloy and Biel Mesquida of Blai Bonet's novel, has created a film that shows the great impact of war on children's minds and how it is caused by the risk of adult life. And although the focus is on the tattoo of scandal on children, relocation as a consequence to soldiers and citizens of old age is clear. This film becomes the best documentation to fight the war without using upputs: the end result has a huge impact because of its natural story that follows children's protests toward adults. A small group of children is shown the Spanish Civil War, threatened and killed by night citizens. Ramala (Nilo Mur), Tur (David Lozano), Julia (Sergi Moreno), and Francisca (Victoria Verger) are experiencing fear of killing men, and revenge that gives one of them killing and suicide. These whole-eyed children get adults, taking all the mental illnesses and mental afflictions that they have oppressed. We are meeting with three who live up to adults where they are all locked up in the image of tuberculosis. Ramala (Roger Casamajor) has been saved as a male prostitute, preserved by 'John' Morell (Juli Mira), and has set his personal style. Tur (Bruno Bergonzini) has been a sexually transmitted male who has been banned by the Catholicism and the frustration of brain / bribes. Francisca (Antònia Torrens) has been a fool and serves patients in sanitarium. The three have joined their environments in sanitarium and each one shows the scars of their childhood experience for war. Tur longs for the love of Ramala, Ramala wishes to be free from his Morell, and Francisca must have his inner demands covered by his white character. <br /> <br /> The sanitarium layout provides a clear flight where thin thread between life and death, between desire and love, and between dedication and destruction is beaten. In more detail it could damage the impact of the film on the individual viewer, but it is sufficient to say that sex and full dirt is associated (in some very raw images found on the film) and the viewer should be ready to witness all kinds of violence possible. For these viewers these events are of great importance and Director Villaronga will be grateful for his patience and courage in making this story more intense. Actors, both as children and adults, are very good: Roger Cassamoor, Bruno Bergonzini and Antònia Torrens are very effective in very difficult tasks. Jaime Peracaula exhibitions and haunting music symbols and Javier Navarrete uses the vision of the director. Hard film, this one, but one was suggested for those who are not afraid to deal with the war and its consequences. English and English English titles. Harp Harp
