Leslie Charteris's novel series of adventures of Simon Templar's little ("Holy") was brought to the screen at the end of the 1930s by George Sanders as a Templar. It was a careful choice - Sanders were often able to play criminals and regularly "good roles" (ffoliott in the CORRESPONDENCE OF EFFECTS, A brave head in STRANGE CASE OF UNCLE HARRY, written "best friend" of Robert Montgomery in RAGE REGISTRATION) . Here, his intention to legislate and break the law resembles a "massive weight", while his good behavior and self-behavioral behavior made Templar a good shade of a shadow like Chester Morris "" Boston Blackie ", and (at a level) Peter Lorre" Mr. Fire ". <br /> <br /> The movies are not the best series of hidden secret films - but they are used. As a series of Rathbone's Holmes or a series of Oland's Chan consistently had actors repeating roles or playing new (anti-heroine in the film here played by Wendy Barrie, who would show in the second film in the series). This and a small set of movie makes a series have a good experience for the audience, who hear the buzz of conversation (always showing the brain of Sanders in a single step ahead of bad people), without realizing the obvious defects of the plot. All these secrets have a defect due to the fact that even the best authors of the type can not avoid repeating old ideas over and over again and again. This time when that happened is one time he confessed his love to Barrie, which he knew for a long time. Shortly after trying to protect him from the police. But if the film was related to the identity of a criminal offender, it became clear that this man was made very good because he deserved to be an extraordinary expert (ie, the script hid him as a little suspect). </ <Barrie is after evidence that her father (who died in prison) had been organized by real criminals in the gang. He has several people helping his mugs like William Gargan - and gets advice from a member on planning burglaries of shame that cannot be closed. The D.A. who took his father (Jerome Cowan) decided to find Barrie and his group. The only investigator who seems to have the opportunity to resolve the case is Jonathan Hale, who is a shadow of Sanders but is working to work with him. Release is a good time in the script - Hale (currently on a special diet) is tempted to eat a rich lobster animal made by Sanders and Willie Best. He gets a very large stomach as a result, and enables Sanders and Barrie to run the Sanders floor. Better has a reminder (when he feels good) to go to the area where Sanders told him to go at a certain time. There is also an interesting role for Gilbert Emery. They usually play with respectable people (like a man hit in the two countries) makes social weakness here - whose destruction is remembered to be a character in the movie Bogart. Overall films made well for the second half of the movie bill in 1939. It will attract them even if it does not remain in your memory.
