"Gespenster" The question of cooling in German films is / is NOT a lot of German films over the last ten years, which has been very popular with me. Yes, the problem of many German films is in this film "Gespenster" also. He is in some places that are not available to be good to see. Specific image of Toni (Sabine Timento) is very cool. But that's in German films always. Everyone should learn this coolneß - it's authenticity in these films. That's hard to understand. But in this case it makes sense, because she steals and she lies - she is a kind of girl is better you never love, because you lose. That's not clear to another girl I have in this film. He loves him - and he would lose. But Nina lost everything. He will have a soft feeling and a sad feeling. There is no way - but you must put Herbert Achterbusch said for twenty years. That is often the way in the German films. Why? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not in the community rules - it's out - and there they have no chance. These films are not trying everywhere to give them a place inside. That's one of the problems - a stupid break and gatherings - the idea of ​​crime. Give us all - and go anywhere! But the actor plays this very difficult game. On the other hand - there are parents - who are pendant for two girls. They have a car - a suite of hotels - they have money and live on earth with opera music. But the film has always stood off to be seen. There is not much information about them. <br /> <br /> In the middle of this film, there is one place that you never forget. Two girls were beaten. And there they should say how they get together. In this area Toni will fall. He said a wonderful story-not associated with him. And then I'm going to tell the truth. He said in an introduction. There is no exhibition in it. He looks down and says what will happen to here. That's a good time. In the next area of ​​the party and the red photos this feeling continues - more than Toni goes ... But there was a time - when something else appeared - and this time it was important. He is more than German coolneß - and this time it is common in German movies at this time!
