"Gespenster" (2005), with "Yella" (2007), and "Jerichow" (2008), Gespenster-trilogy of Christian Petzold director, of course one of the creme-De-la-creme's directors Our time. Overall, "Gespenster" tells the story of a French woman whose daughter has been arrested as a 3-year-old mother when she turned her head for 1 minute in Berlin - and has never been seen forever. Since then, the mother continues to travel to Berlin whenever there is a possibility and search, with the help of photography for a while, for the age-old girls of her age. As we heard later in the movie, the mother was already often convinced that she had found her daughter Marie. However, this time, when she meets Nina, everything is very different. <br /> <br /> Movie does not bring solutions, even the parts of the solution, and therefore, rather than despair. We cannot get the equipment to decide whether the mother is mad or not, if her real daughter is still alive or not. The terrible disappointment is the end. After what we have seen in the movie, it is an emphasis on the player that he is allowed if the author comes out of Nina alone. Walking easily implies that nothing has changed, it can have a significant impact on dramaturgy (eg in "Umberto D."), but in "Gespenster", it is evolved. Since critics have been emphasizing Freudian's intentions in this film, I would like to give my own test: why is it that the same people do not know someone else, especially not the people that someone else knows? This is a false, compatible question, with the logic of Aristoteli's logic, according to the concept of the person he has. That person is such a person who does not share all of his qualities with anyone else. Thus, Aristoteli's answer to my question is: They do not know because they resemble them for fresh change. Everyone who is not insane, believes that. However, what about the case if these same people share some similarities that are impossible to change, e.g. scarfs on the left side of the foot or the birth color of the heart under the right foot of the shoulder? This is a romantic environment in which this movie is done, although I don't know if even the director has discovered that. Despite our modern world of Aristoteli, superstition, it has been preserved in human stories all over the world that the same people also share their private parts, and that selfishness, not something wrong, but separates, so that the boundaries between people are clear, such as The same believe it builds a strong nail sign of the novel despite our useless ideas - the source of Gespenster's very interesting variety.
