This is not a focus on Holocaust but it is a close story about events that took place on the Berlin road and some of the people involved. The film begins at this time in New York City where Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) has mourned the death of her husband and all her family gathered. Ruth Ruth's daughter (Maria Schrader) learns slowly that her mother was raised by Aryan woman named Lena Fischer (Doris Schade) and so she travels to Germany and sets 90 years of age who tells her about Rosenstrasse. SPAILER ***** <br /> Lena talks about Berlin in 1943 where the Gestapo could hold all Jewish partners in the Rosenstrasse Street building although they should have protection for being married to Aryans and for nine days a group of women could wait out and shout for release. Eight-year-old Ruth (Svea Lohde) is waiting for her mother to come out and has no place to go but meets Lena (33-year-old Katja Riemann) who takes her. Lena Fabian's husband (Martin Feifel) also tries to cooperate with Nazi officials to make them do something. This film is directed by Margarethe von Trotta who is making her first film about 10 years after working on television and this time it is not clear of her efforts to further stimulate one of the most directors of honor in Europe. This is not one of the Nazi films that we see the evil acts of humanity to the Jews though we see a severe treatment given but instead it is more than just voting for a small event that meant life and death for the people involved. This film does not attempt to accuse anyone or open a debate debate on the situation but what they want to do is just stop on the occasion of a small but real-life experience that occurred during history. Part of the film's power comes from its executives and there is a good exhibition that shines especially with Riemann and young Lohde and it is very good to see Schrader (Aimee & Jaguar) in an important role. This is not a good film or something that changes your attitude towards WWII but considering that innocent people were killed because of the events that happened I think the only reason is necessary to record this true story.
