Another little piece of the great Holocaust puzzle has turned over this docudrama about Rosenstrasse Protest in Berlin, an event that I was not aware of, started in late February 1943. The information has not been made in the following option for this review. <br /> <br /> The film's story puts the story of this demonstration into another modern story starting in New York City, at the moment. Here well, a non-Jewish woman, whose husband is just dead, accuses her children and others by emphasizing the mourning of pride. He goes even further, wanting to be a girlfriend of his non-Jewish daughter to leave home. The girl with difficulty, Hannah (Maria Schrader) is learning for the first time from the old cousin that during WWII, in Berlin, her mother, then 8 years old, had been taken up and protected by her Aryan woman. Hannah loses everything, goes to Berlin, and finds this woman, Lena Fischer, now 90. Hannah persuades the woman to tell her story. It all also seems to be pat. Films after this improves, taking into account the long-term events of 1943 that surrounds the protests, which the central fictitious behavior is similar to Ms Fischer at 33 (very well played by Katja Riemann), The piano player who was married to Fabian (Martin Feifel), a Jewish violinist of the group, one of the people in the village of Rosenstrasse. The current return to regular and also end up New York City again. While current events are full of color, the events of 1943 are squeezed out, powerful on the colors of the colors of the colors of the colors of the color paints of the colors of the colors of the colors of the color paints color paint. in Germany and the trend of Margarethe von Trotta, a famous German movie star, a former actress. <br /> <br /> The story of the demonstration is only told. Only one feature that is helpful that will help: the text of the text at the end that shows the end result for those imprisoned in Rosenstrasse, the results that were, as the bottom make it clear, very good. <br /> <br> "Rosenstrasse" did not work well with the views of many film critics. For a very long time, without neglect without help, the purveyor of gender, manipulative views and music: so go to normal raps. It's too long. But I have seen in this film a strong, powerful, powerful and highly influential voice of protests from women looking out at the Rosenstrasse area where their Jewish relatives and others were bound. I have not seen anything shade, modern or deceptive in this manifestation. The lack of strong violence (no one is shot or otherwise physically disrupted) increased my tension, which increased sharply as the film continued. You are still waiting for the evil attack to start any minute. The film shocked me later. I woke up a lot later that night when I saw the film, my best ideas, good, dirty and the impressions of the film. For me, that happens rarely. (In German and English). My rating: 8/10 (B +). (Appearance on 05/31/05). If you would like to read more of my comments, send me a message for directions on my sites. <br /> <br /> Add: Rosenstrasse Protest: Departed from their forced labor in what was supposed to be the End of Roundup in the national capital, 1700 to 2000 Jews, especially married men and non-Jewish women, were held in Rosenstrasse 2 -4, the welfare office of the Jewish community in the center of Berlin. The Jews had German brothers, many of whom were very close together, Adolf Eichmann hoped that separating them from other prisoners would persuade family members that their loved ones were being sent to work camps instead of many areas of evil in Poland. Typically, those who were arrested remained under guard for just two days before they were loaded on Eastern trains. But before the deportation of the detainees may occur in the case, his wife and other relatives found the wind of what happened and appeared on the Rosenstrasse address, first for those with two, and then in growing numbers. <br /> <br /> Perhaps as many as six thousand participated in the protest, although not all at the same time. Women sought their husbands, day after day, for a week. The unarmed, uneducated, and without a leader, faced the most brutal power obtained by the third Reich. Joseph Goebbels, Gauleiter (governor of the governor or district) of Berlin, worried that the city was a citizen. sanctification, also was the national administrator. Because both were concerned about the possible consequences of women's actions. Instead of inviting a more openly challenge to beat women down the street and fear of threatening the mystery of "Final Solution," Goebbels and Hitler's competition gave prisoners of Rosenstrasse and even ordered to return twenty-five of them already sent to Auschwitz! With Hitler and all Goebbels, the decision was only a move to avoid. But they were wrong. Almost all those released from Rosenstrasse survived the war. Women won winning over the power of destruction. (Based on a newsletter sent to the University of South Florida University, "Genocide instructor guide.")
