I am always wondering how often you will see something about World War 2 on the German national television. You might think they don't like to open old wounds, but no week goes without a document or movie about the fear and evil of this war. Perhaps it is a way to deal with their old things, I don't know, but you are sure they can't blame you for ignoring what happened. And it is said: many of these documents are very important to look for because they do not try to overcome the reality and the same can say about their movies (think for example about "Der Untergang" or "Limitations" if you can now) which is also true. One of those movies is "Rosenstrasse". It describes a true story and deals with the issue of marital confusion during the war, although the movie begins with the family in the United States, for the present day. After Hannah's father died, her mother suddenly became a Jewish Jew even though she was not very religious before. She does not know where her mother's strange behavior comes from, but starting to dig in her mother's mother, Anna understands how little she knew about her mother's past. This movie deals with the issue of marriage mixed during Nazi rule is already amazing. As I knew, there was no other film related to this issue. (For those who did not know this yet: Getting married to a so-called Aryian woman or a woman meant to many Jews that they were not sent immediately to a camp camp, but that they had to work in the factory). But it does not just say something about the marital problems of mixed marriages, it also gives a good idea of ​​how these people were often seen by their parents and relatives. It is sometimes difficult for them during the Nazi regime and how these people, often women, did everything in their ability to redeem their husbands, once they were caught and imprisoned for example Rosenstrasse ... </> <br /> Acting is very good and the story is very well written, although the way presented at the beginning did not really make me (and that's the only part that you will be able to see the trailer). Maybe it's just me, but I'd like to leave a big part of what is happening in the present day. At least a place that is located in the United States, because the place where Hannah goes to Berlin and speaks to someone who knows more about her mother's past, it certainly works. If you are interested in everything has something to do with World War II, and if you don't want to look at more shots, than this is definitely a movie you should see. This is not a film that you will see any war or war, but it is certainly a fascinating movie, because it gives you an idea of ​​only a bit of known war. I offer 8/10.
