In Rosenstrasse, Margarethe von Trotta combines two stories to create a powerful tapestry of love and courage. The film shows a series of family mix between mother and daughter, and the story of German women who made protests on Rosenstrasse to rescue their Jewish men from certain damage. In addition to the historical events, the focus of the film is on saving the child from Holocaust and Germany and the result of the child's experience of losing his mother. While Mrs. Trotta shows that the small number of Germans made a difference, it does not use the German society. In fact, he shows how the center of suffering and destruction, the rich artists and the elite of the German society advanced on their lives and parties, do not know the suffering. Rosenstrasse opens New York as a Hebrew widow Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) decides to stay in Shiva, a seven-day mourning period after the funeral which the Jewish family cares so much to remember and mourn the dead. When his daughter Hannah (Maria Schrader), refused to make a call from his wife Luis (Fedja van Huet), a non-Jew, Hannah asks why her mother has refused to follow the Orthodox tradition that she has previously refused. When Ruth refuses to reject her cousin, Hannah asks and learn about a woman named Lena who took Ruth as a child when the second mother was expelled and killed by the Nazis, and promised to get Lena and to discover her mother's secrets to her efforts. Lena (Doris Schade), who is now ninety years old, is arguing with her that she is a journalist doing some research on the Holocaust. Because of her memorable memory, Lena tells her story of how, like a 33-year-old woman (Katja Reimann), she sought her husband, a Jewish piano player Fabian Israel Fischer (Martin Feifel), who lost and was thought to have been bound for normal protection Jews in mixed marriage. Lena, for the good performance of Reimann, finds that her husband and other Jews are bound to imprisonment in an old factory at Rosenstrasse. Standing together on a cold night, German women whose husband does not have a meeting outside the building, their number grows every day up to a thousand thousand shouting "Throw our husbands". Lena finds Ruth (Svea Lohde), a little girl who is in the building. He takes care of her, to protect her from Gestapo and raise her after her mother was killed. Lena comes from the German historic family and her brother, recently returned from Stalingrad, is a Wehrmacht officer. After refusing help from her father for freeing her Fabian she helps her brother who says to her colleague, "I know what they are doing to the Jews." As a result of her support, she is confident to approve the way and go up where her beauty and charm proves to the Minister for Culture, Joseph Goebbels, a well-known woman, although this part of the film conversion has been criticized as perverted by protesters The women, it is a historical fact that Goebbels was very active in making decisions affecting Rosenstrasse. Margarethe von Trotta, activist, woman, and mentally, not a stranger to a political game.He led the film about Socialist Rosa Luxemburg and Marianne and Julianne, the story of The relationship between the two sisters, one of whom finds political violence to achieve its independence goals. In Rosenstrasse, the film she worked for eight years, had to make compromises, adding the current false element to produce her film. well is the tax for the art of Ms von Trotta and beautiful pictures of Pamela Katz whose father was mk from the Leipzig. Rosenstrasse events give the Germans false, who say, "there was nothing we could do". Now von Trotta has shown the opposite to be true, that something can be done to resist the Nazis. It is sad that the model has not found.
