The born of Berlin in 1942 Margarethe von Trotta was an actor and is now a very important director and author. He is described, perhaps even a picture of help, as a director whose promise to bring a woman's understanding to the screen exceeds her artistic ability. "Rosenstrasse," which has found a mixed and amazing review (The New York Times was one of the worst reviews I have ever read on that paper) is not a perfect film. It is a good film and guarantees a rare partnership of successful opposition to the Nazi regime and, of all people, Germans who are not able to show street. Rosenstrasse real in the situation of finding a young woman for information about her mother's life never revealed as a child in the German capital during World War II. Ruth Weinstein's husband (Jutta Lampe) has died and in a mysterious Jewish Jewish life which appears even now for a long time shortage, Ruth is not a "shiva" (weekly mourning of the Jews) but insists on following the details a brief of his faith. His apartment in New York City shows the well-being of his deceased partner's work. His brother, born in America, Hannah (Maria Schrader) and his brother have been taken away from the mother-in-law of the Jewish practice of barrier but comes in. Mother denies the presence of Hannah, who is not a Jew named Luis (Fedja van Huet). The internal dispute can burst as Ruth warns that he will deny Hannah if he does not know to vote, Luis is good. Continue. The brother comes to pay respect and it also reduces the symptoms of Hannah with a feeling about the mystery of the war on motherhood in Berlin. Hannah is fascinated - she asks her mother who refuses to discuss that part of her life. This is very true. I grew up with parents who fled Germany to Germany for a while and I knew many children whose families, usually, in part, escaped the rebellion. Those days are not discussed. <br /> So, Hannah, after learning that a beautiful German woman survived Ruth's life, her way to Berlin is hoping to find a savior while breathing. Isn't he, this would be a very short film. But Ruth, pretending to be a historian, puts Lena Fischer, aged 90 (Doris Schade), who is now a widow. As a happy-to-be interviewed but struggled with the revised memories Lena tells her story, a change of events that are clear between Berlin today and the time of war. Lena's 1943 (Katja Riemann) was a good pianist married to the Jewish violinist, Fabian Fischer (Martin Feifel). By the coming of the Nazi regime it was necessary to use "Israel" as the middle name as the Jewish women needed to add "Sarah" to their names (usually I want IMDb not to give the name of Fabian on the list of characters and "Israel" included - continues only the name used by the Nazis as a symbol of classification and destruction). While Germany drove a large number of Jews into concentration camps, those married to "Aryans" were allowed. For a while. Until 1943 when the government decided to take them too (many were men, few were Jewish women married to non-Jews). The roundup shown here in all its awesome power. Lena is trying to find her husband. Her and many other women know that they are locked up in the Rosenstrasse building. The crowd of skeptical women builds, seeking to seek help from German officials who predict relief and also harass them with words ("Jewish romanticism" being the same name). Like Lena or the youngest who accepts Ruth, who is eight years old when her mother was arrested (remember, Ruth is now seated in Manhattan). The baby Ruth is named by Svea Lohde. Through the angry protests the women finally won. Men, and a few women, are given. As in the real story of the Nazis released, one of the rare, very close when the madness agreed to fail in their homicidal agenda (another was the abolition of euthanasia campaigns in order to remove the Reich's defective mind and chronic invalids but that's another story). Von Trotta builds tension with each woman's story is personal and common. Hannah continues to convince Lena, who collects, begins to accuse her that she is not dealing with an ordinary historian but instead of someone who has to learn about the saved girl, a child whose mother was murdered. The difference between Rosenstrasse of 1943, set, and the road today in a garden garden, built, interconnected provides a regular feature. Today's Berlin carries the heritage but not the old scars. Von Trotta makes that step very well. Headers are very interesting. Lena's husband has also been shown as a supporter in the trap of imprisonment and the possibility of expulsion (which is shown to be well understood by all the characters - including local and military police - as a one-way trip carefully). The old Ruth is a compulsory incentive to deal with demons for a long time in her happy life in New York. Hannah is widely believed as a young woman whose father's death causes a need to discover her family. These things happen (although the Times striker does not know that). The Von Trotta Hand is sure but not perfect. The Goebbels area of ​​the soiree that enjoyed the play of violin Lena is a must and varied. The view that he can sleep with the minister of propaganda, a high-level Hitler high-ranking, to save her husband is preventing from the remarkable achievements of their performances and their marriage. Many German officials come from the center and are made by Erich von Stroheim "copy and set" the school of Teutonic destruction. But that is understandable. Rosenstrasse's story has become a matter of books and articles and some say it is a fancy case that they say that many Jews could be saved had many Germans witnessed. Unfortunately the argument is useless. German women who took Rosenstrasse were deep and understandable independently. The majority of Germans were found on the line between the fight against Islam and revenge. That is why Rosenstrasse's protests were close. If someone buys or rejects the Goldenhagen thesis which many Germans were already collaborators of real killers can not only be denied that before Nazi anti-Semitism decreased in the viral circulation since 1933. Lena-aged says that what was accomplished by women was "light of light" during evil. Most of the men and women who came out of the camp near death were saved. So the "light of the light" was a film of Trotta's banner to show that some people were saved by the courage of ordinary women and for every life they were saved in the ceremony. And it always will be. <br /> <br /> 9/10
