This was another wonderful film of Berlin. But unlike "Yes", and Sally Potter, which I had seen a few days before, after I had left the movies I felt a strong desire to accept the whole world and was just happy to be alive, while something else happened: there was something that took me down , and the air suddenly felt cold and hard to breathe. It was like, all of a sudden, nothing left, all hopes, every day was taken in place of the dead. Nina's life seemed to be lost and locked, but then, one good day, it seems that the kind of light that opens up and makes her believe in fulfilling her dreams. There was no one on his side but suddenly he found a friend, out of nothing, someone who was able to share the most secret feelings of his life. The man was Toni, a girl who does not seem to have any roots, like himself. But the name of the film is "Spirit", and ghosts appear and disappear as they want, no way to save them? The Spirit also represents the hidden mysteries of the people, the mysterious ideas that take your mind and know it alone, to hide away from all other people. Françoise, a French woman, is a victim of such ghosts. She had lost her daughter in Berlin, who seems to have been taken from her in the supermarket, just for one time not listening. Now when it is over, and Françoise has returned to Berlin, she still wants the child to be lost. I can be that child, after all that has the same scope on his waist and the heartbeat of the heart of his shoulder that appears to prove his true identity. And Nina takes that idea, after all she is not just for the need of an adult, she also longed for the mother. But finally she is empty, Toni is lost by a man, and her mother is counted back to be a sick woman. "Marie is dead," concludes the husband of Françoise, and the statement could not be worse. I am only "niña", a girl without name, no hope of any fulfillment of God. No Marie in this world will accompany our lives alone. So, at the end, we see Nina alone, on a road walk in front of him, in the future that seems to be unhappy and uncertain.
