I do not think that many films (especially comedies) have added uninvited talks, proposed as MOONSTRUCK. I will not show you - you can see a long list of quotes on this thread - but any film that can make lessons like the protection of the use of large copper copper instead of copper for pipes in memorable memory is amazing to me. It's not the only line that appears and makes a mark on our memory. What? It is about a restaurant minister who is proud of the proposed marriage proposals because it will mean losing the old bachelor client? Or good, old boy fancier boy to encourage his laundry pack when he a month? Or Perry (John Mahoney's) details of the youth's promise of "moonlight in martini" (my favorite line) <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is a good example of a brilliant script, the first dimension, and good ensemble The cast that fits perfectly. There are other examples (drama THE OX-BOW INCIDENT is another example, but it's bad). Cher, Olympic Dukakis, Vincent Gardenia, Nicholas Cage, John Mahoney, and Danny Aiello are all involved in the plots and purpose of the cross that explores the nature of love, and how to handle it. Is it a good thing to be absolutely love? Cher and Cage, at the end, seem to think of it, but Dukakis knows that real love causes an individual (and Cage gets a bit to realize this too, when he and Cher say out of his home after returning from the La Boheme opera). Is honesty and men a way to escape death thoughts? Dukakis believes so, and (odd - even though he doesn't believe) Aiello. The possibility suggests loyalty - Dukakis realizes the early behavior of Gardenia is bound to trust, and Cher is banned in Gardenia and her partner in opera (but Gardenia also stumbles with Cher's for Aiello). But space also causes misunderstandings: Fyodor Chaliapin reminds Dukakis going with John Mahoney and thinks he has something. <br /> <br /> There is a very good time in the film too. Cher look about the flowering flowers receiving one. He hears the move in the liquor store and is a resolution. But better is the Louis Guss and Julie Bovasso sequence as Cher's uncle and aunt Raymond and Rita Cappomaggi and Rita's pleasant and kind comments for Raymond about the effects of the moon. It's the best time for the whole film. <br /> <br /> It's close to a non-form film. After seeing it several times over the years I can get two points that don't seem smooth if they should be. When Cher is in Cage's bread, his assistant Chrissy (Nada Despotovich) says how she is secretly loving with Cage, but she is afraid to tell him. Earlier he was limited to Cher, who poured him in a hurry. However, nothing seems to be done with this competition. At the same time, the fact that Cher fails to give her uncle and the daily benefits of aunt's business is brought in a short time in the seven-minute film - but quickly dropped. Was there a plot of conspiracy that had fallen, more than one about Cher and Vincent Gardenia who work in a homeless homestead as money? It's a little pain, but I think it's just about the desire to see more of this film because it is very good.
