This movie is still a favorite at all. Just a proud, unpleasant thing is not good to enjoy this amazing film. This movie feels like a piece of warm pie of apple prepared by the French vanilla cream! I think this is the best work of Cher ever with its most reliable performance. Cher has always been blessed with charisma, beautiful, and thin figures. If you like to sing or not - who else looks like Cher? Cher has definitely provoke a mark in the entertainment industry and will remember long after others come and go. He is one of the most unique artists there. It's funny, because who could imagine Cher as an ordinary talented actress? He is heads over the so-called "stars" of today. Cher is an actual actor at the same level as Debra Winger, Alfre Woodard, Holly Hunter, Angela Bassett and a few others, for she never seems to be "acting," she really becomes a lobby character. He has more to gain the respect of his colleagues and filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Everything about Moonstruck is amazing - characters, settings, conversation, food. I've never been tired of watching this film. Every time I will look at the place where all are sitting next to the dinner home at Rose's home, I leave the village to see what food the Rose Rose is serving. I saw spaghetti, mushrooms (I think), but I can't do if they eat ravioli, is it? What is the main course? It looks wonderful and my car nuts! Everyone in the family was a very active and respectful person. Grandpa was not pushing aside and tolerated, he was an important part of the family and was heard and respected for his age and wisdom. He seemed to be very good, an old old man as well. Loret's mother is not just “the mother of the house,” was a glue that made the family together and was a typical example of the wife, mother, and home manager should be eager to be. He was proud of the life he had chosen but he did not allow to define who it was. Strong traders are not as good as the Rose Casterini leather. See how saucy said "I had no children until after I was 37 years old. It's not over." It means that she was a kind of little woman who did exactly as she liked and got her way without anyone knowing what had happened. She was very attractive, very fast, and very intelligent. What a good mother! <br /> <br /> I wasn't like Loretta once because she seemed like a bit of know-all-who didn't really like adventurous and like in controlling herself if she wanted others to think. He can tell others about themselves and where they went wrong, but he didn't have a common meaning for his own life. She went to marry only a middle-aged mother because she wanted a husband and a sense of identity and purpose for her life. She was more common than her own mother. He wore and wore his hair as a matron in the detention house and appeared to be worried and tired, but underneath you saw that he was vulnerable and alone and had a lot of love to give him a good man. He could end up making a good mother too. I was able to see later, the full house of Loretta and Ronnie great, blowing happy kids with Rose and Cosmo enjoying every minute.
