Loretta Castorini (Cher) is a 30-year-old woman, a widow who lives with her parents at a duplex apartment in Brooklyn. She deserves to marry Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello), a bland man, more than a resignation job than real love. Before their wedding Johnny takes a trip to visit his sick mother and leaves Loretta to play the olive leaf along with her brother Ronny for informing their future wedding. Ronny (Nicholas Cage) did not forgive Johnny for the cause of his accident that led to a loss of hand (and later, his-grandmother-to-be), but falls to Loretta, and diligently. After the hot situation Loretta out of respect for Johnny tries to escape Ronny, but it seems to be dark and the most powerful heroes. At the same time, Loretta Rose Castorini (Olimia Dukakis) is not only to blame her husband Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia), but she is also interesting to a college professor and wonders why men are expelling women. Things become complicated when Johnny returns from Sicily to Loretta not being married. <br /> <br /> Introducing is a clean sitcom, but a story, written by John Patrick Shanley for a comprehensive understanding of Italian-Americans living in New York, is true: it gets idiosyncrasies of these people with their daily injustice and quirks , and all the characters have a detailed romanticism that comes at a critical moment in the story. Loretta, a distressed character and the loss of her husband and knowing his joys are small, it happens slowly as a woman who has suddenly been destroyed by the love of the La Boheme heroine - who accepts the love of a man with a wooden hand (in female sex change). , and Cher shares the role and does it and in its own way makes its business a deep and dark beauty. Ronny is a hot fire and Nicholas Cage leaves the power of masculine if he would be giving Marlon Brando. Castorini and Cappomaggi, reconciled with the middle couple, two show their love for each other at two very important moments: the last couple, the full month of the month when Loretta and Ronny lost their status - an area that shows love and friendship among the elderly - and the old for a short time on breakfast when Rose clearly showed, touching the words, that she wants Cosmo to see her grandmother Mona (Anita Gillette). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is not just a romantic comedy and movie date of choice, but also a good observation of love and passion among ordinary people. Finally it is a powerful tour of emotional impact, the family situation goes beyond the short-term problems of strengthening in the return days of migrants, and it is one that raises this movie to be just a film to feel good on the classic. MOONSTRUCK deserved to have its Oscars of Good Writing, Masters, and Executive Assistant, and has shown growing over its time.
