I am usually sucker for romantic movies that have been done well and done well. This is a romantic film (period) set in the Italian 17th century, but it has been done in French and English heads. The fact that it is a film period means that it can be faster than a modern film, so it will have some. If you can stop that fact, it is really a very good film. The beauty, clothing, and movies are good, and the main actors and actors are very big in their exhibition, showing the magnitude of feelings developing through the plot. The story is like a sad story of love and an unhappy end. It is easy to believe that this is a real picture of real life characters. Despite the fact that I was greatly transferred by the main characters and stories, I decided to explore the legitimacy of the story and know that the main theme of the story of the movie - that of the story of unlocked love - was completely made. In the real life, Artemisia was raped by Tassi at first, rather than devoted to his voluntary and passionately developed as a movie shown. He continued to have sexual relations with her only because he had promised to marry regularly. While they were in court, he had not * confessed the guilt of rape due to the mercy of Artemisia's suffering (unlike what the film shows). In fact, he had tried to show Artemis as a wicked woman, a prostitute who had sexual desires. In the movie, her sister witnessed to the court that Tassi had a wife and made sexual relations with her sister-in-law, and Tassi's behavior was always seen as if her sister had insulted her about her claim to a sister-in-law (though he agrees to have a wife in Florence). Without saying, it really isn't as much as it is. In fact, far from it. Tassi was responsible for the murder of his wife, who gave birth to her from rape. In addition to that, Tassi had sexual relations with his sister-in-law, involving him in the process, but all this was not right together - again, he had asked his sister-in-law before. At the moment we have a clear picture of the real Tassi as a sexual offender, what do we do with Artemisia's image of being a partner? We take it as an attempt to make this film a romantic film ... that this film has never been the correct historical accuracy ... In addition to these points mentioned, there were other histories such as its Artemisia Art (in real life) , he was never seriously affected by the style of Tassi painting, and was actually considered to be the best artist than Tassi was ever present.) One thing is going on with the fact that Artemisia Gentichi is known as the first artist of history, and although his art defeated most of her husband, had trouble always getting enough credit for her work because of her gender as a woman, the 17th century of Italy. This film for himself, for it is a beautiful romantic drama, but take its historical references to salt grains.
