Rock solid giallo from the master filmmaker type, Sergio Martino. Made from fantastic screens with Ernesto Gestaldi, this amazing mystery often continues to be exciting to the end to the most bright end that many can't see coming in all the film. It is when everything fails to enter, "Ahh." The film refers to talking to a husband (.. in the airplane explosion) and a million dollar wife gets from. There are those who have a great interest in the money, one that is actually the grandmother of the dead. The wife is Lisa (Ida Galli) and grandmother claiming half of the money is Lara (Janine Reynaud). She tells Lisa she knows that death was planned and she will get insurance money. Lara says he will use his "lawyer", Sharif (Luis Barboo) to get the money. Therefore, the film accuses two suspects of being executed after the murder of Lisa, who is waiting for someone in Tokyo. George Hilton shows Peter Lynch. Peter works for a company that monitors those who receive an inheritance to see if the day of pay was gathered under amazing ways. When, at his eyes, Lisa is killed by a man wearing a head to toe in black in a hotel room, he is a suspect who can. He decides to do his own investigation, also helping Inspector Stavros (Luigi Pistilli) and Interpol agent, Benton (Tom Felleghy) on their efforts to find a killer. The killer kills them several times to remove anyone around them around a million dollars lost by the Lisa's murder. Recently, the film follows journalist, Cléo Dupont (flavor, luscious Anita Strindberg) as he and Peter meet for dinner where he could try and beat anything that could break the story for him. Soon it falls deeply in love, but it seems like anyone around Peter is killed. Recently a person will attack Cléo with the intention to kill which pushes further investigations into an unpublished area. Why would anyone want to harm the journalist without real facts in order to destroy someone who kills people? <br /> <br /> This is cunning and exciting to follow. The film is not very good that is so amazing since it happens to open the question of the killer's identity. This film follows a gialli way with a knife slashings because of a particular image killer has taken (throat and under torso). The conclusion of the film ends up in all that is insufficient and quite satisfying. The film has unique camera alarms, but offers products based on the plot and secret implementation.
