Sergio Martino has recently impressed me with his Giallo 'The Strange Vice's Wardh Vice Team and an amazing name,' Your vice is a locked room and I just have a feature '- but, however, I didn't have much expectation from this film. The Scorpion Tail inquiry was not mentioned as the above mentioned titles of Giallo - but I don't know why, because this is at least as good as two! Dario Argento can be a 'king' of Giallo, but for five films that he made - Sergio Martino is certainly not too back. In some way, it even passes beyond the master. All Martino films were given before the stone in Argento's crown, Profondo Rosso's greatest, so back behind seventy years - Martino was king! The program here follows the idea of ​​killing for profit, and follows the insurance of the rich person. His wife earns $ 1 million, and not long before people out with her blood! When he returns briefly afterwards, an insurer and an interesting journalist attracted, following the case. Scorpion's tail view cannot benefit from beautiful Edwige Fenech, but does not have two Martino Partners on the board. More than ever, George Hilton, who worked with Marino in the Ward Vish's Strange Vice and All Colors of the Dark, with a number of Giallos. Hilton has a great presence of screens, and every time I see him in Italian excitement; it becomes apparent why it is repeatedly thrown. Anita Strindberg, who will be remembered from your Vice Chamber is a closed room, a star with Hilton and provides a good female female leader of Giallo. Sergio Martino is doing a good job at the director of the director once again, with several positive events - the best that takes place in the room is beaten with green lights! Bruno Nicolai's (Wardh) mistakes are emotional, but it is a script which, once again, is the leading power behind the success of Martino. Ernesto Gastaldi, the author of Giallo's fourth of Martino, has put together a script that lasts while staying away from the common problem of Giallo's ignorance; thus liberating this film from other non-sex types. Scorpion's observation is the quality of the film Giallo, and yet another efficiency for Sergio Martino. If you like Giallo, you will love this!
