Sergio Martino's Scorpion Tail Case is a wonderful giallo since the beginning of the 70's heyday of that kind. The explosion on a plane gets one million dollars in insurance money for a dead but unbelieving wife. The money is taken by a black killer and a series of brutal murders follow. The Scorpion tail has a secret element, written by an expert giallo Ernesto Gastaldi, alike. But, being a giallo, the murder itself is memorable and well. In fact, the violence in this movie is very powerful in places - the area in which the broken bottle ever becomes graphic. The emphasis on violence undoubtedly influences the type of giallo to enter more and more districts. But like the best film in the form of cruelty they are faced with good symbols and interesting pictures. Music by Bruno Nicolai sometimes remembers the work of Ennio Morricone before the garden in The Bird and Crystal Plumage but also the power itself. Photography is supported by good use of foreign sites - in this case London and Athens - where Martino is able to enter, respectively, Parliament House and Acropolis! There is also a function of an effective, more efficient camera that uses the slow motion in the sequence where the woman runs towards the door where the maniac comes out. In this area of ​​Martino, the killer strikes the door with a knife in a way affected by the Crystal Symptoms of Dario Argento, however, it also has an attempt to free the latch killer opened with a sharp knife which is another future Argento in Suspiria. So Martino's film is powerful for its own right. <br /> <br /> This is a good idea that all fans of the type and abnormal people can understand. The exhibition is good and the production values ​​are good (although the aircraft explosion is, we'll say, a small amount of budget!). The DVD released by NoShame is good. It has an English and Italian language option which is a real bonus. However, it is important to mention that sometimes you need to be a quick reader to fully understand the English title choice. This applies to all movies and documents in excess. This is a small step though, the release of the DVD is to increase eligibility for any collection of a giallo.
