Sergio Martino is a good director, who has contributed much to the Italian cinema and, as far as I considered, Gialli from the 1970s is an unprecedented highlights in his amazing repertoire. "La Coda Dello Scorpione" aka. "The Scorpion Tale Case" of 1971 is one of these interesting Martino films has contributed to a small nature of Italian Horror nature, and other evidence that the man is the master of the sky, fashion and emphasis. My personal love of Martino films that I have seen so far is still brilliant "Be your Vice-Chamber is a closed room and I have a feature" of 1972, followed by "Torso" (1973) and "The Strange Vice Bi Wardh" (1971) , all that I personally like even more than this. That's a personal taste, however, as "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is the best film that is important for every fan of Italian Horror movies and insist on general. <br /> <br /> The film, which gives a lot of surprises since the beginning is a difficult and promising plot that begins with the amazing destruction of the millionaires who have died in a plane crash. Insurance observer Peter Lynch (George Hilton) is given a guarantee to confirm the situation in which the insurance company is derived from paying large amounts to the deceased wife. Recently after Lynch began to explore, one is brutally murdered, which is just the beginning of the series of murder ... The film is very disturbing since the beginning, the Bruno Nicolai symbols are brilliant, the plot is very amazing, and the identity of the killer is still a mystery even to the end. Regular Giallo-leading George Hilton gives again the best performance in the lead. Sexy Anita Strindberg is completely ravished in female leadership. It includes the great Luigi Pistilli, one of the most common Italian movies of 60 and 70 years, and Alberto De Mendoza, another good actor who should have experience with any Italian movie partner. Athens, where many films are done, is really a beautiful environment for Giallo. The atmosphere blows constantly, and photography is great, and the spectacular mark of Bruno Nicolai makes it even more stressed. Long-term story: "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is Giallo another outstanding from Sergio Martino and should be quite-look for any partner of small forms! Interesting, insist, and great for each side!
