I'm tempted to actually pay "Scorpion Tail Case" to a maximum of 10 out of 10, but so much so that because I think movies of the Italian's 1970s are much better than the cheesy crap I normally look at. But even without additional uncertainty, this is a real STILL of work and get a high score for his masterful story, unusual circumstances, bloodshed and good choices. In my humble opinion this is the truth of Sergio Martino, and that means something, like "Wonderful Vice President of the Wardh", "All Colors of the Dark", "Torso" and "Your Vice is closed Room with me" I just have the most important "it's all the success of the top type as well. But this film is just a little tad better with its ultra-compelling plot on fraud insurance gone madly out of control. Following the death of her husband in the airplane (!), Lisa Baumer immediately becomes the owner of a one-million-dollar dollar and she wants to leave the country as soon as possible. Because of the shocking situation, the insurance company puts their best observation on Peter Lynch on the case and follows him to Greece. There, Lisa becomes a target of many attacks and surprises of the case increases as many people turn on money. I am always very worried when shortening for galli's summary because I don't want to risk making things important to the plot. In "Scorpion Tail Case", events take a sudden and unexpected turn before the story is even half, and I really don't want to destroy this. Many red bones follow it, but Sergio Martino always succeeds to stay one step ahead of you and, even though not 100% satisfactory, the denouement is at least amazing. It is also a stylish film, with the work of creative cameras and best music by Bruno Nicolai. The favorite park of everyone Edwige Fenech oddly did not do it by cast (he star in less than three other Martino gialli), but Anita Strindberg ("Foot in Woman's Skin", "Who Know?") Is more eligible. instead of. Charismatic and hunky George Hilton is as reliable as always in its position of inspections and ?? duh ?? deluxe man of women. If you are a fan of giallo, do not wait as long as I did to watch this FILA!
