Joan Crawford had just started the "working girl" makes the "installment" power (1930). He did not try such a role before and critics were attracted. So when other actors were wondering why their work was based (because they were interacting with the characters who were "in" something a few years before but now they were going on) Joan was hearing the public and getting his life as long as an actress. Depression was here and children of jazz age who were saved on both sides of the parties were dirty. Of course, if you have been rich in prostitution but you are persecuted for it - that was good. This movie begins with an interesting house boat. Bonnie Jordan (Joan Crawford) is the most popular girl there - especially when she suggests that everyone will go swimming in their underwear! However, Bonnie's father with a heart attack, because of losing on the stock market, both Bonnie and his brother, Rodney (William Bakewell) know who their true friends are. After Bob Townsend (Lester Vail - Johnny Mack Brown's poor) offers to do "right thing" and marry her - they were sitting at night together when Bonnie announced (for abandoning) that she wanted love for consent - she started to show some character by deciding to get a job . <br /> <br /> He gets a job in the newspaper and quickly attracts his will to do well. Scranton (Cliff Edwards) and together are given the task of writing on the activities of the group. Rodney also wonders for information that also has a job. He is delighted but soon knows it bootlegging and he is mixed with the killer killer, Jake Luva (Clark Gable). Rodney testifies to many bullets and goes to pieces, "losing beans" to the first person who drinks on the bar - which happens to be Bert. So he has to kill Bert and after the ward goes to hide. The paper removes all attempts to find a Bert killer and sends Bonnie as a player in Jake's club. (Joan plays a very interesting dance for "Accordian Joe" - for Sylvie's resistance). The film ends with gun wars and as Rodney is sleeping, Bonnie's tears tears in her story. <br /> <br /> This is a great film with Crawford and Gable offer all of them. Natalie Moorehead, whom Sylvie participated in the famous "smoking area" and Gable at the beginning of the film, was a woman "another woman" who had appeared in thirty years. William Bakewell had a great job (he had started as a boy in the Douglas Fairbanks film in mid-20s). His many works though they were weak, non-spineless characters. In this film he played the weak brothers and was completely bound by Joan Crawford and a powerful Clark Gable guest - maybe that's why he was not a star. Highly recommended.
