Ahista Ahista is a little brilliant little. I began to look at it, and at first I was getting bored since pacing was slow and the main idea of ​​one boy met a lost girl is not true. But if the film went on, I began to get more and gradually cooperating with the film, amazing and romance text. The film was so simple and normal and over time I felt looking at the real life of one person. There is one very good reason for this film, and it is a new talent called Abhay Deol. He is very persuasive as an easy, kind and hard-working Ankush, whose new love motivates him to make a difference and fight for a better life. In all the films, he is offered as a badly prankster, but also as a person to help and love, who, like anyone else do anything to protect his love. Deol shows a different shade of its character, whether positive or negative, usually and easily. Shivam Nair's direction is very good. His livelihoods in the rural area are excellent, but what is more interesting is to show him Ankush's relationship with different people around him, including his friends and his love Megha who is willing to do anything. I also loved how the way of Nair described her cooperation with her great and grown mother who called her 'wait' (aunty). She likes to dismiss her things and get angry with every event, but we find that she lives in a very special place in her heart and is like a mother figure as confirmed in several cases. Except for Abhay, the rest did well. Although Soha Ali Khan was not standing with me, he was good and was happy with his mother. The players who played Ankush's friends were very good if they were an actor who played 'Ankush'. In addition to the exhibition, film writing was excellent. Talks were common but brilliant, and the script was also wonderful. That is especially because despite the recent story has not been destroyed or melodramatic and had no attempt to make it look bigger than life. The great film film was Uneshpiring music of Himesh Reshammiya which was not suitable for this film. Otherwise, Ahista Ahista was a pleasant look and it was better for every area. The concept may be new, but the film can look good and promotes the heart as the story goes. The end was tough, sad but still hopeful. In short, this film is growing rapidly, and this can be easily linked to the beautiful text, when moving, romance romantic, realistic process, and actually the performance of Abhay Deol does not remember.
