The story is about Ankush (Abhay Deol) - who is a witness of a professional marriage, for a short time he works as a witness to a couple in the marriage office - and Megha (Soha Ali Khan) who fled to Nainital's home in order to love love Dhiraj (Shayan Munshi). The story begins with Megha waiting for the registration office for Dhiraj to be shown but for some reason she does not show. So Ankush comes to the picture here, who was approaching Megha with the intention of getting Rs. 200 for his work of the Witness and finished helping him by providing accommodation. Ankush grows on his side by working in a bank like Agent ... Ankush likes for Megha and she also loves him (or kind of love), all agree with marriage and Dhiraj returns to the picture. An unexpected situation occurs, in fact I must say, the expected environments and unexpected effects and then .... It is true that the story of the film is different from the movies we see and I don't think it will be accepted by the masses but if you're a movie freak if I like to look something different, then you definitely like a movie. The movie is a story of innocent love written by the characters of Abhay Deol and Soha Ali Khan. The characters are so common that you feel like things happen to the second boy. The back of the film also has a very good role, it's just good. The way to Delhi seems to be very good and gives a new sense. <br /> <br /> then let's get and count it. <br /> <br /> Myths: A very common story is well adapted and replaced by a wonderful experience. Music: In fact, as he created the creation of Himesh Reshammiya, so I did not expect too much but I still loved several movie songs including Qawwali. Acting: Abhay Deol was very attractive, very original and innocent but should stay away from singing in songs. Soha Ali Khan, he is a doll, a very good doll I must say. No longer an innocence and nature and all these actors are most suitable in their characters. Apart from these two, Shayan Munshi needs acting lessons and can be a few of the oil to cover bones. Other workers did their job well. I would also like to give you 3.5 stars out of 5. You will enjoy the film if it appears on the theater, I would like to look at it at the theater if you are a movie genre and accept the most common stories. Otherwise wait DVD to arrive. The movie will certainly not be recommended by the citizen and the business can make it from the words of mouth broadcasting.
