The melodrama period is one of the first Griffith films of claustrophobic. The characters trapped inside the room is prevalent in his work and, as he went on time, he would be of the art in acting as their helplessness and involving their terrorist audience. In anonymous chat with the title Seal room there is one big difference to the common plot line, for there is really no escape. <br /> <br /> Griffith reaches the claustrophobic effect here in two ways. First is its use of space. When a short biograph size can use several or more sets, the Packing Room has only two rooms that connect? The court of the king and doves says that they are the grave of names. The layout setting in these shorts is rarely mentioned, but here it is important. The court is a major internal matter, with a deep sense of deep depth and show us a window with a staircase. Workers come in and leave from different directions, indicating that the room is not only spacious but also free and open. Unlike the pigeon cote of the back wall is very close to the camera, with the corners in it and recommend hexagonal or octagonal shape to make it more visible smaller. <br /> <br /> The second method on display here is cross cutting. Anyone who is interested in Griffith's work will probably know about its heavy use and development of crosses to create excitement or tension. Many will also know that in its entirety it is not its invention. However what makes the Griffith reduction ineffective is the way he makes the opposing pictures so they can complete. The room room has a good example of what I'm saying. The images of the shift shift heavy and slow bricks, gradually accelerating them, as well as the construction of tension as the wall gets high. This movement corresponds to the pictures of lovers blissfully do not know, where Marion Leonard tears off flower petals directly. Since couples are aware of their difficulty, their fears are increasingly being shot by the madly king to blow his sword against the wall. At this time, Griffith was still aware that the action could add more by introducing the third string to cut the cross. The "great-saved" rescue, here it is not, was later the usual peak for Griffith pictures.
