In 1909, D.W. Griffith had led the film to the Biography Company for a year, and ?? working at two or three times a week? he was beginning to develop his skills as a film manufacturer. 'Packing room' is very few 11 minutes, a fascinating piece of Gothic melodrama that even gets a little in the first place of fear. The simple story of the story is inspired by the 1846 short story of Edgar Allen Poe, "Cask of Amontillado," and involves a powerful king who finds a revenge of revenge for his wife's punishment. During the Middle Ages, the 'Packing Room' begins with the king (Arthur V. Johnson) to manage the building of the window room from the placements, the idea that he and his wife (Marion Leonard) will have a completely private place to enjoy of each other. He is very clear in love with him, always showing his love, this recent act of love of the crown of his love. However, without recognition of the king, his wife has fallen in love with the royal servant (Henry B. Walthall). During a romantic partnership in a built-in room, the wife and wife are discovered, and the broken king finds a way to get his punishment for the unidentified couple. He gently instructs his staff to close the door with a stone and limestone, descending slowly into a disgusting pot as every new stone is placed. <br /> <br /> D.W. Griffith always had an eye for an instant explanation, and 'The Room' is a very good example of this. Centuries of the Middle Ages provide credit for truth, and the interior of the castle seems to be true to be reliable. At the same time, the director was also a pioneer approach to building excitement, and I must admit that, as the film continued, I intend to find what will happen to innocent lovers. In the first minute, Griffith prevents his shots for a long time takes from a stationary camera (as was the usual time), but soon? parallel to the dark dark issue? he will change his editing techniques in an interesting way. Although it may not have developed the method, Griffith was important in expanding the use of "cross cutting"? that is, changing between different events occurring at the same time. Not only does it make a sense of continuity, but it also increases the level of doubt, since we, as listeners, are well aware, not only of the actions of the king, but also that the wife and husband do not know all. With this innovation, 'The Room' is experiencing many common shortcomings. The entire film is done in only two rooms, with a total number of three photos, and so it may be lighter and sometimes more enjoyable. Acting performances are highly recommended for additional effect, however, at least in the case of Arthur V. Johnson, his play actually contributed to the recognition of the widespread madness of the betrayed king. The time that I thought particularly effective was when two couples tried to leave the room, just to find their only door placed by a solid stone wall. Their tragic effects, coupled with the silent cackling of pride, serve very well to create a sense of absence of claustrophobia. I thought, however, that their supply of oxygen was exhausted in a hurry.
