After having a great fortune in selling his photos to the new film industry during the first decade of the 20th century, in 1908 D.W. Griffith got a job that could make him a story: he was employed by the Biography Company as a director of movies. Not really Griffith expected when he decided to enter the movie business, but he accepted the job, and less than a year he became the best director of Biograph due to his natural way of making movies and wild discoveries of his details. Years later, he would lead "the birth of the nation" in 1915, a movie that would change the film's choice and make him one of the first known authors of the movie; however, much of what makes him an advertiser for a good film can be found in many short films made by the Biograph Company in the early years of his career. 1909 "Cathedral Room" is one of these, and also one of the most horrific movies of the first century of the 20th century. Numbers (Arhtur V. Johnson) has built a window room in its castle. It is small but still very nice and very cozy room, as it is meant to be used to enjoy the love of his wife's company, Countess (Marion Leonard) in the most private way. However, Numbers does not know that his wife is unfaithful, as he is offended by Henry B. Walthall in the Court, who has something. As soon as Numbers gets the business with his own business, Countess calls the Bride and all lovers to enjoy the new room of Count. When the Count returns, he finds he is there and begins to denounce, finally discovering two lovers in his room; but instead of making a location, he chooses to remain confidential if he decides that there is a better penalty for his unbelieving wife: closing the window of the window with those inside. Written by an ordinary member of Griffiths Frank E. Woods, "Revelation Room" takes elements from Edgar Allan Poe of "Cask of Amontillado" and especially "Honorable De Deza" of "La Grande Breteche" "to create a Gothic-based melodrama with haunting based on false themes and injustice. Despite having a run of 11 minutes, Screenplay of the woods continues the story in a very good way, and it makes it very good for the horrible things of the story. During the heart music, Woods takes into account the nature of its calculation and sadness builds one of the best characters of this original age. "Packing Room" is definitely a very simple and basic story, but the handling of the woods of the dark and black theme of its plot makes the story a very entertaining film which was very different from many of the griffith melodramas. In the "plug-in", Griffith uses its talents to try and test in a different way than usual. While he often played with editing to create incredible attractions for his listeners, in this film his goal was to create desperation and fear, playing with a sense of claustrophobia origin that the source stories had. It is amazing how the story begins as one of its melodramas and slowly pacing becomes faster if the panic theme starts to lead the plot, and the end of its great use of editing for last events. It is not that a film where the camera technique is important, what shines most in the "closet room" is Griffith's talent to guide its executives, as a popular film player can bring the best from the casting of its normal way of being The staginess which was common in his day. As always, the cast there were ordinary participants of Griffith, starting with Arthur V. Johnson as Count. Johnson gives good performance and actually sends a transition of behavior from a man who loves to a sad monster. Its performance is not a touch-up, but it actually enhances the realities of the character of the character. As the Countess, Marion Leonard looks very beautiful and also does a very good job, with a natural charm that makes it hard not to sympathize with her in her deception. Finally, Henry B. Walthall, who seems to be a good girlfriend, and while away from being one of his best performances, can offer a practical skill that also adds a good touch to the comedy to the film. While it is not the importance of the plot, it is advisable to see other members of the company's griffith stock back, as his wife Linda Arvidson and the boy Mary Pickford as the Supreme Court. It is not exactly the masterpiece, "Catchment Room" is an editing function of editing to create forgiveness and tension like Griffith did on those days. The movie has a very good design and during the lowest budget, Griffith's service details makes it seem very persuasive and actively working with its leading style. The shift of panic shock makes the stand out among his films from then, and the performance of Johnson as Countistic offering makes it worth watching. While Griffith will always be remembered for its very interesting (and controversial) "National Birth", a short original film that made before giving a good idea of ​​the development of the technique and style that would make his story. Simple but elegant, "sealing room" is an enjoyable movie to watch and one of the few threats of the first ten years of the 20th century.
