P.O.W. Better. adventure, taken by Eric Williams from his own book (copy of karatasiback which is part of my father's library) which was led to real events; could be the first film of its kind and, therefore, has a lot to answer? not only the stem-top models such as ALBERT, R.N. (1953, which I will be looking at now), COLDITZ STORY (1955) and DANGER NA (1959) but the most advanced releases from the other side of the Atlantic, ie STALAG 17 (1953) and GREAT ESCAPE (1963). This, then, sets the basis for very clear: British soldiers who have entered the German camp plotting to avoid escape, borrow from a Greek story? run from under the vaulting horse used during physical exercise and with full view of their captors! In fact, the film has been divided into two halves: the first deals with the slow process of digging the tunnel, and achieving the escape itself, while the last steps show their luck outside the camp trying to make it Sweden. Typically these British films, show several performances (Today Genn), now (Anthony Steel) and up-and-come (Peter Finch, David Tomlinson and Bill Travers) star, do not mention the untrustworthy characters of character behavior (Anthony Dawson, Bryan Forbes, Michael Goodliffe and Walter Gotell). Three employees / saved are Genn, Steel and Tomlinson: when the first stick together, the end goes its own way ?? just run into others to achieve security. As far as possible, this story involves many doubts and excitement; as with P.O.W. more male. sagas, too, the female interests are kept at a minimum of barest. Director Lee did not have a long career? with this and the same (with all the changes to set and view) TOWN LIKE ALICE (1956) its most important achievements? but in fact he served every situation in this case (even if, reported, delaying in the filming he saw Lee giving his place before early? from the producer Ian Dalrymple with the task of connecting the ends of disappearing!). However, specific mention is a good lighting (especially during the nighttime routine) around.
