This is a true story of how three British soldiers escaped from the German Prisoner War camp (POW), Stalag Luft III, during the Second World War. This is the same POW camp which was the Great Escape area which led to the death of 50 Gestapo officials (and later made a very successful film of the same name). While the rest of the POW at Stalag Luft III are working on their three designs (known as Tom, Dick & Harry), two British prisoners coming in came up with the idea of ​​building a vaulting wooden horse. can be placed next to the wire fence of the compound, reducing the distance that will have tunnel from this point to the beginning to freedom. The idea of ​​building their Horse Horse Edition came when they were discussing the 'classic' experiments of the escape and taking some POWs to play leap-frog in the compound. <br /> <br /> Initially and one, and later two POWs are hidden inside, a wooden horse can be made inside a compound and placed in the same position, next to the fence, every day. When the volunteer POWS wore on the horse, the supporters were working on the horse with a hole in the bottom of the horse's horse and near the wire, under the wire, and inside the trees. The story also describes the dangers of two of the runaways of POWs experiencing a journey through Germany and occupied Europe after emerging from the tunnel. All three POWs who tried to escape really fled home (fled successfully at their home base.). The Wooden Horse offers a proper and realistic sense of tension and events around the POW. The movie was hit on the exact places along the way two POWs traveled in the escape. Designed by a much smaller budget than The Great Escape, The Wooden Horse is actually more like not more exciting than The Great Escape and never fails to keep you from the edge of your root chair for POWs to do well to escape. The story line is crisp and the acting rings are true and it gives enough to keep the tension to all the way through the movie. The Wooden Horse is based on the name of the survivor's name, Eric Williams, and for now, the best story of the POW escape has been made to be a film. Some real POWs were used in the film to restore their existence as prisoners in Stalag Luft III. I give this film well ten.
