SPOILERS Gender Sex? It is one part of human life. However, do we take too much emphasis? People always want more, even those who get daily, and if you are unlucky, it is likely to change life (create) results. People usually say we all begin to have sex at an early age and younger (although the Sisters are getting married and having children in their teenagers), so it should be more difficult for those who reach the stage as young. In the first screen of Steve Carell's screen, he plays a man who has found 40 without managing. Use us for incidents involving sex and countless sex, not to mention more dirt than the "Eurotrash" section, the plot of the film and the code is not funny. So it is a wonderful surprise that with all the wrong, unsuccessful jokes, there is a huge number of those who mark and leave the audience in anxiety. Andy Stitzer (Carell) is a good person with good work and good temperament. At the same time, however, it takes life seriously and after being invited to a poker game as a fifth member, Andy's friends find its secret. At the age of 40, Andy is still a virgin. Now, for many reasons, but with more sympathy, three people (Paul Rudd, Seth Rogen and Romany Malco) all give Andy's advice for one purpose in mind. To cast him out of his misery and make him to be embalmed. One of the few good things about "Anchorman", would only be a matter of time before Steve Carell himself get his own leadership. Surprisingly, in "The Elderly Woman 40 years" she does not discourage. To show a hopeless uncle, shame in full, Carell is a revelation if she is more sure if advice starts to help. Carell is not alone in its performance. Rudd, Rogen, Malco and Catherine Keener as all the interests of love are very good. Rudd is very favorite as David David's love who falls off many times and shares good shares with Rogen as two say about homosexuality. The greatest surprise on this film is not the way Most of the jokes hit the mark, but in fact the cunning way that hits a message on his head. It is clearly designed for the conservative Americas, the entire sound of the film comes from a simple story of gender victory that is one of the safe sex and restraint. A virgin does not need to have sex in order to achieve her life, she just needs self-confidence and true love. A worthy message to preach, and a great improvement on one you expect to see at the beginning of the film. It is difficult to see an unusual comedy which is normal and effective, but low and see, "The 40-year-old" is just the same. Call the most meaningful message and you are well on the top-class comedy. Happy surprises.
