As we all know a small variety of sexual organs are very good. Just be very radicy not enough anymore. I have seen and heard many jokes and disgusting things that sexuality needs to have other points of appeal to me today. Get in to the 40-year-old virgin I knew exactly what they expect; I saw ads after all; "Is it true that if you don't use, you lose?" What I did not expect to find is the heart and loyalty effort in the development of character. There are still "off-wall" characters that we see most in Adam Sandler movies and there is still enough language to sink Noah's Ark but somehow the film has a love story of value and even a message. <br /> <br /> The Andy protagonist is (unfortunately for me) someone who can be involved. In the first shot I see that he even shares my love with the Mystery of Science 3000 (has a movie poster on its wall) and in the movies we get to see its good old collection. Andy also has many video games and works of film and technology. Andy does not want to buy a car because he prefers his bike. Most important of all; Andy is a good man, she doesn't swear and respects women so much that she stays away from them. Combine all these things and everyone starts to think he is a serial killer. It's like my life story. All other characters have small stories to go with their little spreads and they all work at a certain level but not the Andy way. I felt that it was a kind of horrible way since Andy and her boyfriend Trish are really just real characters in the whole movie. I think since I said one flaw I also bring another visible shine. Stories are wise but also unpredictable and even if romance go; it's very simple. It deals with Andy's relationship with Trish for a long time and we all know what will happen at the end. Surely his final point is much different than we can expect but you know what will happen at the end, and I assure you. These are obviously small effects on the film but there is a lot of good here that I can easily ignore these few errors. <br /> <br /> I miss "good" meaning "bad" of course. This is a sex comedy and wants to be bad. For the most part I think it has succeeded. There are many hilarious incidents such as Andy trying to get out of erection after refusing to have sex with Trish. Or where Andy goes with her daughter Trish in a sex education class where she ends up asking more questions than anyone else. Ah and we should not forget that soon the line of burn "Ooh! Como se llama!" A little interesting thing about the area; actress Steve Carell actually made her pregnancy and the pain shown is true. Of course they did only one but it was still a very brave thing to do on his side. True when we talk about Steve Carell, I would like to say that now he has been raised on my list of respected partners who are odd since I didn't know who was before seeing this film. I was fascinated by his writings, acting and the time that I now need to keep an eye out of his future responsibilities. This man has talent is the 40-year-old Grandmother who proves to be. Being honest I was worried about this film but the original word was positive and I knew it was something that I would eventually go to see. I am glad to have done since it is probably one of the funniest movies that I have seen for a long time and it is twice as something you feel is worth. It is not just a series of sexual intercourse together and so it is a series of sexual intercourse linked to a very valuable character and true love. Now forgive me when I go out of my house; I can't believe I just wrote that ... <br /> <br /> My review from the Frider Water: http://friderwaves.com/index.php?page=virgin
