The Virgin of the 40-year-old is not only that Andy Stitzer is a 40-year-old virgin, but instead Steve Carell gives her as one. In the form of a "comedy" of crass which has been done with its lack of humor and characters involved, the Elderly 40-year-old offers a cast color with an intelligent, hearted script that does not use its main character as the end of a brutal joke. That Andy is still a virgin at the age of forty is not so much joke, in fact, if it is curiosity. Carell, an Ferrell team in Anchorman and former Daily Show castmember, uses the concept of the film to expand its character? we get to understand why Andy is the way he is. It's small things that make this film work. When Andy's co-worker at an electric shop asks for what he did for the weekend, Andy explains his efforts to fail during cooking. When Andy climbs his bike to work, he points to his turn. He not only decorate his house with figure figures? he blows them, and he speaks to them, and shows that some of those formerly have been his since childhood. A small comedy would not even begin to consider all these things <br /> <br /> The plot is fairly simplistic ?? Andy's co-workers know that they did not have sex and they make their personal efforts to get a bed with a woman. It is the idea of ​​the newborn and the film does not attempt to hide its juvenility. Andy's friends help her neurotic nature: David (Paul Rudd) is broken by his girlfriend over the past two years but is still involved with him, Jay (Romany Malco) is a female woman and Cal (Seth Rogen) is sexaholic's tattoo. Their attempt to get Andy in the sack comes back many times, and always leaves Andy to hear a little and a little. Andy and finally meets a single mother Trish (played by Catherine Keener) and, with a huge amount of anger to her friends who worry that she doesn't have value, she loves her. Do they start a relationship and agree to stop having sex for twenty days? Trish that doesn't know that Andy is still a virgin. The 40-year-old virgin was led by Judd Apatow, a man who produced Anchorman and The Cable Guy, and began a cult worship service for Freaks and Geeks. Apatow is known for its unique sense of humor, and script? written by Carell? provides plenty. However, at the end of the most interesting (and surprising) Virgin of 40 years is its growth. Now you are well aware that the film has found the most interesting reviews from critics, and even I was surprised by its warm reception. But after seeing the film, it's easy to understand why. We love Andy. We care. He is not just some of the sex cutout card-comedy cliché ?? he is a real, living, breathing person. His neurotic character combines the best of Woody Allen with naivety of children. His friends are not enough and his romance is hate and pleasant. Curses scandal with viewers. Although this is not appropriate to have a full film and it certainly has some sexual humor and sexual humor, it is not mistaken for the rest that it might be because we love the people who are screens. The best comedies of sex makes this work? from Chemical Business to America's Pie? and that's a great difference between something like Virgin of 40-year-old 40 and 40 Nights.
