Okay, here's the program: if you are sorry easily then you would like to stay away, away from this. There are some very interesting moments in the movie, but I probably was playing as I did. True, I probably drew them more than I laughed. And if I didn't mix out, then I was going in. If there is anything in this movie that makes you embarrassed then you are not ashamed. If that is a deck badge or not in the eye of the viewer I think. I don't want to deny that I have cut a little bit, but this is a movie that I can not only give to the blanket recommendations due to the issue. If I were saying, "This movie is a hilarious, go look!" and some of the heads of the old church-going to the theater and has a heart attack during one of the open sex, well, that's something I don't need for my conscience. Why is raunchy? Hmm, try 100 times more than the Wedding Crashers. True. My mother could walk during the first place. I feel it is my responsibility to at least warn you about what to expect. <br /> <br /> There is a mental-minded comedy here, but that's what I expect from someone (Judd Apatow) who was supported in Freaks and Geeks and Unknown. I'm all surprised by Michael McDonald; The only person whose hair and beard are white enough to give Kenny Rogers run for his money. Paul Rudd announcing, "If I hear Mo Mo There sometimes more I will choose Mo Mo this place," is hilarious, but it is one of the many that the audience does not appreciate. And when we see the second second flash of Steve Carrell singing with the Cameo Up Word, I laughed for two minutes after the joke passed, where many of the people appeared and then forgot. > <br /> With amazing enough, despite running, there is a good characteristic story. The movie does not show Carrell as some freaky loser just because she is a virgin. He has been shown the truth as a beautiful, beautiful character. Indeed, he is very young. After all, he has an Asian poster, "more video video of the Asian child," and a collection of toy that shows BOSS's Million Dollar Man, but we are never led to believe that there is nothing wrong with the fact that he is a virgin. As odd as it may seem, there is a bit of "okay waiting" message. <br /> <br /> But someone, oh man, please be warned that this pushes R his rating on such can go. That was the intention of Apatow. According to him, he allows some boys (especially Rogen and Malco) to cause and talk about how they talk normally, both in an effort to find many ways to become dirty. If you can handle it or talk it yourself, then you will love the movie. <br /> <br /> I'm not a big fan of joke and sexual jokes. I see the trick of the trick, clever is more entertaining than 200 f-word or sex chat fratboy. But that's me. As I said, there are some definite moments here, but you wonder if they are worth sitting through one of the filthy films that you might see on the playground. I don't know how many women are attracted to what was discussed by men during playing poker. Faithful women, you might want to know. If you have ever been wise why other girls think the guys are normal, well, this gives you a good idea. <br /> <br /> There you go - my humble, faithful to take what you expect. Be your guide. Certainly not to be seen by your Sunday School class, mother, grandparent, any gender, children of any age, or anyone who is very easily offended by open sex. If you see any of the above then it causes any sense of meaning to be concerned.
