Something about the 40-year-old Virgin and another winter college, the Crashers of the Wedding, is the same, but it's two different films somehow. They are all romantic comedies that have a high-top type, an understanding of things that keep young and boys in their 20 years as well as the size of the group members going to see the film. They all have some kind of form for the story too. But at the end of the 40-year-old woman, I think I found it was generally more satisfactory than 'Crashers'. Although one can assume where the story of the relationship with the character of Steve Carrell and Andy and Catherine Keener Trish's behavior go, it is not very basic for one to think as to the Crashers, and all the leading and helpful characters are actually, more rounded than most of the same people -dimensional or unspecified. And, perhaps, it can also depend on how much you recognize (or just get a good mood) in both. It is some people can get into The 40 Years Old Virgin without knowing Steve Carrell as well as Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn, as Carrell has built up his devotion status at The Daily Show (one of my shows interesting now and in small but not surprising roles in Anchorman and Bruce All. This is his first role of the stars, but not treated as a third-rate car. He and a journalist / director Judd Apatow conducts Andy's behavior to a certain level of loyalty that listens to the audience on both sides, even earlier speaking with his step-by-step statistics when retrieving them. It is also a rhythmic walk under this hand could be no more or less entertaining than 40 days of Lackluster and Nights 40 and Josh Hartnett (also about a serious gender disorder). As the title suggests, Andy is a 40-year-old who is like a good boyfriend and still Pee-Wee Herman little in it (opening on his home loans is hilarious, a good sign). <br /> So, his friends (among them Paul Rudd, Romany Mancoy, Seth Rogen, very good comic tips) try and plan different strategies and tips to finally break off the curses of Andy's head to pop his cherry, so say. She almost gets to a drunken woman, she almost gets to the type of a normal girl, and close to her boss (Jane Lynch, also very funny in mockumentaries) as a friend (explitive). But soon all begins to destroy if it gets a meaningful relationship with Trish, who works around the street. When they build on a non-core relationship on sex, a person may be concerned that the plot of the "how he will tell him as well" can get through the comedy. Not suitable. In fact, if anything, Carrell and the building builds on it at a very high level. For an hour and a half hour of two-hour film, there was a short time I had no laugh, big or small. It is a great deal even if you do not just have any kind of procedure and plot, or one or two lost stories (colleagues have their relationship problems too, Rudd is funniest). Great laughter comes because of Carrell's effects, and that people around him can return to their humor / charm, or that actually. Keener offers a very good performance and makes it so that there is a real soul for their relationship (and, like 'Crashers', there is not much that is not good for good behavior). For someone like me who likes when a player can get just laughing from how he looks at his face, Carrell gets so many points here. And as with the brother's Farrelly movie, the most rhythmic or horrible events are being done in total absence; The area of ​​"waxing" (which was actually done, by the way) and a musical form of Aquarius music towards the end of the film (the way it happens for the first time is a general surprise, shock). But if you are interested in it, there is more than it came out. This is one of the funniest movies of the year.
