In the preview, "The 40-year-old Girl" is engaged with another sexual partner who rejects on a 40-year-old man who feels to do only because they don't. Many of the previous things that had been so lowered her enthusiasm that she avoided women altogether. And then unexpected happens: he falls in love. What's more, there's a movie out about it, and is called "Virgin of 40 years." The girl who is the head is Andy Stitzer (Steve Carell), who is true 40, works as an employee at an electric shop and collecting crop yield data, which is displayed on each of her beautiful bachelor labels. all will see. He has a beautiful house of theater and see "Survivor" and his two-year-old neighbors. He is a very good commentary of Lonely Boy who needs to go out more and talk to more women. Now here is the real reality and this picture: it makes the impossible work to deal with its thing in a good, whole way. This is a film that can easily be very different in the hands of a more transparent team of filmmakers. It may have fallen into the endless sexual jokes and jokes but thanks to this picture does not give less. Certainly there is a joke of sex here and there and even a few prods are aimed at homosexual society (which, in any way, means to be considered as gay-bashing), as two of the characters share insulting each other while playing a video game ( "Mortal Kombat: Deception," not less - to fight the testosterone run by boys). As a person approaching 20, he gathers the McFarlane Toys action and he has never done any action, I have seen this film exciting and touching in a way that the movie has never been. I was able to relate to Andy Stitzer's character more than anyone in the theater because I was the only boy in this display; everyone else looks like they were all past. 40 A little fool, I know, but you ("you" are isalicized) you can still have a relationship if you're just a young man now in the daylight "The 40-Old Old Virgin"? In fact Andy has never had sex and wake up every day with "rising in the morning" (don't ask), and she is encouraged by her friends to try foreign ways to get the opposite of sexuality. At first he discovered Andy is a virgin, 40 hours, his three friends and colleagues at the store David David (Paul Rudd), Jay (Romany Malco) and Cal (Seth Rogen) both think that they are gay because he had no woman, which cannot be more from the truth. The fact is, Andy loves women, but the previous experience (revealed by one trick after another in a flashback series) has put him in beauty. <br /> <br /> David, Jay, and Cal each of the Message to get Andy set, so help them all. But you know that the rest will only be a disaster, as it was seen by one day with Nicky (Leslie Mann), who puts Andy through the worst experience of driving and I think anyone does not want to walk and has to be concerned with Beth (Elizabeth Banks), pretty who works in a bookshop and is finally revealed to be sexually active. Things shine with Andy when she meets Trish (Catherine Keener), a woman who works in a shop on a street that sells things on eBay to people. Hmmm. And with a good collection of practical data, you can go to the figure that at the end most money is waiting for him, that's like he can "do the action." Finally, this is the romp of the sex we expect. It deals with the most realistic issue Most of Lonely goes through, not that anything is wrong for being a virgin but let's look at a big picture: how many of us "False Boys" want to be the only boy forever? The important thing we are taught in this picture is that Guy Lonely must be himself. I don't think she needs to be stepped up as a body like Andy does (which is divided by the side of being honest, and according to this website and other news articles, it was really true, and also blood was on the Carell shirt later). "The Elderly 40-year-old" was led by Judd Apatow and written by himself and Carell, which started as a skit which Carell had starred. Carell is sweet and man, if his behavior is not a particular trend that thinks this by closing his eyes. This is one of the most intelligent carts I've ever seen and should not (too many) because its characters are treated with respect and respect. Even Carell's friends, who remove bad advice to cover their own relationship of uncertainty, can be linked to a basic level. The "Old 40 Virgin Way" comes to an end, but I will remove you, viewer, focus. Indeed, if someone can go through Andy's things and still has the power to attract a woman like sexy like Catherine Keener, then it is true: It is not available! <br /> <br /> 10/10
