I watched this film three times. At the end, I continued to fly around with incredible events to get a resolution for a plot. Perhaps the plot did not intend to connect to logic. Or maybe these ads are bad because of Ann's memory for off events is done. Take a little Ann Grant (Claire Danes). Here is a young woman who has attended an unknown college and scions of a rich family. He should be able to support this expensive education, but never seems to have any family relationships. He never seems to have any relatives who can turn when the results of one of his bad decisions will take effect. Ann shares a passionate evening with her great love Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson). Then, when Harris comforts Lila after the death of his brother Buddy, Ann suddenly finds him shocked and hated by his own behavior. I must have lost something important here. Ann's behavior seems to be impossible. Ann leaves her relationship with Harris and eventually marries a Lila wedding. Despite Ann's refusal of Harris, she continues to hold him tightly on his bed. It was evident from his character that Harris was so badly beaten by Ann and he could get married. The area that shows a meeting of years after the wedding of Lila showed that Harris still had a strong feeling for Ann. <br /> <br /> The movie showed an example of Ann's sexual relationships. He had always fallen with his men and refused them. This example was done by Harris and two men. On the other hand, Lila married a woman who had no love and remained with her husband until she died. Lila might have been able to build a relationship because she refused to let her marriage fail. Then came again with Lila Ross's ease on Ann's bed. It seems that Ann's nurse was able to take enough information from Ann's long term to identify and contact Lila. None of these contacts were shown on the film. I kept asking myself about Ann's house at the time of her last days. How did he buy the house with a few income for his singing career? Ann always appeared one step ahead of the financial disaster while raising her two children. <br /> <br /> At another level, I enjoyed keeping with the film significantly. The sea was very beautiful. Claire Danes had a light like a little Ann Grant. He is a very good singer. I love her very brunette to look at the bottle of blonde which she had extra film. If only the CGI's toes are off, I could add the whole film to my vote!
