The film's INE advice, based on the novel and Susan Minot and adapted to the screens and Minot by Michael Cunningham, has become a difficult, very complicated that could discourage many viewers from giving the film. Charged on the basis there is a basis on the fact that very little occurs in this film on fretting woman dying for her mistakes made summer in her youth, that the most prominent executives were given very little responsibilities, that the whole production was over-hyped, etc. For the viewer this, seeing the film on DVD in the stability of the house, a very different reaction occurred. Ann Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) lives at home with the sea and her medication and memory enables them to share the name of a person - 'Harris' - with her two adult daughters Nina (Toni Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson). Like his daughters sitting in bed, Ann includes the summer when she was a friendly woman to her best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer) - married Ann (Claire Danes as a young Ann) and Lila's alcoholic buddy Buddy (Hugh Dancy) refused , hearing that Lila was only married to a classmate instead of a boy he loved - Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), a housewife who was a doctor. Harris, Buddy, Lila, and Ann are united in a series of exhibitions and relationships that have been preserved so far, 50 years later, if Ann dies. The former Lila (Meryl Streep) visits Ann at the end and the mystery has been revealed: 'There are no such things as wrong - life goes on.' Film is a good piece of emotional and script with Minot and Cunningham is rich in environment and life lessons of trick. Yes, there are obstacles in the story that can be used more details, but to maintain a nostalgia aura of the words of the mother die, 'such holes' understandable. The film faces the presence of not only Redgrave, Richardson (true daughter of Redgrave), Collette, Gummer (true daughter of Streep), Meryl Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson, but also and ensemble has made a short but very strong exhibition. The layout is best (movies and Gyula Pados) and the music mark is for inimitable Jan A.P. Kaczmarek. Lajos Koltai ("Being Julia") explains. This film judge himself .... Grady Harp
