If you can't enjoy the fick of the chick, stand up now. If, however, you would like to enjoy films that show complex characters and provide a wonderful acting, read. Ann Grant Lord dies. His two daughters come closer to him. Ann begins to talk about people from the past who do not know, and they ask if these lost friends are real or thinking. They come to realize that these people from the past of their mothers are real, true. The stories change, basically, between 1953 and 2000 and a few tips in Ann's life during those years. It was in 1953 that Ann met the love of her life and the experience of the worst of her life. One of two best friends of Ann from college, Lila, is married. Ann's best friend is Lila's brother, Buddy. Lila and Buddy are the children of the wealthy Newport family, where Ann is a cabaret singer who lives in Greenwich Village who wants to be a free spirit but is still bound by a lot of 1950s. he will be a key character in the life of three - Harris. He is the oldest son of a family member who grew up with Lila and Buddy and has been a doctor in a small town in New England. Ann once is recommended by Harris which adds to the difficulty and the fact that Lila has been interested in Harris and continues to be. Buddy, too, likes Harris, but being 1953, has explained that homosexual desires to Harris to his best friend, Ann because he can't admit himself to having sexual desire for someone else. Buddy shows his frustration in having a drunken, prudent-bad boy of the family - especially with the anger of his parents is very profitable and ignorant. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, all of these highlighted and hitable causes a tragedy - after all this is a flick of chick. This time, Ann's daughters have been away from their mothers and faced their own lives and values. Constance works for emotional fatigue trying to keep his roll as a mother and perfect wife. I have, he has always felt inferior, unable to maintain a relationship. Get rid of all these relationships for fifty years, and you get an exciting look for the community, its values, and its impact on the attributes and actions of the people involved. All evening work is best, but there are exhibitions and incredible events - with two unique family relationships - which make this film very special. Claire Danes has Ann's 1950s, and it does so in a way that clearly shows a clever woman who is against what she should do against what she wants to do. His performance was not easily remembered. Vanessa Redgrave has Ann who dies whose thoughts have changed from now, in the past, to a fantasy flight, and of course, Redgrave removes all of them in good fashion. Natasha Richardson - the real daughter of Redgrave - has Ann's daughter, Constance, in the film. The events between the true mother and the mother of the mother and the false daughter are treating the watch. Toni Collette has another daughter of Ann, Nina. I have a good deal of his time being sad and sympathetic to himself when he closes a good man who loves him and his mother and sister. Collette is perfect for this part, but I have never seen him to give a bad or unpredictable performance regardless of the place he plays. Mamie Gummer plays Lila's 1950s and shows us even more controversial women's role in life than her good friend, Ann. He is very good. Meryl Streep - Mother of Gummer - plays Lila. What? There is nothing to say about Meryl Streep unless he gives you always performance and insight. The director Lajos Koltai says in the DVD's that he wanted Glenn Close to play a small part of Lila's mother because he felt he was the only actor who could think of playing the same scene in the film. In fact he was right, and the Implementation of the Lock in the same area brings it into your mind. Other other events that are close to Lila's mother are very good, and you get another function of care. There are three other events in the film, including one that is described above, which makes the whole movie look. Lila's wedding day, Ann comes into her room and enters into the bed with her friend to discuss Lila's forgiveness about her next wedding to someone who doesn't like it. This section is repeated fifty years later when Lila comes to bed with her friend Ann to talk about the life they lived in. In this last area, Streep and Redgrave are wondering. <br /> <br /> Another unrecognized place - at least for me - is when Buddy declares her love to Ann. Hugh Dancy as Buddy gives us the heartbeat of the boy's heart broken and his sexual feelings. Its performance is excellent. Chick flick? Yes. A very special film and an unreliable act, lead, and environment? Certainly. I can't recommend too much evening.
