Many amazing traders in one film serve as a practical invitation to the movie house so I can answer. Here are some words. Vanessa Redgrave is good even when lying in bed. She also looks very old and I don't think this is succeeding by doing a lot that is a good thing for the film but a sad thing for us movies-goers. I think his old age was very difficult in recent years. Claire Danes continues to invite you to return to the movies and remove the heat. Similar to Mamie Gummer and her mother Merly Streep all in the shape of physical appearance and style style are amazing that I lose my collection for the film for several minutes after her entry. He is wonderful amazing; however such a similarity is the risk of working against his grace. I agree with the original opinion: Natasha Richardson certainly had a plastic work done on his face. Surely it will not look like I remember from the previous films ("Nell" for example.) All he and Toni Collette depressed do not have a lot of sense part because they don't look to influence as a sister. Their cooperation is weak. Moreover Toni Collette is a very old way for his character. Glenn Close and Meryl Streep were supposed to have more screen time. The performance of Streep is actually a little more than cameo. His exhibition on the other hand has a greater resonance than all the film. Eileen Atkins offers welcome animals, especially in his second role as a nightclub of thinking of Redgrave behavior. For men; Hugh Dancy adds the film significantly even though it offers a broader performance than is needed. As a matter of fact after leaving the story begins to fly. It is also for its credit that can create a real sense of the boyish charm in the viewer. Patrick Wilson on the other hand is completely empty in the middle of the film. He also has the unfortunate that the script is not enough to explain why the three people (one of them is man) have been beaten by this man. The previous head for this should be more developed. <br /> <br /> The movie is as good as expected. However, the main summer house has failed to persuade me. It does not appear natural on that rocky hill, especially with a piece of grass in front. A little paper also like. Overall, the film is a classy production, but the appearance-all-before, noise-to-all-before feeling takes me during most of its time and so did not make a kind of impact on me which I expected from tears. However, it has still been able to make me think about passing time, about a person's prospects for life and the extent to which these are being fulfilled or not. It is worth trying at least on DVD if not on the film ...
