I got an evening in a movie with a lady friend. Evening is a chick flick with no apologies for that, but I can say for some aid that is not so infused with estrogen that is painful for red-blood to watch. Except for one example at the end of the movie, I looked on the subject and I did not turn or stretch my eyes on any defensive melodrama. Women, for their part, will love this movie. Ann Lord is an old man, lying in bed and spending his last days on the earth as easily as possible in his home with his two grown daughters on his side. Lost by old memories, Ann suddenly calls the name of her daughter's never heard before: Harris. When her two daughters thought gently the importance of their mother's strength to remember and correct her unpleasant situation with this wonderful man all this time, Ann returns her head to the terrible day she met Harris - and for doing so, they lost hope The youth of the future that we all can cooperate with. All Ann and her two daughters - one married to children, one of the "commit commitments" of the query - to fight the central question of whether true love really exists, and perhaps more important, if true love you can endure the test of time. What? Are we all aware of one day that love is not eternal? What? Are we all aware that an unresolved problem is the only real result? The fact of the trick that Ann is still fighting with the answer to these questions on his murdered seat is not lost to his two daughters. The evening movie is interesting - many films are used in Ann's mind when remembering the past, and for this reason I think the film was hit as deliberately, to give everyone the ethereal light (and so do it very clear that all this is not true, but it happened in the past). Claire Danes is good (it seems to be true, too long, though it is 5 '5' in fact), and it really attracts one place where its talent singing is struggling. which leads to Claire Danes and does not allow from there: Vanessa Redgrave, Patrick Wilson, Meryl Streep and Glenn Close to fill other major and minor roles in the film, in fact I can't say anything negative about this film completely, although Hugh Dancy is struggling to have her character The emergence of the last half is the end of the total loss of the rich of the arrogant who sets before the greatest boldness but is the fear of the never-to-be-nothing that does not give much of the way through the search of character - had its commands and arrests at the end, sir, your girlfriend certainly will cry, and when you may not be able to feel almost as affected, the evening will not really be a waste of time spent watching the evening. o or take it as a hiring to do business at points when you want to accompany a look for Die Hard 4 or upcoming Rambo flick. It will be your little secret that this look did not cost you very much.
