From the beginning of this book, I have had mixed feelings about the results. I studied some time ago to see a picture of the film before reading the book, because I found that if I read the first book I was disappointed in the film. Certainly this would be true here, but in the case of the Atonement, which is probably the best comparison of the book that I have ever seen, should not be meaningful. I'm trying to find out why that is, and I see that I must get my finger for Michael Cunningham. To a great extent if I respect him for hours (which I have never read but I have seen and suffer from) I cannot avoid the feeling that it is not found in Susan Minton's book as he took several characters and based on the foundation and writing his own movie out. It's not that I don't like the movie. I really love the movie, why, since I started reading the novel, I feel sad about anything. I feel honest with Mrs Minton by enjoying a movie that was so close to leaving her work. Reading, I can understand why he had such an effort to change them. Unlike one movie reviewer, it is not so much that some novels should not be a movie; it's more like other books can't make a transition. Mrs Minton's novel works at a personal and close level with her main character, so inside, that it seems impossible to put it in a physical state. Although this book is a reference to real events, it is recorded, and so it is divided into ethereal that, I feel, not a film. I think Mrs Minton's work is a real work of literature, but it can't make a transition to the film, which no way to prevent it from its value. I can not report that evening, the film, does not represent the evening, novel, in any way over the way, as I am only half, but previously it would make a big leap to resemble the next movie this. I think I am writing this because I feel that if you're going to deal with the novel, make it, but don't do something else that is not. I don't know if Michael Cunningham has done anything natural, but from what I can see now all things have done all depends on someone else's work. We will not have Hours like Virginia Woolf did not write Mrs. Dalloway, and we will not have any evening, with her trouble form, if Susan Minton had no trouble doing what she probably should not be tempted in the first place. But it's so much to say that it would be better if Mrs Minton left well alone, because the evening, the film, is a satisfying and good job of her soul. <br /> feeling, feeling of loyalty, and the final conclusion that, in this case, novel can not be a film and vice versa, and my last thanks to all the writers for doing what they did, so that we can work like them.
