The "first story" in the world-century Gundam world offers a new guarantee of war between the world and the colonies of space. The goal is no longer in a small group of people who will continue to play an important role in the war, but for the population of daily and how war is seen through their eyes. <br /> <br /> The story does not contain Gundam's core content, its base is a ZONE squad to capture Gundam's experiments, but it is the implementation of the plot that has led this to be interesting. This series focuses on the experience of a young boy named Alfred and the relationship between his neighbor, Christina Mckenzie who is an attempt to a secret Confederation and an attempt by Newbie Zeon named Bernie Wiseman. Alfred keeps "a kind of spiritual love" to Bernie when our young Zeon attempt also falls for Christina. <br /> <br /> "Battle in Pocket" proves that you do not need a story to spread about specific people to do with a good story of war. There are no uber pilots or great pilot ships seen here. This 6-hour OVA short-term focus on behavioral behavior on other themes like politics or philosophy and I love how it is described as characters. Alfred is your everyday child who has computer games and he thinks the armed forces are cold. Then it is given a course of loss in real war situations. Impossible friendships and cooperation between Bernie and Christina, each without knowing the fact that they are soldiers on different sides of the war, are being played without going on with romance games. Same goes for good relationship between Alfred and Bernie. What I said, I don't want to destroy a lot of stories here, but it makes it more encouraging to insist on events taking place when the show continues on the way to the end of emotional loss. <br /> <br /> Despite the lack of action, this show has never entered the "boring" group. Anime is simply involving enough to carry the entire show. It is not worried if there are a number of cases of mobile suits distributed here and there. Each one is very good at the level that exceeds OVA and is sure to satisfy some of the "must" war suits in the Gundam series. It is common to watch anime for Japanese or English, i would stop from personal preferences. But in this case, I strongly recommend tracking English voice on one Japanese. Not only the characters, all except Alfred are an outcast, the sound is more widely believed in English but the sound of English sounds are topped and even more than one Japanese, and reinforcing the character of each and the true feelings and the sound they hear only makes it work in some of the dramas of live actions. In short, this show is not trying to attract the audience. What makes it shows the many heartbeats that affect the home especially the death of innocence in the battlefield and the fear of war through the eyes of the child. A true story that promotes the truth that deserves more loan than is given.
