This is a complicated film that examines the results of the Fordist and Taylorist system of industrial production of humanitarian relations. There are frequent references to the production line of the meeting, where staff are identified as machines in the machine, and managed by the managers who use clipboards, controlling how the workers leave, and the Stanley workers who reach all the criteria (as his supervisor says, it's always time, it's hard workers, doing good work) but who is in the future unknown to make mistakes. This system destroys the family - Stanley sends his father to the nursing home (where he quickly dies) after Stanley lost his job. Iris's daughter is a young mother who comes from high school to work in a plant. References are made by the fact that now, with a reduction in salary, all partners need to work, meaning that no one is left home to care for children. Iris's husband has died from the disease, and with many references in the film about the cost of medical care, the viewer should see if he could live with the best and most costly service. Dear Brother Iris is suffering after another unsuccessful day in the unemployment office when his wife asks him for buying beer and his savings instead of stopping for his face and / or dental work (even an unemployed working class). and securities in common ideas of bourgeois of perfection and beauty purchase in them). One book running in the film is through a black line worker whose husband is in jail (perhaps, also black, and black-faced people with many levels of bad closure). He says that he, like him, "does when" - his family includes a prisoner and a slave of wages. Stanley, however, still believes human relationships and is therefore a lot of films out of the Fordist capitalist system. He cares for his father in spite of the fact that he was a traveling merchant of his father that led to illiteracy - he was not yet reducing human relations with a basic contract, as Iris' brother does (showing that he "married a bad sister"). Then, as Iris says, it resembles everyone's sleep-eating work; rather, it uses technology and manufacturing methods of manufacturing through art and creativity, for a variety of excellent Bauhaus. This was a modern sophisticated modern and 1920 social (such as Bauhaus) - using technology to provide all basic needs, allowing more free time for human creative work and human perfect relationships. She is also out of sexual relations. He cooks, cleanses, cares for his family, and knows how to dig. Iris, on the other hand, lives in the traditional male role - he is a factory worker, a source of income for his family (extended), and brings Stanley to the public area, usually detained by women. By teaching him to read and write, he gives him access to a world of knowledge, and also a male male. Write down here is used as an example for the public (male) public and circulation systems (money, vehicular, culture) that enable participation in the public area. Without this access, Stanley is feminized - a clear job for him is cooking and cleaning. He has been removed from a regular cycle, he cannot participate in the money (he cannot open a bank account), in a car (can't get a driver's license, he can't run then), and in the community (he asks if he is not able to write his name.) <br /> After learning to read, he writes books on making cars, agriculture, and spirituality (the Bible). The only time it presents - the Bible also appears on the employee as a hat of cameras to get Stanley and Iris to engage in sex. However, it is recognized as a moral force - Iris, clearly characteristic of living "good", says at the beginning of the film that the rosary it was among the things lost in the purse. Once he can read, he comes into the system and puts an opportunity to manage the health care program, car, and house, to replace the family head , the pastor. Possibly, he is a manufacturing manufacturer, leading products that will require others to withstand the hard line of the church line. This end, probably the only bit of Hollywood's most commonly in the film, is so incongruous and all that has come before me at least wonder if it was not compelled by some Studio exec suddenly worrying about the lack of feel-good and its potential impact on bottom line. Now that, according to the pundits, we have moved to skillful manufacturing experience after the industry, the film also has a little nostalgic feeling, although we need historical distance to analyze the fact that happened at that time. However, it is recommended - at least if you want to make your brain. Ignore the end, and is around 10 perfect.
