My dog ​​recently died, and this was the movie I loved as a child, so I had to see it to try. <br /> <br /> (Beware of Dogs, I mean Robbers.) This movie doesn't 'just for kids and it's far from normal. It was placed in New Orleans in 1939. Firstly, the dog was not shown as a member of the family more in this film, but as an adult with a hard life to handle. <br /> <br /> In the beginning, Charlie is not very different from his loyal partner and brutal business, Carface. He is the money run, greedy, and just run the death row, as he says at the beginning of the element. The difference between Charlie and Carface is that Charlie can learn and is ready to listen to others; Anne Marie and her sidekick, Itchy. Carface even listen to dogs, bad and great glasses that happen to be around him. Carface tries to kill the hero, because he wants a 100% profit in their business and it will not be only 50 percent - the odd way of the German Shepherd's death. Also, killed with alligator's original size before you finish your life because you can sing impossible if you are a dog or not. This is a cartoon, and that's why it makes sense here. The Carface's Revenge path is to kill, while Charlie believes that success is the best revenge, financial efficiency. After the death, he begins the business by taking the money from Carface, a talented girl who is able to communicate with animals. They win the whole community, and Charlie tells him that he will be given money for the poor - delicious: Charlie and Itchy live in junkyard, and so they are poor. He uses money towards the casino / bar / theater, and not "poor". The reason why Anne Marie has the ability to talk to the animals is that she is sympathetic, and listens carefully. He teaches Charlie's values ​​by marking his gambling, lying, and stealing. Charlie tries to create by buying his clothes. He added the values ​​that his business needed, while Charlie made management, and Itchy gave construction. <br /> <br /> Carface uses violence and destruction of property to break down Charlie's business, which does not protect the government. Charlie loses everything and all that is left is a little girl. Finally he had to choose between his life and his own. She first takes the eyes independently, and puts down when the girl starts to sink. Both the girl and the hour had gone down, and she had to choose who it was, and chose the girl. <br /> <br /> A great deal about this movie that focuses on the ability to learn from evil after time, and the ability of the child to cope with the natural death of their animal, is that it does not show anyone dying! The hour shows his life, and the clock is shown closed and stopped. All deaths were interesting, even for criminals. I haven't cried for this film so far, and I've got a lot more, I needed to write and share with you.
