I love All Dogs Go to Heaven though I am a husband. This and Land Before Time is the best film that Don Bluth has done! In the movie Gharlie Barkin (Burt Reynolds) is assisted by its independence Itchy (Dom DeLuise) independence from pound in New Orleans 1939. Charlie who is in the casino business wants to share the same with her partner Carface (Vic Tayback). Carface who does not want to share the same with Charlie is driving on the bridge at Charlie's kill! Charlie goes into heaven and meets Annabelle (Melba Moore) who shows Charlie that his time has ended by showing him the watch that stands up and explains that All Dogs Go to Heaven because all dogs are the most beautiful! Charlie hides behind his back and wipes it back and returns to the earth alive with Annabelle screaming You can never come back! Charlie reunites with Itchy and they go and explore soon to know that Carface did not just try to kill Charlie and he also took a little kidnapping named Ann Marie (Judith Barsi). When Carface comes from Charlie and Itchy to help Ann Marie run. The next day Charlie Itchy and Ann Marie go looking for money! Ann Marie sees a couple who thinks they will have great parents for her! When Ann Marie speaks to her husband Charlie climbs behind the man and steals his wallet! Charlie Ann Marie and Itchy then go to the horse race where they spend the money of the man that the horse will win the race! The horses said they could win the wind with Charlie, Itchy, and Ann Marie whipped $ 1,000 for a bet! Charlie has promised Ann Marie will spend the money to give to the poor but she buys a new casino with gambling and buys pizza to her friend Flo (Loni Anderson) and her young. Recently Ann Marie discovered that Charlie stole a handbag from the man and spent his money on horse and everything! Charlie sad about this has a dream about going to Hell with the devil! Soon Charlie awakens and sees that Ann Marie has gone! She has left to return to the recipient for a couple who forgot about the wallet and invited her to breakfast! Charlie asks Ann Marie to leave her and she thinks she is sick but it is captured by the mouse who try to try to give it to King Gator but they manage to escape! Recently Carface shows and takes Ann Marie. He plans to catch him but Charlie comes and calls King Gator who lays Carface. When Charlie is over and must die again. Foul with the help of other dogs find a couple who took Ann Marie and brought them to them where Ann Marie is. They are time to save Ann Marie but they are too late to save Charlie who has time! Charlie who was given his bravery to save Ann Marie is invited to return to Heaven but before intervention says Ann Marie has been accepted by the couple and asked her to take care of it. He says yes and tells Charlie to love him and go well! Charlie goes into heaven again as all Dogs Go to Heaven! Filled with amazing animation, characters, and story Don Bluth has reassured us that he is good! It's so bad this movie was released the same year The Little Mermaid which is my favorite movie of Disney! Both came in 1989 which was a year before birth! I think I'll have to call all the features of the Best Animation 1989! 10 out of 10!
