First of all, 'St. Ives' film is only freely on the basis of Robert Louis Stevenson's story of the same name, but at once, this is not the opposition. The original novel was an ongoing, unmistakable story of the death of the author, and by making it free and put it at the end, film actors have revived other loving characters who, although unlike the Stevenson nature, would have, I am sure, I have made the order and accuse him. It is 1813: Captain Jacques de Kéroual de Saint-Yves is the aristocrat of Breton, orphans and the guillotine of the Revolution, which is now used as a hussar in the Napoleon army. We meet him going out in the evening, saying that since the hussar who has not died and 30 is "black", he, at 34, is now "time to borrow"! Indeed, with the trophies of the challenge to the duels, our visible hero is dangerous, but the prank surreal to its Colonel provides a way out of the duels and inside the courtesan / a beautiful musician. Unfortunately, it also causes loss of its commission ... More of the misadventures leads to being taken prisoner by the UK, and sent to the POW camp in the Scottish castle. During the drawing of sports stations and boxes, Jacques takes the lead of Flora, the little Miss Susan Gilchrist, the world's most successful woman who lives in Swanston Cottage. They fall in love, and many stories are about Flora to help Jacques escape and find his greatest member, Comte of the past. Of course, there is a problem. The older brother of Jacques, Alain, the alcoholic drinker, is - perhaps understandable - away from pleasure when Grandpa chases him in front of the whole family, instantly Jacques was seen ... Cue lies! There is also a celebration of romance between awkward, naïf but a good heart Major Farquhar Chevening and Aunt Susan, who has walked through many of the Ottoman Empire and become a prisoner to Turks. <br /> <br /> Even allow the exception of nature for any film which heroes share my name, 'St. Ives' is magic! It combines royal scalp, hitting race-run, delightful and romantic adventure. I would like to recommend to anyone who loves 'kind of film that they no longer' - Fairbanks, Colman, Flynn, & co. Acting is very good. Anna Friel makes Flora a powerful and charming heroine, and Jean-Marc Barr enjoys as Jacques, a truly beloved hero. Miranda Richardson and Richard E. Grant are already very excited, and they are very happy like Susan and Farquhar, whose relationship is similar to the comic counterpio for the heads. As rakish, scheming, but ultimately sad Alain, Jason Isaacs shows, as he did recently in 'The Patriot', that has a classic style swashbuckling, instead of losing good looks! Please, please someone who will give you as a * warrior type? !!! <br /> <br /> My main plans and film settings and clothing. In the same book, the building which Jacques is a prisoner is clearly Edinburgh, but the film, which was beaten in Ireland, Germany and France has 'Plans' to set, and make storage of place names like Swanston, Inveresk and Queensferry for incongruous decision. Dress is also a real potch, from 1780 to the period that is placed. Although this cannot be impossible for most low-market participants to "do", it seems to be odd for effective women such as heroines wear 1780 clothes in 1813. Obviously, the costly cost was æsthetic: these original styles are The most elegant and more elegant than the Regency forms, and works in the considered world of the film. In general, 'St. Ives' is 90 minutes of pure fun.
