WAQT is a perfect example of chicken soup not exactly for your soul. Unfortunately the sauce has lost its sincere thanks to supplying more and distributing which came into it. What is surprising and disappointing about WAQT is that it comes from a remote director of the Indian movie clichés in its first partnership but who in its second decision gives all forms of films . When Vipul Shah had faith to show something like implausible as blind people steal the bank in AANKHEN, he fails to influence life in all the packaging of WAQT which is the basis of something like thinking as a father-relationship father. Based on Gujarati Aavjo Vhala Fari Malishu, WAQT has a wise story with social messages for enhancing. Looking for maturity on the relationship of the father-son, the love of the father's terms for his child and the responsibility of the child for his family. Ishwar Chand Sharawat (Amitabh Bachchan) who has established all his authority from the beginning leads a good life with his wife Sumitra (Shefali Shah). Their only son Aditya (Akshay Kumar) had no need to strive for anything since he got everything planned with a spoon found in life. Ishwar's beatings only took more. <br /> <br /> Aditya dream of turning to a star but does nothing to make his dreams come true. At the same time he married his female daughter (Priyanka Chopra). Ishwar expects that marriage will make Aditya more power but she is disappointed. Aditya is still on her best blade leading a life of anxiety. The end of patience finally falls when Ishwar gives Aditya from her home. A sudden change in the view of his beloved father toward him and his prospective wife now said Aditya. He has nothing left but to try to get his wife and his unborn child. He begins to become a free person but the victory of his relationship with his father grows. <br /> <br /> The story is very simple when the hard screenplay has a very basic approach. One can easily identify and relate to the responsible characters of the father and son. If you are not one of the two, you at least might reach people like them somewhere in real life. <br /> <br /> Add to the director of Vipul Shah simple handling of screens. For a family like this, any other director in his place would add to the tons of melodrama in the case as for the family film drama rules, and to turn the film into a compulsory pride. However Shah adds more to the improper care of many parts of the film. The example of the refusal of his irresponsible direction resembles the original area where the father deprives the child from his home a non-frivolous way. The purpose of the area is available without removing the brain on the mind of the audience. Ditto for the area in the second half which the father of the father who is now separated has a flippant talk. That is what differentiates the BAQT from KABHI KUSHI GHUM or EK ENTERPRISE and actually sets one level on treatment. But after getting all the different points, one can ask where WAQT still fails in? The problem lies in the fact that when WAQT separates itself from others in the league on medical terms, it offers in glitches in the installation terms. What is a collaborating director in the dance-n-dance every now and then the first half. There is Johar song of the song, the song of Chopra kinda Holi, the dadia song of dandia, the song of dreams and dreams come true song inducing yawns enough in the viewer. Make this picture ... The father has dismissed the child from his home and the child goes to a song in the Moroccan mountains and his wife. From the place! Because! and the audience From the chair. <br /> <br /> The movie gives you the first half and the real story begins only the second half. The director has seriously damaged the BAQT for unnecessary items. Many talked about the sequence of dogs is not bad but does not redeem. However the taandav dance of Akshay Kumar is just ridiculous. Imagine she deserves a star to hunt in the movie with this (without pretending) hilarious history. Add up its peak to the end of the star-hunt where the baby burst with emotion. That's very bright! The editorial structure could also be transformed to hide the cause of the change in the attitude of his son. <br /> <br /> Your Malik Music is good though it is not good in case. The function of Santosh Thundiiayil's camera has enough capacity even though it does not require much. The terrible Kapadia has discussed good conversation at a good time. Boman Irani and Rajpal Yadav makes or shorter in the film very effectively. While Rajpal Yadav has been going on the history of comic films in many films recently, this time he is engaging his behavior and is completely prevented. His modern words are strongly recommended by the history of Boman on the top. Shefali Shah is persuading in the role of mother. It is not considered as a censure but he is free to play with 'look' his character. Priyanka is good and makes a good part of it. <br /> <br /> Of course, great features are Akshay Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan. Akshay is very obvious in the area where his doting father refuses to make him aware of his responsibilities. Although Bachchan goes very rapidly in some cases, its beauty is blown throughout the film. To count, WAQT is like a soup that all its ingredients are tasty and nutritious but the last recipe is not somewhat 't like very interesting.
