As his older brothers, Claude Sautet and Jean-Pierre Melville, Alain Corneau began cutting his teeth in French movies and a series of good successes: "La Menace" (1977) and "Série Noire" (1979) among others. "Police 357" Python is a good example of how Corneau found and beat his work during his career. They had beautiful movies, fascinating pictures and modernized artistic interpretation. <br /> <br /> Police Ferrot administrator (Yves Montand) is an abnormal technique that usually works only. She makes a friend of a young woman Sylvia Léopardi (Stefania Sandrelli) and becomes her lover when she ignores that she has another partner: her main Ganay (François Périer). At the end he learns, he kills him with anger. Ferrot should investigate the killings and all the signs are not available against him ... One can see that this kind of distant story is not available with glitches and sometimes, one can see right through but the style of Corneau's pedantic recipes helps freeze an exciting situation, the sky. The first part of the film before the night of the murder may seem unimportant and however, it is important for what will follow this important moment. Corneau is exposed to dirty and short-term treatment with short demonstrations and secondary characters, the smaller the audience will see again during the investigation. Despite the absence, Corneau and his man Daniel Boulanger wrote the story of opening. Ménard (Mathieu Carrière) who sometimes explains because Ferrot continues to have less information during the investigation. But his head knows that he works alone. Actually, Ferrot has got a strong tricks of muddy water and hence surrendering himself. Finally, the main idea of ​​the film is about Ferrot himself. He is copi who in a little less loses his identity and finds himself in the heart of the depersonalization of terrible. It is epitomized and when he himself throws acid on his face so that witnesses do not recognize him when he brought face to face with them. <br /> <br /> Backdrop of this exciting, Orléans is enhanced by the Corneau camera and helps to encourage this wonderful passion of its charm.
