Knowing what to expect (in general) from Denzel Washington's effectiveness - quality, integrity, gravitas, wry humor - you will prepare what to expect from its first beginning. Much like the Bronx Tale of Robert De Niro, Antwone Fisher offers a moving game of young life and the impact of important data in his life. Similarly in Bronx Tale De Niro played one of these key figures for the leading character (own character was born to play but was also very old) Washington takes the same position in this as a father adviser for titular behavior - a character that looks like he should play with Washington from 20 years ago. Thanks to Washington is very old to play Antonye because if he was first we should be deprived of good performance and performance efficiency like Navy consultant. However most importantly we do not get good, we can only send a star to do, walk Derek Luke in the role of the head. In fact this character comes as it is created in the shape of Washington, yet you get this feeling not only because Washington ordered it, not that Luke was trying to beat him, but that Luke is really powerful and thought to stimulate actress like Washington. It took a very long time for Washington to get the Academy Award for Malcolm X, Philadelphia, Satan In Blue Dress and Hurricane, let's have hope that Luke don't have to wait long. Also a large piece of cast was Joy Bryant as a lover of Fisher, Cheryl. While that part would help to forget or the role of 'girl''s role in Bryant's life. Tender and mind responsibility reduces the relationship with Bryant who lives in it, and makes the part useful and interesting. It does not hurt or that Bryant is likely to be the most beautiful woman who will see on celluloid this year - a smile alone can move the heart of more cold. Making the ability and appearance - why not this woman everything is done right now. Provide good support in small space in Salli Richardson as wife of Washington Berta. To say more to silence or watch than many Hollywood actors can manage in the entire film presents the audience of all stories long before any exhibition. For Washington's leadership, as I have said, it is the same to lead to its acting. Taking a story of a few audience will hear and make it really interesting is a hard feat that Washington succeeds with aplomb. The film does not run or angry, but it never feels slow or lighter. It is measured by nuanced, balancing humor and drama perfectly. Antony Fisher cannot inspire you if you like big movies, explosions, but not a Hollywood but for those who appreciate a piece of good behavior, and good performances and a positive attitude to address, this is for you.
