Unlike other speakers who have been commenting on the film's ability to pass the race, clearly, I think this powerful film gives a complex and comprehensive story describing the discrimination of institutions and its effects. Washington describes the story of Fisher with a keen hand and an important eye, denying this film's effort or forbidding the bodies of women, maintaining improper humor, not meet the expectations of white eyes. I think this film can be very fun at the end; however, it stands very well in the Afro-American culture and talks to the point that other viewers of white can get a sense of look in the life of Afro-American - Antione Fisher. I have problems with the Naval feature of the film, but when we look at America, there are not many choices or opportunities for black men who were / were in the form of Fisher or similar situation. Viewers can go to this film expecting "Modern Movie: What is" Movie Movie? "<br /> <br /> Do you show pimps, whores, drug dealers, single-parent homes, and so on" Modern Movie "I think Washington as a director to recognize that Afro-Americans and other colored people they face human problems as abuse and domestic violence in the name of a minority. These problems have been historically and current - given light and legitimacy through "Good! Hunting "with other white movies, it's a good time they were given the same recognition as legitimacy as their white counterparts in and out of the media. \ T Luke can wait ten years before receiving Oscar or anything else. Both will wait until they cite or star in a movie that promotes gender and gender discrimination to get to Oscar. and others before the day of "training" Oscar. That is not to ignore or push off other good actors and color actors who are denied their professional skills. However, Hollywood can send a message that gender discrimination and sexuality heterosexism is acceptable to continue and even provide these exhibitions as seen in many films such as "American Beauty," "Midnight in the garden of good and evil," "American Pie, "and even" Go with the Wind. Derek Luke is a hell actor and I love him. All businesses and executives gave them a very good exhibition, although I refer to Denzel's selection of another thin, colored red sistuh. The person should watch this film, however, it can be for everyone
