This film, which depends on the true story, comes from the first director and long-term, Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington has given us some of the best exhibitions over the past decade, as a black soldier in civil war in Glory, and a lawyer in Philadelphia known. And of course, made special insight last year when he won the Academy Award for Best Actor on Training Day, where Denzel Washington became the first North American to receive the award for Best Actor. I think Denzel wanted to change the pace, so he chose to direct Antimon Fisher, where he is also a star. Fisher is played by Derek Luke, who is new to the financial screens, but has made a show for visitors on television shows like King of Queens, and will appear in the release of Biker Boyz film. <br /> <br /> This is a well-made film from Denzel Washington, considering it was his first time leading. Of course, Denzel felt some kind of commitment and believed the real story of Antony Fisher's life. The Antonic Fisher is on a young African boy in the Navy who often gets fights, and after one of the shawl he is sent to see Navy Jerome Davenport, played by Denzel Washington. Davenport helps Anton to cope with his past problems and learn to continue his life, by finding his new mother who had to give him up at birth because he was in prison. What makes this film beautiful is the fact that it is not on melodramatic. I expected a little more thing like Good Hunting, and a lot to swear, to fight with dirt. It is not that I did not like Good Hunting, or swearing, fighting against film destruction was not there. On the contrary! However, the Antony Fisher is a true story, and I don't think that Washington wanted to erase the story for much of the film. Do not make a mistake, there are times when we see the Antone fighting, continue to have time when it looks like the world is approaching. After all, at his first session with his psychologist, the character of playing with Washington, Devenport asks Fisher where he was born, and the answer to the Fisher, 'from under the rock,' jab obviously in the loss of the soul of Antony Fisher. But I had to be aware of the fact that this film was not very emotional. I think it shows the real character of the Denzel Washington section to give a more realistic story and avoid the most common clichés which are common in Hollywood films, even those based on true stories. Another thing I would like to bring about Antony Fisher is acting. Above all, the performances were good in the film, but not the best. Sometimes, I think it was obvious that the main characters were executives, but in general, complaining about the exhibition in this film would be interesting. One legion that I would like to show in this film is Viola Davis. She loves Anton's mother, but says very few words in the movie all the time, but not so much because she looks at the end of the film, but more because she has been standing for her long lost son, Antone has seen her. What I would like to explain about him as an adequate actor for its use. He is a basic character actor, and I have never seen his play of any defining role. Performed exhibitions in Traffic, outside of Sight, Kate & Leopold, and two recent films: Far From Heaven and Solaris. In the remake of Steven Soderberg of Solaris, he played a scientist in the trick of deception that lost the planet. In the film, he faces George Clooney's character and he was impressed by tears because Clooney tells him in a certain area. When I first saw Solaris, I remember seeing her tears in the area and thinking, wow, this woman could act. It was like you could feel sadness of character. In a short shot of her face, she gave a lot of words and I honestly felt very sorry for her sadness and trouble in the film. I think he has the ability to define as an actor and must often be used in the lead roles, rather than as a character-driven actor. However, Antimony Fisher is a very good movie. Denzel Washington, as always, removes good performance and gives us the first first instructions. Also, Derek Luke is a very talented actor. I think Antonye Fisher will bring his great popularity to be shown to that person, but I think that his public popularity will be increased by the release of Biker Boyz, which also starring Lawrence Fishburn. Antony Fisher depends on the book "Finding Fish: A Memoir, 'and Antone Quenton Fisher. ***
