"And when it came when the danger of remaining strong in the bud was worse than the risk that was made to shine" - Anais Nin Marcel Proust says, "The real discovery of the discovery should not see new themes but for having new eyes." joined the United Nations to see the new landscape but the old spirits prevented him from seeing the world through new eyes. According to his findings "Finding Fish" written many years after the events, his story is featured in Antimon Fisher's film, the first attempt of Denzel Washington. It is with the heart of the heart as well as the formulaic to look at the painful process of moving from burnt to the old man to be able to live in the present time. It is necessary to attend medical sessions after a burst of anger in the Foundation, the pain of her childhood is shown by flashback as an older Antone (Derek Luke) describes her life in Psychiatrist Navy Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). ). For the first time he does not want to talk, but when he starts, the villages are opened. After his father was beaten to death by a girl and Antone was abandoned by her mother after being released from prison, she was placed in a house where she lived for 14 years, suffering from sexual abuse. According to Antons, his mother's treatment of promoting Mrs Tate (Novella Nelson) who referred to as "nigga" and her cousin Nadine (Yolonda Ross) was actually worse than shown on the screen. The only friend named Jesse (Jascha Washington) who, later in the film, adds only his feelings of abandonment. It is difficult to create a film close to mind sessions but it was done successfully in ordinary people with good Error Hunting for greater interest but it succeeds here because of the great Washington and Luke exhibitions, although the film's eleven-year attack A few months seems to be very simple. Davenport's humanity and heat, however, allows Fisher to feel secure enough to discuss his past problems with Cheryl (Joy Bryant), his new partner who is also in the Navy, helping him in his efforts to achieve success. <br /> <1 Cheryl's assistant and Davenport doctor's advice, Antonye offers self-confidence to come back to Cleveland and start a try and find her mother to complete the old. What comes to the amazing performance of Derek Luke is Antwona wants to be accepted, compared to the heartwarming dream shown at the beginning of the film he is a guest of honor at a feast filled with people who love him. Pastor Mort Sahl once said that "people should just keep in mind what we all here for: finding our way home ..." Antonye Fisher touches only by the desire of a little person to get his way home but it reaches all those who have fallen asleep, not knowing the joy of being loved.
