It is written and led by Steve Gordon. During the race: 97 minutes. PG announcement. It was a quintessential comedy of ten years. He won the Sir John Gielgud Academy Award. It was included in the VH1 of "I Love the 80's." And it seems to be very good today as it was given for the first time. Arthur is a comedy style to be heard about millions of alcoholism (played with enthusiasm and wit by Dudley Moore in Oscar's performance) who must draw between the woman he loves and the life he has grown. When a primary plot is one, there is nothing to say about this mix of clever and private chat. Arthur Bach is basically nothing more than an independent jerk, but you can't help but like him. Especially when it expands the lines such as, "Do you want you to me? I know I do!" He is also a definition from the hero of the archetypical film: unlike many rich characters we see on the screens of money, he does not feel ashamed to be rich. In one place, someone asks, "What does it feel to have all the money?", Which he replies, "Enjoys." Moore gives charisma and charm as a character that would be opposed to his audience. And Gielgud is as perfect as a servant of pride, telling his master to be very busy and despite his salary. Arthur is one of those movies that don't try to be brilliant or especially unique: it comes naturally. Screenplay - which has also taken a nod from the Academy of Academy - is filled with a realistic laugh-out-loud conversation. This is the kind of movie that, when combined with a group of poker partners, is pushing for ever. It also looks for its characters with sincere compassion. There were several comedies that are trying to talk to the drama for the death or death of the main star (including all of Grumpy Old Men's), but few can take it because we don't care. While this movie makes an amazing decision to knock the pastor, it works really, because we are like these people. Why should you see Arthur? The answer is simple: because it is all fun, innocent. While the film is getting worse, Arthur reminds us what he feels like going to the movies and having a good time. <br /> <br /> **** - Classic
