I remember to try a few minutes of this film, I am very surprised to look at it all, from director Steve Gordon, his only film led to the death of heart failure. Basically Arthur Bach (Golden Globe win, and Oscar appointed Dudley Moore) is a fun player drunk and everything he could want, hobson homes (Oscar and Golden Glob win, and BAFTA appointed Sir John Gielgud), and a lot of booze. She will get $ 750 million if she married the daughter of her colleague Burt Johnson (Stephen Elliott), the woman she and the family have chosen, Susan (Jill Eikenberry). But instead, Arthur finds himself falling for Queens Linda Marolla (Golden Globe has chosen Liza Minnelli), which actually threatens the inheritance, and 3/4 of his family from Stanford's father (Thomas Barbour) and Aunt Martha (Geraldine Fitzgerald) ). After the death of Hobson, Arthur, on the wedding day, he does not comply with the wishes of the family, but Aunt Martha still gives Arthur a legacy to live happily all the time after true love Linda. Also star Ted Ross as Bitterman, Barney Martin as Ralph Marolla, Anne De Salvo as Gloria - Hooker, Maurice Copeland as Uncle Peter Bach, Justine Johnston as Aunt Pearl Bach, Florence Tarlow as Ms Nesbitt, Marcella Lowery as Harriet - Martha's Maid, John Bentley as Perry and Peter Evans like Preston Langley - Guest Party. Moore is very strange and slightly less like a regular drinker, Minnelli enjoys as a woman loves him, and Gielgud undoubtedly makes a great impression of winning Oscar as a humorous humble servant who is surprising, a bright-screwball player. Win Oscar for Best Song for "Arthur's Theme (Better That You Can Do)" (also won the Golden Globe) (was the number 79 on 100 Years, 100 Songs), and was selected Best Writing, Screenplay Written directly to Screen, selected BAFTA Awards Anthony Asquith for Film Music for Burt Bacharach, and won the Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture - Comedy / Musical. Mr. John Gielgud was the number 35 on the Greatest British Artists, and the film was 53 for 100, 100 years of laughter. Very nice!
