Arthur has always been a personal film for me for two reasons. A good friend who worked on films as an extra and helping with horses during a solid area recently. If you see it quickly you can see Frank Graham during the restaurant area when Dudley Moore and Jill Eikenberry are talking. Frank was the winner of the winner and will be opened by all who knew him. <br /> <br /> Secondly, I knew real life Arthur Bach. He was not rich as Arthur, but spent 47 years of his life as a child. His parents are managing his fund fundamentals, but his taxes and services were paid at the lower floor of Greenwich Village. He used a good time of his own time to engage in various spirits and make a public festival, such as Dudley Moore does. Surprise by Arthur is why anyone would bother with the wealth of not. But that's the other half of the equation. My friend was a very good person when you knew him. In fact it was almost forced to be charming. He could not buy a newspaper or newspaper without trying to establish a relationship with the seller. He lived his life as a guest of the full party. The word wasterl that was commonly used in the 19th century will use him. And that's how Dudley Moore is, it's a problem. Unlike my friend Moore has John Gielgud cleaning after him. That is the perfect work as we see it in Arthur. My friend also did not find Liza Minnelli, male Liza Minnelli really because he was gay. Moore's photo of Arthur Bach is very accurate and is true to me. Arthur, 20th century, was forced to marry another trust of the child of Jill Eikenberry. Since he cannot work for survival, the threat of cutting is quite real to him. He has a Hobson player played by John Gielgud and Chauffeur Bitterman played by Ted Post to pour out his problems. We should have such problems. John Gielgud in his nearly a century of life had worked better than Arthur on the film and in fact Gielgud is better known for his stage action. However, 1981 was the year of impressions of Oscar. The college gave Henry Fonda and Oscars of Katharine Hepburn to Ondo Golden and Gielgud The best Award for Actor Award for life work. That man was wonderful, still in his craft near the end. So for Frank Graham who worked in the film with Jackie Weiss, real life of Arthur, I handed over this review.
