1928 is in many ways "lost year" in motion pictures. As some of the best films of the silent era were made in every kind, the sound was coming up - at the time of a great harvest in the box office - it had set up a film of film after five years as the film industry worked with new technology. "Show People" is one of the most controversial moments of silence. The film shows that William Haines had a comic knowledge of his most common form of a boy who felt more self-turning, he learned his lesson, then saves himself by winning a soccer game, polo game, etc.. by showing that Marion Davies was not Susan Alexander Kane. He had a nice comic institution and time. This film begins as Beverly Hillbillies-like adventure Peggy Pepper (Marion Davies) and her father, General Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper, fresh from the old South. Head of pepper has decided that he will allow the executive of the fortune of fortune to hire his daughter as an actress. At the studio station, Peppers run to Billy Boone (William Haines), a bottle player. It gets Peggy work to do. She does not know when she gets it a slapstick, but she stands. Finally he is discovered by a great studio and he and Billy are opening the way when he begins to take on the big responsibilities. Recently the new reputation found was his head, and he almost lost his public and gained a royal position when he decided to marry her new husband, who does not love the truth, unless fate is somehow interrupted. > <br /> One of the things that MGM regularly performs in its sophisticated films and films in its original sound films is a characteristic of how films made in MGM in 1930. This film is one of those , as well as we get Charlie Chaplin to try to get a Peggy autograph, the bulk of the cameos of MGM players at the time including King Vidor's own director, and even the cameo of Marion Davies as Peggy saw Marion Davies as Marion Davies came to work on the ballot. Grimaces of Peggy and mention that he does not care. Really happy from beginning to end, this is a silence that is definitely worth your time. This is one of the films that I also propose to use to introduce people to the art of silent movies as much as possible.
