I saw Marion Davies in several movies and could not understand her appeal. He could not talk to nuts, he did not try to sing and as he did - appeared in the situation. But I didn't see his silent comedies and this film is wonderful. Instead of pretending his own image, as shown here, it seems to me to be satire on Gloria Swanson, who began to play on the slapstick salaries, continued to photograph the emotional ladies and ended up marrying the Count. Marion, mimic high, also made a funny rabbit imitation whenever he wanted to look like a grand, was Gloria Swanson spot up !!! !!! Colonel Pepper (Dell Henderson) has led all the way from Georgia to Hollywood, decided to prove that his daughter, Peggy, (Marion Davies) will be the biggest star. Their hopes are decreasing and it is less than 40 cents that lasted with Billy Boone (William Haines) who works on a slapstick label and promises to get Peggy work. Peggy thinks he will be a very good actor but the studio thinks it is a wonderful comic. They persuade him to make a film and certainly he is a great success. Charlie Chaplin asks his autograph but he does not recognize him and treat him mildly. "Who was the youngest boy" - when he gets he loses !!! Peggy and Billy are calling from High Art Studio but Peggy alone is required and suddenly she is on the way. There is a wonderful place where he sees a star he does not think much - it's Marion Davies! <br /> <br /> She finally gets a chance to become an amazing actress - but she can't cry! !! It's a hilarious area if the director tries everything to make him alia and when he finishes, he can't stop !!! His new (Paul Ralli) Andre, who persuades him to forget his modern player and become an elite and modern - even gets a new name - Patricia Pepoire !!! It also seems that he forgot Billy and his father - created the personality "STAR" !!! When the slapstick label takes the same place as the movie "Patricia", Billy is glad to see him but he is not quite worthy of his snobby view. When she calls a clown cheaper she knows that she is not a girl who knew immediately. <br /> <br /> After the day of the label (the most amazing shot of the big star of the day) "Patricia" gets a call from the Lord. It seems his films are flop and no movies want to find them - the public is tired of his ways and want back to Peggy's past. He and Andre decide to get married, he is dreaming of being a Countess (even if Billy says Andre was used to serve a spaghetti in a little mid-cafe and no more counter than he). On his wedding day, Billy visits and after fighting with custard cottard fight he knows that Billy is the one. It was wonderful to see all the visitors of the aliens - John Gilbert looked through MGM doors, Lew Cody talking to Elinor Glynn, who not only wrote "It" but several romance was made in MGM movies. William Haines, another actor whose movies I had seen to see, was great - especially in the café, had a wonderful comic time. Harry Gribbon was as a director of comedy - there were many hilarious events in this film and Marion was over them all - I give this 10 film out of 10.
