Come back that day if Marion Davies had played druthers and did not just listen to William Randolph Hearst, he could make more films like Show People and have more fun. In fact when you see her getting her first break in two comedy, she would like to do it in her work instead of such epics as when Knighthood was in Flowers and Janice Meredith. <br /> <br /> What you see for all accounts in Show People is a real Davies, comedienne with a talent, a good mix with a nice and nice person. He could really recognize the character of Peggy Pepper aka Patricia Prepoire, he joined his role in pretending to be of Hollywood. <br /> <br /> If the People Show program was put in legitimate point you will call it a backstage story. I think that is one of the first movies about movies that you can call back to the camera story. Marion craves a hopeless boy who came to Hollywood as many others, looking for a great break. She wants to act, but her introduction to movies is like foil for burlesque comics. She gets her pie and seltzer in the face, but she learns her business. It also succeeds the heart of the actress actor William Haines. He gets his first break, but he doesn't think Haines and Marion can make a legitimate game with actor Paul Ralli, playing Andre Telfair, not pretending to be a Avignon Account. Someone here was taking a shot to actor Lou Tellegen, a partner of Sarah Bernhardt's husband and Geraldine Farrar and others and hearing them tell, one of the people who were despised in the movie. Show people is one of the first films to have a star-star display. You will see people like Charlie Chaplin, Douglas Fairbanks, William S. Hart, Mae Murray, John Gilbert, Eleanor Boardman etc., just be in and around the colony of the film. That itself makes Show People film worth saving. Show people also made good use of the traditional Tin Pan Alley songs like, Isn't We Enjoying, I'm Sitting On Earth, Would You Be a Surprise, California, Here I Come. When the film appeared in a voice brought, the song called Crossroads was brought into it. It's not a bad number, but no loan is given to the boy and the girl singing. I think that they do not appear, it seemed that there was no pay for it was necessary. I would still like to know and I am sure you would have the right to see People Show. <br /> <br /> It's easy to see why Marion Davies loved this film very much and saw it as a personal favorite. She looks at her home in this film and her true life is not seen through its performance that makes it a real viewer to the audience.
