I would say first that this show was high when John Ritter was there. On his death, the show has dropped slightly, but the producers did not stop on the show, adding James Garner and David Spade for regular cast from 2003 to 2005. <br /> <br /> stations show near Hennessy's relatives , Paul (John Ritter, may rest in peace), his wife Cate (Katey Sagal), their daughters Bridget (Kaley Cuoco), Kerry (Amy Davidson), and their son, Rory (Martin Spanjers). When Ritter was on the show, I would shout (and boast, I was), but now that she's gone, I will laugh just a little bit with a laugh of heart. I am so glad that I have fallen for these exhibitions after the death of Ritter, because it has made eps and Ritter very well. The Ritter behavior has been done well and well closed, so that you can help him but love him. She always does girls for girls, but she wants them to be happy. It is the last father hates youth entertainment. Katey Sagal is also good, and it is also a good character. After the death of the Ritter, her character gives good influence and strength to her children not only, but I believe Sagal has created the life of Cuoco, Davidson, and Spanjers, because she and Ritter were friends for a long time. The funniest man on the show will be Bridget Hennessy, played by Kaley Cuoco. He is the last blonde: good, swift, steep, but he is intelligent. She is far from the proud wall with her 'blonde' and innocent innocence and how she feels. Amy Davidson can get tad angry like Kerry, but that's the purpose of her behavior. The only fault of the show is that the show never gives Kerry anything to be happy about. He always has a bridget post, and his character feels like it's just thrown there. <br /> <br /> Martin Spanjers as a child of alone Hennessy is hysterical, and when Ritter is on the show, he is more comic devices. After the death of Ritter, the show offers the story lines to Rory. David Spade and James Garner have nothing but laugh, and a regular story for C.J, the Spade character. Garner has the father of Cate, as the news of natural news. All of them, I give this beautiful show through because it's a great show that had a terrible event happened. You will enjoy it. 0/10 / 10/10 - spy
