Simple Conversation Principles and My Teenagers had a good start. Tom Shadyac was very skilled in the project. This meant that the comedy would not be less surprising, and that's what happened: the show continues one of the freshest, funniest, the most extraordinary performances made too long. Each line, facial expression, choice of choice, location, all that comes from perfection. There was not one place after I thought, "A person who was not equal to others". Everyone was standing. Again, this is the kind of perfection we have come to expect from Tom. For those who do not know, Tom Shadyac is the director of Ace Ventura (first movie), Nutty Professor (first) and Liar Liar. Normally. He is a producer here not a director, but his touch of magic feels every part. The family has: The father: Paul Hennessy (John Ritter): Good, little neurotic, can be a regular pushover, works as a sports writer. Unfortunately John lost in 2003 leaving memory records and close-point reflection and suit. <br /> <br /> Mother: Work (Katey Sagal): come, who didn't love Katey when playing Peg on marriage with children? Al Bundy was our hero. We viewers gave him respect and love him never. But without the disgusting Pegi, parasites, idle life, Al would have been probably just another Chicago father instead of an aggressive Peg (life, truth) made him. Katey was MILF back and still is: brune now (instead of redhead) and as well as buxom as ever. Cate is a conservative mother and a loving wife. I know it seems to be boring, but usually, he fits perfectly. <br /> <br /> Woman dirty smoker: Bridget (played in full with Kaley Cuoco): almost never idiot played very well. Apart from Gob on the Capacity Development, Bridget can be a shoe for any award presented to this archetype. Bridget is inadequate, itself, is not very bright and tad slutty in his look. She plays the role of the best blumb than anyone else IMO. Perfection. One of the top features of the show. Geeky girl lost: Kerry (Amy Davidson): brune and geek, does not get love from life or environment. It should be overlooked, less appreciated and often ignored. She is a little sister of Bridget (in fact she is older than she) and two behaviors and the very opposite of the brain causes eternal fighting, a lot of our amusement. Son: Rory (Martin Spanjers): was the second characteristic of the IMO's funniest before passing the Ritter, then John passes, new characters come with Rory not wisdom-hitting the insulting hopes that he used: went to The character of David Spade. These were the main characters of John Ritter. Unfortunately, Larry Miller's hilarious (one of my loved ones) did not have a lot of screen time. Played a collaborator of Paul / competitor. After the dissection cost of aortic Ritter life in 2003 (September 11), the show was on hiatus for a while. No one thought it could come back, but it was made later, with several additional additions. This started the second phase of the show, and the new characters were: <br /> <br /> The rough and confident teacher: Ed (Adam Arkin): I've seen Adam here and there on the talk show. This was the first time I saw him doing nothing. Surprised, it's a word that I used. His work was very awesome. Unfortunately he did not bring it earlier. He also has the love of Cate's love after Paul passed. The gradual development towards this point (which would have looked at the first things) gives the creators many qualities. It was done slowly, consciously and skillfully, with constant respect to Paul (Ritter). <br /> <br /> Elder of position: Jim Egan (James Garner): an amazing addition to the series, was the food code for the 'old' jokes' endless, especially for ... <br /> <br> The 35-year-old unemployed half of the mother of the mother: CJ (played for the incredible length of David Spade): I knew Spade was strange, I did not know just that this was funny. Somehow, the well-known Spade presence appears in its character (as opposed to a distinct behavior), which is understandable, since he is comic and he is on the comedy show. This beautiful feeling seems like seeing someone giving lots of votes from David Spade's exhibition on the cinema, talk shows and work (award shows, etc.) and providing a great voice of Spade's sound and delightful voice, except, that is widespread. Since I mean you realize that you don't try to play someone else, or a new character: he is a striker, a funny spade we know, and it takes this beautiful formula of the most beautiful. Every line that announced, every fear was born, all natural, real. Spade was wonderful-funny; so, funny funny. <br /> <br /> The show of drama and drama were all upped after the show was back, but the audience thought, "John passed, no longer being the same". This is understandable, considering that we are talking about a group of people (US viewers) who gave 'Dear Lovers' a free journey but has led to the Andy Richter Control World cancellation at any time. If the show rate increases, its rate of decline decreased. Recently it was no longer, sadly. And I kept the best for the end: the Levites and Children's children were treated. And the boy, what it was. I'm still trying to remember only. It is a wonderful surprise that it would be mad for me to lose it, even if I legitimately do it under "spoiler ..." pretext. It is worth saying that it is something that you will never forget. I know I'm not :-)
