The public coast in Connecticut is the arrangement of this "under radar", an interesting, interesting, entertaining, and interesting film. Although he won the awards at a great film show, "Bad Swimming" was not released in the American film show, but was announced on the DVD form, and is shown on the movie for a decision. It is unfortunate that "Bad Swimming" has never had a Hollywood Hollywood sale, based on how many had beaten Hollywood Hollywood released this year, such as "I know who was killed." "Bad swimming", an independent self-independent film, had to swim over himself. However, in the “Bad Swimming,” Paget Brewster actor is delightful and believes as Amy, a teacher of a wired demeanor who is not just being thrown by her husband but also on losing his job, and end up taking gamble on a new life. TV soap player Jeff Branson - who is HOT - plays Noah, a faithful teacher, who can swim who goes to the extra length of the pool to help his pupils overcome their fears, and discover can learn from his students. Beautiful, sexy Jess Weixler (did you just see him in the business of the bank?) Deftly has Jordan, swimmer-to-be who works two, one as a dancer pole, another as a blackjack supplier. His behavior provides a catalyst for change between cooperation, but it is easy to be understood by the perpetrators, because of the lack of a "backward story" or for what he does what he does. Jordan is limited to still living at home with a younger brother, video-camera-toting who is spies on it. However, his parents do not show participation in his life in any way, which seems odd. No mother or drinking alcohol to explain why an ordinary, attractive woman from the neighborhood of Connecticut would choose to be a private drug user who isolates herself from the good loutish associations. <br /> <br /> With this quibble, "Bad Swimming" succeeds, for the most part, because it is fun, feel good film. <br /> <br /> If one can expect, learning to swim is an example of life. Finally it is better to fly with two feet, and get in swimming, rather than sitting on the deck, because life happens to you however. <br /> <br /> Swimming Great is a great movie of the date, great movie dorm, great "what I haven't seen" movie, and such people and women.
