I enjoyed the "bad swimming" survey at the New York Film Festival of 2006 last week. The festival shows some of the best independent and unusual films from the past year. It was my assumption that "The Big Bad Swimming" was selected by the observation at this festival for the simple reason that was shot in and around Connecticut in the East. However, if these qualities began to focus on I could only think about how well the "Bad Swimming" is compared to the others listed during the festival. In the distance, it has been written on my list, followed by "Puffy Chairman", "Killed Car Electric" and "Transamerica". "Bad swimming" is engaging, realistic and often - looking humorous on several adult education swimming students and their good teacher but who cares that he has a depth that I have not seen on the screen for a long time. Developing behaviors and lines of conspiracy that come from something strange as adult swimming lessons work in a subtle and interesting way that I have found good. The plan did not hit on the head and direction; instead it builds and grows physically at a speed that was a spot. I wasn't bored. I have never been beaten. I've never left the story on the screen. <br /> <br /> Filming is something like "Napoleon Dynamite" meets "Old School". Acting from an unidentified body of actors was reliable and their discussion was never found to be of concern or inconvenience. Obviously not the production of several million camera cameras was not stimulating and clear, but adequate and made to the budget. The lighting methods and photographs for photos published in the club's layout settings were particularly eye-catching because of a more realistic approach than a similar location found in "Welcome". I also got shots under the class water from the bottom waist seemed to be like a picture of the character as a shot from the shoulders until it could be. I am sure it is often said from many in the private sector of the film, but I have to say: If the "Bad Swimming" was not taken for some kind of distribution I would like to be very disappointed. "Bad Swimming" needs to be seen. If you have the opportunity to see this film, check IT! Discouragement is impossible!
