Sunday, July 16, 8:00 pm The Castro, San Francisco <br /> "If the South Colonel is doing it is Indiana" <br /> <br /> Hollywood's chaos has moved over a little mud in Marion Davies over years. That he had the attribute given to him and he had no reputation, often caused. Based on the drama which was often inserted, the opposition will appear to have some legitimacy. Like comedienne however, his star shone very much. Left to track the work in the comedy and light slapstick can be fought against the Normal Mabel. One of his achievements was the Show Vidor's (1928) people, which develops and is widely known because MGM has filled with star stars. Unfortunately this joy has been preserved among the best of its two stars, Davies and the University of Joe College's wise master, William Haines. Rumor shows Show people were free from the life of Gloria Swanson, who started at the Sennett festival and got up in an amazing game (And don't think she didn't spend all her life reminding everyone!) And by Stroheim, Walsh and DeMille. Unfortunately, the comedy studio used in this film is the original Keystone digs he had rejected the year before (Think of who worked there!) / Colonel Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper (Dell Henderson) gives his daughter Peggy (Davies) ) from Georgia to Hollywood to become a star in movies. The cover of these two countries is enough food for Billy Boone (Haines) which is not available, "custard pie artist?" who comes from their table of restaurants in a wonderful door (looking for a little with a towel), and then helps the country of Peggy part in her next picture. What he thinks is the top game it turns out to be screwball, but the job is working and Billy entices his ". All stars should take on the chin". In the preview, Billy and Peggy earlier in .. .. Charlie Chaplin, who asks his autograph! He pushes a little man aside and Billy is afraid to take the book and makes his sign. Chaplin climbs his car and Billy tells Peggy who has just dropped, so usually, it lacks. It's very funny, considering the character of Davies should not recognize this person! Peggy soon goes to work in Art Arts, changes its name to 'Patricia Pepoire' and leaves the poor Billy back. Davies is doing a wonderful performance of a good actor, with an example of breathing for everything and whispering lips. Vidor heals in the star star eating lunch in a long-track shot (and both sitting on the shoulder and shoulder, getting a camera!) Which includes Polly Moran (who also feels funny playing with Davies's maid), Louella Parsons (one of the friendly sponsors). ), Estelle Taylor, Claire Windsor Aileen Pringle, duo of the comedy of Karl Dane (with his hand on sling) and George K. Arthur (pretending to save money), Leatrice Joy (angry with antics of Arthur), Renee Adoree, Rod ( eating and smoking) La Rocque, Mae Murray, John (in clothing) Gilbert (who also appears driving through the MGM early photographs), Norma (eeww!) Talmadge and Patricia wearing like Marie Antoinette, beaten between Douglas Fairbanks ( as he does fraudulently with William S. Hart (protecting him from Doug). Billy runs the Artist staff on a place where a comedy group breaks their photos, and results of energy forecast. Vidor even works himself in the final area as the producer of Peggy's current production. Also consider is Harry Gribbon as director of comedy to make a great caricature of Eddie Sedgwick, Sidney Bracy as a wonderful director who can not get Peggy right for his screen test and then can't stop him immediately, and Paul Ralli as Andre, his great love and hilarious phony. When his behavior tries to 'act' like him though Davies screams at all the bad dramas that he could be forced and he is wise. It is true to show People are a hokey satan's 'good day of' ten years, still an example of the most entertaining work from MGM, Irving Thalberg, and their enormous wealth of collected talents . What a lot of shame is lost. There are also many examples of good films such as Patsy (1928), Vidor and Davies's successful comedy from the beginning of the same year, trembling in lids when they could see and enjoy.
