A few months ago I have collected 4 to 7 trips to the DVD (I had 1 to 3 on the video before then, because Kes is my favorite character) and just reaching the end. I saw them when they were on TV in England but they forgot more. Am I satisfied with the end? I think I am. Usually as I fan I would have to see more about what happened to the characters when they got home but that left for our thoughts. In many ways "Endgame" is the same as "Next Good Things" of the Next Gen Participation of workers in the future, but especially the captain. New love from finale (Troi and Worf in the Next Gen and Seventh of Nine and Chakotay here), which causes death later. I really loved the "Endgame," similar to all the characters, Neelix looked though he came out of the ship two pieces earlier. Belana gives birth to her daughter and Tom's love husband. Tuvok is sick but returning home means he can be healed. Harry has always been more concerned with deciding but accepting the trip is important. Doctor, in the future, is respected by all and finally chooses the name Joe! But in fact Captain has a great responsibility, meeting with his future man who wants to get home workers early to prevent injuries. Borg is involved, if they have played a major role in this journey of Voyager. Alice Krige plays Queen of Borg again for fantastically, just her voice and the way to act is very good. I feel sorry for Susanna Thompson though, Borg's borg television has been taken by the movie Borg queen. Maybe he didn't have any yet. Special effects are amazing, the center of Borg's position and the queen of Borg falls! It's too late. Especially when they come from the Borg's road and say their area is the same where they thought they would be after they said they would have to go to the leading direction of the quadrant delta. And what a good idea to get into the Borg field for protection, on special DVD components they say was like a Trojan horse. Travel can continue. If it was more popular it would have been connected to their original idea of ​​the crew who knew the ship is their home, as in Harry's speech and what Tom said because his wife and son were there. And they could come home to the film! Overall, Voyager was a little hit and missing. The sixth season seemed to be one good followed by one less than beautiful. Two events set out in the Holographic Village Irish are awesome! My Seventh Vision was that he took it, all that was close to him, which is not true. When he first appeared, the 4th season looked forward to a lot of events but it came out after that. And her character is highly skilled sometimes, 20 years as Borg drone gradually expand its humanity. I love him, especially in "Man who looks at me," "Lack of existence," and "Human error." When Naomi Wildman was afraid at first but then became his friend often on his side, that was good. Chakotay was my very little character. It was the chemistry and Janeway (did they not?) And you can never think he was the first officer, he completely pushed away the most time. I liked to see Tom and Belanna's relationship with the disaster. I loved so much Neelix. Tuvok was good at times, especially when he lost his logic, he was impressed and was friends with Neelix. Harry was angry sometimes but good behavior sometimes. Doctor may love him, see how he comes and combat the conditions he builds ("Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy" is amazing!). Janeway is my famous Captain of any series and you can tell Kate Mulgrew enjoys the truth. <br /> <br /> I would like to be more, I like Voyager!
