Therefore, each year there is at least one movie, which does not get any chance to be successful in the box office, because since the time of production, even before the direct beat is whipped, everyone who stimulates this film ... A long list of these movies, and finally, some are very serious (the world war (2000)), others may have their mistakes but are quite fun (Catwoman (2004), Elektra (2005)) and then there are few , which is really great for what it is, but no one accepts it! I mean, my wife, just because the great crowd should have victims every year they can take, not everyone joins them. So yes, maybe those movies are not perfect, but c'mon, how many movies? Not every movie needed to be new Lord of the Rings! Not everyone will enjoy these movies, but I betai more than they accept. Hudson Hawk (1991), who is just a wonderful surprise, the Night of the Night (1994), which may not be Oscar-worthy, but it is obviously not dumb all the time with a really beautiful, canceled (2002), which I thought was mixed The great humor of the sick and good romance, Gigli (2003), which was a good entertainment and some of the most memorable lines and not quite functional from the old "Bennifer" - Interesting, and this year is "Basic Foundation 2"! Well, I heard the pastor's rumors on my favorite movies I was very sceptically, and although I love them so much Sharon Stone I sat sceptically until I had seen this film. And in fact, I was so surprised! I can't understand why it gets bad media and bad vote here. It is not just an original copy, it has a very clever story, it has tension, action, humor and Sharon Stone that is quite amazing and comprising the role of her life! For 47 years when hitting the movie it seems to be worse than many stars in their 20 years, but it is more than a good, it works carefully, and all its looks, its popular smile, how she speaks and goes ... from the very first chapter he is in you cannot take your eyes. It is a pleasure to watch him as Catherine Tramell, and all other actors offer a strong exhibition, too! So I can't see anything wrong with this film ... it has a black, exciting, sexy and powerful look, powerful performances, and never feel bored! Maybe the story is not Oscar-caliber, but never even try! It is a movie of entertainment, and at this level provides completely in my opinion! So, try!
