Finally, after years of waiting for new films to continue with the sexuality of the "Primary Foundation", we have been given a good column filled with the necessary items for this franchise! I remember everything about nature, steam, romance, sex, interrogation, music (and Jerry Goldsmith principal), and everything else from violence and murder, for the fierce struggle of all kinds! Do not make a mistake, "Basic Foundation" was a true winner for the audience everywhere. I can remember in 2001 when we were informed about the first. Five years later, we have that. I have never thought that end like this. When it was announced that the project had dropped, it was certainly not possible to say if it was really possible to start. Well, I think we now know anything possible in this case. Even if the original director, or the author does not exist, we need only a delightful, always reliable of Sharon Stone, and we have a program carried out! Please, listen to me ... <br /> <br /> When people say that this film is bad, I think it's due to the fact that the style is strict, and slightly dated. I use the word "dated" just because we did not see a movie like it in many years, and the audience has changed to a trivial, interesting story on other movies that make money, and the only reason they do it. family friendly. Who needs a certain pit and clean? Of course it is a delightful thing to have, but c'mon! Refugees are rare these days, and "Basic instinct 2" gives us the real fans we expect. This film is not a winner of the Academy of the Academy, nor does it try to be. It saves only the fans of the zeal who have been expecting. It's a fun film. The film today seems to be taking too much, but this film is free and fun, it doesn't take itself seriously, not very seriously. He said, I will measure the film. <br /> <br /> The film is a second second film from the second second, as we see the Tremell Cathernine in the car, the 110 MPH-speed and enjoy the desires of desire to do so. Perhaps sex and driving are not confused, because our sexy athlete takes a bad foot and ... well, he leaves unscathed, but his learning partner is not good enough. Once again, Tremell is the first suspect of the accident, and will be placed under analysts and mentors. Dr Michael Glass (Morrissey) is provided directly from the first time she meets him. As another criminal tracker in front of him, he is inserted and shaved, slowly, and indeed. His refusal all begins to disappear around him as he hits the spell just has the ability to do. Tramell may be more dangerous now, than before, but as the first, we do not know, do you? Once deception continues, envy, anger, drug abuse, and a beautiful environment of beauty! This movie does not prepare first, but it mentions the events of the original film regularly from time to time. This is a good thing. It enables us as listeners to know that the script is written to bring up a few or two levels. Sharon Stone shines us again, as though 14 years has never happened. The second leg of the fraud writer is the same as before. Just amazing! David Morrissey is well cast, and manage pretty well. The fact that an unknown star was chosen, makes all its functioning enjoyable because we as spectators do not have its history, just what we see doing. My last-8.5 to 9 out of 10. So it's not the first, nor can it live up to the first chance of winning the prize. It can, however, live according to the standards set by the first film, and it makes people! It takes.
