"Wisecracker," actor William Haines, provides an enjoyable anecdote about the old star when he was 70 years old and retired from making movies. The old Gent was not impressed and rarely watch his own films, but in 1972 he was believed to attend the observation of the Los Angeles museum of the SHOW PEOPLE, the silence feature that made by Marion Davies. Prior to this, Haines was concerned that this comedy could cause a bad smell, but he was very excited (and of course he left) how good it was and how the small audience liked it. Look at the film today and you can see why: SHURIA PEOPLE are a delightful satire of Hollywood which remains its charm because it sets its goals and wit and flair, but without evil. It is still funny and its romantic points are still emerging. Of course, the film-making technology has changed greatly since the days of silence, but the protests and sluggish films themselves have not changed all of that. <br /> <br /> WORKING PEOPLE also stands to be the best working career of Marion Davies, the first comic singer who deserves a popular place in the great pantheon of great comediennes. Whereas his work was concerned Davies were both blessed and cursed by the successor of his successor, head of the newspaper William Randolph Hearst. It is known that Hearst made a great influence on Davies's choice, and also known that, despite her gifts for comedy, she wanted to see her playing heroines in the sporting period. For 20 years, for whatever reason, Marion was allowed to make its own items in many common comedies (including RED MILL and PATSY), but the PEOPLE SHOW, led by King Vidor's great, shows like to show him more enjoyable. William Haines gives a wonderful performance, and as beautiful as his girlfriend and co-star Billy Boone, but this is the woman who is showing the way. Marion plays Southern belt Peggy Pepper, a favorite actress who plays Hollywood with her father, decided to become a film star. (His father Colonel Pepper is played by actor / director Dell Henderson, actor of Griffith dramography, who is similar to Hearst!) One of the funniest insurance of Marion, often offered elsewhere, is his inquiry at the Casting Office of Comet Studio. While Dad will cause a sense to describe (“Long!” Happy! ”) And leaves the fabric on his face, Peggy is being taken with the correct expression. He is employed, just discovering that the comet makes lower-face comedies, the kind of comedi where people face the seltzer and worried soldiers on each other running for the rescue. Of course, the comet focuses on whether the Keystone withdrawal of Mack Sennett, but the true nature of the satire becomes clear as the story continues. Art Arts, taking the name "Patricia Peppoire" as the best for its new center in life as a good actor. At some point it may happen to us (as was true for the audience in 1928) that the opponent of Davies Gloria Swanson started in the drama. Keystone pre-growing great reputation in great dramas for Cecil B. DeMille. And if Miss Peppoire is engaged more and more, giving up a high cure of former colleagues such as Billy Boone's low, Davies's performance takes on the worst aspect of life as it looks for the purpose of Swanson himself. This is especially important during a series of interviews, while Miss Peppoire spokesman will be concerned when the star will open a spot-by pretending to Swanson. I think this was the goal of a friendly spoof, but I wonder how a friendly relationship was between Gloria and Marion after this film was released. <br /> <br /> In any event, show people are treating delicious for buffs, who will delight the violence of all star stars. Charlie Chaplin contributes well, without makeup and appearance very distinguished, looking for an easy autograph of Patricia Peppoire! (And in the show of the beauty of the games Marion Davies herself puts you feel feel filled, the evening logo for an exciting Swanson for poking fun yourself) This is a silent film that viewers are not particularly dealing with silents can be aware, at least those audience with a taste of movies about the film business. SHARIA PEOPLE are certainly in an elite company such as SUNSET BOULEVARD and SINGIN 'IN RAIN, among the most innovative exhibitions of Hollywood, a fun practice for self-evaluation.
