As a child I always hated being forced to go through music. I have never understood why people would come out of the same song, and I was too little to appreciate art (choreography, set design, costumes, pacing) behind all. Carol Reed is "Oliver!" it was one music I remember exciting as a child, maybe because it is one of the dark and very suitable for the spirit of the Dickensian player. This is music about the life of the ghetto in London of Victorian, and when the structures and setting structures are solid, dark, and true to that way of life, it is a wonderful thing for people to get into those ridiculous songs during their misery. On a recent look, first since childhood, I have new ideas and understanding of what this music "works" in this amazing thing to break through a song type, and why many do not have that to me. <Br /> <br /> When music works or says something, it's because they recognize their own fraud. Lars von Trier of "Dancer in Darkness" as a danger and work and reach as it was, worked as music for music numbers were the product of the main character of the protagonist, an immigrant based on Hollywood music. Similarly, the most amazing and fun “Chicago” worked at the same level because the music numbers were the music of the homicidal player. Musical instruments do not work when they take their own pregnancy in large quantities (as in the "Moulin Rouge") or it is very simple on anything (ie something that is useless as "Mary Poppins"). After watching "Oliver!" for the first time as an adult, I saw it in a new light. He was told very much from Oliver's limited view, I saw the music numbers as a child of his childhood ideas and his way of dealing with the life of ghetto around him. The best number of music was probably when Nancy got everyone in the tavern signature and played about the fun of drinking (like the help of the poor Oliver's poor escape from Bill's worst Bill Sykes). It was a refusal to be seen as a true voice that shows that drunkards can start singing around the piano. There are other beautiful and common tunes to be heard here, and the direction and effectiveness from the direction to the extra play is every high number. Still, for all its destruction (although you are happy to end up with Oliver at least, though things certainly did not die for you with Nancy, and unless you think about life on the road that your pocket is happy, it was not necessary to end Fagin or Dodger , although their tune fasting of peppy) I can't do this as a family film, although I don't think to show children over seven or eight years of doing any harm. This is a difficult story about the unfortunate orphan trying to try to survive on the street and find happiness. I think it would be interesting to see a modern review on this how, maybe the recipient takes, where people in Compton's streets make good music about their terrible life. I would like to see a hip-hop-free version of "Oliver!". I always thought Dickens could translate well into those things. As it stands, "Oliver!" perhaps it was the last of the most popular films and perhaps it is a G-rated film that I have ever seen.
