The great movie songs were made between 1950 and 1970. This 20-year spell can be the correct name of "Golden Era" of the kind. There were music before it, and there have been music since ... but classics actually seem invariably to be made at that time. Singin 'In Rain, An American In Paris, Band Band, Seven Women to Seven Seven, Oklahoma, South Pacific, King And I, and many more, stand as long as a very valuable value of age. Perhaps the last music of the "Golden Era" is of 196 Reed of Carol Reed "Oliver". Available easily from Dickens novels, this powerful music is a version of the production of a successful action. It is a good film, won six Oscars, including the best photo awards. Orphan Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) lives a pain in the workhouse, his mother after childbirth after giving birth. Following the occasion of one meal, she is removed from the workhouse and ended up being employed at the funeral home. But Oliver can't stay exactly in his new job, and he avoids after a few days of trouble. He makes a long trip to London where he is looking for his opportunities. Oliver is taken under a baby candy wing which is called Artful Dodger (Jack Wild) who also works for Fagin (Ron Moody), an old-age-old elder. Despite the illegal working conditions, Oliver finds good friends among the new "family". It also makes Nancy's friend (Shani Wallis), a cruellest lover and a cowardly coward, Bill Sikes (Oliver Reed). After many adventures, Oliver finds its true nature and sees that he is actually from a rich and well-doing background. But his chance to reunite with his real family is dangerous when Bill Sikes misuses Oliver, making him a helper in some of the damage and great care. "Oliver" is an amazing and amazing film, always enjoying the eye and efficiently working and giving us talents. Moody returns to his role of action and great titles, the film savings from the youth for his powerful performance like Fagin. Lester and Wild performs as well as young teas, while Wallis enthusiastically reduces Nancy and Reed's role as a contempt of the truth as Makesis. Music numbers have been done with amazing accuracy and sense of the festival - Choreography of Onna White's Oscar helps to make a song-and-dance to keep the pieces so memorable, but the interesting artists and skillful leadership of Carol Reed also play their part. Unsupported tunes include "Eating Food Foods", "Think of yourself", "You need to Take a Pocket or Two", "I Could Do Anything" and "Oom-Pah-Pah" - all the interesting songs, provided through a great way to put together . Film is a very entertaining experience and never loses momentum over all of its 153 minutes. Sit back and enjoy!
