OLIVER TWIST had a quarrel with success after the Dickens publishing in 1837. One day he was going to London and took a young woman who was a friend. Said hello, but he was very tough with him. He could not understand this. A few days later they met again, and asked what he had done to offend him. "Well, if you should know, I did not like your last novel," he said. "Really, everyone else thinks too much." He was worried: "What's wrong with that?" "Oh, Charles," he said, "I am a Jew. How can you create a character like Fagin?" He did not have this expectation: "Well ... you know that last year's Ikey Solomon, a thief of the thief. He is an example of Fagin and he was a Jew." Dickens discovered that there was no king. "Yes," he replied, "he got what he deserved. For Charles, they did not call him" Solomon the Jew "as you call" Fagin "Jew. Moreover, Solomon did not have a plan to kill. of what he said. ”/ <br /> Oliver Twist was published in several versions. Dickens tried to improve a little Fagin, then he got an idea. added additional information. He gave his girlfriend to know about his decision to change Fagin. The day or later he met him at a friend's home. He likes to change? ", He asked." Charles, what changes - it is still a bad girl called "Jew"!, "He replied. he had seen this, but he felt he was so bad he had to be scared. "Ah ... then I was right about it ... and did you see the little details I added?", he asked. "What is the explanation?", he replied. "When you see Fagin first cooking himself dinner ... you read it?", Dickens looked up to him to realize. Instead, the woman seemed to be confused. "I read it in a hot room, but I must give this passage." that he was a brilliant, "He saves the pig's sausage for his dinner." "What!" he said. "He eats pork, my dear ... see - he is not a good Jew!" head ch his, and his despair left his friend's house. She did not talk to him for years. Dickens never had completely deleted its own bigotries, but the situation has led to a revision of a revision component in its last completed novel. In our Neighborhood Association (1865) he has a small character, Mr. Riah, who is used by an informal landlord to collect huge taxes from poor tenants. The owner considers that Mr. Riah will be judged because he is a Jew. But Mr. Riah is a good man. He is a very good person. He is a very good man, beautiful, very good - it's very good to be unreliable. If Fagin saw Mr. Riah working he could dismiss him with a stick. <br /> <br /> Photo of Fagin's anti-Semitism is approaching today. It is a dickens genius as a writer that the novel fails. However, by presenting a story on the film, it still causes problems for movie authors and directors: how, after the genocide, a person can make a novel film that deserves without a big vote? David Lean showed how to have Alec Guiness looks at one or two scenes depicting the human side and in dealing with the group at the end and true respect. Sir Carol Reed, in its music version of the novel did better, because of rewriting it on the original music script. OLIVER had been held in the West End music in the mid-1960s, and then sent to Broadway where it was again hit. For the beautiful Lionel Bart, including "Food Food Foods", "I Look at the Status", "Think of yourself", "Boy Buys", "Who Will Buy", "Time as He Needs Me"? you have to succeed. Reed did his job well, including his partner Oliver Reed as Sykes, Ron Moody as Fagin, Mark Lester as Oliver, Jack Wild as Dodger, Shani Wallis and Nancy, and Harry Secombe as Bumble. There was no great success in Hollywood for ten years - the last music to win Best Picture Oscar was GIGI in 1958. OLIVER won in 1968. And Fagin - how to handle ever the problem of caricature? Particularly in Fagin's music has not been captured, it was tested and implemented for the killings made. After all, even Lean demonstrated Fagin tried to control his participant in his actions. But here Fagin knows that it gets too old to rely on this type of life chancy. Although he loses his wealth (the stolen items he found because he knew their value, and loved their beauty), he decides to change. He is allowed to do so, accompanied by his faithful acolyte, Artwork Dodger. I don't think Dickens could accept the change (his girlfriend might be), but modern listeners agree that it is appropriate.
