Almost very well ... "Vampires of John Carpenter" was an entertaining, solid piece of popcorn entertainment and a small budget enough to be inserted with special effects. And indeed it aims to "From Dusk to Dawn" -audience. "Vampires: Los Muertos" tries the same as rock star Jon Bon Jovi play one of the main characters, but is that very close ... I haven't seen Jon Bon Jovi on any movie, so I can't compare his work in "Vampires: Los Muertos "for other roles, but I had already won his good performance. After starting the movie, he insisted I didn't expect to hold any guitar and play "It's my life" or something, but kill the vampires, without showing compassion and doing the work that should be done. This means a lot, because part of the audience (also I) would be thinking: "... because he's rockstar ...". Of course Bon Jovi is not James Woods but being faithful: It may be worse, and in my opinion Bon Jovi made a very good performance. Arly Jover's players are not the skin of the vampire killer of the vampire leader we met in Part 1 (or the same way as "Ghosts of Mars"). Jover plays a very vampire and very stirring, going like a lithe like a cat, striking as fast as a snake and wearing a thin, narrow almost transparent. And even the effects of the eyes help its kind of movement is very well done. It takes really to beat him. But the director is in some part of the film just to avoid turning the movie from the point-horrorfilm to the worst fears like Murnau's "Nosferatu". You can almost see the trial of the director of creating a film with personal and distinct information. This is the real power of the film and at the same time its weakest stages: viewers celebrating the blood of the first movie are probably looking for fresh blood for a second time and you may be a little disappointed. Do not make a mistake: "Vampires: Los Muertos" It's fun-blood but not at all of this kind of movie. Just think about the murder in the bar compared to the area in which the vampiki tries to deceive Zoey in the ruins: what the bar killing is what you expect from popcorn-america entertainment, the cheating-damp area is more than a movie like Europe (movie wishes to tell us more about the relationship between Zoey and vampiress, but he rejects a response at the same time. It would have slowed down the action, the suffering creature now and not just the animal that kills anyone. And that's why I decide if the movie is accepted by the original movie or not. And also: Is "From Dusk to Dawn" - Is this knowledge going? I don't know about it. However Tommy Lee Wallace did a very good job, "Vampires: Los Muertos" are amazing surprises. But I also think the leading sequel of the popcorn movie Wallace sometimes almost very creative, also expressive. As he separates himself from developing his talent to meet the expectations of the audience. In my opinion, Wallace's talent spells out the movie and life and maybe sometimes sucks at the same time. "Vampires: Los Muertos" are very close. (I give 7 out of 10)
