In the first three films of Frank Sinatra, he was just an extraordinary act: struggling for himself, he only shows the club's song during the nightclub of someone else's movie. In his fourth, very interesting 'Top and High' film, Young Blue Eyes change work by playing a real space ... work has been made easy because he plays himself in a story story that gives him the opportunity to croon a few numbers. <br /> <br /> The door of Sinatra is quite funny. Michele Morgan hears the knock at the door, and asks who is there. From outside, the answer to the Hoboken-toned sounds 'Frank Sinatra'. Certainly enough ... <br /> <br /> Open & Top Docs' documents can combine some viewers, as the names of the song tracks Rodgers and Hart are clearly displayed. In fact, they only contributed one song to this music: 'Disgustingly Rich', which this has been left to stop as a kind of intro for the song, 'I am Debutante'. Interestingly, that song of Rodgers & Hart - one of their weakest - perhaps is a very small song to enjoy this movie; several others are high tempo numbers, especially 'It's the most important thing', 'When Love You, You Are Over' and 'I Found You First'. <br /> <br /> Sinatra in this film, but would do better work (and sing better equipment) elsewhere. The actual 'Top and High' values ​​are interesting and other actors who rarely made a film. Paul and Grace Hartman were the most famous maternal-dance team of the most famous Broadway newspaper: sympathetic ballroom players, they put a lot of comedy in their dance equipment. (Here, Grace makes a high seat that takes a shoe from Paul's hands.) Grace Hartman, who died of cancer at the age of 48, did not work on a film at all, so it is a real pleasure that this film gives us a little chance of see close-up, hear her voice of beautiful singing and see how sexy it looks in her uniform. After the death of Grace Hartman, her husband had a long career as a character actor, just playing solo. (Or with Ken Berry in one memorable section of 'Mayberry RFD'.) It is also very interesting to the maid's hand here 'Top and Top' is a young young singer Marcy McGuire. Why did this talented girl not have more movies? Probably was just very similar in the personality of Betty Hutton. I enjoy Hutton shows but I would like Marcy McGuire even better. Near the end of 'Up and Up' there is an exciting physical business including McGuire and Mary Wickes as attendees, taking a turn from the table to the table in the nightclub. The combination of the short McGuire series and the very long Wickes tend to hilarious! Sadly, though Leon Errol plays a major role in 'Top and Top', he is given close to no comedy business: not once he makes his famous dance league football. Jack Haley, despite paying his famous bills, also loses. It is very well represented here Dooley Wilson, not remembered as Sam from 'Casablanca'. In the film, Wilson sang his own but did his work of 'As Time Goes By'. (In real life, Wilson could not play the piano.) Here at the 'Up and Top', he sings beautiful and gives exciting effects to other players. Less enjoyable is Mel Odious, I mean Mel Torme. Victor Borge gives the performance of a rare film here, taking his deftly dialogue but never making any of the comedy keyboard which later made a success in his stage shows. <br /> <br /> plot? Forget. 'Up and High' is not the idea of ​​'big' music, but it's fun, and I will beat 8 out of 10. Director Tim Whelan, who worked in the UK and Hollywood, deserves to be the most popular.
