Up and Top was one of Broadway's Rodgers & Hart's music had only 84 piles on Broadway in 1940. However, one of their great hits didn't get into my mind. Yet only one less song, So dirty dirt, the entire Broadway score was hit when RKO bought film rights. Instead of the new new Jimmy McHugh and Harold Adamson's new written text, especially to thank Francis Albert Sinatra who was making his first film. Sinatra, who had done some of the voices in the previous films, takes a leaf from the Bing Crosby rival page. When Bing beat the first film in The Big Broadcast, he played Bing Crosby. Frank Sinatra took Frank Sinatra's position and I can't imagine anyone who could do a better job. The Chairman of the Board has taken three here behind the star Jack Haley and Michele Morgan. She is a pastor and she is a servant of scullery for Leon Errol. In fact, Errol is a millionaires who do not care for her support for seven months. Especially because he wants to go to the stomach up to chapter 11 or so he informs staff. Errol is a good working age and none of the staff wants to lose something good. They steal their resources and find Michele Morgan to imitate Errol's daughter who is more than Switzerland and her mother. The idea is to have a rich bank in the hope of saving the family luck. It's just Michele who starts looking at another. <br /> <br /> It is a little plot and certainly no worse than many songs, but RKO has invested this film and gave us a good set of players. Barbara Hale and Elizabeth Risdon dancing another woman and her mother accusing the wrong thing, Victor Borge is fortunate to find no account, Dooley Wilson, Paul Hartman, Grace Hartman, Marcy McGuire, Mel Torme and Mary Wickes, playing at Errol's home staff. It's not just a bad company. Sinatra sang three good ballads with some kind of business success, Music restrained, The best way to spend the evening, and I couldn't sleep on the last night. The last one was chosen for Oscar for Best Song, but lost to Alice Faye You Will Not Know. <br /> <br /> 1943 was the year of the Union of Pregnancy Against the recording sector. To get their material, Frank Sinatra wrote songs from Top and Top with an acapella tool for Columbia. Bing Crosby wrote songs from his Dixie film in the same manner of Decca. Both were sentenced by the president of unity, James C. Petrillo as attackers and both did not cross the picket line again. The collision was not fully developed until 1944 though Decca broke earlier from other record companies and stayed earlier than Columbia, RCA Victor and others. The strike was once at a time of concern for Sinatra. He had just dropped Tommy Dorsey Orchestra when the strike was called. It opened a place where it was needed for his crafts when he was not sure whether Dorsey's departure would be a good job of moving. Good luck, Top and Top received well the story launched.
