Merchants ..... <br /> <br /> I saw the first on the TV some time ago and remembered this production as a lower than a Beeb game most costume. I visited the DVD this week and still feel the same. It is a good story for the first time, but it reduces when the heroine becomes oh so brave and decent and returns to her husband at the worst when she is sick and I have completely got angry with her holiness. I think this was "the right thing to do" when the story was written together and contributed a lot of angst, and it was difficult for a self-reliant woman and her husband as a marriage did not make it more than her possession, only to continue a scandal with a partner if I expect many modern viewers they would like to see. But it is difficult to take cleanliness these days and especially when this heroine was strong, a brave hero ready to defend against anyone and everyone. So re stories like in the film I am horizontal. It has been done according to the novel, but it causes somewhat like the life of today. The perfect hero Gilbert was certainly holy to consider his distinctive character and often to cry and continue to deny himself and be a great aid. So I felt a great shame that when Helen was free for a long time with him, the script did not allow him a little more than one minute to fall to each other with a quick hug before names. This was quite ridiculous when we were waiting all this time through all the feelings of losing over the unworthy husband for good conversation and agreeing between the hero and heroine. Instead, the end was like the creators of the film lost time or money or they could not have problems. "Here you are - one minute, do what you can with it, then cut if the director wants to return home now ....." I was left feeling totally defeated. However, much higher suffering for the acting of Toby Stephens the perfect and very beautiful hero, and Rupert Graves is a good and compassionate villain. Tara Fitzgerald had a satisfactory inside of the script which forced him to be a depressed victim and very cleansing at that time. It said, I would like these conventional dramas and almost all are seeing better than the "modern" game on television these days. So 7 stars because despite the anger is still looking good.
