I first saw this series of mini-series several years ago on British TV and once interested in the story. This was very strange if I wasn't a big fan of 'Jane Eyre' or 'Wuthering Heights'; I think the former heroine is self-righteous, and the last piece of work as a clamprap overblown. <br /> <br /> 'The Wildfell Hall Planner', as the aforementioned work, is also sad in part. However, the dark areas of the film were brought to the attention of Helen's escape, the beautiful wild Yorkshire landscape, and the sex magnetism of Toby Stephens. This video efficiently shows the life of the barrier that prevents all women of that time. For the best they suffered from the type of small domestic violence as shown by the women's treatment in the Markham household. On the other hand, there is a unfortunate Helen who is married to a rich real estate man, but is known for the brutality and humiliation associated with the long-term rejection. He runs away from the short-term experience of independence but, as the secret women living alone in the rural community, he undoubtedly becomes a matter of patience and perseverance. Tara Fitzgerald is as good as long-lasting Helen Markham. It's not just very good (despite the very amazing hairstyle) and the most amazing cheekbones, she is also more able to play the main role in the film. Tara is honored by itself, at the same time, enabling us to see that Helen is still very dangerous. The Rupert Cemetery is contaminated, but surprisingly interesting Arthur Huntingdon - after seeing him, I can't imagine another actor playing that part. Pam Ferris deserves special mention of her role as Gilbert's mother of fun, such as an actress who played with her sister Rose, and Simon Carter who is an impatient pastor and a taste of good things in life. Finally, I was able to watch this film by Toby Stephens alone; he is very good, powerful, wise, wise (but not in a pleasant way). I don't even know if he is a good actor if my hormones prevent me from judging him deliberately! If there is an error and the film is a stimulating use that I felt that all interfered with the flow of stories and made it a bit. Other people, who have watched this film with me, also had trouble with this, and I saw I was explaining that some of the events were real retrospective. Thank you for the people who are responsible for making this film. Not only did I choose a video (a normal event), but it helped me buy a great novel Anne Bronte. Usually, this was better than the film, but only in small quantities. I recommend that anyone who is interested should watch the film and then read the book for the same procedure. <br /> <br />
