"Creep" is a new awesome movie which, of course, will delight many fans of just kind because it is low and sure! It has a time of real seizure, a whole series of gore events and a rare tension of claustrophobic. Something that is not logical and solid but, to tell you the truth, that did not treat me the second. When the last attributes begin, there are still many unanswered questions but the director / author Christopher Smith (in the beginning) seems to prefer to focus fully on the tension and adrenalin-run action rather than long, soporific negotiations and theories that can describe the existence of "travel "on the streets of London. This story is about Kate and the proud, who holds his own party to go and meet the famous actor George Clooney who is in the city to give his new film. He sleeps on the highway, lost the last train and finds himself tied to the underground network. Things can be scary when he meets a shadowy shadow who lives in old halls and kills people to try them. Even homeless people, security guards or sewage workers cannot save him from this angry monster! In fact I danced character-rage! He sprays, hides and screams but in a strange way. Christopher Smith leaves us only with clues and tips, and is just for the viewer to think this nature of nature and nature. I say this is not original, and I am sure many people don't appreciate the lack of content, but I forgive Smith and I think it's better this way than to go up, "Jeepers Creepers" -style (the movie started well too, but only the identity of Creeper was clearly turned out to be a very frightening effort. A clear-to-love feature is a terrible year! There is a strong stimulation in this film and decisions, with sound effects, convincing them. The bad layout of London's abandoned road at night is used effectively. There are also present talents in this film, with Franka Potenta (Run Lola Run) back to the worst fears about five years after the German movie "Anatomie". Creep is a great entertainment when you have an unintelligible sensation and Christopher Smith is certainly a director I will consider. Make sure you don't need to take a low road after watching this film ...
