This is a little good shocker; not perfect for any stretch of thought, but solid, capable and disturbing. A good example of a simple idea is written in a 90 minute compelling script. Establishment does not require alarms and applause, no long-term concepts or behind the word; Kate (Franka Pontente), a young German woman living in London, appears when trying to train the last train. He awakens to get a chance to be left, but soon comes to realize that he is far from alone. Someone, or something, is down with him and his purpose is very evil. In fact he meets with several other characters in his quest to live, including a good workmate, homeless and homeless worker, all increasing speed and substance to plot . There is a little gear enough in the middle of the film when the excitement of tension enters into the fest, but there is nothing that causes the escape of hectares. For those of you with a weak mind this might be a difficult journey; for those who enjoy little of the well-executed world killings must put all the bonds of justice. At the end of the film you may not be more successful than the main body of the film, but it is punctuated for a good time to explain the unexpected social definitions that provide a satisfying conclusion. Others may feel comfortable with clarity about the exact nature and background of the threat encountered by Kate and its members, however, for me this was not. The fearful film writer should not need to feel compelled to dot every i and cross every t, in the same way as the author of political fans can be expected. There are enough signs here to give you a very good idea of ​​what led to this evil, and to make a deep and lasting solution. The preservation of certain privacy conditions is accepted and reminds us that in this film the trip was always more important than the actual destination. My understanding is that this film's budget was, say at least, a small, in a situation where our fears of this UK should be too big, for no one has a sense of horn or potential impacts. release. If this looks like your type of film then maybe it is. Buy tickets and climb inside.
