Emory is a Cincinatti metal worker as his father before and for more than 20 years the twin of his family's existence has become a metal and united mill. The key, which had been employed by 45,000, has seen its number decreasing to 5,000 recently and now 1, if the plants have closed its doors, leaving one guard. At first, the unemployed Emory and its pals enjoy their freedom, disappearing around the city and disgusting to their favorite bar, where it exposes "deep charges" and abandons it regardless. They think the mill will open again after hearing their rep's party hope, but the truth begins to sink when they sell their private cars in the struggle to put food on the table and eliminate their homes. Emory's father - a volunteer man - is sure the plant will reopen and remember all his short-term son after his 35-year term in the mill. At the same time, some unemployed men take on work to work or work on their trucks and overcome the desperate search for work. Finally the unity agrees that it is useless, as Emory explains to her runaway father that times have changed and that the mill will never come again. Emory asks for tears "What did I do wrong?" as a life of hard work and commitment to work, unity, church and family have left him with no place to turn. He blows under the rock when he gets angry to beat his young children and defeats his wife on the floor. He was expelled from his own home and came out of the opinion of the plant manager that he and his men did not work hard to justify their huge payout, Emory employs iron workers while leaving the city to do something that will show them all they can. Early in the morning it goes into the mill, cleans the lids and work harder than it did with their lives, producing high-quality steel pipes to fill the loading docks from the wall to the wall, up to the bottom - something the plant manager thought it was impossible. Getting to the opening of a sudden opening, the manager standing up around him with a big output that came from a one-day job, knowing that this production could make a profit of growing again. Manager asks Emory: "Can you do it every day?" Emory is forced to nod "No" and the manager asks: "Then you would try to prove?" Emory explains that decades of hard work, honesty and dedication to their work were meaningful and that to show how they can produce in one day "We just spit in your eye." Emory is withdrawing from his wife and children with tears as he takes away his friends to find work down south, promising to move the family when he gets it. This is a powerful and reliable treatment of the US workers who have run away from foreign competition and offers a realistic view of the costs that produce for a short-term cooperative cooperative and greedy owners' owners who removed all the money they could from their industries. but they did not give birth to the modernization. Peter Strauss as Emory, John Goodman as his best friend, Gary Cole as his university brother, Pamela Reed as a sympathetic wife of Emory and John Doucette as his dead father with beautiful performances in this beautiful picture.
