Ah, McBain ?? The character's character is immortal and ever laughs with "The Simpsons" but also always? to me personally, at least? remain the name and head of the opening of the great stage of entertainment and the early fighting of the 90's stage; led by a dude cool who brought us "The Exterminator" and with the last two stars of badass B-movie Christopher Walken and Michael Ironside (end with cute little ponytail eyes). I think "McBain" largely should be called the pleasure of guilt, because there is no way that I can persuade anyone this is a picture of mental motion. The film is not suitable for a lot of power (many practical heroes take a small gangster?) McBain takes the whole country) and still takes itself very seriously. Script is a non-stop spitfire and abnormal clichéd situation, nonsensical twists, interludes must be sentimental, grotesquely processed action and drawings completely implausible drawings. It's a very interesting movie; I liked it. Vietnam POW life of McBain is saved by his fellow soldier Roberto Santos on the last day of the war. Each puts half of the dollar as a mark that McBain is the debt of Santos. Eighteen years later, Santos is a rebel leader who led the coup against the corrupt president of his country of Columbia. The first attempt of Santos to take power is defeated and he has been beaten to the public on the El-President's balcony. Her sister travels to New York and reports the dollar and returns to McBain for financial support and staff. McBain and his former Vietnam friends, all of which happen to be destroyed by the injustice of this world, their own contract is the worst airplane and fly to Columbia in order to unlock the great potential of the dung. Well, let's come here. The fact you read the user's comments on "McBain" already shows that you have some kind of interest for the low-budget B-movie budget. One of my colleagues spent a lot of time creating a list of all the main stupidities and anonymous "McBain". This list is quite accurate and I can only agree with it. Heck, I can even add the most insignificant sequence to the list (such as an arrogant squad of the proud hero who has nothing to do with the aim of the message and others of McBain's squad), but what is the point? Certainly you do not expect a prestigious 100% cooperation. We know from the beginning that this would be an unpleasant and very interesting movie, and perhaps the real reason we want to look at! This is a very serious and exciting movie about a group of former Vietnam friends who turned into a colony and declared war on the collapse of colonial President and cartel of national medicine. Please do not expect another "Apocalypse Now". This picture of motion depends on the exhibition of the ruff 'n tuff officials of optical instructions, a lot of blast and gun with ?? the last but not the least? The strange sound that Joan Baez sings on "Brothers in Armor".
