When I first heard about the head, I thought about 'The Simpsons', like many other voters, but when I saw the beatings, I was completely surprised, that many actors-bulk actors would be in this! First of all, we have Christopher Walken (Deer Hunter, Pulp Fiction), who has a title character, McBain. He is rescued from the POW camp of Vietnam and some of his friends, one of whom is Santos (Chick Vennera, Yanks), who beat BILL DOLLAR HUNDRED and McBain (Vietnam soldiers are full of cash in cash) and told him that he could renew his permission, if he comes in trouble. Then, 18 years later, Santos and his sister Christina (Maria Conchita Alonso, Man Race, Predator 2) join the rebels in Colombia trying to pull out their evil dictator, El Presidente (Victor Argo, Taxi Driver, New York King), and Santos losing mission, Christina goes to McBain for help. McBain then asks his good friends of Vietnam to help them. First there is a tough black boy, Eastland, played with Steve James, who was also the director of the former James Glickenhaus film, "The Exterminator", where the real name of the farmer was also Eastland, unfortunately? I don't think. There are also many other references to The Exterminator, among other things, which are known to be known as McBain himself wearing welders-mask when Christina saw him for the first time, when he does the welding work on the bridge! Other young people in the Vietnam pack are: This rich man who can afford all kinds of team equipment, Frank Bruce (Michael Ironside, Total Note, Starship Troopers), and then there is a doc. , Dalton, (played with Jay Patterson, who doesn't care if the person IMDb connects, and I haven't seen them in other movies, so who knows what, and last but not, there is a deal, Gill, who has had enough work, plays with Thomas G. Waites, some of whom we can remember from Warriors and The Thing. And in other great roles, we see Luis Guzmán (Boogie's Light, Carlito's Way), as a small businessman who is unable to find a good job. Also, there is Dick Boccelli as a king who fought with drugs who gets hung up in the gane on the roof with the McBain group, almost completely the same way he got hung on the meat-grinder of John Eastland in Movie EXTERMINATOR! Now, I haven't seen Glickenhaus' "Shakedown / Blue Jean Cop" yet, but it's almost ready to bet a hundred billion dollars that Boccelli gets hung in the same movie too! <br /> <br /> Well, back to this movie movie .. they go to Colombia and save the day, yay! But who cares about the plot, the cast is good, and practical events have been done well, and you will never get tired while watching this film! It is highly recommended for all practical partners!
