First, the description: With my head, I only give this film just 8 stars in general this is not one of the best films. All complaints registered here are well documented. Also, show that you enjoy the script you really need to appreciate the beauty of Neil Simon and seek wit into a real human booth. He has a unique ear to New York for discussion - especially of the dry, of the Jews, of the love of love - and if you have trouble accepting the shock as an expression of love, then you may have trouble accepting the middle of this movie. <br /> <br /> Significantly for the warning. Here is my main point: Walter Matthau is a flat-out perfect, even more perfect, in this film. I've never seen him funnier, or more touching for that thing - because at the same time he shows us the hilariousness of this character who refuses to stop Big Big his own images or insufferable perspectives even if his cooperation is in decline, he also shows us more risky, perhaps even someone who has The fear of the heart within the grouch. And she only assures that the sad part - it's just enough to really get to you if you happen to be dealing with your own father or husband drop in mind now (I mention this as a warning), but artistic, it's just enough pathos to give a habit this deep-rooted root I see in any film. This is more of the Methods performance - Matthau's performance is as good as a characteristic and fresh enjoyment as comic delivery. This is the act of the comic act. <br /> <br /> About Richard Benjamin: I myself find his job in general, and his work in this movie is not discrimination - though he has a good time here. ("Chicken is funny ...." is one of them.) So if you love him, you should love him here, and if you don't have this film it won't change your mind. About the Oscars of 1976 ... I agree that Matthau was unfortunate to be against Nicholson in the "Nest of Cuckoo" that year. It was the killer year for the competition's leading actor; if only there were different Oscars for comedy and game, then I think Best Actor Oscars would have gone Al Pacino for "Dog Dogs Day" and Walter Matthau for "Sunshine Boys" - not dis dis task Jack as McMurphy, but I think Pacino and Matthau were all wonderful and wonderful stories and interesting in their performances than Nicholson was that year. Also, I believe that Burns got an Oscar Doctor for more favorable reasons than the quality of his performance - I mean, he was good at this film, but not good. (Burns of fine-like-ever but non-emerging-in-itself return to show a beating Brad Dourif's first brilliant in "Cuckoo Nest," not to mention the first Chris Sarandon's wonder in "Dog Day Day" - which I think prove the theory The Oscar Theory aside, here's my opinion below: here if you like the comic act of Matthau, then look at this film and enjoy its powerful tirades and wonderful signals of the bride, short-term presentations and visible acids. non-text. (But if you are now experiencing the pain of looking at an old man to lose his cohesion, then be warned that this movie can be a comic exemption you need or a real dose too painful to watch now.)
