I first read Pearl S Buck's novel class in my ninth class, and I enjoyed any exciting page. It was almost inevitable that Hollywood could find it, and consider that it was in 1937, the results were better. Some things should be accepted: in 1937 there was no question of hitting Asian actors in a great Hollywood film. In this way provides the ultimate product rather interesting than if they have been able to spend more than a real look. <br /> <br /> With the winning barrier, the producer Irving Thalberg and Sidney Franklin's director (among others) took the problem by hand-taking good and stellar throw. Paul Muni played Wang Wang. Muni was at the peak of his power as an actor at this time, and he could almost play anything that he kept his mind. Once you have approved the makeup (it is good, but no one will offend it for the Chinese person), its performance has the effectiveness of its good work. <br /> <br /> Then there is Luise Rainer. To leave Oscar to win the previous year for his performance in GREE ZIEGFELD, the Viennese actor was increased and was given the role of O-lan despite his lack of experience in Hollywood. His performance defeated Oscar second succession, the first time in history that occurred. It has been placed on Rainer's performance, and its Oscar will win here. He is called wood and one color. There is a small grain of truth in it. PROTECT, that being said, all you need to do is go back to the book. For Rainer, though not Chinese, played much O-lan as Buck wrote; it is actually the royal performance, and one of the best transfers from the book to the screen I ever witnessed. Over the other side, this was MGM. They had a great list of stars and actors in Hollywood at that time, and a great budget to pay for the best, and finally they got the best. <br /> <br /> The film improves Wang Lung's marriage for O-lan little. In the novel, wealth comes to the flesh and takes a query, a step that destroys his wife but his feelings as a woman does not care about him. In the film, the injured Wang Lung returns to his wife on his death seat two pears which he had taken from his years before, knowing that he was his true love. yea /. But that's Hollywood. Considering the obstacles they opposed, the film may have been opened by screaming. But in spite of the significant loss of real Asians in the cast, this film is well suited to the age of seventy-three. In fact the most amazing thing about this film is how good it is, when it can be very easy to be a catastrophe.
