What Irving Thalberg did when making this film today will not be reproduced again. Making a Chinese story with western players even though they are followers of Paul Muni, Luise Rainer, Charley Grapewin, and Walter Connolly among others. Perhaps it is partly because the story was written by the western, Pearl Buck who received a Pulitzer award for his novel in 1932. Mrs Buck, a Chinese missionary daughter, perhaps brought China closer to America than anyone else. It's not China's political war, but the life and work of everyday people we find in the Good World. Unfortunately later, Pearl Buck became the advocate of China's Kuomintang apology of Chiang Kai-Shek in all its features and extra. Some of its literary output has never merged the Good Land. <br /> <br /> In Sundani's owners there is a good comparison with China and Australia with Peter Ustinov. When asked differently, Ustinov said China was very large and very full and Australia was very large and empty. That's what you see in the Good World, China's biggest and very perfect people, more than he can cope with sometimes. The Good Land says the story of Wang Lung (Paul Muni) as a young man who buys a wife from a big house where she was a slave. O-Lan (Luise Rainer) gives birth to two children and sees her in all good and bad times, drought, famine, revolution, and climate symptoms. Luise Rainer won the second of two Oscars series to show O-Lan. He can set a certain type of record because it is appropriate to be a player to lead Oscar performance and a small amount of conversation. Everything he does is basically done in the face of the face, his performance can be on a silent film with very little heads. I think John Mills just in Ryan's daughter had a few words and he was playing someone who had lost mind. <br /> You are not always grateful for how she supports her in a man-centered culture. The player helps in the field, bears and raises children, does homework. When Muni becomes a wealthy man takes a second Chinese wife who causes many sorrows. Still Rainer standing all. Muni is still not a bad person and is a tribute to film and his acting by Buck that he hates him and the cultural gap is hit. We have a group of eastern players who now make more of Kung Fu movies. I wonder The world of all the film has not been modified for this step. I will be a beta Chinese government would allow a certain American company to do so in a real location. Until then we have found this classic to appreciate and enjoy.
