This movie has been negatively scourged and is being investigated. The Rebecca West book was written in 1918, after WWI, when the shell shock and the amesia disease were not clichés, since the audience calls it many books and movies later. It is difficult to come back on time and live, as the characters lived, the realities of the time: the battle with the fear of the first battle of the use of soft gas, the British classroom system thought the most important, spinster hopeless, and a partner from the past appeared with the eyes of love being as young and beautiful as he had 20 years ago. Alan Bates as an amnesiac soldier who "will die" if it is not allowed to see Margaret, a young girl of her dreams, builds on her self-sacrificing attitude "Apart from the Madness Conference". After seeing the performance, it is possible to identify her romantic relationship with a girl who did not live according to family and community expectations. Margaret says, "We compete, and when you went away, you turned your face away from me." So we know that breaking is something that he stressed, that it brought him shame, but that he forgot the shame in his memory of his time with Margaret. I haven't seen all his movies, but for those I have seen, provides a powerful masculinity, which shines through even in this role as disabled people. I did not even recognize Ann-Margaret for the first time and felt that her performance had been closed. Having read the book, I was surprised that the dead child was the result of making a statement between Jenny and Chris, although Jenny says that it is "cousin". Kitty's way puts Jenny in the nursery in the area of ​​the hair drying, the fact that Kitty says she has always put her hair in the room looks more way to Kitty to keep the hot coal than the room direction of the sun, or the feeling about the lost child, and the information what he wanted to be interested in Chris did not have the unwanted feelings to protect the room as it was when the child had made him as a careless child. Also, Jenny is shown that she lives in a house with a strong role, if the high society would have made a member fall down at the time. Having become a recipient of a fantasy fantasy partner (without intercourse for a short period of time) from 50 years ago, I shared with Margaret and her husband. I, too, had been thrown aside because I was not good for his family, and after my redesigned via the Internet, I had trouble helping him cope with his terrible experience of Vietnam and marriage with a top-class woman who she did not believe he loved her. My husband, as Margaret had a great understanding, but the problem was real. Finally the partner was able to reconcile her real life with her fantasy to love me. I thought it was a good decision to show very little about rejecting the war experience that was happening in Chris's mind. I thought about "Mrs. Dalloway" and the WWI soldiers who make a record of much violence and suicide against Chris's fun in his fantasy fantasy. On the other hand, the action of soldiers in the "Mrs Dalloway" appears fallen. It shows that a psychiatrist understood very little about what is happening to Chris explains the big problem the big group is facing. Everyone seems to get their life, but it was the right choice?
