we saw this modern movie of 1982 return to the soldier, according to the Rebecca West novel. His about a Captain of forty strikes who does not even tell his wife has returned to the British soil, but is staying in a hospital in London. She has lost her memory and is a boy again, and a long yen to a low-class partner who kept 25 years earlier. Her stylish story. He continues during his youth, when the reader finds his wife is a non-holding person, who wishes the community who wants him to continue his position in society. Living with them is her cousin Jenny, who loved Chris Baldry soldiers, when they grew up as players, but sat in spinsterhood. The low-class woman, played with Glenda Jackson, is Margaret Gray. It is SHE who is known as Chris has come to England. Chris's wife is shocked when Mrs Gray comes to tell Chris is in hospital in London. Kitty (Julie Christie) is leaking and dirty. Why, he wondered, was another woman sending a telegraph about Chris instead? Chris has completely forgotten about Kitty. He wants to renew his relationship with Margaret. Margaret, now married, refuses to meet him, but he does and continues to meet her. There is a psychologist (Ian Holm) who warns Kitty and Jenny that Chris's fun time and Margaret will disappear if she 'cures'. Jenny realizes how empty Kitty is for Chris and creates a love of secret love through Margaret. They both love her. Jenny wants to help. Later in the film Kitty shows that Chris had a boy who died five years ago. Telling this Chris, it reduces Shrink, it will certainly bring him back 'normal.' But this is a good idea? Chris, she doesn't know that she and Kitty were married, she does not know her child and the death of the child. A psychiatrist, just learning a child, believes that knowledge will bring Chris back. Jenny and Margaret have Chris for themselves because Kitty believes she pretends and refuses to accept Chris's illness for restoring her youth in forty years. The film leaves its leaves on what is happening with Chris. But Jenny and Margaret, in the baby's bedroom perfectly - and Kitty also in the novel, but not on the screen-discuss they believe they should be done about Chris from their different perspective. Margaret is important here, because, though married, has half dropped in love with Chris again. Jenny, a social link, Jenny believes, will be threatened if Chris has no rights. He does not reveal this to Margaret, however. Margaret decides, looking forward, that Chris can't maintain his fantasy for a while, but he must return to something like real life. When Kitty and Jenny look at the window of the house, Margaret comes out with Chris and tells her lost child. The head of the victim of a horrible war, his shoulders are declining, he looks away. He walks hard on the house. Last <br /> Read some criticism on this first novel Rebecca West. Novel is written something after the first battle. The movie is completely unknown who Jenny is, her cousin or her sister. It would have been better to wake up if she was her sister, of course. Refusal does not make clear. I'm sure Western in his novel, ensures Jenny is his cousin, not his sister. The West is not Henry Miller nor Anais Nin, who the book of the Incest (about his relationship with his father as an adult to get even with him to hate him as a child) I used to read, but then I decided. Rebecca reporter needs to restore Chris too. He also has out of his head for his first soccer novel but first includes it again.
