'Shop next to the corner (1940)' is a romantic pleasure, not the type that I will hold to the end of my days, but even the film deserves its reputation. In 1940, Ernst Lubitsch's director had taken Hollywood to the storm, and the famous "Lubitsch touch" was an impressive trademark. The film was designed for release in 1939, but the schedule plans meant that James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan were not available for filming. Instead of switching his main star, Lubitsch decided to postpone production, at the same time leading Greta Garbo in 'Ninotchka (1939).' Finally, the 'Shop Around Corner' appears to have been in the absence of careless relatives, receiving Oscar's selection despite the beautiful screens of Samson Raphaelson and a good show from his two ways by Frank Morgan in the role of helping. The time, however, has led to a great influence on film and durability, and the best remakes including 'Summer Summer Day (1949)' and 'Got Got Mail (1998).' <br /> <br /> At his face, one can think 'Shop next to the corner' just a story of two lovers, Klara Novak (Sullavan) and Alfred Kralik (Stewart), who love each other without knowing. However, the Lubitsch film runs much more than that. It is the story of Matuschek and the Company, a brilliant brave shop in Budapest, and various human relationships that make the shop as a very close family. When the shop owner Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) begins to accuse his former employee of his relationship with his wife, we are witnessing the breakdown of two families, home and work. There is no reason why the story is not supposed to be installed in the US? maybe in the streets of New York's blustery ?? but Lubitsch was deliberately repeating the desires and memories of his old years in Europe, the love of love and life before the war brought fear and blood to every door. This subtext trick brings more meaning, personal touch to the film? In fact, even if I write these reviews, I start to know more stories. <br /> <br /> Sullavan and Stewart are both interested in their roles, but I think it's a help that has really helped you make a film. Each character brings a different personality and mix, and their interaction is always trustworthy and enjoyable. I really liked how Lubitsch described our sympathy for Hugo Matuschek, who, in any other film, would have been reduced by the development of development, two of the trends. Matuschek may have lost the love of his family, but he does it again with the love of his servants, and you feel the light that you enjoy while, during the winter of the Christmas season, you get fellowship with young boys (Charles Smith). This realistic approach to a supportive person hits me as it is similar to several of the future creation of Billy Wilder, for example, Boom Boom Jackson in 'Fortune Cookie (1966)' or Carlo Carlucci in 'Avanti! (1972). Of course, it does not need to say, but Billy Wilder learned from the best.
