SHOP IN KORNER is one of the most romantic and romantic comedies of romantic made. There is not just getting close to it, and it is difficult to put the person's sense of this film into words. It is not one of these films that are very tempting, and it has not come with the most impossible events to involve the two characters last. In fact, all its charm is innate, contained within the characters and the plot and plot ... which is widely believed to boot. It is easy to think that the story of such love, as good as any other, * can * happen to you ^ feelings you often come from other romantic comedies, however it goes sweet and hot hot. Alfred Kralik (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Sullavan) have no first meeting when he comes to the shop (Matuschek & Co) has been working for the past nine years, applying for work. They are competing from the beginning, especially on a cigarette box that is playing music when it opens - thinks it is a false idea; he sells a big one and is employed. Their attention takes them for the next six months, even if they both (not knowing, of course!) Love each other as they share their lives with their minds in letters passed through PO Box 237. This will be a very good plot for the whole film, except that SHOATS IN KORNER is a good professional manufacture and brilliant recipe created by all characters, from father but for solitude Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) himself, who learns that his shop is really his home; Pirovitch (Felix Bressart), Krakik Sidekick and a friend who emerges every room while having the possibility of being asked for his trust; Smady pimp-du-jour Vadas (Joseph Schildkraut) who finally gets to him from Kralik very fair; and a young boy Pepi Katona (William Tracy) who wants nothing more than being accepted as a Matuschek & Co. The story of disrespectful love among friends 'Friends' takes place in this little shop in Budapest, Hungary, in which the expulsion of Kralik's crime and the constant promotion of the shop manager helps two lovers of love. It is good that everyone gets stories in this film; The characters involved are well organized, and the trip to Matuschek himself in life is close to touch such as Alfred and Clara are involved. His invitation to a new boy Rudy (Charles Smith) for Christmas dinner, organized in winter, winter in Hungarian, gives the audience a sense that he is not alone; we come to care even the characters whose story of love is not the business of this film to tell. Besides the love story, I must say that James Stewart is really the best thing about this film. He plays Jimmy Stewart full of persona in this film (c / f 'Mr Smith Goes to Washington'); In fact Alfred Kralik is old and angry and not particularly kind. He instead of a sharp man, in fact, with a little hint (even, perhaps, last end) of the charm of-shuks down-home boyish Stewart soon come to patent. When she finds Clara that they have been parallel to the secret, in fact, Kralik does not know - she is waiting to see how she can take a girlfriend, especially because she knows quickly (due to her stormy relationship with Clara as a master and emphasize) that love someone who knows by mail mixed up may not be the same as to love the person. His description of Clara's Matthias Popkin's wife (what a name!) Who would be his wife very cautious, but also her way of proving that the letter does not reveal everyone, as she letters are not revealed to all that is there. Stewart has this role fully - puts his face fully controlled whenever Clara will curse Mr. Kralik, as he often can't do, even (and especially) to his face. And yet someone believes, under the harshness and professionalism, that he * can * reveal his identity very hard and truth and hope * as he eventually does. The special expert must be given to other members of the cast as well. Margaret Sullavan travels better in the first half of the film, but she comes into her own at the closing shop on Christmas day, when she almost gets her heart broken again with Alfred's more detailed photo of the partner's email label. . Frank Morgan returns to good performance like Hugo Matuschek is enraged by nervous breakdowns, a person who needs to understand his meaning in life when he knows that his 22-year-old wife does not want to be 'born with him'. And Felix Bressart plays the role of a gentle but loyal Pirovitch (Lubitsch on a regular basis, because it looks like a Russian ambassador to the NINOTCHKA) - the only explanation is a place that helps his good friend Alfred get now the last Christmas * really * wants. The handbag instead of a very large cigarette box Clara is very tied. Ernst Lubitsch boasts himself with this film - for example, the most enjoyable service and care given in detail in the creation of a Matuschek shop is worth the effort, under the names of Hungarian on the door, products and financial records and so on. But although Lubitsch chose to have a story set in Hungary, the environment is quite realistic: it can happen anywhere; it can happen to you. There is a myth of this simple story, these characters who believe really * are people. Snow on Christmas is also real, or at least as real as Lubitsch can do (had a snow-cut machine at high cost). This is a desire to do everything as real as possible as it helps to make the story even more reliable, which gives this film all the originality dreams that can not be inserted. (No, not on remake as if you have been GOT MAIL.) <br /> <br /> * That * is actually a Christmas film Jimmy Stewart which people don't know when they talk about IT'S A WONDERFUL Life. It does not prevent the features of other films, but there will be no effects, and in fact it is a lot of good, it has been done to watch SHOAT IN THIS COLOR. It's sweet, funny, charming, and Stewart is good at her role. We should be fortunate to have a romance shown in this film; The best thing about this film is that we come away from the feeling that we are very likely.
