Many on love & life can learn from watching people at SHOP IN KORNER. / Ernst Lubitsch had another victory victory added to his loan with this beautiful film. For a pleasant conversation (for a long-standing actress Samson Raphaelson) and a wonderful show from many talented players, he created a truly memorable movie. Always believe to play up to the minds of his audience, and the modern acceptance on the slapstick, the director made a series of scintillating movies planned with the same high quality, enigmatic known as 'Lubitsch touch'. The story installed Budapest (and there is a jumble of accents between players) this does not result. The good humility of the plot is that any city of America or a small town can be locus for action. Jimmy Stewart & Margaret Sullavan is amazing as clerks for love and romance and then for each other - without knowing. Their discussion - effectively addressed as the absolute appearance of nature - provides for their complete chaos & despair when they seek spirit partners. That's one of the classic love stories of movies. Cherubic Frank Morgan has a greater role than usual, of a person whose short-term importance in his small world is broken when he finds himself cuckold. Completed location, does not allow any feelings to avoid without being built. Additionally, Morgan provides the film for a short time of fun - near the end - when he decides that his new employee, a small shop, enjoys a memorable Christmas. for a list of screenshots, this time is an identification, a horizontal Lothario who deserves the penalty eventually to reach him. Good Felix Bressart is responsible for the best film as a family member who cannot afford to participate in a shop shop, still being a loyal friend to Stewart. Sara Haden gets a small chance of sales clerk. William Tracy is cautious as a proud young man who uses the advantages of experimenting in the sales force. <br /> <br /> In a few tasks, Charles Halton has an honest detective and Edwin Maxwell looks like a doctor's shock. Modern children will recognize Mary Carr & Mabel Colcord - all without credit - in one place as grandmother and Miss Sullavan.
