Much like the duo of the comedy of his head, "Sunshine Boys" has been forgotten 30 years later odd. It is difficult to mention along the other seven-year films of the 1970s. This does not mean being given the only one of this film, perhaps Neil Simon has ever written. Walter Matthau plays Willy Clark, once a comedy of the vaudeville story known as Lewis and Clark, which is now a painful event of 73-year-old who can't get a job in potato business. His brother and agent Ben (Richard Benjamin) is certainly able to get a job if Willy will only agree to reunite with his close partner Al Lewis (George Burns) for the ABC-TV business show business. What is Nostalgia what "Sunshine Boys" is going for spades, from the beginning when the series of 1920s film films show different showers from past past flickers before us to Cole Porter "Be Clown". Then there is the current day of the film's film in Manhattan, where the polyester trousers have multiplied. This period is reflected in the Willy's glory of Manhattan's apartment, where photographs and cartoons of former celebrants who have died look from the walls on the head of the nursery heads and Zabar's vegetable bags. If you were alive in the 1970s like me, you might even feel like you were in the house. Willy clear has lived there for so long. She lies in front of the television while the kettle on the other boils of the room. Willy gets up and takes the phone. <br /> "Hello, who is this?" Pause. "Never worry, it's tea." Older men who live alone can be depressed the material around the hands of anyone else, but Simon's magician and improper feelings of behavior changes this point of 1972 on a comedy. The amazing thing about the "Sunshine Boys" is how much it takes you to close your Willy's presence without stopping you completely. "The age of 89 and like, he dies for anything" Willy says about a former friend of the song, before deciding that person perhaps died from writing a song that showed "woman" and "baby". Burns won Oscar for its low performance like Lewis Lewis, but it's Matthau who brings this one home, pretending to it and proudly but bearing a ragged actually giving you the idea he had already 73 when he did this. Willy feels very sensitive, well-versed in Ben's "old man", but he is rooted around, enjoying his little victory even when they come at the expense of others. His verse kills you, too, especially when he tries to kill Lewis, whose TV reunion becomes a bad idea. "You are missing!" Willy tells Lewis one time. "I still need to be still hot!" "If this room was hot he didn't want to fire," Lewis responds. Director Herbert Ross draws everything in an unusual and low-cost, with low and middle lights even when emotional to leave room for comedy and general zen's message through the acceptance of stability. You can't get the look at the film, one of the most "Sunshine Boys", and the Ross orientation, as the acting chief of three, goes for a long time towards the end. It is difficult, especially when lessons are people who expect life to pass them, but "Sunshine Boys" makes it all fun, because, for us to watch, it is.
