This is filled with great damage, so beware. "Prix de Beaute" always faces comparison with two films Louise Brooks made by GW Pabst, "The Pandora Box" and "Diary of the Lost Girl," but somehow, "Prix" is a film Brooks's quintessential. Here he has the opportunity to be charming without the dark side of his Pabst cooperation. What "Prix" has that Pabst films are not music. In this first French film, Louise Brooks mystique is full of power for photo, song and music integration. Charleston is what appears to be related to Brooks (he is the first to play in Europe), but the essence of the actor comes more in cucumber. Tango also has a plot of conspiracy in the "Prix," to be a musician who played him on his increasingly skillful after being Miss Europe. Later, when he refused his popularity based on the common existence as the husband's wife's envy Andre, his desire to be left out in popularity becomes clear when the cucumber record is shown on the house recorder. So it is best for cucumber at Brooks that is used to accompany the document about his life, "Watching Lulu," a film named Shirley Maclaine. The quality of the copper and strong cucumber reduces 'Louise Brooks' a powerful, elegant and unique. The song, "I am not love, it is," adds a huge amount of pathos to what is not a good film (but it is very good). By the way, Brooks's voice was not mentioned for film and Edith Piaf as some claimed. Piaf was born in 1915, and was not discovered until 1935. The song, however, is the character of Brooks, Lucienne, singing Andre at the beginning of the film to thank and express his love in detail. And at the end of it is a song he asks for his screening screen, which he sees by manufacturers and managers who expect to create his work. It goes on the screen after Mr Andre, who has followed him to the examination room, shoots and killed him. In one shot, with the body of the death of Lucinenne under the screen when its screening screen goes up with the song he sang to Andre, the essence of the movies that make other forms of art not perfect. If Andre is looking at his dead wife now playing on the screen, the murder weapon is still a cigarette, he is very interesting. He now belongs to Him forever, and to our communion. Unfortunately, Louise Brooks's work of real life struck and burned after the "Prix de Beaute," so it was also the death of its last star roll. This film is really mystique Brooks more than Pabst films (which is the best film, of course). It also says what about the movies that create the idea of ​​"movies" of movies - where people like Brooks, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe live more after their death than when they were living.
