The story of bright love has stood by its borders and the beautiful swan which beauty is very ticket to its early death. Installed at the start of the talkies, BEAUTE of PRICE walks in a narrow line for a perfect silent film - which still has a heart - and hits sex with sound and sound effects. The effect is a little anger for anyone who gets in this film because the recorded radio is very invalid and the right does not even provide. Listening to the voice of the sound-edited conversation on the first sequence of the beach, for example, is part of the film as an actor who says the Louise Brooks dialogue and by doing so stimulates the audience of good performance. Other than that, the movie comes faster or less, with a little jump in the current and there - something that is common in the film from this moment - and it has an unknown speed that feels feel of silents. In this way, this is a movie attempt, and next to Sergei Eisenstein's style in the presentation of knives and close close bonds that stop it from what might be a pedestrian level more. Louise Brooks here has a much worse character than what was known to: she is a stenographer who on the lark decides to enter the beauty competition despite the fierce opposition of her very good partner. His role is quite Thirties and modern in its time; The end of the file / Jazz Baby responsibilities were displayed on the screen and now, with the beginning of female freedoms, women as professionals were being represented in the film. Brooks's character chooses to leave with his partner (even if he "reconcile" him later) is also a little ahead of his time. However, the fault of her bad behavior is her desire to believe what does not exist - that her lover wants it to succeed - and this is what leads to finishing the cinema. This last sequence looks like a direct outward of Hitchcock in its raised doubts (shown in the ANY POWER TO MAKE THE MONEY) and cuts from Brooks, his picture on the screen, and the lover of the murder. More amazing is the placement of still "singing" Brooks and now dead - a bad impact on the stimulating, powerful movie.
