We saw the silent version of this film, and it's just fine shimmeringly beautiful. It is very difficult to see how the sound of the voice could be created, because it is borrowed from a pure, silent, long-term, non-vertical story - except for a few rounds that Louise Brooks, playing French in common, is quite visible in English ... The only part that looks at the sound of the voice is the last part, where Brooks looks at rushes to its test 'through the sound film': a picture that continues to go back as the action continues, and its mouth goes to an infinite song. I was not sure to learn after this passage alone in the talkie version was a source of new techniques! In the sunshine of its opening events and the absence of a follow-up story of what follows, the film resembles a dream. As the movie 'Louise Brooks' is not all I expected, either from its Hollywood or from its German or GWPabst melodramas: I have found that idiom is more suited and more enjoyable than, and Brooks herself is a different creature, a stable laughing little animal instead of the shop-window vacuum or the doll manipulated <br /> <br /> But what gives this film more detailed than the first time it appears is the second half unexpected; oppressed by the rich parasites around its beauty, the mad king returns to the tears of tears and his true love for the born of humility ... and the story can be completed there. Fairy, however, turns tragedy. Grabovsky dilettante, confident in his ability to drive a lustful woman, is still very accurate in his personal forecast - young lovers cannot make everyone happy - and André, surprisingly, had the right to mistrust and social influence of the beauty competition : after the glory of his time of glory, Lucienne gives birth to a disappointment over the normal life of a marriage while her husband, in turn, is taken to the wild by any reminder of the whole thing. If it is a simple case of an unfamiliar marriage, it will be one thing ... but a real tragedy is that they love each other. In many ways "Prix de Beauté" reminds me of "Sunrise" of Murnau. But if so, the fair scenes and photographers here could create a picture of the deviation of the reconciliation of happiness in "Sunrise"; there is no dream but dream to abandon. And the next morning brings a miracle of a miracle but a empty bed and a abandoned house. Leaving the letter to say that he loves her and always will love her, Lucienne comes back from André's life in the light and freedom efforts; and this time he will not return again. The Gossip columns are completely proof of André's beliefs, for he learns where his wife passes through the connection of his name with Grabovsky. When a young worker is coming into the examination room, it is a hand-made gun - greeting and seeing in front of his opponent and laughing at Lucienne, the woman who had promised to have inappropriate love if she left him. He kills him, but even if he kills it is transfixed with a living image on screens, Lucienne in all his glory transformed as he never saw him. Two women are eligible for an endless, powerful, as André appears, taken, cannot be defeated, and dragged away: a dead girl and her own singing is still describing the above, they did not know without knowing the eternal time of cellulo, play without consciousness of life or death or love beneath it ... <br /> <br /> The main feature of the film in the film is the behavior of André Antonin's co-worker, who seems to serve any responsibility rather than his patent authorization. of time. He is an evil man who cannot find a girl, who cannot be born who is beaten and tortured in work and work, and must take all of them with an uncertain smile of interest in his unacceptable acceptance of society: the most commonly abused product. gifted and popular, in other words, but one of the viewers seems to be welcomed to laugh with its victims. Except it is intended to open the characters (which I do not see the sign), the character appears to exist only as a comic aid, but the comic aid and a very clear edge. When we know him just like Inept Tom comes to the water of water, it is easy to laugh, though others take revenge seems slightly above; when we find out that he cannot be a stranger, but André's colleague and a regular player, the ongoing attack is fast becoming very funny. But it's the remaining pictures. Beauty, stress, and dream.
