Louise Brooks offers good performance in this French melodrama well done. He loves a pastor named Lucienne who, with love with a man named Andre, dream of growing up his position in life. He sees an opportunity in the beauty competition for Miss Europe, but Andre is angry when he finds that he has entered, then he asks that he take off. He is trying to restore his entry only to discover that he has already been chosen as Miss France and now he will go to the main page. <br /> <br /> This is a story of love, loss and decision made at the end of passion. The movie is a very active effort by director Augusto Genina and authors of movie movies Rudolf Mate and Louis Nee. The photography style is more than modern movies than the Hollywood fricks' 30s, and shows a different style employed by Europeans. There are many quick cuts and travel shots, especially done with great skills and version. The first three-thirds of the film decreases slightly in the middle but it takes again in the last 15 minutes. The show was very good for all the principals, but that of Louise Brooks is a memorable memory. Louise relies heavily on her silent skills even though this is talkie, but because her quiet style was modern, you feel, makes a change to talkies very well. The early part of the right time was so amazing as Louise used her amazing eyes to describe her strange state of trouble and departure, into a life that she no longer wants. I am sure that it has ever been done well. <br /> <br /> The film creates a good finale, striking, stylish and stylish. These are some of the best features of the early days of the film. And the sad story shows only the greatest tragedy that this is the ultimate responsibility for the Louise Brooks. He is not just a beautiful beauty who appeared amazing in the swimsuit, he was really a great talent who essentially throws it all off. We are poor for it. This movie is less known than its German and G.W film. Pabst, but I think it's better. I think these employees are much better than writing a story than Pabst, and when Beaute's price cannot have a deep controversial content of Pabst films, it is very easy to follow and is generally part of a more focused work. And it does not hurt that the Louise singing is made by Edith Piaf, either. Under the bottom, this is the classic movie of Louise Brooks worth looking.
