I am a fan of Mitchell Leisen so it was a great anticipation that I took this movie but published I was very bad, so ruined by the use and burned as it looks more than a repair, the movie was dark. In the dark that in some instances which are movies in the dark, you can't see one thing. That said, I believe I share the same views as the first review of this film. It starts out the odd and does not make the line with the sound of your movie of the Hollywood Hollywood. It seems the director has been affected by Europeans because there is a certain caustic originality of the case from the opening shot which is so crafted in the camera movement and placement as Maggie (Carole Lombard) and Skid (Fred Macmurray) to meet. You half expect them to start singing "Fanya believe" from Show boat. It starts with a few laughs and poor Anthony in one role of the area where he speaks is not the English word being hit by Freddie. Skids is a bum who does not care that he is bum. That is why he points to the army where he can hide from the world. He just opened though and in a set of shenanigans of the screenplay, lost his boat to New York. That's when the movie goes to the top gear and we begin to get these French films of the sixty-six years that have appeared in the whole case. These events take place well with Lombard and Cecil Cunningham, the movie gets a blow. MacMurray is very good if she and Lombard fall to each other while raising her talent to the trumpet. Then the striker comes in the form of Dorothy Lamour. It is enough to plot. Film has an amazing system of montage that locked me. They are very good. And Lombard shows home run in this movie but in the second half, a little more called Freddie and she fails to deliver the product. For the ultimate complement of the melo and non-infinite reefs, the film fails but because it is not your usual movie in structure, setting, and direction. It's worth checking. Why was one of the 37 hits of the season 1936-37. I don't know its exact rate though.
