I first got this film when I read the book (written 1970s) about the work of Mitchell Leisin. I admit that for many years I have watched many of his films and found his very best quality work. USING THE WAY, THE WAY TO MAKE IT'S BEING ONE OF THE BEST. Although it did not give birth, it did not appeal to me as if it was in DAWN, DEATH IN EARTH, KITTY, or even GOLDEN INFORMATION. I think it's just a very date now to be interested in it. Most of Leisin's work was a problem in those films that made that were music. Many of the symbols he made were very similar. It is true that the standards were seen twice in his films, but were very common cases: "Cocktales for Two" seemed to MURDER AT VITITIES, and "Mona Lisa" came from CAPTAIN CAREY, USA But the rest of the MURDER AT ATTORTS had been forgotten . "Mona Lisa" was just a tune in CAPTAIN CAREY. It should not be this way - Leisin's studio had Rogers and Hart to work in them in the early 1930s. Why couldn't he be given a project with them? Results for SWING HIGH, SWING LOW, it's fun but forgotten. Unfortunately, the movie focuses on the world of entertainment, as Fred Macmurray shows many talents as a trumpet player (works Carole Lombard in his act by binding his hands when he blows the trumpet). Song (singing Lombard) about how his partner plays with him, it is important for the plot. It works in the film, but it would be better if the song remembered more. It is a picaresque style for the film - it begins in the sea liner that Lombard works, as a manicurist. He is constantly abused by his boss Franklin Pangborn (shadow of the ship). Then the ship enters the Canal of Panama, and we see MacMurray as a soldier, who is engaged in termination. Their first part together has a good touch of Leisin in it: MacMurray speaks to Lombard, he in the boat deck and he beside the wall of the lock. The best way to keep the point when the dialogue faces less. The film follows the rise and fall of Skid Johnson (MacMurray) when he meets Lombard, and begins his reputation as a trumpet player, but meets "another woman" in the film, Dorothy Lamore. The best time in the film deals with the collapse of the relationship with Lombard, and its fall as a jazz trumpet (its appearance and the need for alcohol is unusual for MacMurray's behavior - even its black figures like Walter Neff or Mr. Sheldrake or a navy officer Caine Mutiny was not honest about alcohol. <br /> <br /> Lombard is good if a woman is loved but misled by MacMurray. Lamore has little to do - maybe the film had more pictures and she in it, but one comes out it is his attempt to get a MacMurray on the car again. In his little opening, Pangborn is good. He often saw in the film, Carl's little actress's best actor as a good weather / friend of MacMurray, who throws him as he goes down (although it gives him a hand.) Charles Butterworth is a little in this film as usual, but he has one time when he is seen with sheep on his hands. His girlfriend, MacMurray, and Lombard's share - his red appearance faced with shame on the lie that MacMurray insists it is true. It was a good time, a trick. If only his trick was in his act rather than his time of humor.
