Neil Simon'S THE ODD COUPLE introduced a model of its future games. Felix Unger and Oscar Madison were former collaborators, who were supporters and good, the latter were followers and followers. Simon would write again (less successful) playing in the 1990s as the NEW ODD COUPLE, and the female residents. He made it a mixture of a mixture (a woman with his daughter, and someone) at the GIRLS OF GOODBYE. He also gave an extra mixture for 1973 and SUNSHINE BOYS, Broadway touched Jack Alberson and Sam Levine as Al Lewis and Willie Clark, the former Vaudevillians. Here the trouble "apartment" has been reduced by connecting two men who cannot stand up. The 1976 film showed Walter Matthau as Willie, and George Burns as Al. <br /> In fact, Al does not think quite bad Willie - Willie is pathological on the issue of Al. Al Al first had a small character, such as accidentally blowing a little mate when the words started with the letter "t", and a little fly Willie with his finger index, on stage. Second, Al retired when his wife died. Willie was not ready to retire (and has been forcing his nephew and agent, Ben (Richard Benjamin) to try to find him in advertising. Willie can't remember the lines unless they are funny, and he keeps beat them. Ben is asked to take them together for their live-in-the-art movie on the TV show about the US Comedy to bring Al see Willie, and the sparks begin to fly, as much as he cannot learn what another makes (and this is just for practice.) On top of that, Willie insists the change (a few, but they give us Al) as well as saying "enter !!!" when Al knocks on the door. The original practice is a failure, but Ben can send them The question is whether they complete the area in the finished plan or Willie wring the neck of Al? <br /> <br /> Three leading, Matthau, Burns, and Benjamin, are doing very well with one liner, f should a patheu of the vaudeville (eg: "Pain of the chest ... I get chest pain Uncle Willie. Every Thursday I came here and found chest pain! "Then, come on Friday! ") Benjamin is striving to prove his deep love for his uncle, though Matthau's shell outdoors makes it difficult (he only decreases when he speaks of the glory of Vaudeville Day) Matthau understands more about the truth (for the first time) than Burns, who appears repeating himself - but in reality the nature of the rejection of the world that once glorified him to make him ready to do well. Burns does not like it - takes things slowly But seems to be more happy in accepting his retirement. The last "Inventory" journey to Lewis and our modern Clark. Al and Willie lose their old skits, as they gradually end up recognizing that they have more common in their age than their age thinking. (him) pain in the ass, but he was a funny person. /> Burning is not the original choice for the "Al Lewis" section (su Dale's Smith and Dal team). e). Jack Benny was. Benny would probably do a good job, but bad health drove him out (he died in 1975). Burns (whose last involvement in any film was in SOLID GOLD CADILLAC in 1956 as an author) turned out in a very good performance that got "Oscar" for the best actor to help, and had worked in movies in the next ten years in films such as OH GOD ! Oh God! and go in STYLE. He died in 1996 at the age of 100, showing that he was more than just a good right person for his wife Gracie Allan.
