We hope to forget that the history of the master / slave of the past centuries leads most of the well-used farms, used by large slave groups, and a lot of money for white owners. It leads to a group of people who got in the middle - a seed produced by slave owners who interact with their female slaves. Some of these children were more slaves, and others were free ... but free and colorful, which meant everything but, in connection with a lot of their sores. <br /> <br /> The class built around these children - free people or free people of color - and the class was capable, to some extent, to possess property, separation from people with knowledge of education , and get respect to compare. That is, they were not slaves, but they were still being used for some reason. Often, women were living as heads of farms and wealthy men, they established their homes, and allowances, school paid for their children, and kind of virtue, depends on the respect they chose to make family their. In fact, they were dealing with themselves to ensure their own well-being, and the relative freedom from work - a program called plaçage. The Feast of Saints All are well-written stories of the same woman's children, the result of the same arrangement and the inner gentleman, and the people who touched their lives, in a bad and beautiful way. The story was the eyes of my eyes, New Zealander, without a real pregnancy of black / white lines, then alone the gray area in the middle of the free color people gingerly. The characters are very three, and they have been well presented in this issue of novel, and Anne Rice. The pieces were smoothly, the clothes are wonderful, and the brutal lines are provided, and the different areas have been explained further by the conflicts of the passers. Free people could not marry whites, slaves could not join, and whites, even sympathizers, could not cope with the economic realities of doing justice and the people they trusted. I recommend this story, novel and miniseries, for everyone, without skill. If you cannot handle the truth you will be able to move and strengthen it to some extent, like one injustice after another is given out of those of the colors, both with their white invaders, and with their own people. Remember though this is nothing more than a fact, and this story is a fun way to learn about it. I know it may seem to be alive, but all these services welcomed me and loved me, although the taste of the vinegar I found in my mouth was going on, and I really enjoyed it. See. If you don't read about that period, because there is a lesson to learn from all.
