I have seen "Miracles Still Happening" now at least four times. I've never been bored on this amazing film. From the beginning, it has a person's interest. While the movie goes on with the plane facing the story becomes very intense when we see this girl trying to live alone with fear in Amazon, following the plane crash where she is the only one who survived. The loss of her mother in the plane crash also makes this film even more like we see the danger that the girl had to endure during ten days in Amazon. Thinking this really did not come true and think that anyone can live this life is impossible if we see wild animals, snakes and other creatures, big forests and wildlife with countless insects. While the movie progresses we see many dangers a girl should face when trying to follow the river in the hope of leading the city. Remember what his father told him about how the river will lead the river and then into the greatest river and this means that it will ultimately lead to a society, this little girl keeps track of a small stream that ultimately leads to a great river. Sometimes swimming in dangerous water, alone, fear, injured, always managed to continue. Near the end of this film it was obvious that he could continue for as long as he had not been crying for only ten days and had a drinking water and was very sick and tired from his risks. At the end of the sea, he knows that there is a village and men are looking for him and taking care of him and taking him to a hospital where his father comes to see him, after the fear of being dead along with many other passengers. This wonderful and very hearty film to see his father's face when he sees his daughter is still alive after this time in Amazon! Such films are not made in those days. I will still see it again and know that I will never search! Think of this girl who survived only one of these birds is quite clear! Also the fact he just continued very few injuries was the most extraordinary, while everyone on this plane was lost in a terrible accident in the Amazon region. A brilliant movie, has given you a perfect one and I will keep it forever! Very recommended by me for sure!
