It seemed to be a "Swiss answer to the Lord of the Rings", but it is more than that. It's not the answer to anything, it's the new thing, something interesting and sometimes it's stupid and silly - but Monty Python was different than silly? Originally immediately informs that this film is a small budget and not meant to be taken seriously. A cardboard on the string gets on the plane which the main character is sitting. But, in order to pay special effects, the situation has a trick. It's very beautiful and amazing - who needs New Zealand, Switzerland has it all. I liked about the film was a simple technique and a clear desire and energy embedded in it. Not brilliant; it still has nice playbacks. Edward Piccin as Friedo is quite persuasive, it would be enough to go and see the film because of it! There are some good jokes, some of them very lame, some of them will not be recognized by people outside Switzerland. I liked the idea of ​​having "Urucows" instead of Uruk Hai; I liked the area where Friedo decides to take "Pupsi", telehobbie, with him on a trip. It is also very funny event when Rackaroll, knight fighting with the sword, decides to show it with his sword - and finally broke it into the wall, breaking. And there is one place where "nazgul-ish" characters are doing a wonderful place that includes a toilet brush ... I did not accept the idea of ​​Pete used by Schleimli, the "Gollum" attitude, in "misleading" women. That was very little. Mr. Sauraus' idea that he wants to cover the country and fondue had no brilliance or either. First, indeed, but not brilliant. But above all I did not like the idea of ​​a gay dragon, which was not necessary. All in all I recommend to see the film just because it is so crazy and totally trashy. Expect the LotR's theme as "Spaceballs" was for Star Wars. But if you're going to flicks to think that this would be an exciting evening out, and absolutely no prospect, then you will enjoy it. I don't know if it works in other languages, because it comes from Swiss languages ​​and from jokes and executives. <br /> <br /> All for all: convictions for the Swiss workers who did it!
