Sarafina was an enjoyable movie, and some songs were very good. Sarafina was very entertaining. I am not as common as musical instruments, but singing was not as blind as it appeared on the box. The movie was useful for learning about history because it was an interesting view of Soweto's voting in 1976. It showed things to the pupils' perspective in fighting and showing you that they were real characters. Because you see them as real characters make you more like them as listeners, and it makes you more sympathetic to them as the victims of the white government, whom you can't hear. Student singing is correct because we know from accounts that students were singing and playing before they became stronger. The pupils' clothing in Sarafina is similar to the clothing shown in Soweto. They made the movie really in Soweto, that's why it seems to be very accurate in many places. All these things make this film more accurate for someone who uses it to learn about differences. If viewers should be important on how the discrimination history was presented. As I said earlier, they have compassion for students - this makes it possible to be reliable and purposeful. Also, it changes some details from another account. In Sarafina returns to chaos when the police comes to her class and expels students. Police and the army were very aggressive in Soweto, but this is probably a widespread event. Police and army played pupils, but there is no evidence of them going to school and implementing people like this. The fighting was more on the street and it was destructive and crime. This is done in other films so you can feel more forgiving for school students. The film would be more useful if it had different information about the difference. The teacher was arrested for opposing the government, and the mother goes to work in a white house. But there is no information about the government and why they do or any information about the policies and laws of racism. -George's, Chris and Finlay
