This film reminds 42 of Bebe Daniels and Ruby Keeler. As I watch this film, it reminds me of the 42th street, especially the character of Eloise who is a angry star and he ends up falling and breaking his leg, like Bebe Daniels did in the 42th Street and another actor gets a part and becomes a star. This film, like many colored films, prevents people looking for a great entertainment. Running movies always show Black Entertainment as it was popular at the time. Play styles, Music, Styles to wear, You will love it. This film can be great if it's made on Hollywood, it would have a better environment, better images, and more money that could make any film better. But it's worth watching because it's nice and Micheaux does well with the little she has. I come to say in all the films of Micheaux, Swing is the best! The movie sings singers, players, actors, and actors who were popular but forgotten today. Doli Armena, a female striker who can beat so well that you think Gabriel is blowing in the sky. The female, hot female, Consuela Harris, would put Ann Miller and Gyspy Rose Lee in disgrace. Adding more details ... The famous 20th and 30th-century Cora Green singer is a film view, she is Mandy, a beautiful, hard-working woman and a good man who takes her money and uses it for other women. The nosy brother played with Amanda Randolph and told Mandy what he saw and heard with Mandy goes down to the club and holding the attractive, disgusting man in the name of Eloise (played Hazel Diaz, Hot-Cha songwriter in 30 years) and fighting . Then Mandy goes to Harlem where he is reunited with the little angel guardian Lena played with one of the most attractive women in the movie Dorothy Van Engle. Lena offers Mandy and the house, work, and help her to be a star when Cora Smith was feeling (played with Hazel, I think she plays two or maybe changed her name of action) trying to destroy the show with her bad behavior. When Cora eats and breaks her leg, Lena entices everyone that Mandy is right to work with Lena is correct and star is born Mandy. Long, tall, lanky, but beautiful Carman Newsome is a cold producer who wants to see Lena. Good boy Larry Seymour plays nobody but after Lena threatens him, he can create. There are a few tips but the one who places me is a place where Cora Smith (Hazel Diaz) closes at the end of the exercise and goes away with everyone and then his man comes in and kills him in the jaw but is not enough, he almost gets to fight Mandy again. In the middle of there is great entertainment for girls chorus, pipe players, shake players, music swing, and singing for blues. There are even white people looking at entertainment, wondering where Micheaux found them, there is a place where there are whites and whites sitting together in the club, Micheaux often joins whites and whites in his films, he should be grateful for such a bold move. This video was the first film I was very happy and helped me to inform Oscar Micheaux. This film is one of the best color paintings, is behind the story of the story about ups and under the show business. These original films are not ideal, they are not comparable to Hallelujah, Western Easter, Rainy Weather, Cabin In Sky, Carmen Jones, or other Hollywood films but they are better looking at because their early signs of making black films and with these films provide a picture of black and black black entertainment through the eyes of black man. These films gave black people an opportunity to play people from all kinds of life, to be beautiful, classy, ​​and elegant, and not just to be witnesses or how white they saw black should be displayed as on Hollywood. Many of the actors and actors of these running films were not good, but they were alone that could be paid at the time, Micheaux and Spencer Williams could not afford Nina Mae McKinney, Josephine Baker, Ethel Waters, Fredi Washington, Paul Robeson, Rex Ingram, and star The bigger, so Micheaux and other white and white artists will use night artists in their movies, some of them were good, others were not actors and actors, but I think Micheaux and others knew many were not good actors and actors but were used more like away from the attempt rather than the truth, they just wanted their stories to be told, and by returning many black artists had to make their real talents in the film. For other film actors or film films were the only kind of films they could get to work, especially if they don't want to play Hollywood, so I think you will be able to see real actors / actors from night artists. These running movies are historic, they can be lost forever, many are lost, maybe the running movies are not a great example of movies but even Hollywood films did not start from scratch. I think if the kind of film ran, it would be better. If you are looking for a good job, many running movies are not, but if you are looking for a real example of black entertainment and how supporters should be shown in the film, rather than watching the movie. There are some entertainment and good films, Moon On Harlem, Body and Spirit, Paradise In Harlem, Continue to Beat, Sunday's Children, Manhattan Of Darkness, Breaking Strength, Boy! What Girl, Hidden In Swimming, Miracle Miracle, and Sepia Cinderella, which is not just a good entertainment but good acting.
