I am a great fan of Vonnegut's work and I am very happy with this film, but I can't say that this is a "Mama Night" film that I read. When people say that Vonnegut cannot be closed, two things come to my mind. One is that most of its themes are close to the knuckle or even taboo, despite the charges sometimes used against him that he will choose "easy" targets for his satire. This means less than every day that passes to reflection. Directors these days seem to appear to break the cemetery and I have a great hope of the "Bluebeard" version now in production. Surprisingly to think that a piece of guilt as the "Sirens of Titan" that could be equivalent to "R" tested if published when published back in 50 years, because of violence, language and romantic and romantic content, though it is a tragedy that no one who came yet with the script of the film. And in the current economic situation, I hope a certain director there is looking for a close "Jailbird", "Galapagos" and "Hocus Pocus". <br /> <br /> Another thing is its style story, irony on irony but still make it hilariously funny. It seems impossible to consider, and that it seems to be a great barrier to making a great film of his great novels, because a little commentary of the permission has a color of our responses if readers are not able to be in movies without using many common methods like "talkovers". Vonnegut suggested that there was a tendency that was not available due to the work of his work, himself as a writer / writer. On his loan, "Food Champions Food" (movie) tried to put comedy and came a bit of cropper for his pain. Such as another turkey carried out from the novel Vonnegut, "Slapstick" in the most amazing manner. However, nothing wrong with the director gives us his human interpretation of Vonnegut, and "Mama Night" is a good example of how, as another inspector puts, a good director can add visual poetry to a source like this. But great humor will disappear though it is a single plot, it is not true from the same story I have read. If it were, I would have been wandering in aisles laughing a few times to look at it. For the reader of the novel, I think the chuckle even end is forgiven. At the end of the film, however, it is true, and I think one of the successes of the film is that it can actually leave you feeling that you have seen a man walking on the edge of a ravu between good and evil, and jury still out. <br /> <br /> Stand alone and itself is good to watch. Technically there are small but delightful errors, especially in continuity, and often also appears gold and exhibitions, but often refuses to accept and often shows many ideas and skills. Acting is generally a high order, even if the dialogue is at a very small level. It goes on living better looking back with "Slaughterhouse-5", and there is a little bit more "good" done in Vonnegut out there, usually its short versions - "Harrison Bergeron", "Who am I this time ? " and other things like, of course, the unpublished version of its very interesting but emerging game, "Happy Birthday Wanda June". There was also a fascinating piece, while still in it, which was done in the 70 years called "Out of Time and Timbuktu" which Vonnegut seems to not like very much, though he was involved in its production, because he felt that it was not normally stopped. He said to remind him of the wonderful experiments of surgery carried out in the story of HG Wells "Dr. Moreau Island", but it did for many people serve as an excellent introduction to his work. But if the film doesn't make you want to go to the best material, it doesn't work. <br /> <br /> If someone said, more or less, the big show is in your head.
