It takes a little time to be used in Nick Nolte's Nebraska areas before we can easily accept him as an international international actor. Once you pass the bar, it becomes an interesting story of someone who loses everything when trying to do good. Nolte, the American, goes to Germany, goes to the famous actor, and wins success in every respect until the war breaks out. She was visited by One of the Americans, John Goodman, who persuaded her to accept the post as a radio-fighting Sememia for Muslims. Nolte does not have politics but thinks it is difficult to write a role that is impossible and then play it yourself. The other secret agent of America will convert Nolte radio scripts - inserting a hierarchy here, stretching there - which will be used as a code of intellectual transfer to partners. There is a catch, though. No one will know about Nolte's real role as a US agent except Goodman, Donovan, and Roosevelt himself. If he has ever been revealed, he will refuse to be recognized by Americans. Nolte is declining forward with its bad advertising known in Germany. His interested wife, Sheryl Lee, does not know what is going on, nor does he care. Nolte and Lee live in what he says as often as "the nation of two." War ends and trouble begins. He was captured by Americans who are bitter because of his betrayal. They beat and remove the mud. He was saved by Goodman, "godmother" of "Fairy", who sends him to the unknown village in Greenwich Village and sent him a little money now and then. <br /> In 1960, he can promote friendship with a neighbor, painter Alan Arkin, who has also lost his family and claims that the two are now a secret brothers. But its location and its identity looks and he is more or less adopted by a group of ancient racists of Aryan - headed by a dentist and a priest. Her front house and mail tag is color and swastikas and charges. He was beaten by the ignorance of the former GI. But - by a miracle - his beloved wife returns to the ancient Arabs. Another catch: turns later that is not his wife, but rather his younger sister who has loved him since childhood. <br /> <br /> Last he writes his memoirs in Israel's prison in 1967 before his trial for crimes against humanity. It's not the end of happiness. Nolte can talk to, but does not see, the owner of the cell over his jail. It's Adolf Eichmann. Eichmann seems to be enough enough. He advises Nolte that it is the odds of the type for fifteen hours similar. "It is important to relax. You must learn to relax." Nolte laughs loudly and screams, "That's what I get here." The movie is full of bad conditions. One time in their exciting conversation, Arkin tells him that "in spite of everything I still think people have a good heart." I do not know if the movie was a successful business but if it was not, that's a kind of thing that can be done to a small audience of sportsmen who have never heard of Anne Frank leaving alone last notes in her journal. The fact is that it's a movie for adults, and adults are patient with it. The story goes slowly, there is little violence, no car motivating, no strikes, and people don't appear under the pressure of manic speech. Many of them may beat the old audience who do not opt ​​for their purpose. Nolte refers to the relationship during the war between him and his wife as "the two nation." This is very good words. Of course anyone can come up with a glib definition but it takes a small collection to understand its emotional impression. It is the story of someone who loses everything - his ability to write, his identity, his wife (twice), his only friend, his country, his own honor. One time he stops walking on New York's crowded streets, and sits there until after dark, moving with curious soldiers. The reason he concluded is that they have no chance to go. What Vonnegut explains is far more depressed. I don't mean hearing down but it's a kind of feeling that is hard to understand in your youth. Young people may want to think they know what holds Nolte on one spot, but it requires the importance of maturity and a sense of well-being that can only bring maturity. Remember Robert Robert Frost's address about the house where you go there should you enter? Well no place will take Nolte.
