I did not come to the Mother of Kurt Vonnegut's Mother (although I have read some of her books, all the best satire pieces and the novels that change the game). After seeing the success of Keith Gordon's book of his book, it will have to be read quickly in the future. It is a kind of material that I am sure if it was not in 1995/96 as a film, it would have been taken immediately today during the period when most of the text / current-Holocaust / WW2 movies are very popular. Except that this is very black, although it looks more, about the state of play roles and real feelings of living and life after the war rather than say Reader. It's about the real risk of pretending during the war, which is what the spy in WW2 is quite realistic. <br /> <br /> It would be one thing if Mama Night had a deep emotional and difficult script on ethical choice and a regular role - even after the last battle - to Howard W. Cambpell (Nick Nolte) , which makes it. But it is also a very strong hero of cinematic techniques. Keith Gordon is not the person I often thinks that the power of the most powerful (more-so I think back to him as an actress, odd enough for Vonnegut himself in the Back of School), but this is a revelation. He takes Campbell's story as a life story: a German propaganda ("only American who left Berlin"), who is actually a spy for Americans but can never have his identity, and was before a sports player who really was " the nation of two ", he and his wife (Sheryl Lee). It follows from his prison, awaiting trial in Israel in 1961, writing his memoir and says about his frustration on being 'pretending' to Nazi, and then in 1960 in half of his hiding in New York's apartment, where where the film's abundance happens. Mother's mother can be very heavy, as on one level it can cooperate with Pianist, but with another emotional emotional level than the film's poetry. Gordon, by means of Vonnegut, tries to give us the most powerless person except the memory (and then after weird weird) of his long lost love in the "sister" who goes to NYC, so he is left with his equipment when he becomes a friend of the The painter (Alan Arkin, very good here), and then looks like a Nazi-to-hide with a white supremacist newsletter, leading wackos into his home. On this surface should only be a straightforward story of a spy, but it is not a straightforward matter. 'Something' of this person's life is heavy, but ultimately it is his own choice. Campbell is one of those characters who can be analyzed for hours at the end, but similar conclusions can reach (and, by the way, shows the Goebbels' s attractions): the greatest lie, many people believe. That is but the few who chose who began to lie and know the secret and power of it. But oh, it would be one thing if it's just a wonderful and awesome story, or the other if you had some of the most amazing performances (which is: Nolte is very good here, and Sheryl Lee, who we can remember from Twin Peaks as Laura Palmer, includes many roles, especially in the area that he reveals is not 'true' 'Helga. It is also a very interesting film, with good lights and shots that reflect the attitude of the character, or the color of the quiet or touch time (see the place where the old Campbell is watching the film of its little self-stimulating rant, juxtaposition of faces is good) . And the choice of music raises the level of disaster. It may be saying some of the music is many, but sometimes it raises the past material more than its usual normal measurements and works, gently on human nature. <br /> <br /> It is not always a simple film to take emotional, and some lose tend to tinge of "whoa" as in any spy story. But it is a controversy from Vonnegut living through, the way of appearance and performance, of life following art following life to death, making it something worth remembering. I have no idea if the book is better than the film (or other way around), but it is now difficult for me not to recommend this to anyone who is looking for a post of WW2 / holocaust story.
