I haven't seen the film and Nolte in it that I didn't like. However, this is said, has made many films and I have seen only a few. In my eye I have put pictures of his performance here and one in the "Red Red". Nolte has full talent of action. While it is important to cry out like a wounded lion. While its best are those that I tend to value in executives: when it gives only through facial, hands and body, without saying anything. Having reached the conclusion that the current generation of executives, in general, do not recognize what the practitioners can do without speaking, without appreciation for Keaton's administration and Chaplin, this generation of executives depend heavily on the computer wizard. Of course it is also a sign of the times in which we live. Chaplin lived in our time .... who knows, can also be an explosive tool of CGI. I don't read the Vonnegut novel that this movie comes to the screen. However, the conspiracy is not widely available or has been dubbed that we cannot follow the prescribed path, even with all its surprise. Of course, at first, it seems to be arrogant. However, it is also not difficult. Think about this for the beginning: Spy in the Heart of the Third Reich: He The Wonderful Life of Fritz Kolbe, US Spy the most important in World War II and Delattre and Prichard (see Amazon for more details ). Consider: History of Inventory: Produce Reich: US Investigators In Nazi Germany (I saw it here: http://store.aetv.com/html/product/index.jhtml?id=75054) seems to be Channel History of the production <br /> <br /> So, this story is a shame? Searching for yes, impossible, no. Back to the plot. Nolte's character is employed by accepting the impossibly dangerous message and unfortunately the script does not give us enough reason why it agrees. It was a kind of passivity, that he got sucked in this role as he says because it was the best story he had ever written and he got to play part? That is a difficult thing to think of any of us who could understand. But, it was an unusual time and people did wonderful things. <br /> <br /> Work in all the film for the whole cast is better and as people have said Alan Arkin, always wonderful, it's very good for small role. I was shocked at the end of the film (no - I will not lose it) and make me feel awesome on the election. What? This man felt that the road was finally over and that he had said all that was required and that more would be the added shape to life already filled with many burnt pages? It is hard to say but it actually evaporates. Nolte offers one of the most beautiful exhibitions that you can expect .... The film buildings make you wonder about many things. It is very entertaining and stimulating. What great movies should be. Long but it's worth it. By the way, the film music has a choice from one of the best writers of life: Arvo Part.
