American player Howard W. Campbell, Jr. (played with Nick Nolte's mandatory investigation) lives in Germany with his actor, Helga Noth (Sheryl Lee) before the start of World War II. At the peak of his life, Howard is written by a US agent (John Goodman) to become a witch on behalf of Partners; what he predicted on the job risk, Howard has everything to lose, but it gets a priceless purchase. Following the death of his wife and the end of the war, Campbell was involved in anonymous life in New York City, which makes even more neuroses. The main question (in fact, the question that bothers many critics) of the film and the novel of Kurt Vonnegut is, "is a hero Campbell or traitor?" Director Keith Gordon and author Robert B. Weide gives us an indication, but there is no answer, and this understanding? THIS DOES NOT KNOW? it's what keeps "Mama Night" clean and interesting in. At the beginning of the film, Nolte shows Campbell to be smart and confident; in the end, he may be afraid and uncertainty, or fear and make some of his / her contribution to humanity for his role in war. Gordon uses some cool sheen for pictures of the first half of the film, which adds his picture of the Nazi brain and takes over the Vonnegut side. On the flip side, when Campbell is locked in his own New York home (which he likes "purgatory") just as interesting to the Nazi group, the humorous humor is also quite different from the author, and provides short time from tension sharp continuous. The book of ethics (even spiritual) of "Mother's Mother" does not give birth to a simple resolution, and to the extent that it should be left unworthily? The black-and-white scenes of Campbell are experiencing the power within space as he is bound Israel advises meditation without meditation we do not know if Campbell is a character in which his inner work is getting to know very little; The war is changing him, to return to the United States to change him, and to meet the Nazis in New York has forced him to expand the facade of his "act" even more, to the point where he can only look at the image of himself on the wall, decrease the bile against the Semitic. Perhaps that is the best answer we can hope for.
