At that time of magical life, this is among the most beautiful cases of childhood, and the whirlwinds that signify life. . . this is what this film is about. <br /> <br /> Danni (played with amazing Reese Witherspoon) is the same at that time during life when the movie begins. He stands on Elvis, playing his memory and thinking with love for love. Maureen's sister will soon be a university, she has no trouble and attracts boys, it's good, and it seems that all has been seen though she doesn't. He mentions a man who has lost himself who is also a father after him, and wants just to get a good boy and lose his feet. Danni as many young people want to be someone else but themselves because many young people think they are not enough. He wants to be Maureen but he doesn't see that he's good. When adults begin to get into life is when she meets Foster Court for the first time. The court that the father has recently died has moved to their former farm to work with his mother and two younger brothers. He has been responsible for the responsibility when he should be happy. One day very warm he goes to the pool and jumps just to get Danni skinny dipping. They say and say with Danni's leaves. But they see one day later when the mother of the Court has been invited to Danni to visit old friends (Danni parents). Danni appeals to the Court, and the Court to Danni. He is bright and is spunky, he has a view and says what in his mind. The Court is 17 and Danni 14 and knows but they continue to grow closer to their day in the dam between the Court to work on the farm. When the Court kisses one day, Danni is beaten. Danni's father tells him to invite the court home and he does. but things are not acceptable to the Court on its "date". Although silence has been broken by its meeting with Maureen who has not yet seen the Court. Look at one of the two and all. The warnings of pain and failure of Danni's face are very positive in their reality for life and painful at the same time. Other parts of the film do not tell but the film has more than a relationship between a boy and two sisters. The film's size is in its direction of a good life and pain and relationship between the two sisters whose love is tested by all the boyfriends, and the pain should endure all together with each other. Danni finally marks his entry into the world when he sees that the world is unfair, hurt, and perhaps even less hopeful than when the film started. Small movies can capture the wonder of childhood and adult pain in full. This movie has been since the first time I watched it was discovered in my mind. Its on my movie's top 100 and so it's ok. I just want more movies like this was done, because if so. . . My belief in Hollywood would be much better.
