When I first heard on the show, I heard a lot about it, and it was getting a good idea. I looked at the first part of the "story of journalism", as it declares itself, and I've been involved. I have loved it ever since. This view has a good sense of humor and I enjoy seeing a good show like this. Release is better as their characters, and I don't want to change them in any way. <br /> <br /> For those unknown to this show, Pushing Daisies stations near a man named Ned (aka The Pie Maker, played by Lee Pace) who discovered a special gift when he was young: He could raise the dead by touching a finger . He did it with his dog, Digby. However, there is a catch: If he puts a dead person for a minute, another person dies. He learned this when he raised his mother, and his father crush the child died in the mother's place of Ned. Catching another is like touching someone again, they have died again, but this time for the benefit. He learned this when his mother kissed him a good night. His father took him to boarding school, and when he went, Ned did not see his father again. <br /> <br /> About 20 years later, Ned owns a pie, brave name called "Pie Plate." Ned's partner, Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth) has decreased Ned, but Ned refuses his action, trying to approach anyone, learning from past experience. Private investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) discovered the gift Ned has, and decides to make a partner in solving the murder. Ned touches the victim, asks who killed them, and when the minute is over, he touches them again, and they solve it. That's the way it always is. During this period, the killings are very attractive and have what people do not expect. One day, Ned realizes that his second murder is solving the infant boy, Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel). He brings him back to life and decides to break the law and preserve it. In his place, the funeral director, who stole jewelery from the dead, died. When Emerson sees, and when Chuck wants to help solve the killings, he disagrees - for a while, we hear him called Chuck 'Girl Girl'. This is all hidden from Olive, Chuck Vivian and Lily (Ellen Greene and Swoosie Kurtz, respectively), and everyone for that matter, if anyone recognized him from the banners, news, etc.. Vivian and Lily, who were the same travelers, did not leave the house for years. Emerson, Ned, and Chuck agree to work together. Ned and Chuck grow to love each other, although they can't touch each other again. <br /> <br /> This show is funny, has strong characters, has great twists twists, and definitely get your spirit. I hope it is not available on 13 sessions.
