This show was suggested by critics and those who realized that the similarity between "Pushing Daisies" and the style of anyone was not stealing. (Yes, I have seen "Amelie." "Pushing Daisies" is the same as it is still quite different to be original.) Instead, there is a very small picture on TV that has this kind of charm of quirky. The most effective is "Dead Like Me" but "P.D" comes with the same effectiveness: Bryan Fuller created all shows. (All shows it involves a little "unworthy" woman, for example.) This show did not stop standing, and it was always unusual, but it was always humanitarian. I must say the words about developing story stories. Some people have complained that this show did not have a moral center because in the first (and several) cases after Ned appears to be far from leading to the death of Chuck's father without any consequences. First, this must be a new definition of "no result of any kind" because, despite the fact that Ned was just a boy and did not know that he had caused the death of Chuck's father, however he felt guilty from the time he discovered what he had done. Additionally, about several sections in the series, Ned finally admitted Chuck that he had caused his father's death and gift. Now, there are no police officers for people who have magic and cause one person to die by bringing someone else, so the return and restoration questions should be taken without the leadership of the community. In other words, it is between Ned and Chuck, who did not intend to forgive Ned anytime soon. But this shows the problem with the ongoing lines of stories on web games. I remember when David Caruso's behavior on "NYPD Blue" did something wrong and it seemed he had left it - for a whole year - then he was taken and forced to resign from work (and left show). The point is, the audience should learn now and not think that just because a typical character makes something wrong in one place, and it does not interfere in that part, that he has removed. There is always next week - and maybe even next year.
