I have to say, when "Pushing Daisies" comes immediately I was unsuccessful with the story of genius like putting a bad situation. The author made a cake out of all the problems to make death appear as common as, well, Ned (Lee Pace) baking pies. And that bringing them back to life was constant. <br /> <br /> Three of Ned, Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) and Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel), with sometimes-sidekick Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth, who made Wicked music such fun) made for wonderful talks and silliness. It definitely deserves the name (romantic) comedy / drama game / <br /> Ned and Chuck for shame and not-quite-ready-to-love. Couples who are still investigating their feelings even if they cannot touch - a barrier that seems to be not a barrier to help like protection, cellophane, and a quirky schedule around the apartment. But despite the conflicts presented when they make their feelings close to the mysterious mystery that only a few know, they can still show on the screening of the screen by touching events as when Ned offers Chuck bees. The presence of Olive, though, makes for some break-out-in-song when in a pie shop with unseen problems with a couple <br /> <br /> second season sharply declined, setting a damper on display that had. real potential. In some cases, the plot of the plot ran away with an unusual, causing you to ask "just what happened?" in a crowd of dead-week people and on the line of ongoing plans. The addiction of Chuck's father to add two and a half brothers to Ned did not help, and at least one of the plot lines felt almost recycled (not part of "Food Comfort" feel like part of "Candy Bitter" in the fact that a dead person-of-a-week died in food?). A few touch events (tanks) happened to help develop the relationship between Chuck and Ned, but every time you got close, the authors decided to throw in another monkey wrench instead of the connection to develop (Oliver come back from the monastery, Chuck's dead father returns with does not go back, you get a picture). Shame did not work, but the concept was good and it seemed surreal in a good way, just enough Color Pleasantvillesque / fun-smiley continues with unintended events to remind you that it is not "Dead As Me." Then again, it's in "Pushing Daisies time," according to the creator Bryan Fuller, so make it acceptable again. <br /> <br /> It must have lasted for a long time, but it's just wistful thinking at this point. Kudos for any new attempt to change this temporary space.
