"Pushing Daisisi" is certainly one of the best TV shows of its kind in the last 5 years, agreeing to it or not. Bryan Fuller, creator, has wonderful creative ideas. He is intelligent behind other great TV shows as "Dead Like Me" (2003), "Wonderfalls" (2004), and other not as good as these, but also impressive, "Heroes" (2006). It is a mixture of wonderful world Brian Fuller created in the TV show back, mixing the incredible world of wonder with the realities of people hidden in the paintings and the widespread feelings, something that dairytale is always. Therefore, being a kind of fairytale, you can't expect more of the uncertain world and unforeseen circumstances, or too many situations are expected but not in ways that are often told. <br /> <br /> Gifts always come with curses, and what sweet can also be bitter. That is, Ned (Lee Pace), Piemaker, is a simple boy with a more attractive gift than being an amazing head: he can give life to the dead just by touch. This can be the power that everyone would die - or live - for if it was not for something simple and very sad: he can also give the dead forever if he touches again. The curse of this amazing gift does not give there ... everything is compensated and if it brings anything to life for more than one minute, another person of that person would die immediately. He is a boy full of evil events in life in a way that he grew up to be effective, always afraid to touch everything and lose things once more that one day he was used to love. Until the day that was finally close to his great childhood love, Chuck (Anna Friel), if he had no other sad truth: he was dead. He gave her life again and loved her as she does, but this love cannot be erased. The true kiss of death. And so began this beginning of the modern fairytale. When I heard about "Pushing Daisisi" for the first time it was raised as something very special (or perhaps a kind of tax) for everything that Tim Burton has been created since "The Great Pee-Wee" (1985) "Up to the Big Fish" (2003) and "Charlie And Cholate Factory" (2005). Results cannot be better. The world around Pie's drawing was so great. The stories around Ned and Detective Cod (Chi McBride) to resolve uninterrupted crimes can be very much in the TV, but this is the only way to lead people about the wonderful stories around like Chuck and Olive (Kristin Chenoweth) in a wonderful world full of beautiful pictures and dreams that you can feel the taste of color. Not only, you are connected to a group of wonderful and proud characters, even those who have the darkest sense of humor. The lack of a sense of murder and unsupported crime in many other things. The characters here are on the note. Lee Pace is a tender, soft and contained as a demanding character. Anna Friel is a memory show if her character should be. But very good times are regular with characters like Chi McBride (Detective Emmerson Cod), Swoozie Kurtz (like Lilly Charles), Ellen Greene (like Vivian Charles) and Kristin Chenoweth (like Olive Snook). Swoozie Kurtz shines to make a very dry character lying in the unpleasant humor of darkness that can be afraid of clown, for he really has a good conversation and his words and body language are tested. But if the best conversation is given by Swoozie and his character, the best time is given by Kristin Chenoweth. It seems that he eliminates all the time, he is usually happy that every single area is along the display. Kristin shines brightly in the show that winning the Emmy of 2009 for her role of helping in the show was absolutely fair and worthy. There is also a chemistry among the actors and their characters, which are also wonderful. <br /> <br /> No words to describe what this TV shows is true and what it meant to be. For those who think this show is a waste of time or claim that they have no meaning in it, they really need to open their minds and return to the time when they probably have never been: childhood. <br /> <br /> Really told ... TV has never been very powerful in TV Show as it is with this amazing. "Pushing Daisisi" was a great step in front of the beautiful artistic entertainment and his sudden death was very bad. It is true that TV does not respect the great TV shows like those that Bryan Fuller created - except "Heroes" which still has air and it is not appropriate to be as awesome as the other.
