After reading two or three reviews on the IMD main page of "Pushing Daisies", and after the last minute I finished watching the last part, I thought it was the time I said what I thought about PD. <br /> <br> First off, address what things I have seen other people with this show: something along the line "I expect people who have been rising to the dead have more true answers". True, on this show? Pushing Daisies is true, good and true redemption. It's a palette of colors, conversations used, events, situations, music: all, to me, it's just run from everyday life. Escape from the usual and interesting. It is here that Pushing Daisies exceeds very well Pushing Daisies is not for everyone: Most of the television viewers do not get "for", for other people are out there out and silly. But for people like me, even from the first place I watched (Season 2 "Frescorts") and I was just hit by the show. Since then, I bought all the sets of the box and they have gone out of my DVD player. Some people I know cannot stand, it looks like Marmite. The show follows the adventures of Ned, Piemaker, and the magic finger, who brings good lover Charlotte Charles, works in conjunction with personal inquiry Emerson Cod, who owns a Pie hole and employs a Olive Snook servant. Completing the cast members are Lily and Vivian, whose Charlotte (Chuck) is never allowed to see. They live in a world of thought where the dead are raised, everything is shown in a colorful color, and told by Jim Dale. <br /> <br /> Other than describing the basics of the show, I really can't praise it without saying: Just look at it. Despite having some of the top American actors' scenarios, with only 22 episodes available, they offer amazing instructions, story lines, characters and situations when giving (for me) a satisfactory end (yes, I can tell them it was completed at the end and run, but I was happy with the way out. Although it is innovative or just engaging, for many people (I am included) has made it look more and more amazing, and I hope the future of the television which further shows if this is designed so I am not left with only 22, 40 minutes of minutes of The real entertainment can be.
