Fanshawe's child (Mark Letheren), a powerful architect, has been sent by his boss at home to the largest squire Richards (Pip Torrens), where his job is to find documents and download the collection of antiquities and curios property for the recent death of the squire . The Squire is surprised by Fanshawe's arrival, he did not expect him for another week, but no one accepts him and gets his servant alone, Patten (David Burke .. of Dame Watson), showing him in his room, as Fanshawe should stay for several days to finishing his work much more. Patten may not seem to be a very good type and it seems to not like the extra work that the visit to Fanshawe will involve, a large empty house to provide a large amount of cooking, cleaning and maintenance. Fanshawe is a kind of fussy, very beautiful and accurate with everything that has its place, whether it is her clothes or books and papers and she is interested in dirt in her room. Of course he says he has a desire to start his career, but overturning his binoculars have been destroyed on the journey, so he asks Squire for the second pair, The Squire who is a modern thinker but also appears rather than being given to these issues, too The desire to overcome the problem around the house, so he prays and walks Fanshawe up the hill to explore the properties and neighboring villages, in the Squire tells him with interest, including Hill Hill, where citizens were hung for their crimes and misdemeanors, his interest was also taken by the abbey local which squire spells as destructive, but Fanshawe can see through binoculars that are obvious, he surveys more and pay to visit the abbey website and be surprised to see that there are a few stones left? Fanshawe does not have much time to reflect on this moment when the darkness comes, he feels he sees, feels presence, begins to see the moving shadows in the forest, wondering at his home. On dinner gives a description of his day hurt by the Squire, Patten hears the story and shows the details for it .. Binoculars! they were of an inner man called Baxter, who would appear to be bones and skull collected from Gallows Hill, leaving the fire for some concoction or other, Baxter had lost a secret for one night, the squire who had found objects, including a mask made out the skull and some of the old etchings of the area. These parks attract Fanshawe as they show Abbey through his binoculars, but he learns that abbey had been destroyed during Henry VII's rule and so it was impossible for Baxter to draw drawings, never under the signature and written by Baxter as soon as he concludes that binoculars have special power. That night she has a very bad nightmare, when she wakes up, puts away from binoculars to look closely to abbey through them, what she sees wonderfully but she is in danger of doing so? Fanshawe is finally faced with his risk problem, as the darkness comes to Squire and the search party to find the current specialist of the archaeologist, they are recognized by several of the loud sounding sounds around the HIll of Gallows, revealing their speed, but they will be in time to help or save Fanshawe from his destiny? The Story of the Spirit for the Christmas film series by the BBC sadly ended its run by the film in 1978 and The House House, they were in great proportion to the work of M.R. James the chief. In 2005 and 2006 the series was briefly briefed and thanks to A View from Hill also marking the return of James's work, whose writings of the spirit of haunted many generations of readers. Luke Watson's new series can be worried by the fans of old films, but he returns to the neglected period of future films that immediately put the spirit of the spirit of the Spirit, his leadership is assured if he stays true with the feelings of the masters working and gradually builds up the fear of the peak of horror, all the time putting what the viewer sees at a low level, so it causes tension and secrecy. The Autumn Country provides an oodles of the atmosphere, the leaves fall and the sun's low lies giving the state of impairment of the evil events of coming. What is required should be said all of them are very high and fully performed in their roles. The idea behind the binoculars is simple but very effective, the use of man did something to see the natural beings and events that the naked eye cannot see, may even affect Álex de la Iglesia in his film La habitación del niño (2006) the following year , which bears identical similarities. I had heard a review of this film, but I must say I got all the amazing moments and even raised a few hair on my head and gave me a few shivers, something that is not very common these days, I think any strife around the film can only be associated with its pacing , which with my eyes is perfect but for modern viewers will be seen as a decline in death. Most of the time is given, even within a short period of 40 minutes, for the development of character and expansion of the plot and I must say it is my new favorite and certainly one of the best films over ten years.
