Imagine that you can have anything you want, go wherever you want, be whatever you like to have - through ideas only. Now imagine you sharing this gift with the love of your life. What would you do? What? Is that power suitable for your soul? This is a problem presented to Captain Christopher Pike in the "Cage" section of the original experimental story of Star Trek. The family that looked like "brain" and "cold" and NBC's copper and rejected, "Cage" was, however, the most valuable and highly valuable experiments made in web history at the time, and Gene Roddenberry did not want to allow all those efforts to The cost loses, and the result is this true part of Star Trek, which entails the "Cage" on the story story that adds to the deepening of the emotional and philosophical story of this haunting story, history in television history and one of the first stories. The great sci-fi that has been done on a small screen ... Starter 3012: USS Company allows Starbase 11 after Mr. Spock get a quick message from the former Company commander. Amazingly, the message cannot be from Captain Pike after all, for now he is bound on the wheel, silent and very spoiled after a terrible accident. Kirk and Starbase Director, Commodore Mendez, tries to reach the bottom of the secret, but before the issue is given, Spock - for reasons that are still unknown - is acting independently, capturing Captain Pike who is helpless and robbing business through a thought-provoking program. of the time considered and supported by small viber courage. Recently, the company is run by a distant planet, the ban of Talos IV. Mendez informs Kirk that Talos IV is under control, and any communications with planets and starfleet or employees carry the death penalty fast, meaning that Spock seems to be deliberately destroying, and Kirk also, because Captain will be held responsible for ship operations. Surprised, Kirk and Mendez offers after the flight, which itself becomes dangerous when the Company refuses to answer their phone or take the trick until the power and oxygen has gone. Remember - knowing that Kirk should be one following the ship - of course he cannot send Captain to a certain death. After ordering the trick to be renewed by the local artists, Spock shows what he did to McCoy and the alleged arrest, after placing a starhip in the wrong way of Talos IV. After an enrichment order, Kirk claims the details, where Spock appeals to the court's court and court officials of Starfleet - who are three on board - Mendez, Kirk and Captain Pike. Spock's documentation of Starfleet's documentation enables him to run the court by allowing him to give other improper evidence. Spock offers only video recordings that have taken place between the Federation and the inhabitants of Talos IV - a trip taken 13 years earlier by the business itself under Pike's command. Kirk expresses doubts about the authenticity of the video because of its detailed explanation, but the realities of the events shown have been confirmed by Pike himself, who turns out to have missed the Talos IV for a distress call from victims of the Federal Research tool that fell in years 18 previously. Among the victims are Vina, the wonderful beauty you say is born before the tragedy. Pike is attracted to the girl and allows her to take her to a special place, where she is beaten and captured by the Almaia, the color of humanoids and wisdom and great ability and the ability to change the ideas in reality. After catching Pike, some of the "victims" lose if none of them existed except Vina. The time is approaching when the court learns that the "evidence" of Spock is actually spread to the Company directly from Talos IV, contrary to the principles of Starfleet. Starfleet quick command to transfer, and we wonder what will happen next ... To continue the review of "Menagerie: Part II"!
