The part of one and two menagerie was the sole of 2 parter during the run for 3 years of the original Trek series and it was because Roddenberry was able to insert more of the pictures from the first experiment "The Cage." The move was given to the necessary, to combat the end-time problems in accessing the produced time (such as the sf show back in the 1960s was a problem of timely execution). One of the best results behind that was that the listeners, not knowing the experiments made almost a few years earlier, were treated by new staff and captain for these two pieces over the frequent beatings of the actors, as producers used twice the money on these epic episodes. A series of years of Starfleet History (although it still uses words like 'Unity Fleet' in these earlier sessions). The story of wraparound begins as a secret secret: Business is restored to Starbase 11 for unknown reasons and soon Spock is a suspect in these shenanigans. Surprisingly, though even McCoy with the fact that Spock's legacy of Vulcan makes ruin on its side probability, it does not mean that Spock is actually doing a bright plan of Shanghai for our valuable starhip and snatching its former captain, Pike, who is now seriously injured. Well, Spock is half human, we hope to forget. Or has he gone mad? It is possible that, since he is leading the Company to Talos IV, the planet is far from those limits is the only death penalty known in Starfleet books. When the jig is over, there is a large spock surrender to the planned McCoy, as Uhura looks at. Even Kirk, often as strong as the captain should be, he does not know what to do with his first democratic trend. <br /> <br /> In the third and last actions, we begin to see the photos of the Enterprise message from 13 years before, when Capt Pike was ordered and Spock was one of his officials. We do not know where all this goes and what Spock expects to complete - and that is something else that makes this a very good-parter - we really need to know what it is about 2. It is not just Spock facing severe penalties, but it seems that Kirk's work may end , too. Two functions, folks. This is also the first part of a TV that includes one of these transfer trips (none in the early "Enemy Domestic" when the crafts are most needed). There is also one of the best matte paintings to show the brightness of the future starbase - this is the only way to look at the past. Finally, see Kirk's smug way at the start of the boy - the event, make things go ahead of him as the story continues.
