I must warn them, there are providers in it. But in order to get started, I got the "Spanish judges" in February I think. It was to mention it the last copy, but as I saw, it was not ordered again. But any way, I have. I thought it was good. I wanted to see this especially because of a good actor, Matthew Lillard (I am surprised no one on a special mention of the scar) though it is a type of low budget, earning enough money to make this film worth worth. Man, it's a good actor. The story is about the artist known as Jack (Matthew Lillard) who “claims” to have a product called Spanish judges. If you do not know what the Spanish judges have or did not see the trailer for this and this is the first review you have read, I will not say what they are. I think it would be a great loss for no one knew what it was. He needs protection, so he employs a couple who are also crocodiles, Max and Jamie (Vincent D'Onofrio and Valeria Golino) with a Piece (Mark Boone Junior). She has a girl who can't tell anyone her name because she is from Mars, as she said. So they (especially Jack) called him "Mars Girl". Everything starts well, but it turns out to one nice game. The game that involves certain desires, lies and betrayal. There were some over doing that (Matt and Valeria, together with Tamara, they were not one of them). There were certain events that they could do well and the score would be even better. Some marks were very good. The theme they used for the beginning and end (before credit) was a good choice of song, that's my opinion. The battlefield at the end may be long and slightly more violent, but what can you do? One more comment on Matt: Damn, plays soft spinning. I know this is a review, but I need to make adjustments to NeCRo, one of the reviewers: Valeria Golino is not a stranger. According to this website, he has been doing since 1983. For me, and with hope for others, he is known as the love of Italian Charlie Sheen interest in both "Hot Shots!" movies. But a good review. Although I think it's one of the most common movies I have seen and it is very good (that's why I have given 10 stars above), I will give you what I thought when I first saw it. <br /> <br /> 8/10
