You should take what I say a little bit. I have seen many films, many and I have reviewed them, for publication. So when I tell you that this film has one funniest place I ever saw on the film, you might want to listen to me. There are a lot of different views about what makes this fantastic film so wonderful. And for those who caught, well, I can not blame, very much. The place I say, comes on a 30-minute mark and involves a dead person who is bound to John Candy. Up to that point, I had found a dumb movie, confused and was starting to lose me. When this place came, I cut it very hard, I looked at my pants. No movie ever done that before. When the project started, "Go to Berserk" was supposed to be a SCTV movie. I remember it's advertised. For a long time, cast was down by John Candy, Joe Flaherty & Eugene Levy. There is also the possibility of change in Universal, when it was shot, because after its opening, it was displayed in the vicinity of ZERO. After looking at the second time, I listened to the theme of the theme (which actually feeds how unintelligible the plot is, in the lyrics), has stabilized my logic of logic and decided what is going on. In addition to the procedure shown earlier, "Go to Berserk" has many hilarious images to recommend. This is almost 3 Stoog flick, unless it's funnier a lot. Director David Steinberg has a long-term balance, and he must be all laughing in this way. Like Pipi, who is primarily involved here, has never been a funnier. For all the plot and events of the details made out of the window, he runs quite wild. Flaherty and Levy follow him diligently. There is a conspiracy, but it is a plot like a "Animal House" with a plot, and yes, the script is not recommended, and it's a little slow to start. Once you know this, however, you can understand the full understanding of the SCTV model you are opening. It's stupid, but it's stupid for the purpose, and you need to remember that when you see it. See it, and know yourself, if it has a funniest area of ​​all time in it.
