O dear. But another example of "Oireland" and religion. Of course we will see other violence that is complicated with some of the "optical fighters and eyes" from IRA. Well so was my original answer when the credit started but more than an hour and a half later I was in a state of shock. What a very good film <br /> <br /> The story begins on the wedding day between Sean Cloney and Sheila Kelly in the 1950s. There is little trouble since they married in the Catholic church and Sheila is protestant but for the wedding from Sheila takes The promise that his children will bring Catholic and attend a Catholic school when 'is old enough. Stories - Which has been installed in the 1950s - then jumps in a few years when Cloney's daughter is approaching school but Sheila has decided that she will attend a very protestant school deep in the shame of the local priest Stafford. From there the things that are multiplying / I want to put my cards on the table and say that in spite of having an Islamic and Scottish legacy I was promoted as an agnostic and I have seen it not God in my whole adult life. In fact when it comes to religion I see it as Marxist and religion is a stupid weapon used to drive people. The love shown shows what happens when self-defense defenders separate themselves from telling others what to think and believe. I would like to say that if Karl Marx saw this film he would like it and call it a masterpiece? Perhaps I shouldn't have since the story of this story shows what happens when other people make your thoughts to you / it <br /> By responding to a couple of counselors who have claimed this movie is a bad propaganda I don't want to know the exact details of what has happened in Wexford County and there is no denial that Father Stafford and his Catholic group are shown to be bad people but Sheila cannot be guilty. Think of a woman who lived in a rural village in the 1950s who takes the promise to bring her children as a Catholic then change her change and believes that there will be no results for this? This is a warning against promising and not taking care of them. Not only is it disappearing to enable others to take pieces of their broken lives. There is also something that no one else has chosen and that is that the only character and any kind of moral sense is the former IRA person Andy Bailey who is shown to be difficult not because he was a former member of the IRA (That makes a difference. on the DEVIL TODAY here, but just because he doesn't have a God who has decided to think himself <br /> <br /> A LOVE DIVIDED is a very good movie that has a lot to say for itself, all that I agree with. If there is any type of blaming that it feels like a TVm instead of a cinema movie but I believe I can live with it and it is important to look at anyone who thinks religion is an opium of the citizen
