I never fail to be surprised and shocked by the evil that has been prophesied in the history of the world in the name of religion, and it seems that the Catholic Church's Church in the twentieth century Ireland puts it up to close and up - considering that the wisdom of history and modern times should have A certain effect of surprising. Love is divided into a story of a real family destroyed by indifference and disgusting in the name of church doctrine. At the beginning of the film, we offer a self-centered view of the village village of Sheila and Sean Cloney having been married to two young children. Sean is a Catholic and Sheila is a Protestant, but he has no reputation with their resurrected Catholic children. There is no sign of any hatred between Catholics and Protestants in the village. Peace and love relationships have been broken recently when Sheila expressed the desire that their older son attended a Protestant school. The local priest isolates himself to prevent this "sin" and soon Sheila's husband and all Catholic Catholics rebuked him and his father, a dairy farmer. In the act of indifference and despair, Sheila takes her two daughters and runs away from the area. <br /> <br /> Special information should be given to Orla Brady who plays Sheila. He gives a very good performance where the viewer is attracted to the emotional problem where he decides to reject the wishes of the man he loves so much to make his desire to independence from the pressure of establishment. For the same position it is Liam Cunningham who plays Sean for that gives a real picture of a person not nearly as hard as his wife who has broken between his love for him and the influence of the Church and society. <br /> <br /> If false, this film would be a good and interesting game. In view of the fact, it changes with the worst disaster. In real life, the people and the village did not return fully from the events that occurred there. It took nearly a century for the Church to recognize its ugly position in the events, and though Sheila and Sean lived their lives in the area, they did not get fully from what was done by religious leaders and their villagers. Aircraft to fight in the premises, to cause women to doubt, condemn the whole community, or simply clear about torture and murder, we humans have the ability to use religion as a negative negative force in our society.
