It requires beauty and understanding of Shakespeare doing justice to this excellent movie. However, I will give you go. Besides the change of Hamlet to go this is already a much better start than all other versions because it involves playing the whole. This is still not a guarantee of the first movie, or even good. Normally I am not a lot of movies that have grown so much and that seems to be widespread in Hollywood today, ie that movies must be at least two hours long, possibly three, one of which will certainly take a long time. Small stories are enough to withstand such massive inquiry and can do with some cutting. Making a four-hour and long film making it interesting is not a small task, but Kenneth Branagh wipes it with flying colors. He has been able to make a very long film no more than any average movie. I was quite grown from beginning to end. Release is the best by Kenneth Branagh himself as the head of suffering with strong and memorable performance. He can express his feelings through his voice and should not be a shakespearean expert to catch among the feelings that come into it. Kate Winslet was a good surprise, I must say. I didn't know what to expect real. I have always loved him as an actor, but he was not sure he can play Shakespeare. Indeed, he certainly removed all doubts and his performance. He is the best Ophelia I saw and gave a great deal of character and was just wonderful. Other excellent performances are Derek Jacobi as Claudius, Richard Briers as Polonius and Nicholas Farrell as Horatio for a name but few. I loved the fact that Branagh used the most popular international stars to participate in other small tasks; I especially enjoyed the mix between Hamlet and gravedigger played by Billy Crystal. <br /> <br /> Playing in the 19th century provides a welcome change to the usual Gothic settings. It is generally more lighter than other versions that I have seen, more colorful and interesting, but this is not misleading from the play of the play. It is unique, delicate and pleasant, happy eye and other mind too. Music by Patrick Doyle is always magical and completely in drama and film. One can only feel a strong feeling of satisfaction after seeing this thing. I am shocked and surprised that this art works of art did not win an award for the best image, even more so that it has never been appointed. There was no way with the best film released that year, or any other year for it. This is close to perfection as you can expect to get. To conclude, the wonderful work of fresh thinking and I can't see how anyone can do it. My hat is far from you Mr. Branagh.
