Many people do not think Branagh's Hamlet film is very good, but I must admit I think it's very good. If almost every Shakespeare production, it has difficulty and has to make a difficult choice, not all who work. The thing about "hidden doors everywhere", for example, does not work. This feature does not give a bad impression of an image or an analogy that tries, which makes the play more confident and lose the meaning of the thousands of hidden symbols that are coming. This is a major problem of this production. And when it's biggie, I'm also interested in saying that it's the only problem. Almost everything else works very well. Okay, so Branagh is a very old mite for the role of the head. And the relationship with Ophelia seems to have little responsibility. And she also gets hysterical sometimes. But that's it. No other complaints. Even with these errors, I think that this version is one of the seminal, and if it is not a strong drum if it should be, it is every work of Scripture which is the same. We get the full text of the longest version of the play, with creativity and largely bringing it to the screen, especially known for the perfect and modern sound and understandable - even if sometimes it speaks too fast to get the most comprehensive text. But in Shakespeare's stage, it is impossible to talk slowly to the audience to really understand the depth of language. Therefore, one must enter the printed version of games. <br /> <br /> All the characters of this version are just photographed and quite and very quickly (including Jack Lemmon). Julie Christie as Gertrude is certainly one of the best, and even American actors are wondering, esp. Charlton Heston as a Player Player - who would think? (The story spinning that Heston once played Hamlet on stage, and when the offender in the front row could not stand his hammy work and said loudly, "This is terrible!", Heston reportedly withdrew from action point: "Well, I don't write this word! ”Of course it may not be true, but it's a fantastic story - and if it is true, the option and courage for Branagh to insert Heston here.) Robin Williams as" Young Ozric "is probably not the least enough for that part, but makes it one comical, which is certainly. <br /> <br /> Generally it is a very free version, and many of the most important events have, for my mind, substantially remembered. Of course, I watched this film as I had Shakespeare's (and close to one of Romeo + Juliet's wonderful Luhrmann time), and made a great impression on me, which should take some of my love. br>> <br /> All things have been taken into account, I must pronounce Hamlet's Branagh to be my favorite one, and Derek Jacobi's 1980 BBC version second second. I probably like Shakespeare's Branagh works more than many, looking for an expert interpreter and popularizer, with a common view of words and deep appreciation and accuracy and enthusiasm of literature. In the world of Shakespeare acting, two more bright wonders remain Olivier and Branagh, and while Olivier is a great actor, Branagh brings Shakespeare under a snobbery and artifice walk, and converts it into a churlish, simple, emerging world of noble his. Branagh, I believe, brings Shakespeare truer than the world has not seen. And so, 10 out of 10 for the largest Hamlet.
