When I first read Hamlet, I couldn't help but think about the end of ASTAGEOUS FORTUNE, where Bette Midler puts play because of how she deserves, and says, "Give me Romeo any day." Five actions of someone trying to determine whether or not to kill his uncle or not? It seemed like an overkill to me. But on reading more, I was very aware of playing. I have seen the versions of the movie Olivier and Gibson (and part of Nicol Williamson's version), and they all take their example from Olivier; Dane of melancholy. Olivier at least did it without engaging in it, but Gibson and, from what I saw, Williamson, looked like they went to "Look, Ma, I do! I'm doing!" school. Now comes the Kenneth Branagh version, which is very interesting from beginning to end. It completed # 2 on the top ten of 1996 (back in PATIENT, and in front of LONE STAR, JERRY MAGUIRE, FARGO, SECRETS & LIES, everyone who says I love them, fall in trouble, and night, and looking for RICHARD), and it's a good hamlet, and maybe the best Shakespeare, put the film. In fact, Branagh's talent as a film manufacturer, making a full version of length, in 70mm publishing, and not losing our interest for four hours, is good, but what appears to be ignored in the discussion about this film is its performance in the role of the head . This is my favorite game of the year off. Branagh avoids the repetitions that actors seem to be inserted by playing as a casual, ordinary human, and makes us understand his actions and feelings every step of the way. And unlike Olivier, who was very dependent on his voice, Branagh uses his whole body to show many kinds of emotions that Hamlet passes, but because he plays with him as usual, no one seems like chewing. <br /> <br /> Other cast are over-notch as well. I had no intelligence even Jack Lemmon, though I admit that he was the most weak member of the cast. The most amazing thing came from Charlton Heston; I've seen him as hard as a board, but he strictly commands as King Player. Another great surprise was Billy Crystal; I thought I would like to see him as wrong as the first Gravedigger, but he was a normal ordinary person when he had a reputation. All in all, a glorious film!
