There were many things fighting me with this film before watching it. First, I was a senior high school, in the Shakespeare class I wasn't like, even a half of! Shakespeare would not be more than UNINTELLIGIBLE without me shed all my collection in its almost encrypted games ... encrypted and very difficult to understand the language .... and then I didn't get more. <br /> Second, it was 4 hours long! I never thought that it might be a good thing. Well, I tell you something. This movie was very good, very beautiful, I understood all the language as it was happening. Now, the script was followed by a letter in this film, the script that was not understood to me in Shakespeare class. And here I had my mind to open and I understand. I had doubts when I watched the film around! But behold and behold ... when it is done, and then only, Shakespeare comes to life. So this version of Hamlet showed me that Shakespeare is really a master, who wrote a good story. I saw it on the big screen, especially in the big picture of the budget (for a great movie and photography), and acting with amazing Brannagh and being thrown, somehow .... I understood what was going on. What said. Language is wonderful and enthusiastic. It allows a lot of crude feelings ... when words cannot describe something, maybe Shakespeare's words may. I still keep on until this day that The North Star (animated, english dub) is the largest movie made. No movie offers more entertainment quality. But for the film will come close to the fist of dethroning from the same position (which Hamlet made - approaching) is really amazing .... have inspiration. It was not a movie. It was an event. Even more amazing, it helped me appreciate shakespeare. Wow. Power. Power is a word. One of the real, authentic documents out there. It gets two trillion stars from the stars of infinity. Yes it is. The way, all the children out in the Shakespeare class ... forget it. You're destroying you when it's time. You see the drama done. So then justice will be done to them.
