The film studio's image that is derived from financial rather than innovation is not true (in fact, it is more true than false). This asks the question why Castle Rock Entertainment has allowed Kenneth Branagh to create a perfect, infinite and "Hamlet" control and its full control of creativity among other things. Of course, Branagh agreed with other agreements (the beat of the stars, and the 2.5 hour version of the release), but why the film studio would allow Branagh to spend money for the 4-hour edition that they knew would see? Can they have at least in this case, having enough respect for the vision and vision of Branagh to create something for just a few people? That's not the question I can answer. For any reason, this is a glorious vision for those who are willing to spend four hours to watch "Hamlet." Everyone knows the story, so I won't spend much time on that. However, unlike other playbacks, the inclusive action, this is an unusual production, which has never been done before. According to some, Shakespeare never wanted a game to be produced without a decision, leaving a decision of what would include the insight of the director. What he said, I have no doubt that he was able to see it, Bard would be very happy with the production of Branagh. <br /> <br /> The movie is very big with film stars, although many have only a little part. They all play their equal parts. I would think Branagh very old to play the part of Hamlet, and while it might still be, its performance more than it makes for it. Hamlet is a complicated place, showing every emotion from sadness, anger, madness, and everything in between. Branagh put it on the nails. Derek Jacobi is fierce as Claudius evil, whose fraud and deception puts all these things in operation; His unique voice is perfect for the role. Julie Christie is also very good as Gertrude, a mother of caring for Hamlet who does not know what is going on until the end of the game. Ethnic artists are beaten in small parts (Judi Dench is on all of 60 seconds and has no lines), but at least they are in it. Surprised, nobody takes this heart; everyone gives all of them, and shows. Special visits there go Jack Lemmon and Billy Crystal, who are better. Robin Williams is very little, but not bad (its part is very small). However, this is definitely the show of Branagh. He changed one of the most popular games in history, and in doing so, took the project whale; it's amazing that he did, but the fact that this film is good is a great success. I really liked this film that you don't need to be a Shakespeare scholar to enjoy it. As many people know, Shakespeare is hard to dig, but Branagh and its cast understand this. "Hamlet" is still very happy to sit and listen to the audience to give a good conversation and act well. This must be seen by anyone and everyone. It may have four hours long, but it is definitely worth it.
