First, I like it. Acting was not true to the Hamlet level. Branagh was really high-up, doing a lot of singing more. In my opinion, those actors who were not famous for the usual name worked better; although I would like Billy Crystal and Robin Williams. (And Charlton Heston, too, but I wasn't sure if he was playing as a hack.) Many worries in the game were clearly resolved one way in flashbacks. <br /> <br /> What I think is talking too much in this play is that it is available. Shakespeare is difficult to understand for a large number of people today; Many people do not even rely on trying, because of its reputation as the Great Literature and its basic English. If they see this film they will understand at least one person's interpretation. They will see more as Shakespeare viewers saw it: play with the fighting of war and war, with powerful kings and nobles, murder and evil relationships and evil plans and ghosts - and good art, if someone cares to look for it, but in the Day of Most Shakespeare did not, most of the people now. Branagh's failure, and his forced interpretation of the story to the viewer, can prevent Shakespeare's art somewhat, but it is better that modern viewers get their piece, rather than something. <br /> <br /> I 'Must say one more thing though. Some people complain that it "was put in the 19th century and that was not Shakespeare". In fact, during Shakespeare their dress and their surroundings were their own day for all their games. Shakespeare may have seen in the days of ancient Rome or Denmark in the middle or whatever, but he was not wearing his characters as they were, he used his own clothing. For the same reason his games are full of acronisms. For example, in King John English and French have tiny - day Robin Hood. In Julius Caesar they speak about chimneys, which have not been made for another thousand years, and in Henry IV they talk about Machiavelli, who was not even born at that time. So I think this objection is silly - you can also complain that playing is not in Danish (after all those living in Denmark is not?).
