Still being of school age, and learning Shakespeare almost regularly for the last four years (which is very far-set of any author, no matter how good), I couldn't expect to enjoy this film when my English teacher put it up; I thought it would be a common concept of English language: a bad act, a brutal beat, wrong with a contemptuous conversation, so, as you can say, I had gone to the coma. However, I watched and, in particular, with my problem, I found myself not only paying attention, but actually enjoying the movie too. The Hamlet production is one of the best performing movies I have seen for a long time - and it brings a life that I hope Shakespeare wanted his games to be like (well, unlike this is a movie) better than my English teacher who deals on literature ever possible. The story is good, the dialogue seems to be based on unexpected grace (though it is a little hard to keep together and not used in Shakespeare language) and even the smallest part happens with the skills you can expect; in particular, perhaps, due to the vast number of this movie cameos has. Brian Heri and Charlton Heston are best if you would like to expect these two veterans, even in small pieces so, but it's Robin Williams as Osric and Billy Crystal as Gravedigger who actually stands, casting a small part like an unexpected zest, as well as providing comic relief at a time of disaster. <br /> <br /> The main star, of course, is also amazing. Kenneth Branagh adds like a hamlet, bringing not only the chaos and pain needed on the roll, but also the kind of sardonic air that plays well in comic scenes, making the movie as a whole to be seen. A few other players are also good, but it is Kenneth Branagh who stands up with the shoulders over the other in the role of the title. The fragments of the set, too, are often very interesting, providing a fascinating change for the old danky fortresses we have been seeing in Shakespeare production, as well as the real sense of the country around them. In fact, the film has been regarded as the film itself, not wrong, but not the main (just solving it is the only real problem I can think of offhand, as well as prose for anyone who was not used, as I said, Shakesperean language) and, especially compared to the Shakespeare Products I saw in class, it is quite true. It has even thought to reconsider my original position on Shakespeare, that its games are boring (I came to the conclusion not games that are boring, just teachers who call them in class). If only they did all of the drama on a movie like this, English students at school everywhere could have a high opinion on Bard. <br /> <br /> Total 7/10
