According to the idea from Gackt, Moon Child was held in a country that was injured by Mallepa. In the future line, the story followed the lives of two main characters, Kei (HYDE) and Sho (Gackt) and their growing friends. <br /> <br /> Although some actions can be made more or perhaps humorous, I strongly believed that this is a movie about friendship. Even among all the problems between each character, at the end, each of them wanted to have someone on their side, having friends. <br /> <br /> Unlike many of the vampire characters, Kei was shown a vampire who lost the idea of ​​having to kill to survive. The Vampire got a friendship in the hand of a little boy Sho who is not afraid of Kei. Regardless of what others could imagine, I see Kei as the figure of the father at Sho. Kei was there all the former life of Sho, who cared for him, and taught him to live in a world where authority within control groups control their lives. On the other hand, Sho who might seem to be the guilt of the boy's guilt, grew up to be the person who realized that life is not all about fun and games, that death is not able to remove his loved ones I love a part that Lee Hom, actress who played the Son , first appeared screens. The way they met was quite cool. The Son also has a great place in this film, the fact that he has from different colors, Taiwan, made quite harmonious on the theme of friendship within the film. The way the friendship built, though the nature of the nature was clearly shown in this film. I believed that every actor did a good job considering that this was their first time to appear in such a great movie. Both HYDE and Gackt were able to act well and create entirely honest characters. Unlike the films that the singer had turned the participants into filling the movie and songs, they did a great job of work! The month of the month really had an effect on me, you have given us a new meaning and consideration, that we should be aware of every friendship of our lives. Movie shows much hope, despite all the bad things that happen in their lives, that there is always hope. Life may be cruel, that appears that hope no longer exists. It also shows a very strong feeling of friendship between each other, even when the Son was an enemy, Sho had a “fun way” in their last battle. Each of them wanted peace at the end, no matter how far they have been away. The last area showed us.
