"Invisible Ray" is a false part of science and part of fear. It was also the third of the article Karloff / Lugosi. In this enter the great responsibility goes to Boris Karloff. By means of special star equipment, Dr. Janos Rukh (Karloff) shows colleagues Dr Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi), Sir Frances Stevens (Walter Kingsford), his wife Lady Stevens (Beulah Bondi) and their nephew Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton), that a meteorite with a powerful element, came to Africa for millions of years in the past. Rukh attracts its visitors who invite them to go on a trip to Africa to find an amazing feature. Rukh is leaving alone and finds a place where a meteorite has fallen and a feature that he calls "Radi X". Due to the lack of Rukh for a long time, his beautiful wife Diana (Frances Drake) is attracted to Drake and two fall in love. At that time Rukh feels for Radi X for sure that anyone who touches will die immediately. Pollution causes its skin to give light in the dark. Rukh goes to Benet for help. Benet plans medicine that if taken daily, will provide timely protection for the feature. Unfortunately, the death factor is also affecting the brain of Rukh, and making it a slow humor. While Rukh continues his career, Sir Frances takes the news of the discovery back to France. Diana and Ronald followed her. When Benet informs him of this action, Rukh accuses the party of betrayal and its discovery and secretly plans revenge plans. When he returns to France he learns the power of Radium X healing when he cures his mother (Violet Kemble Cooper) and Benet's work in healing his patients' illness. But the hatred of Rukh increases. First he kills an innocent man named Rukh. After hearing the destruction of Rukh, Diana and Ronald are married. This irritates Rukh and begins to take revenge on five other members of the trip. One night she was beaten on a trap set by Benet and ...............> <br /> Karloff is the best in the moving role from a happy married couple who is engaged in securities. Lugosi has a direct role at once and does what he can and a small part. At 79 minutes this film was the second time longer than Karloff / Lugosi's co-operation. The film of Karloff all the way.
