The third collaboration of Karloff and Lugosi sees the departure from Poe and go to the false singer area. Karloff has Dr. Janos Rukh, the creator of a device that can take light radiation through his telescope in the Carpathian Mountains and call them in pictures that create a visual history of the world. <br /> Before several visitors, including Lugosi as Dr Benet, an astro expert who had accused of Rukh's theory, shows the existence of an unknown radio feature, here called "Radi X", located in the fallen meteor in black Africa several thousand years ago. Karloff joins the trip to prove his theories, but Radi X is the worst compound - it lurks mountains for a long time, and heals the blind for a short time. Rukh does not care, however, and is offensive to himself, burning in the dark instead of the former Reader Breck! Dr. Benet is almost ready to deal with radiation work, but a mixture of toxins and remedies transport Rukh equally. He believed that he was suspected, he wanted the members of the trip to Paris, including his wife's wife, and very touching when his radioactive state meant death ... <br /> <br /> On the way we get an old concept of the knowledge and sciences that the eyes of the deceased person recorded the image of their killer (Karloff's extraordinary) and the Radium X device used to resemble images representing the members of the journey. And even the touch of James Whale in cockney landlady in Paris! The Invisible Ray is a great pleasure, far from the Gothic opening is interesting to see Universal move move around Africa and Paris. The film does not speed, but it always takes. Karloff defeats his job but Lugosi is severe. Universal used the basic story of the story in Man Made Monster, this time with Lon Chaney Jr. as a fatal danger (this is caused by electricity) and Lionel Atwill as more doctor than Lugosi is here. Invisible Ray is a thin and very clever film that is very interesting. It is not as popular as Other Horror, perhaps, but it works and is very entertaining.
