The fear of God Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi should be more than enough reason for any kind of film look, and, even though the most interesting is not the only reason to look at this very small gem of Sci-Fi / Horror. When Lambert Hillyer's "Invisible Ray" of 1936 is not appropriate to share the beauty of other modern films related to Karloff ("Frankenstein," Mrs. Frankenstein "," Mummy ", ...) or Lugosi (" White Zombie "," The Island of Lost Hearts "," Dracula ", ...), or both (" Black Cat "," Raven ", ...), this is undoubtedly an entertaining film that no lover of the devotional film should consider For comparison with other Universal Horror pictures, the story of the story seems to be a fraud, but in a good way. For Karloff and Lugosi, of course, shines as always, and the film also benefits from good things and beautiful pictures. a skilled scientist who has developed a method of looking at the past through the telescope, and sees that the meteor has attacked the world a thousand years ago. Rukh makes a discovery that has the potential to cause great prosperity and massive destruction. It is quite strange that Karloff, who was really a British, has a Hungarian scientist here when Lugosi, who was a Hungarian, includes a French scientist, but all is as good as usually. As far as I was concerned, these two fears of fear could have been done to read the phone directory, and I am sure they would do something out of it - someone is a kind of Horror type, and seeing them together is treating every fan of a kind. By the way, this is one of the few films, if not alone, which is obvious that Lugosi was longer than Karloff. Frances Drake guides a very beautiful woman in her role as a good wife of Dr Rukh. Some of the exhibitions are also good, if not worth mentioning. In addition to the cast of Karloff and Lugosi, the great features of the film may be the environment due to beautiful surroundings and pictures, as well as a fun and highly entertaining storyline. My main complaint is that I would like more time for Lugosi screen, and for its role to be more important. He is wonderful as always, but his role can be greater, and worse. Otherwise, "Invisible Ray" is an awesome entertainment film which should satisfy every partner of the Classic Horror / Sci-Fi movie, and must see to all my friends of Lugosi / Karloff.
