Okay, remember for people who put together these stories of DVD practice: I'm thankful and very helpful to the program, but? Did you stand even before the movie before choosing them as part of the collection? When I bought a collection of Boris Karloff there were several films that just star played a role of supportive and meaningful ("London Tower", "wonderful door"). "Invisible Ray", however, is part of the collection of Bela Lugosi and here is actually Boris Karloff who conquers Bela! This actually would have been the main name for the collection of Boris Karloff instead! Bela Lugosi's behavior is more likely and harder who has been shown in all his work and good old Karloff makes a mad scientist and very dangerous here. "Invisible Ray" has three main features. First, put in the Carpathian fortress of Dr. Janos Rukh is very good and requires the patient's perspective, but of course the characteristics of the character and the issue discussed here are based on all the film. Dr Rukh (Karloff) shows his closest colleagues (between Bela Lugosi as Dr Benet) how he could capture the external indoor radiation into an independent device. Scientists are very impressed by his work and welcoming Rukh and his beautiful wife Diane as well as on a trip to Africa's heart. In Dr. Rukh separates himself from the group, he finds an important feature "Radium X" to complete his medical radiation and goes often after having a meteorite himself. The third and last act is very clear and horrible, as it comes from the good killings of the killings and artistic instruments (bursting statues) and an amazing climax. Karloff shines in the dark and, assuring others that out of stealing his discovery and even his life, he hopes to remove them through his deadly touch. The publisher of "Invisible Ray" seems to be difficult, but the film is easy to follow and enjoyable. The story is very far but still encourages them and the Lambert Hillyer director offers some time to emphasize. Boris Karloff is very strange and is also Lugosi, although he deserved to have a little bit more screen time. Their events include the highlights of the film, with the funky pictures of the glowing Boris.
