Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi performed many films together, but in general (surprisingly enough) Karloff is usually the best person of both. The real deficit is "Black Cat" (1934) where Karloff plays the worst of the devil's worship, and Lugosi wants to take revenge on him by destroying his life. But more common is "Black Friday", where (whatever his purpose) Karloff tries to improve brain surgery while Lugosi is a pig pig. In "Raven" Lugosi is a surgeon, who explains Karloff to help his evil plans until Karloff finally has enough. Regularly it is all negative characters completely. In "Pastor Body", Karloff kills Lugosi, but Lugosi tries to accuse him. One way in which both are compassionate but deliberately for each other is this 1936 film, which I feel rarely had the acceptance of the other movies I mentioned. In that Dr. Karloff Janos Rukh is a hard scientific scientist who has delayed the "scientific scientific community" for his theory that the radium type of radium is Nigeria on the meteorite that came centuries ago. He eventually received financial assistance led by Sir Francis Stevens and his wife Lady Arabella Stevens (Walter Kingsford and Beulah Bondi), and has another scientist, Frenchman Felix Benet (Lugosi), Rukh Diane's wife (Frances Drake) and a friend and advocate Stevenes named Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton). Before the departure, Rukh warns with his mother (Violet Kemble Cooper) that she can seek wisdom that she should not and may end up in tragedy. He tries to evict this, but he is concerned about what he says, his scientific stand, and if he gets enough credit or not. What she gets is a catastrophe. He gets this substance, but is infected with a wonderful radioactivity. He sees that he is slowing down, and trying to touch people or animals die. In fact he has created a friendship or insight with Benet, who shows a kind of fight for radioactive for Rukh to use to deal with the risk. But there are two things that cannot fail here. Medication can only last for a certain amount of time, and must be replenished. And radioactivity has affected Rukh's brain. He is increasingly jealous of Diane and Ronald's (he suggested, unfortunately with Sir Francis and Lady Arabella), and also wondering that (due to pretending to be dead - the effects of radioactivity are like that) Benet and several others collect a bridge wonders which "Radium X" gives the person. Recently Rukh is on the destruction of the massacre that destroys a lot of lives, ends with his own. It is actually the film that took science to a degree. Mrs. Curie died recently from cancer received from working with Radium. Few were fully aware of the dangers of radioactivity in 1936, but some idea was coming from. The Rukh massacre causes newspapers to talk about "curses" on the trip. In fact, with the idea of ​​a "cursed" journey (in Africa) for a hidden treasure covered many centuries ago, sponsored by the name of the Master, we have entered the archeology not physics or geology (paging Howard Carter and Lord Carnaevon). On the other hand, Benet tries to solve the cause of death, and returns to the idea that was completely destroyed in 1888 in the UK. During the Whitechapel Criminals, Sir Charles Warren ordered a retinas of several dead victims to be photographed to see if the final image on retinas was Jack Ripper. He just changed the image of retinas of dead prostitutes. But the idea never dies. Jules Verne spent in his novel "The Brothers Kip" in 1899, and here Dr. Benet uses. Like this false science story, it gets a picture of Rukh on the plate, but Benet loses a plate to crash and gives us. The film is good for many reasons, most interesting for the change Karloff and Lugosi are not worried about each other. There is a type of bad oil in this story that does not exist from their other films. Other exhibitions are also good, especially Kemble Cooper. He recalls well as the awesome sister of Basil Rathbone (Jane Murdstone) in "David Copperfield". Here his last act is the only way to bring this problem to an end, and who can say no hurt than his goal.
