There is no doubt that during the past 30 years, Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi were sure of the best exhibitions in the most advanced films. After being the first "Universal" monster in the "seminar", "Dracula", Bela Lugosi was grateful for the extraordinary appreciation of her elegant style and her foreign inspiration (sadly, this last thing also made her type of stripes during 40 years). In this way, the performance of Boris Karloff in the "Frankenstein" of James Whale took him into someone to look for when someone wanted a good monster. Of course, it was common for these icons to complete sharing screens, and the merged movie was 1934 of "Black Cat". This form could be repeated on several films for a period of ten years, and the Lambert Hillyer's director of fear and false science, "The Invisible Ray", is one of those younger scholars who did in those years. "Invisible Ray", Dr. Janos Rukh (Boris Karloff) is a skilled scientist who has developed a device that can show the past events of our planet found in the light of the galaxy of Andromeda. While showing his innovation to colleagues, Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford), discover that thousands of years ago, meteor has fallen into what is now Nigeria. After this amazing discovery, Dr Rukh decides to join his colleagues on a journey to Africa, looking for a place to land a wonderful meteor. This trip will not be useful to Rukh, as during his journey to his wife Diane (Frances Drake) will love Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton), a professional farmer brought by Stevens to help them on their journey. However, Rukh will lose more than his wife on the journey, as he will be changed forever after being seen by an invisible ray of meteor. <br /> <br /> Written by John Colton (who previously made a script for "Werewolf of London"), "Invisible Ray" was the root of the original sci-fi story and Howard Higgin and Douglas Hodges. Given that this was a film by Karloff and Lugosi, Colton places a lot of emphasis on the scared of his story, playing in a very effective way with an archetype scientist and increasing the magnitude of melodrama for top items. One feature that makes the "Invisible Ray" stand out among other horrible films of the time, is the way Colton has values ​​through stories. That is, not particularly heroes and criminals in the classic style, but people who make decisions and later face the consequences of the election. In many ways, "Invisible Ray" is a modern epidemic of deficit, guilt and revenge. The director of the movie B-B, the film's filmmaker Lambert Hillyer got the opportunity to make a 3 film for Universal Images when the storyteller faces a serious financial crisis. Thanks to his experience of working with small resources, Hillyer's films have been very good despite budget constraints, and "Invisible Ray" was not different. If it is not close to the gorgeous Gothic film of the previous Universal horror movie, Hillyer's movie takes the full essence of Colton's script, for it gives this dark and black movie more in the voice and novels of leaves than with sci-fi directly . Finally, the word should be said about Hillyer's use of special effects: for very low budget films, it looks much better than that in many A-era films. <br /> <br /> As usual in the movie with Lugosi and Karloff, the presentations and these stories are of great quality. As the protagonist of the film, Boris Karloff is only perfect in his portrayal of a blind man and a dedicated to his work that fails to see the evil he offers. As a colleague, Dr Benet, Bela Luogis is just happy to watch, steal every area that is inside and show what the actor under the lie was. As the wife of Rukh, Frances Drake is very effective, in fact helping her character to be more than a girl in distress. However, two aspects of the film are the Kemble Cooper exhibition as Mama Rukh, and Beulah Bondi as Lady Arabella, as two vendors are doing at the time of their limited screens, and doing their unsafe work. Frank Lawton is also good in his role, but there is no surprising thing when compared to the rest of the cast. If a person condemns this movie under today's standards, it is very easy to dismiss it as other non-cheap science fiction and bad effects and improper fraud. However, that would be a mistake, if despite its small budget, it is very good for its time. On top of that, considering that the film was made when the nuclear age was about to start with radioactivity was still a new concept, it was thought about the risk of radioactivity is a horrible signature. One last thing to be shown is the fascinating approach of the script that deals with the relationship between the characters, particularly the friendship and competition that exists between Dr Rukh who has trouble with cold Dr Benet, since it allows positive events among two iconic actors. If it is not near the Gothic exhibition of "Frankenstein", nor is the prestige of "Black Cat", Lambert Hillyer's "The Invisible Ray" is definitely a small player among the Universal Pictures list. 'of awesome films. For one of the most interesting images of 30 fears, this amazing combination, fear and scientific lies is one gem down below which now provides a good dose of entertainment in honor of two wonderful actors of horror having: Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi. 8/10
