Karloff and Lugosi - Together again! This is one of the films that ordinary fans pass by and they do not value much. It's not just a horrible film like two old duo, Black Cat and Raven. But, he deserves two talents and is an enjoyable film when visiting. Invisible Ray was led by Lambert Hillyer, a director who actually did west, but surprisingly in the last days of the Universal celebration of Universal, he found himself persuading this and the last terrible film, Daughula's Binti. They are all crisp, clean-cut fantasies which are very light on the content of fear despite the amazing things. <br /> <br /> As Lugosi was a wild in Raven, much has to be said of the Karloff hammer at The Invisible Ray. One of the most unpopular stories is Karloff, Rukh, is doing very badly before poisoning with Radium X, that there are no many changes when he starts burning. This is similar to people of complaints about Jack Nicholson in Shining - He is basically the right loony from the beginning. No real change. Here too. Half of the way through Karloff has only a purpose of revenge in his mind. I still enjoyed its performance, though, as well as I did Antics on top of Raven. At the same time, Lugosi is quite surprised at you and gives you a barrier, and is considered a rukh rival in science, Dr Benet. Lugosi also has some of the best films in the film, including a memorable warning of the police trying to capture Rukh, which is similar to the scary film John Soister on - "And if he (Rukh) touches anyone?" The inspector asks. Lugosi responds by responding, through which Lugosi can only give, "They die". As Lugosi may be far away, he could also be more perfect than any actor. This is one of that. Therefore, Karloff and Lugosi's cooperation are all very good when we get an antics of Karloff's madness emerging against Lugosi's logic. Karloff would continue to play as scientists often, however, one wants Lugosi to play more roles like this. He had only one chance (Ninotchka). <br /> <br /> Invisible Ray is an enjoyable film, and treat the truth for true Karloff and Lugosi fans. It is one of the films that improve every look, not because it is a jewel, but because of the charisma and talent of its stars and how this story produces a black, more frightening pair. Specific effects, and innovations John Fulton, are both powerful and suitable participants are all sufficient. Frances Drake seems to be as good as he did in Mad Love and has a strong woman, a few things that appear in the classic classic films. The last event when Karloff is cracking and does not shout during the film show. Extreme, fun movies!
