After borrowing this movie from a local library a few weeks ago and intended to see it earlier or a few days after the Day of Memory, I finally saw Sayonara this morning. In this one Marlon Brando has Lloyd's Chief Agent "Ace", the son of the Great who has been raised in some way, transferred from Korea to Japan where his girlfriend Eileen Webster (Patricia Owens) occurs easily. Before leaving, she tries to convince one of her men, Joe Kelly (Red Buttons), outside of marrying a Japanese woman Katsumi (Miyoshi Umeki) because it is a violation of military freedom laws. With his love and Eileen out, however, Ace is not only the best person at Joe and Katsumi's wedding, he falls to Asia himself after he and Captain Mike Bailey (James Garner) go out of town and look at the artist Hana-ogi's head (Discovery Ticks) on stage. Bailey himself plays with players, Fumiko-San (Reiko Kuba). Eileen himself seems to have a concept for one of Kabuki, Nakamura (Ricardo Montalban) artists. I will stand there and say that this was a compelling drum on discrimination on American-Asian relations of romance which was very touching from the beginning to the end. Even seeing Hispanic Montalban playing East is not too embarrassing (though it is a good thing its part is short). And there is a good touch of humor like the head of Brando hitting on the door of Button and Umeki more than once. Red and Miyoshi themselves deserve their Oscars especially Red and its pride and pride. Rookie Garner, before he was healed in his role of the story on the "Marverick" of TV, is good at its events with Brando and Discovery Discovery shows a major barrier in its first character as an anti-US. While I read there was another change from James Michener's novel, I can't think Josha Logan's director, who had taken another job of Michener on Broadway music "Southern Pacific" and finally doing it on the film too, not staying true for the original source. In fact he gave inspiration and the last events that led to the heartbreak of the heart in the film emerging. Some of the production numbers can make the movie continue for a while but otherwise, Sayonara was a good educational experience on '50s mores that spread to America and Japan at that time.
