James Michener's books to take readers to places far away from the sound of strange voices were perhaps in their most popular in the 1940s and 1950s. The South Pacific was directed by Joshua Logan and was commonly performing the success of Michener's success, Sayonara. It was ten years before these American movies during World War II did not show the Japanese for mercy. I am sure it was not easy for people who fought the Pacific wars to change the view one night. That is the general policy of mobilization and people involved in general are in the crux of this story about social romance. Sayonara is a suitable movie today. The Army has always emerged in the private life of its employees in ways that no citizen of the citizen can outlaw. In America when Sayonara was made there are still rules for conversion in books in many states. Today gay in the army is a big issue. One can do one day Sayonara as a film on the issue. Joshua Logan was on common ground. The South Pacific also had racism as part of its plot. With a sure hand, Logan collected beautiful stories and crafts beautiful stories. Marlon Brando, Patricia Owens, James Garner, Kent Smith some witches are doing a good job. But the picture has been stolen by the leaders here. Miko Taka marks the beauty as a passion for Brando's love. But the real stars are two that help Oscars Players, Red buttons and Miyoshi Umeki. The buttons are everyone who joined the member of the Air Force person. She falls in love with Katsumi played by Miyoshi Umeki. The brutal force is doing everything they can to break it. They are trying to find out what is best for Buttons and Umeki. Buttons were comedian TV and beautiful talent, but she never get a good place like this all her work. And Oscar Miyoshi Umeki was the first given east. It had great caution because during the Academy of Credit, Miyoshi had a star on Broadway at the Drum's Flower Song. I had the opportunity to see it on Broadway, it was the first Broadway show I saw. I still remember. That Oscar showed something else. Our war with Japan was very high and we saw a great nation with a culture of pride and culture. Ricardo Montalban plays Nakamura, actor Theater Kabuki. If Sayonara was done today, Logan will not leave. But Montalban is good. <br /> <br /> Beautiful photo of the photo and the main story. This film should be revived often with good values.
