From reading bad reviews and being told by friends that they didn't believe it was bad, I didn't go and see this film on the movie. After looking at the DVD, I must witness that now. I can't say it's brilliant, but I would say that it's a good movie. I enjoyed it. People have skull skull than the Ned hat if they are going to see a movie like this and expect to be a document. If you read the actual history behind many films according to historical statistics, there is a great difference between truth and false images. I don't think Gangis Kahn has ever been shown far away from historical facts. What kind of person Ned Kelly really was a matter of debate, and it seems to have a great interest. Despite government efforts and other historians, Ned Kelly has been a story. Legends are legends, and stories tell a lot about those who tell them and listen to them as they do about actual data. Ned Kelly has become a very popular identity because she represents that aspect of Australian culture that does not believe or accept authority. The community in which there is no resistance or challenge to the authorities is crazier and more dangerous than any forest. So I did not expect that this is the proper entertainment of the historic gang of Kelly, I actually found an amazing odd and enjoyable movie. It was emotional and romantic, but with gratitude not wherever you like cheesy as it would be; for my fellow Australians, see 'Lighthorseman' and you will see what I mean (it's compassionate how the story was treated so badly). Perhaps the business of love things would have been left in more detail in other areas, such as shooting fighters. Surprisingly, I enjoyed the movie for that reason, because it would be an explanation that over the direction of Ned's story will remain. And they are the details of the story which is better to discover by reading different views and different historians. This game will always have a difficult time, after making a compromise of appeal to the international movie market (paying medication) and a story as it means to Australians; perhaps a bit of Ned's spirit is in this film, because I think it is contrary to people's expectations, and unfortunately has lost all targets. Fortunately it was made to enjoy the enjoyment of the film. For me it was an unexpected kind of film about Ned, and that's why I liked it. The Orlando Bloom function did much for the movie too - added something. I think she would enjoy being a monster instead of a good elf, for a change. When you explore other movies that are worse than this, your views on this movie should be checked again. Send me this on DVD to Christmas instead of Croc Dundee or a River Man from Snowy River at any time.
