It should be several years after it was opened, so you don't know why it was on the movie. But if the child enjoyed it. I only got the VHS tape of Superman and Men's Mole in the fiber market and decided to look at it again (it has been many years). I didn't expect you so much, now I know how B movies were made at that time. But I was very surprised to find a very visible movie and act for all the best. The most common work in these kind of movies leaves a lot of want. Surprisingly, the writing was not bad. Forget the fact that Superman came out of the sequence to the sequence and could run all buttons at the beginning, because then the story would have been completed, right? Well, the men's clothes were hokey and not very frightening (he didn't fear me even as a child). However, providing allowances to the lowest possible budget history and clothing, it was a work done by all. I recognized the sheriff once as an Old Physician from Death's Death Day and a lot of support tasks in the west of the TV. J. Farrell MacDonald played an old picture and was always a good actor in many movies than I could count. Walter Reed and Jeff Corey were common faces and also from other movies. What? Did you recognize an old doctor as a ship captain to get to King Kong? What? Have you noticed a little girl stealing a ball for mole people like Lisbeth Searcy in Old Yeller? Some of the mole people were also popular. Jerry Maren has played for Mayor McCheese for McDonalds, Little Oscar Mayer, former Munchkin who gave Dorothy a cock, was part of the Seifeld and wealth of other work. Billy Curtis played an unacceptable part by Clint Eastwood in High Plains Drifter, was one of the friends met with the star in the Incredible Shrinking Man, had a part in the movie I just for luck found in the shade market name My Gal Sal and Rita Hayworth, Magician Oz and many other places - a good actress. John Brambury was also Munchkin. Phillis Coates, who played Lois Lane in this film, had an amazing question in that part by George Reeves as Superman / Clark Kent Superman. He did a great job of playing a powerful man. Below all I have said is that this film is worth watching for the cast and writing in dealing with a flimsy idea for the movie. But it was 50 years and everything was possible from the importers from outside space to the mole people from the inner space. It is important to see, there is no bad actor in the group. Anyone who has put together, was very lucky to find many gifted practitioners in B. B. Some already had wealth of experience and others were almost gaining wealth of experience - but they all had gifts. So if you get a chance to see the film, forget the dopey dress and just enjoy the excitement and act. What are the birds? What are the birds? No, just beautiful, old movie to enjoy!
