*** SPOILERS *** Both also, in real life and in movies, a known story that happens to many young people who are placed in a battlefield with guns, or guns, in their hands. Young and innocent cover, in keeping or guns at all, Jimmy Davis, Francot Tone, has returned thousands of times over the centuries when men, like Jimmy Davis, are forced to take up arms to their country. Jimmy, who for the first time wanted to run out of the US Army but was encouraged to stay, by mouth, and his best friend Fred P. Willis, Spencer Tracy, ended in front of France. With the Jimmy unit placed under the German gun, he automatically put it outside the commission to capture several German soldiers from half of the neighboring church. It was when Jimmy hit Germany's final army, who raised his hands to surrender, that the armed force was steep up in injury. Leave his wounds at Military Hospital Jimmy liked US Army Commander Rose Duffy, Gladys George. Rose was really a friend of Jimmy's happy cheerful friend Fred with his terrible antics towards him. When Fred was lost during the fighting on the West River that Rose, thinking that he was killed, fell in love and later married Jimmy. When Fred appeared in the French city where Jimmy, who had survived his wounds, was standing with a stick so hard for him and Rose who had already welcomed Jimmy's proposal of marriage! <br /> <br /> With WWI up and Jimmy marry Rose left Fred, who still loves him, a bitter and angry boy. It was close to the accident that Fred ran to Jimmy on the New York City streets and discovered a shock and surprise that he completely changed from a gentle and merciless man he knew before he was sent to war in Western West. Smug and self-assertion, with his ability to gun, Jimmy had been a top girl in New York City! Not just as Fred found later his wife Rose did not know what Jimmy was involved with Jimmy to tell him that he was working as a permanent law of permanent insurance. The full cycle when Rose, having received information about her secret life, took her out to the police to prevent her from implementing "Valentine's Day" as a massacre, and members of her group dressed as militant soldiers. During the Jimmy attempt came to his mind and admitted to his guilt to the music and then, after his three-year sentence is over, live his life together. SPOILER'S EXPERIENCE *** Hearing of rumors from fellow prisoners that Rose and his best friend Fred had something back behind him Jimmy left prison to finish the refugee from the law. It was on the circus of Fred, where he worked as a farmer and barker, that Jimmy saw that Rose and Fred were true to him that he, as his attempt, had a sudden change of heart. But the thought of returning to jail, and at least ten years again added to his sentence, was just too much for Jimmy! It was that Jimmy decided to finish all by letting the police who at the time recognized him to work, that he himself had no heart to do, for him!
