The sand between San Francisco and the Two Brave Officials of Spencer Tracy is a very curious film about the war and the effects that other people have. They gave Spencer Tracy guns and Toni Franchot in the only film they did with Gladys George as a favorite woman. Tracy and Tone are a couple of First World War, Tone is a weak character that almost passes over the hill in the boot camp, but Tracy stops him. Tracy is still playing a beautiful blow, a little kind of Wallace Beery that MGM has sought for her when they have signed from Fox. Over the front Tone gets an opportunity and takes time when the fight can go to the church tower that looks at the German military nest. He has learned to shoot now and does Sergeant York. But Alvin C. York has never been changed by the battle through the Tone. They were injured in fighting the collision in the hospital with Gladys George looking for him. Tracy goes to AWOL himself to visit his pal and he and George get something going on. Later when Tracy says it is not in action, Tone and George are married. Tracy's broken heart when it comes to learning about marriage, but it takes a fast stay. Some of this film is dealing with Tone using the war skills that has learned the gangster business. He is a man of collision now and George does not know what he is doing for survival. I think you can think of rest. <br /> <br /> The film part that has given me trouble is that I can't believe Gladys George could not see it. She is a beautiful girl on the road, her part is the same as she played in The Thirty Roaring as opposed to James Cagney. Speaking about The Roaring 20 years, the development of Humphrey Bogart's character is similar to the Tone though he was not the main character of the movie. In fact there are things they gave to Guns which are available in Driver Driver and in the classic of Clint Eastwood, The Unforgiven. The World War of World War is well placed by Woody Van Dyke's director. For some reason Leonard Maltin made this film, I think it's better than the credit provider.
