I was looking at this in HBO or Showtime or Cinemax during the mid-90's summer period when my parents registered in such ways. I saw it several times in different places and always got dark, wonderful and amazing. I was young, in my young age; and now many years after discovering massive Arliss Howard and being beaten by "Love Mbaya Mbaya" I bought a "Wilder Napalm" DVD and I look back with my partner for the first time for many years. I really liked it! I was very impressed and affected by it. There are many problems with water and maneuvers within the camera and cinema movement; all that gel perfectly and intelligent, intense and quick chemistry between three leads, their stories, music and all other actors as well. It's actually "Cinematic". I love the subtle power of Arliss Howard, the ambivalent force and the mysterious mind, I am a great fan of whatever he does; and its partnership with Debra Winger manic glee (they're actually married) has really a charming reality that goes behind the camera. (I wonder if they are looking at this about the wedding celebration? ....... "... bad love" should be a second barrier to anyone who has not seen, is brilliant.) And, Dennis Quaid in full text of clown, sneakily brought , angled, hidden and displayed to shoot shooting with full bearing delivery is a kind of fresh black movie magic you don't see very often. Quaid has always been a bad quality for him for me anyways, and that great breakfast aside, hiding behind his diving eyes lying waiting for itself as a bad damage or diabetes uirdness (here as two). Both Howard and Quaid have the insane fire behind the eyes to pull off their amazing gunslinger squares in a cool climate. In fact the whole film has the cool energy of the dark and hip power. It is truly a wonderful film, integrated with the mind, imagination, agility and chemistry and all parties involved. I really can't think of how this has been sponsored, and it seems to be too expensive for me, for a normal, thought-down system, but I appreciate God's films like this through the system every time. In a good way, with all its dark green days, hip skills, real humorous humor and an amazing chemistry reminds me of one of my favorite films all the time: "Grosse Pointe Blank" ...... .now that's thanks in my book!
