In the length of the 'Holy Big Brother' line in 2007 (involves Shilpa Shetty and late Jade Goody), I judged on the web site 'C.B.B.' The fans who praised the show, after years of bashing 'racist' '70 sitcoms like 'Curry & Chips' and 'Love your neighbor'. I thought they were hypocrites, and so he said. 'Not Half of Mother's Mom' was healed in the argument, and the others showed that she had a lost English actress. Well, but Michael Bates had lived in India as a young man, and spoke Urdu well. Defenders of the show do not know the realities that he brought to his performance as a 'Color Ram' operator. The author of the Indian character, Renu Setna, said in the document 'Perry & Croft' of 1995: "Sitcoms" which he was angry when he heard Bates got that chance, but he added: "There is no Indian actor who could have the same role as Bates." . Certainly <br /> <br /> 'Mama' was a show of Perry and Croft's 'Father of the Father'; also set up during the war, the English town of the Walmington-On-Sea had been transformed by the hot, rain forest of India, especially the place called Deolali, where the army of the army is performing exhibitions for soldiers, among them Bombadier Solomons George Layton, The first responsibility of the sitcom since the 'Doctor Doctor', Gunner 'Gloria' Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), Gunner 'Loft' 'Sugden, Lah de-dah' Gunner Graham (John Clegg), and Gunner Parkins (late Christopher Mitchell) . Leadership on this misfits group was Sergeant-Major Williams (very powerful Windsor Davies), who saw them as 'buttons'. His frustration for being unable to lead his people on the jungle to involve the enemy in fighting and provoking him to be bitter and unjust (though he was good with Parkins, who thought he was his legal child!). Then there was a former English Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and a Dimwitted Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles). The color was like a clever wisdom, starting from each show by talking to the camera and closing them to quote an unusual proverb of Hindu. He wanted to be a very professional runner to see himself as an act of Britain. His friends were making the tea of ​​Char Wallah (late Dino Shafeek, who continued 'Mind Your Language') and a string using Punka Wallah (Babar Bhatti). So the real Indians were shown in the show - another action detracctors his ignore. Shafeek also provided what was described in credit as 'sound-sounding' (similar to '40 songs used as a common music on 'Father's Army'). Any version is closed with the 'Country of Hope' and 'Glory' only was silenced by 'Shut Up!' from Williams. The best opening theme was written by Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner. Even though it was never the same as the 'Father of the Father' in the public interest, 'Mama' however was popular enough for a period of eight seasons. In 1975, Davies and Estelle set the chart for the cover of the old 'Whispering Grass' cover. They wrote the entire album of old chestnuts, with the title (what else?) 'The Lion at the Beach!' <br /> <br /> The view of the crisis hit three years later when Bates died of cancer. Instead of reducing the position of 'Paint', writers allow him to forget the silence. When George Layton left, the behavior of 'Gloria' began its position as 'Bombadier', giving another source of comedy. The last edition in 1981 saw the soldiers leaving India for a Brighty, Char Wallah looking at them with great sadness (as they saw viewers) The British Gold) all because of the characteristics called 'dodgy'. This is wonderful. For one thing, the show does not apply mainly to racism. If a white-black man is bad, why does the 1984 David Lean 'Passage to India' film still show on television? (showed Alec Guinness as Indian, and won two Oscars!). Based on the experience of Jimmy Perry himself. Other characters were based on real people (Sergeant-Major actually called his men as 'gems'). I take a view that if you are going to put a history on television, do it. Cleansing the old, no matter how difficult it can be seen by modern viewers, it is quietly. 'Mama' was good and true, and the audience saw this. Thank you heaven for D.V.D.'s say. Time to stop this review. As Williams would say: "I will not have confusion in this jungle!"
