This warring sitcom by Jimmy Perry and David Croft, who wrote a good television program at any time of the Sister Army, was not the same as the Sisters, but it is still very strange. It is about the concert band in India. Many things were about BSM Williams (Windsor Davies) trying to get a festival party, whom he named as a shock group, laid on the jungle. He was not successful when Colonel Reynolds misunderstood (Donald Hewlett) and Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles) were fans of the party's party. Bungedier Solomans (George Layton), Ginger Rogers player, Gunner "Gloria" Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), piano trained at the University of Gunner "La de da" Gunner Graham, who came to Padarouski (John Clegg), singer Gunner "Great" Sugden, Gunner Parkins (Christopher Mitchell) (Williams thought Parkins was his son, was not quite wrong), the Gunner "Nosher" chief of Evans and animal actors (Kenneth MacDonald), was not Percy Edwards. Also, very involved in the adventures was the Indian Servant of Faith Ram (Michael Bates), and Char-Wallah and Punkah-Wallah (Dino Shafeek and Babar Bhatti) give Ram great support. The Exhibition, such as the Sister Army left most of the catchphrases. Ram Ram told Punkah Wallah his "Do not have a dickie cunning" and finished a lot of performances saying "Here is an old Hindu old model. When the wife has a relationship with the best friend, she does not leave your house from catching fire" It was Williams though she had The most catchphrases. He always says "Shuddup !!!!!", he said "Oh dear, how sad, you don't mind" and when talking to Gunner Graham, he will be speaking in a romantic voice to this priority. <br /> <br /> This show is not happy to be recognized as Sister Army did. Maybe because of a hint of taste: This seems to be bad. Williams protects his people "Puffs", although it must be said Williams is bearing. Also, some people think there is a feature of color in humor, using the fact that Michael Bates was flown to play Ram Ram (Bates was actually born in India though and spoke Urdu before speaking English), so the BBC will feel hard to put it, even though The vast majority of people who actually saw the show could agree that the show is not color, I know someone who is half of Indian, and they were not a little bit and agreed as I did it was a very strange show. When I see a part for the first time, I laugh more maybe than me for any other sitcom, but when I see a second round, don't laugh at all, but no matter how many times I see Dads Army, I laugh many times in the period. <br /> <br /> Best time: Banu Road, 1st series, section 7
