7 if you are a child-6 if you claim to be an adult. This way of the King of Lion seems to beat Timone and Pumba characters, referring to the original story through their eyes, including the story of how they met. In the great culture of Disney, poor sequels are made, and consistently the TV series comprises the adventures of small characters from their great hits. You may be as worried as you want about this, but children and fans of the series will not handle; they are enough jokes and songs and interesting things to ensure that this is one of the few on the average array. This works because of the charm of medium-loved characters, fast speed, in-jokes involving the first film, and for older viewers there are some funny gags. Animation is as good as ever, if it's smaller than the original, but the plot here is about taking easy, No Matata. Timone and Pumba decide to watch the first film events, constantly leaving the film in the middle of the joke on its parts, like real viewers. We see how Timone is lost, he feels uncomfortable and decides to look beyond what he sees to get his beautiful home. On the way he meets Pumba, another person is beaten and they become friends. Recently they meet with Lion, cub of Lion, a native T and P, but form a trio. However, when Simba knows he must follow his own destiny and leave the group, it is for others to decide whether to help or not, and how. Of course Disney's common features and themes are here, friendship, good and bad etc.. The plot is simple but it works at many levels, making it more beautiful than your average animation movie. If CG movies appear, the traditional form of Disney must be neat, but don't forget the roots that made them popular. The Story of the Eye and all the things that have come up since then have been clever, and joke according to all ages, and this seems to be the way the market turns. However, there will always be a place of film like this, and you can't go wrong to buy this for young people. About 7 out of 10
