Lion King 1 1/2 is very good and addictive sequel. Do not expect the production standards for the release of the exhibition, but you expect the direct quality of the video release. <br /> <br /> Established as Timon & Pumba to start watching the Lion King original in the dark theater and switch to regular tracks and start writing their own stories. This has been done by a constant disruption. For example, during a certain period of house-to-house housing and Pumba's discerning house knows that she is sitting aside. These short movie channels, and if you find entertainment or are not dependent on your sense of humor. If you are suffering from movies that deliberately remind you the viewer is watching the film, than this can not be your cup of tea. <br /> <br /> Animation is best that they have invested on the Disney DTV line, and is integrated almost seamlessly with original material. The new, independent tool uses a lot of artistic style. The sound of all sounds has been done well, although I couldn't imagine Marge Simpson every time I heard Julie Kavner. Most of the jokes in the film will be well known by the viewers as published again on generations, but are provided with the best quirks of good old friends than annoyingly repeating. The music has made me realize how much I enjoyed and miss good music integrated with the Disney feature. The opening of the toe-tapping of 'Dig Dig Tunnel' is a choreographed and hilarious. Timon and Pumba take the sequence of the King of the Lion and its establishment of paradise also. The only problem was 'Dig Tun Tunnel' at the end of the film, changing his voice and sounding from the failures. The story of the story is very good, and the new co-operation of the plot has been carried out almost entirely, although the end of the time when the hyena dismissed reflect the story of little loyalty. A new story does not seem to deal with a sacharine or emotional time of payment, and does well when you come to full comedy. Overall, you should buy. If you would like all the bonus features that come with a 2-disc set, then go to that. For the pincher of a penny who still intends to invest on a fine flick, wait until it decreases four or more dollars and goes to hire immediately. Damion Crowley.
