Being a fan of the first Lion king, I was eager to watch this film, but I knew there was no way that could be as good as the original. I know that many Disney fans are wondering with direct movies and videos, as I am confused with them. When looking at The King King 1½, I tried to think of what my own views were about this film. Will I be very faithful about the King of the Lion that will make nitpick on certain events, or just go to accept this movie as just another look at the story of the King Lion? Often, I found myself embracing this end. The Lion King 1½ definitely has a wonderful and wonderful time. Timon and Pumbaa stole the show in the first movie and certainly deserved a movie that is thoughtful. People just love these characters! My favorite movie clips include the montage of Timon & Pumbaa to keep the young Lion and the end of the surprise of many creation. I could do without many jokes of the bathroom though, as the real reason everyone bowed down to the baby Lion at the beginning of the Lion King 1. I think these jokes are for a small set (which after all is The target audience. I don't think so many kids are very worried about the Disney's ban on direct movies-to-video videos. from the original movie on this movie. I am very familiar with the fact that these events have come out as my ulcers. Something that would be different from music or sounds that would be despicable. As for music, it wasn't very bad, but don't expect any scholars from this film. At least LK2 had a good ballad, "Love You Will Find the Way." For voice sounds, it had done well in this film. Nathan Lane and Ernie Sabella did a good job as always, and even new members formed, former comedyic actor Jerry Stiller and Julie Kavner (also known as Marge Simpson), did a good job as well. You can even enjoy these sound ringtones even more by checking out the Virtual Journey on Disc 2's DVD. This feature is very definitely fun! So all in all, The King King 1½ is not a perfect movie, but it's beautiful and entertaining. I think many fans of King King will enjoy and appreciate why it is - look for pleasure, with a good heart hub of the King King from our view of wonderful friends. My rating of IMD: 7/10. Yahoo! Bridge: B (Good)
