Shining is a wonderful example of coping with this situation: it has a very little novel of the source, written by Stephen King, but it remembers very much as one of the best performances of the works of the master's fear. This is due to two reasons: Stanley Kubrick's positive attitude and cool statement of Jack Nicholson. Nicholson plays with Jack Torrance, a writer who admits to keep the Overlook Hotel in Canada during the winter, not affected by the brutal stories surrounding the place: he says good, the only place is what he needs to finish his new book. Therefore, Overlook becomes a new home for Torrance family: Jack, Wendy's wife (Shelley Duvall) and their five-year-old Danny (Danny Lloyd). A boy with some feeling from the beginning to be something wrong: he was told by the cook, Dick O 'Hallorann (Scatman Crothers) that has been given an amazing sense of intelligence, Shining Shining, which allows people like him and Dick to see radiation from the past and future, between other things. Because of this "gift", the forces that reside at the hotel are immediately attracted to Danny, even though they have the ability to resist them. That is not the case of Jack, however, for it gets more affinity on the will of his wife and seeking comfort in the company of what can be best described as ghosts, resulting in stimulation to the intimacy and fear which is very difficult to break. <br /> Shining work as a horrible movie because Kubrick, though he has never worked on this kind of film before, knew exactly what was effective and what was not, so it is a great view on the state of psychology and psychology rather than a shortage blood and creativity. . The king accused the director of changing many stories, giving away the Jack / Danny panel (just engaged in the film) that led to the emotional sensation, and when his legitimacy was denied, the rebellion was important: the novel was done by liberation, although in a non- The most common, and liberation is the Kubrick theme, one of the many analysts of human destruction, did not have a soft spot. What he likes is intellectual, and ultimately physically, unequal and intimidating, and puts the creepy sound even thanks to a very cool technique and the use of steadicam shooting experts (meet Danny and two spiritual twins to be a better example) . Another shocking King who raised him was on administrators, especially Nicholson: in the opinion of the author, his trademark mark at the beginning of the film seemed to show Jack already was insane, and thus undermined all others. The story. Now, it is true that Nicholson seems to have a little feeling from the beginning, but it is also true that Martin Sheen (the best choice of the king for the role) probably could not give such a horrible performance as Nicholson: from now he begins to talk through more prohibition than before dying "Here is Johnny!" The event, it is impossible to play another actor playing in the game, and although the TV show of lighting since 1997 is not bad Torrance character is easily connected to One Flew on Cuckoo's Nest star. For Duvall and Lloyd, both add great support, this end deserves a place with Harvey Stephens (The Omen's Damien) and Haley Joel Osment as the great icons of children's movies. One can complain about Duvall being completely different from a book partner (blonde and good) and have something else to do but scream and run, but two things should be considered: a) back to 1980 "the head of the head" was not 't one still; b) rarely there is any actor who appears to be afraid of cameras, making a distinction of secondary movie compared to the real fear that comes with Wendy's eyes. Irvine Welsh, author of Trainspotting, once said there is not like a completely honest change of any literary work (and should know, thanks to freedom Danny Boyle took when his junkie skills were brought to the screen) but that doesn't mean the movie is very bad. Shining confirms it in full: very little from the novel, approximately 5%, included in the film, but in the hand of Kubrick and Nicabilson this masterclass in the free translation of the film becomes one of the most beautiful pictures, of original original origin, which actually says something that is given the present form of the poor.
