Sometimes, this takes The Thing as my favorite horror film. While the disability film is more flicking and more entertaining, Kubrick is more artistic, it creates more ideas, and may be more serious. It is one of the few films that I can look back on for their mistakes and really love it. Don't I try to compare it with the book? which I just read once, several years ago, and who was afraid to die? because the two do not have much the same, rather than the story and the clear characters. It's almost like Kubrick was a bank on the love of the novel to make his film more afraid. And in this way, it is certainly one of the most interesting of the book that has been made, along with one of the great films. What makes the film so awesome is not the risk of flying, not blood and gore, not the frequent ghosts occurring. It is the destruction of Jack Torrence. Some people have complained about the casting of Nicholson in this role, saying that it is very clear that he will go mad in the film, with his former responsibilities and his appearance. I refuse. Do we know he will go crazy? for most of us have read the book? and the appearance of Jack focuses on this concept. But this is what he does at the beginning that makes us afraid. He is quiet, quiet, patient. He deals with brief discussions with hotel managers and even with his own family. And with the wife and husband as angry as her, it's a little wonder that she can do it. But once she gets Overlook, it changes. He becomes angry, angry, to the edge. The area that is sad every time is when Wendy will stop him from writing, and he has completely lost it, telling him "he allowed f *** alone". This is the first f of a bomb dropped in the film, and is a shock to the system. From above, all bets are turned off. Another thing I like is the many translations available on the film. We are not sure whether what we see is happening. Many critics have noted that whenever Jack speaks to the spirit, there is a current mirror, showing that he can also talk to himself. But what about other characters? Wendy never sees anything until the peak of the film, until he gets a tour of the majority of the hotel, but knows that something wrong, when Danny is connecting to the place almost immediately. His mental powers is not a matter? how would Hallorann know coming to the hotel? ?? but does he ever see any of the ghosts that his parents witness? It is easy to claim that Jack only loses, beaten in the hotel with his family, and Wendy later does well? see your husband trying to kill you with copper will he do it? but what is Danny? It seems that his body is being taken by Tony, but how do we really know? None of these characters are reliable witnesses. Hallorann would probably be, and warns of the dangers in 237, but he was killed just when he came into the Overlook (awesome Kubrick comes to play on the fans 'fans' novel). And that last shot. Does there ever be more movies than movies? Has Jack been there before? Or was his body 'found' a hotel? When talking about acting in this film, any discussion begins and ends with Jack Nicholson. Shelley Duvall gives one of the most annoying presentations in movie history? probably for the purpose, giving the character of Jack more of the decline? and Danny Lloyd is not the best, but Jack is strong. The way of part, the improvisation part, he simultaneously frightening and appealing. For better or worse, he is the character we tell and, not the angry child or the wife who is opposed. We all want to have a hotel for ourselves in the season, so we can do whatever we want. Who cares if it's haunted? Of course, technical factors are serious. For a long time Kubrick takes, amazing horns, and amazing pictures contribute to fear. Use of colors, mirrors, long roads, and every other motif increases this. And don't have to start on that score. I don't know if the film would be half the fearless without being haunting, electronic tune. His attention fully shows the hotel, emotions, and film itself. I know the King does not like this film, but the King's input on the movie is not something to brag about. As the great author of the novel can be, his performances are awesome, and his attempt to lead is better left unnoticed. This is not a guide to a faithful book, but it does not need to be, and is not really good. Part of the film's fear is that the viewer has no book to fall again; there is no source of guarantee. Kubrick beautifully transforms stories to frighten the audience even more. If so, this is one of the most creative films in any kind. And it has everything about it.
