Brightness begins with Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) driving on a special hotel called 'Overlook' located on Colorado mountains for an interview with Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson) about being a guardian of Winter. Ullman tells Jack that he will be responsible for the upkeep base of the hotel but it will be almost entirely alone from all over the world for six months as a cold winter set. With his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) & young Danny (Danny Lloyd) Jack goes into the hotel and for the first time everything looks good, it's a nice hotel, quite big and whatever they need is theirs. However, the Overlook hotel has a preliminary history and a former caregiver killed all his family before suicide & Danny has the ability to 'shine' means that he has mental powers that enable them to see and hear people 'usually' can't. As a day, weeks and months begin to adopt Jack to be more insane and more, Danny continues to 'see' things with people when Wendy becomes worried if they don't have a clue happening to his family, as a great snowy season leaves Jack finally losing ... /> <br /> This English production was written, collaborative and co-led by Stanley Kubrick & is a good film. It seems that Shining is another film in two different versions and the one I will tell about is a short cut in Europe which runs less than 2 hours in length. Kubrick and Diane Johnson's document, based on the novel by Stephen King which I have not read so that I can not compare them, may be a psychological fear rather than seeing and killing one during the entire film. There is a very small character in Shining and Jack, Wendy & Danny alone that means, because the film focuses on them only you care about them, you are involved with them and what they use. These speeds are slow but this is a single film that has not been long-lasting and keeps you interested everywhere. On the side you don't think why Jack going crazy and wanting to kill his family was strong by convincing me, the fact that Jack is rescuing from the fridge without any bugs describing me & I don't know if I missed something but the end didn't make any sense to me, I'm still trying to do The work of the picture! There is very little in the way of violence or gore, two ghosts around the zombie and someone is killed by copper but Shining is a horrible film that does not need to rely on blood and special effects if it has an interesting story. With a budget of $ 19,000,000 Shining is a useless technology as you would expect from a very advanced film manufacturer like Kubrick, the movie is a brilliant and some fantastic-flowing shots and soft shoadicam as the camera tracks perfectly the behavior around the road network, The sets are quite visible and instead of the old clichéd theme of the haunted house as dark corners, basements & cobwebs Kubrick brings the elements of surgery and bright light spots, large open spaces to expand and modern decoration (modern modern 80, see only that the red toilet out!). Acting is good from everyone involved though as usual in the scary movie a little child is very angry & Nicholson seems to be mad from the beginning. Shining is a fascinating film that I enjoyed watching though I don't know I will look at it anytime soon. For those who are looking for an explosion and special effects of the concept of disappointment, for those who are looking for a beautiful haunted house and a powerful story I certainly think Shining is for you, and the value of an hour in my opinion of humility.
