* !! - SPOILERS - !! * Before this start, I would like to say that I have had the advantage of seeing this film on the big screen and to see the "Power of the" version of this movie, made by Stephen King, himself, in 1997. Both benefits have made me suggest this version of the "Light," more. Also, I would like to say that I have read the King's book, "Shining" many times over the years, and when I love the book and it's a great fan of his work, Stanley Kubrick's story of this story is compelling more ... and SCARY. <br /> <br /> Kubrick really knows how to convey the fear of psyche directly to the film. In the direction of the movie With the writing of the screenplay, itself, was given the name "Magus" more than a question. Kubrick's talent is like magic. The world of film lost the chief director when he died in 1999. Among his other outstanding features are: Eyes Wide Shut, 1999; Full Jacket Jacket, 1987; Barry Lyndon, 1975; Clockwork Orange, 1971; 2001: Space Odyssey, 1968; Spartacus, 1960 and many more. <br /> <br /> Torrences (Jack, Wendy his wife and Danny, their son) live in Hotel Overlook for winter; Jack is employed as a guardian. It is his job to manage a hotel hotel over several months of hard snow, until daylight when Overlook opens its doors. It seems there are many rich and jaded tourists who will come to the Colorado Mountains for the summer getaway of snow. <br /> <br /> The hotel was an amazing piece of architecture and staging. It paid the sky, for it was dark, but at the same time "invite" the sky, itself. The furnishings and furniture were a period (in the late 70s - 80 years), and the surrounding landscape of a hotel close to the opening area is brilliant. Not only lets you enjoy the way of Overlook, it also intends in your mind how to be relocated to isolation Hotel is from others in the world. The introduction of Wendy and Danny characters was a stroke of genius. You get the whole story of the old, Danny's "thinking friend," Tony, and the story of all of Jack's drunkness that came into this beautiful, beautiful place. There was no need to spread the old history out of two hours of the movie; obviously, Kubrick saw that from the beginning. <br /> <br /> Closing day. Again, driving the mountains to the Hotel (this time, with the family for tow), the partnership between Jack and Danny was also a monopoly while also changing a major change. The first trip through Checking is a breathing thing, even if the "crew" is moving to things, they have the opportunity to see the fireplace, the top items of the big church and expensive equipment, sores and structures. crown in architecture. "They did a good job! Pink and gold are my favorite colors." (Wendy Torrence) Even the "team of employees" is well designed and beautifully built. <br /> <br /> Maze was a good touch, reminding the Labyrinth of which Minotaur of Crete was the Guardian. When Jack Nicholson stands in the visible example of the maze and looking in the middle, seeing Wendy and Danny come in, it's time for magic; one that tells you once, there is a strong force in the house; there is something very wrong, already starting. "I don't want to go inside unless I was at least getting my way." (Hotel Manager) <br /> <br /> Scatman Cruthers, like Dick Halloran, was real and clear in its performance. Its smiles was natural and its performance was amazing. You can actually believe you were at the hotel, going to the kitchen with Wendy and "Doc." His description of "shine" for Danny was very good to be released, as was his conversation with the child about Tony and Hotel. It was reliable and sincere. Testing and fear of the hotel itself, along with the backsliding mountains, the cold air circulating on, the mist from the hot hotel of the snow hotel, adds so great to the atmosphere of the movie. Also mark the "half-way-to-hell" point, so to speak; The turning point in the film. Shelley Duvall's show of Wendy Torrence was good. (Why, if he also played Olive Oyl?! It shows only his beautiful differences!) In fact, before seeing the film on the big screen in 1980, I said, "Olive Oyl? * Lol * (Papa also was released in 1980.) But I took it back when the movie started. With Fiend's view, this is its best performance, so far! (Although I love it in Steve Martin "Roxanne," 1987.) <Once Kubrick has set up bits of information that you, the viewer, need to have his legacy: the former Torrence, the broken arm of Danny, Tony; the history of the hotel itself, the fact that Danny is not "mind," but rather clairvoyant instead, and the overall arrangement of the Hotel, all of which you find in the opening of the 3, the movie has not stopped to find you. <br /> <br /> Two girls who died in the past, Delbert Grady (girls have been seen several times for Danny, first through Tony in the apartment before the family left for h otel) were the icons that Danny he could recognize, and which was n a fear, at the same time. They were hateful (and haunted), themselves and showed Danny how they were killed and where, in good and physical ways. Tony Kubrick was written as a servant spirit, as a spirit guide that was given as a result of his hand almost losing his body to his own father. He was ... "The little boy who lives in my mouth." He showed it at the end of Danny's finger and spoke physically through Danny to talk to Danny. Not like that book, I realize, where Tony was interested in Stephen King to be a Danny estimate as an old man, trying to save his father. Kubrick came out a little bit and somehow made it so scared when Tony "took ... Danny ... more." The idea of ​​the old Danny man emerging for his younger is not ... scary. "Woman in Shower area", held by Lia Beldan (who can not get another qualification for having done anything before, or since) as a young woman by Billie Gibson (who also seems to be faced with a lack of credit for work before or since, was seductively obnoxious and absolutely disgusting. It was amazing, and awesome. Hate and awesome. When Nicholson looked at the mirror and saw him breaking the body under his arms; looking for a terrific panic on his face was perfect and true. <br /> <br /> Jack quickly enters his journey from "shouting" to a reliable insane person. The degradation of the mental state of his behavior is carefully and carefully recorded by Kubrick. A close friendship with Jack and Lloyd Bartender (such as alcoholism, would be mentally ill and drug addicts) demonstrates his need for atmospheric force where Lloyd uses; ie, alcohol ... "The hair of the dogs that pull me." (Jack Torrence) In the case of Jack, it's bourbon on rocks, free of charge for Jack. "Command from home." (Lloyd the Bartender) Good play for words. <br /> <br /> When Wendy get the "screenplay" of Jack is nothing more than the page after the page's page was published regularly, though in 8 or 9 different creative styles. .. when he asks from the shadows, "How do you like?" and Wendy whirls and shouting and baseball in his hand ... it's so poignant. It's something that knows how he caused the whole situation is ... how he lost Jack is. It's very awesome, wonderful and offers great presence. That with Danny's vision to convince the hotel to fill the blood, laid out on the area between Jack and Wendy, and with the final fight for this area, make this possible a more severe area of ​​the film. <br /> <br /> "REDRUM" area. Wow. What am I saying? What mother can't be completely free and wake up to get their little baby, worried standing on them with a big knife, speaking in a small voice, saying "REDRUM" regularly? Even if he didn't mean, it would still be scary as the 7th level of HELL. It was something that everyone can (and have) remember (ed). Speaking of the most memorable events ... <br ol ol ol ol The ad-libbed line, "Johnny Heeeeere!" was a stroke of beauty and is one of the most memorable events in the history of fear. It also goes down in the history of awesome movies. <br /> <br /> At the end. The Kubrick finish was perfect. I felt that it was perfect for beauty. No smarm, no delightful, no idiotic tears that live for this movie. Only perfectness came out. That's all I will say about the last issue. Who cares about what has been provided? See what Kubrick put IN. Buy it, see, STOP IT. It's a classic in a kind of fear, and for good reason. RAWKS IT! I was I * ... Take this film, and the ticket on your Stephen King's collection, and remove the "Authorized" version of 1997 held by King Kiddie section. That's where. : The film's standard is 9.98 from Fiend:.
