Sometimes it takes a master to make movies like Kubrick to bring something extra, a unique, unsurpassed and non-modern, which transforms a great film or a great script on a masterpiece, one for years. It is not just that Stephen King's story has enough meat and potatoes that make it even harder for even the most directors to lose. Heck, even the King himself was not very dangerous. It's how Kubrick recognizes the King's world, how he changes the page for the screen time, which translates the SHINGA to a feel of masterpiece and masterpassing masterpiece. <br /> <br /> Kubrick miss-en-scene is, as usual, severe. The film continues to be very fast, tough, and interesting, even though it is not suitable and not very modified and it spends an hour less than 160 minutes. attempts to track the line revealed in a pleasant interior. There is a method of comparison with geometry how Kubrick sees a position that reminds me of how Japanese managers worked in sixty years. As if what is shown is unimportant for all the different elements of the same shape. <br /> <br /> Other photos are quite clear. The first publisher of Jack's painting, accompanied by screens from the pig pigs, like drums from another apartment or produced by the printing machine itself though it is a punishment tool itself, later became nothing less. The red river that surrounds through the elevators of the hotel for slow motion. Jack blowing the door with copper, the camera moving with him, tracking the action as amazed instead of remaining static, like that is blowing the camera through the door and not the ax. The rapid stimulation of the baby's face cuts us into his head before we see two dead girls from his POV. And of course, the location of the bathroom. Much has been said about the tackle of Jack Nicholson. Her grandmother has never succeeded, because, well, she is Jack Nicholson. The boy looks at half-mad, however. Play Mad turning out to become a modern caricature of himself. Shelley Duvall on the other hand is one of the most choice of the choice of Kubrick has ever been. From the streak of wonderful exhibitions to Robert Altman in the seventy years (3 WOMEN, THIEVES LIKE US, NASHVILLE), brings its characteristic amount of weakness and emotional distress. The most powerful and powerful stamps.
