To shine, you know what is known about this movie? This is a film that everyone, for people who claim to not like horrible films, will always say that Shining is a strict film. This is the ancient vision of Stanley Kubrick's story of Stephen King's fear of madness and blood. This is just a wonderful film and you see it or not, you feel, know a few verses from them, and know some of the classic pictures. Who can forget Jack "Here is Johnny!" Who can forget "All Work and No Play Make Jack Little Boy"? Who can forget that the end of the end? This is a film that cannot be remembered and honestly in my opinion is the best work of Kubrick. I know there are a lot of arguments in the department, most people say it is 2001: The Space Odyssey or Orange Clockwork or even Dr. Strangelove, but if the films worked on making a film, then Shining made it. This is a story of separation, madness, horror images, and the last story of the spirit that will go under your skin. Jack Torrance, the son of Jack Danny, and Jack's wife, Wendy are coming to the Overlook Hotel's closed date. An old African and American elder, Dick Hallorann, Danny's surprise to talk to him telepathically and give him ice cream. She explains Danny that she and her grandmother shared the gift; they said communication "shines." Danny asks if there is anything to panic at the hotel, especially the room 237. Dick tells Danny that the hotel has "shine" with him and many records, not all good, and advises him to go outside the room 237 under all conditions. Danny's curiosity about the room 237 finally gets better when he sees the room opened. Danny shows injury and seem to have trouble after Jack told Wendy that he loves his family. To see this, Wendy thinks Jack has been using Danny. Jack walks into the gold room of the hotel where he meets a ghostly bartender named Lloyd. Danny begins to hit the word "redrum" easily, and write it on the walls. He goes to perspective, and goes away; now says that he is Tony, "his friend of thinking." Jack sabotage the hotel radio, forbid communication from the outside world, but Hallorann has received Danny's phone call for help and is on the way. Wendy finds that Jack has been writing the endless pages of repetition text "All work and no play makes Jack a little boy" made in various ways. Fearful, Jack threatens and enjoys himself with a baseball gun, binding him in a glass store in the kitchen. Jack speaks to Grady through the locker door, which opens him out. Danny has written "REDRUM" in the doorway of Wendy's bedroom. When he appears in the mirror, he sees that it is "Murder" written back. Jack takes the ax and begins to beat through the door leading to his family's home. "This is Johnny!", And the story of Jack's story is born. It is one of those films that you should find during the watch, this is a fantastic film and it still gives me a night. The performance of Jack Nicholson has no time and memorable. But one I also feel is overlooked is Shelley Duvall, his search for Rant Jack for All Work? it's amazing, that's looking for fear and you can see that panic in his face after realizing her husband is mad. Also another wonderful place is when Jack sees a woman in the bathroom, it's honest one of the most horrific events in awesome movies. Because this film is widely known because it is a perfect film, it has been on The Simpsons, shown in other films and is a film that will continue with you when you see it, you believe. <br /> <br /> 10/10
