Okay, okay, maybe not much bigger. I mean, The Exorcist and Psycho and a few others are difficult to pass, but Shining is the way up there. But, however, it is the most beautiful story of Stephen King which has been made a film. It's better than The Stand, better than Pet Sematary (if not quite awesome), better than Cujo, better than Green Mile, better Dolores Claiborne, better than Stand By Me (just hard, however), and yes than the Shawshank Redemption (fast, it is better), I don't care WHAT IMDB Top 250 says. I read that, a few decades ago, Stanley Kubrick was going through a novel at home to try to find one that could make a good movie, and from another room, his wife will hear the noise every half an hour or if he hit books against the wall for confusion. Finally, he did not hear any noise for about two hours, and when he went to investigate and see if he had died in his seat or something (I tell them with all respect, of course), he found him considering a book that he had his hand, and the book was the Light. And thank God, because He changed the book into one of the best ever-ever films. Stephen King can be grateful for the complexity of the story, about a man who takes his wife and child to a rural hotel to keep it during the winter alone when he works in his writings. Jack Nicholson can thank him for his deadly performance as Jack Torrance (how many films has Jack been with someone called Jack?), With his delivery of several popular lines now (`Heeeeeere's Johnny !! '). Shelley Duvall can be grateful for the performance that allows the audience to involve Jack's desires to kill him. Stanley Kubrick can thank him for providing this well-known touch, and anyone who can thank him for thanking them for running a few twins in the world to play part of the killed girls. One of the most important features of this film, it is important for the whole story to have its important effect, is excluded, and offers gifts. The movie begins with the long-term area that follows Jack as he extends to an old hotel for his interview for the work of the guardian for the winter. Recently it was followed by one thing followed by Jack and his family while driving a windy mountain road. At this time the area was associated with Jack's shots, Wendy, and Danny speaking on the car, which Kubrick was able to get into a quick comment on TV, as Wendy says that he says about talking about damage to Danny, who says that it's okay because he has already seen on television ('See, right, he saw it on television.'). The hotel itself is a perfect set for this story for it happens, and it is behind the blood, it is very disturbed by many rooms, running and tall buildings. These rooms and their echoes always insist on lack of hotels, but are the roads that have created better than this film, and the traditional tracks of Kubrick's track provides fun to feel three-dimensional feel. At the beginning of the film, there is a famous track shot that follows Danny in a big circle as he climbs around the hall in His Wheel (what is called?), And his relative speed (such as clunking made by wheels with a return from the hard floor up to the wheel of the throw) gives a sense of not knowing what the corner is. And the story of Stephen King, you're looking for something to fly out of you. I think that the best place in the venue (such as one of the most intense films in the film) is when Danny plays on the floor, and the ball slows down to him. He looks up and sees the empty hallway, and because the ball is something of a child's toy, you expect that it must be those terrible twins that have come. However, you get a point. Shining is a terrible movie. Besides having an extraordinary quality of having an awesome movie that should not be, Lighting is a comprehensive story that makes you feel and stops feeling there is something missing. HAD Jack was always there, as Mr. Grady told him in the men's room? What? Was he really in the ball in 1921, or is he the only person who looks like him? If he has been a minister, as Mr. Grady said, do you? That means He was the one who went to heaven and killed his wife and daughters of twins, and not Mr. Grady, after all? It's one thing for the film to leave the wrong end that you should be bound, that's just the film's efficiency. For example, The Horror Amityville, which certainly copied a lot of Shining until the issue, did it. But it is quite different when the film is presented in a way that makes you think (if more all the Kubrick movies are). Another thing we can all thank Stanley Kubrick for, and we should thank him for, not to give us this book against the wall. Searching for that would be a movie problem.
