Chilling, the main piece of movie screens, this film combines all the positive aspects of intellectual excitement, and a good vision of the director who has the usual ability to run a flick of fear of moody within the area of ​​his eye-studded film for the shot The original, the cold sound of ice and the general state of destruction. This movie reduces through all the usual movies of fear such as red-poker through the human eye, since it allows the viewer not only to feel the violence and psychology of its protagonist, but to appreciate the seeds that the forest occurs. One of the most horrible things for people who are faced with the face is unknown and this film shows its mechanism for such thoughts only for the mind. The layout is perfect, in cold winter hiding. The stability of that time is the character itself, as the surprise of fermenting in the mind of Jack Torrance allows this inappropriate time, and producing a new sports field of the devil. I have always felt that the existence of evil was in all our minds, and the conditions at that time, and the reasons given there, are needed to strengthen its violent ass and pull on its uncertain victims. This film is a perfect example of this idea. And it is within the touch of the trouser film trick, enough of the big wheel of the little boy to climb into the hotel hallways, the labyrinthia garden that represents a narrow mind line between insane and insane, The discrepancy of Kubrick's editing failure editing, persistent error and filtering layout, that we discover the world led by the right and visible, but has been taken by force and unknown. I have never read a book that the film is standing, but without being a comparative step, I am happy to say that this is one of the most horrible movies I have seen. I thought that during the run of the film it would have been cut off a bit, but again, not one of the most respected directors in the history of the film, so maybe I must worry about my high-top film coverage, to me. For all, this film reminds you of your thoughts and vision and vision, it combines it with some wind and spirit of unity, and unites you and finds you in the heart and the sense of coolness of the eyes of the man has gone up, with a bright sky and losing humanity. <br /> <br /> Rating: 9/10
