Anthony McGarten has changed his play, through Satellite, and inspired the best film of comedic from New Zealand for a long time. Chrissy Dunn (Danielle Cormack) is a drop. He has not achieved much in his last years and has grown to his family's anger since admitting his father's death. The twin sister, Carol (also shown by Danielle Cormack) plunges into the media as she represents New Zealand at the swimming Olympic. A middle-aged, ambitious and desperate director (Brian Sergent) and a good natural player - who is also a nightclub of Chrissy - Paul (Karl Urban) a family of Dunn's arrogant family; watch Carol swimming for victory. This can't be bad but Chrissy's family is a matter of shame. Firstly there is a matriach of Wellingtonian Dunns, Joyce (Donna Akerston). She makes fairy cakes and sausages of fish for all the film's key and refuses to change her way. His older daughter, Jen (Rima Te Wiata) wishes to be the most common thing. He has a beautiful house (and the walls of the bedroom have built a "Black sorbet"), the expensive flavor and odds of parasites are identical. She also has around 40 and separates the child. Her husband, Ken (Tim Balme) is an electrician and is involved in tasks that she does not need to do ... as well as doing the required tasks, namely Jen. The middle daughter, Lyn (Jodie Dorday - who won the best Executive Assistant at the New Zealand Film Awards for this picture) is a "tart knocked-up" who has a dubious history with Ken. All the older sisters are facing, Mom is in a situation, Ken is very bad Tim Taylor Tool, Carol stimulates his Olympic aspirations and Chrissy knows all these should be beaten on a national TV - why shouldn't be embarrassed? It is good to see the famous New Zealand faces in the comedy of cities that have magic lines to avoid. I liked to decrease between Jen and Lyn. One is like Mona-an adult-hour-biology-is-ticking-off, another trampiss tramp who has what her sister desires - a bun in the oven. The film period is very interesting and well done. The exhibition is treated and the film works perfectly. A good way to spend an hour and a half. <br /> <br />
