Lorna Green (Janine Reynaud) is a performance artist for rich academics in the local club. She is attacked by her fantasies as the promise of sexual relations turns out to be murder if she kills those who believe that sex is on the horizon. It is quite possible that, through the hypnotic view, the person (.. possibly possible master integrating its terms as a puppet) leads Lorna to kill those who come in secret places only when it seems that love to do is almost start. After the massacre within his fantasies, Lorna's motives are wondering, often not as good as what she saw in her dreams that really happened. <br /> <br /> If someone asks me how to describe this work from Franco, I'd like to say it's elegant & hard. At the moment, perhaps you have read another user's comments made by what this film is about, since much of that happens in a surreal state of dreams. Franco mentioned in an interview that had been severely affected by Godard earlier in his career, as a fashion-making fashion, so he decided to stop the details of the details for trying to create a different kind of visual experience. And, as you read from the comments of the user's comments here .. like this decision, some find the work style, gentle, and amazing. I will be the first to admit that the film is on my head, but even Franco himself, when he was beaten by the critics who looked at "Succubus", admitted that he did not even understand the film and led it! Some may say that "Succubus" was only a barrier to his work of interest, "Venus in Furs", is considered to be his work for Franco-faithful, because it also creates a surreal structure, of a dream where the protagonist does not know whether he / she has experience something real or imagined. For, as a protagonist, we are faced with the same type of mixture. Indeed, "Succubus" is a non-traditional film where we are not given the keys to what's going on. And, a great discussion of the discussion does not help things. "Succubus" also has a variety of beatnik and "talking-poet", a Corman film, "Interested Bucket". My favorite favorite scene eliminates between the lesbian interlude between Lorna and the woman she meets at the posh party. As a fantastic sequence of fantasy where mannequins used instead of ordinary. Main areas and jazz symbols. I loved this film myself, although I can understand why it receives negative answers. He loved the same event at the posh and Lorna party, we had a little bit, we hit the floor in a beautiful evening coat while others attending the shindig.
