I haven't seen all the movies of Jess Franco, I saw 5, I think, and there are more than 180 of them. So maybe it's a little earlier to say it but "Necronomicon Geträumte Sünden" (more known as 'Succubus', but that's the cut version) is according to me if not better, certainly on the best of Franco. Franco is well-known (though 'known' may be a little salty) for "Vampiros Lesbos", an incredible movie of the most famous in the mid-90's when people saw Jess Franco was also an interesting composer. In a tone, a few happy ones found him and saw what was expected after seeing a video of the 'lion and cucumber' ('Vampyros Lesbos OST'): Jess Franco is a surprise director. When the phone rang during 'Vampiros', I let it be. I just wanted to see more of the film. Since then Franco was never able to catch him. But I fell on this movie. It's better than "Vampiros Lesbos", I think. Franco is looking for what he can do with stories and cameras. We know he can do a lot. I certainly did not expect to get "Necronomicon" which is good: its beginning was never interesting. Remember, I had seen him "Vampiros Lesbos" before (though he had come three years later) and both movies had started the same. But the story went on, surprising and promoting, good work of cameras and things that you would like to see God doing if he was not busy by spreading his political message. Later in the movie I heard a discussion about art that was old or absent. The man says that all movies should be old because it takes a week before viewers see what was hit. But the girl responds that "Bunuel, Fritz Lang and Godard yesterday made movies for tomorrow". Janine Reynaud is an interesting actor and in fact Howard Vernon, the frequency of Franco, also there. Fortunately it is good (something that can damage many Franco movies for you, but this is not). But surely check the dummy area. Sufficient tension, wild guide and the fact that it was the movie yesterday for tomorrow will do so that most people should see. The fact that it is found more than "Vampiros Lesbos" certainly helps.
