Police, investigations, murder, doubts: we all know them very well in galore movies. Many movies today are involved in crimes that are believed to involve viewers, giving them an exciting environment. However, many of the lovable lovers will take into account the latest films that forget about the elderly. However, it happens that these people can be easily deceived. Film-based film can be very interesting now despite being over 20 years old ... it's GARDE VUE, a unique movie with Claude Miller. What? There are a lot of steps? It is not true since the events presented on the film take place very briefly. But the way they do it includes great film shows. Jerome Charles Martinaud (Michel Serrault) is being investigated by Inspector Gallien (Lino Ventura) and Belmont Expert (Guy Marchand). It's a New Year's Eve, a rainy evening and not very accurate for the meeting. However, after being infected and killed by two children, in the early morning of the year, the door of suspicion must be clear at the end. In other words, (mostly quoted from the film), it must be revealed that the wolf is bad. To achieve this, one needs a lot of effort and too many feelings from both sides ... <br /> <br /> Some people criticize the script for being too words. However, I would like to ask you: what do you do if you don't have a lot of questions and, usually, a lot of conversations. This power touches the roots of that kind. In any case this is boring but in the whole film, it makes you, as a viewer, as an observer, responsible. Additionally, the film has well-equipped but the stories are told. Not too much and not too little for them - just enough to make the whole story clear and more interesting. The most memorable publications, for me, is when Chantal (Romy Schneider), Martinaud's wife, speaks about a beautiful Christmas ... But these weights also have views of places, including bad sea. It all helped me with amazing set speed. And since I saw GARDE VUE, I always mention this film as one of the "defenders" of French movies against aggressive charges and chaos. But the elements that are already saying should not appeal to many viewers as they would not like those movies and yet they will not find content and its implementation. However, the GARDE VUE is also suitable for those people. Why? For the exhibition. But here I did not expect to praise Romy Schneider. GARDE VUE is not a Romy Schneider car. He works hard as a mother who is desperate for a lost child. She honestly shows a quiet, concrete person, who does not refuse a cup of tea but does not like to play with words. Its part that includes a good discussion of life and responsibility is more brilliant, more reliable than the most disgusting role of Elsa in LA PASSANTE DE SANS SOUCI. It still works. However, Romy Schneider doesn't have much time on the screen. Typically, he appears for the first time after 45 minutes from the credit; he, as a wife with a different view, comes an example with the New Year, midnight. His role is directly helpful. Who really is stone is Lino Ventura. He is a middle-aged inspector Antoine Gallien who wants to know the truth, who knows that his questions are "missiles" towards another interlocutor but not. He is an inspector who, after being married three times, is well known about the women's psyche. He is the one who doesn't care about his work as a game of play but real service. Finally, he is a person who is not found to be abnormal to stay there for the New Year's New Year. Michel Serrault also does a good job of displaying fears, especially in the last events of the movie. But thumbs up to Mr Ventura. Brilliant! <br /> <br /> Apart from the unforgettable time you should, this is not the type of film that this feature is easily explored. The whole film is remembered, it should appear more than once and should feel to its state and, which I have never mentioned before, good music. For me, Chantal and Auditor Gallien's talk is a very rewarding time. You have two characters, you see their mental state if you get more into what you see. GARDE VUE is a very interesting film, it must be seen by happy lovers and artistic artists. The New Year has turned to ... now it's easy to open the door? You will find the time when you decide to watch a video directed by Claude Miller. 8/10
