We fans of Ed Wood become a group of obsessive place in the first place, but this movie has actually sent me to a fan level that I never had to come! One of the most exciting for the most adverse adulation of the film - at least if I am worried - it's a pleasure to get a deficit. I remember how, when I was a young man, I longed to see Eddie's "dead revenge" (a.k.a "Night of Ghouls"), which at that time was closed for a few decades. Also the small talent of low-budget films like the "Night of Dismember" of Doris Wishman or half of Jesus' works! However, recent years have seen the video and DVD to provide these uninhabited treasures around TOO found - even for those on our side of the "wrong" (!) Atlantic .... <br /> <br /> And then, behold, there was "I came on the Day of Genesis I died" - a movie that would have been so 'great', but that disappeared into the ether even before Fangoria published the first long article about it which first lost my appetite. The 1990s were supposed to have a hard-to-find film even though it would really be worth hunting: and this, to be sure it is .... I don't really want to add too much clarity on all the wonderful things of the film - its classy-yet-kitsch beaten, its fragrance but often hallucinogenic, its wonderful time of "fresh cinema" (for the 1920s of French cineastes) and surgeons, or even its memorable soundtrack - for this all has been described more effectively by other users here. It is worth mentioning, it is a pleasure that I have also received from the hunting of other hidden things that are associated with this close-lost-to-us-thanks-not quite a movie! I think the German video, which I received during Cologne on a cold winter day, is known to the Ed's supporters now. It is also common knowledge that the promotional film poster was released. However, there is more thanks found !!! First, there are a number of technologies found in the German film TheATRICAL release - I have used several of these in my translation classes in the "Woodify" class of my pupils ..... some of these comments are good for the film's skill. The entertainment - and the most interesting of all is that many critics put it deliberately into all the trash of the US and European traditions of the arthouse. Secondly, there is a mark of Larry Groupe ', which can get from one person - many songs can pull a real listener, especially if you think the "vaulted" film now and grow a little hateful at the same time. Finally - for now - I would like to mention SOUNDTRACK's promo which Cinequanon is given to a very small number. BEG, BORROW, STEAL, KILL or DO whatever it takes if you get the opportunity to get one of these !!!!!! It has 14 songs from the film, including Eartha Kitt's ballad, late Darcy Clay of "Jesus Was Bad" (two versions that are available on CD from New Zealand, though that is another story again!), Cool radio music which Christina Ricci dance, and also the wonderful drops of techno and Minty and ZHV (which is Billy Z's own techno band himself) ... <br /> <br /> Have a bitterness - then Ed Wood reign your life.
