This 1998 film was based on a script by late Edward D. Wood, a script that had no discussion in the traditional film as THIEF. While most of the Wood work was a low-budget entry in a variety of film-type forms, its first feature of GLEN OR GLENDA was a real attempt to describe the illusion of learning through pre-garde techniques. JUMA JUMA DAY I was supposed to represent Ed Wood's side, the attempt to give birth, although this film is a comedy (comedy nightmarish, however!), While the GLEN OR landscape of the GLENDA has been taken seriously by Wood that there was no chance to play there. From the first few seconds of this film I knew that I had been taken to a new world of movies, and I can't compare the real world with anything else. The technical component of the film design - design, sound sound, music mark, photography, etc. - is growing at any level. Specifically, though the film does not "talk" there is a voice of all kinds and also "language", but you will need to see how it has been done for yourself, as the cunning and surprise technique provides an excitement rate around. The technique of Glen or Glenda-esque of juxtaposing footage stock for surreal effects works well in the film and continues to a minimum. The entire film is played in a fever fever, and Billy Zane provides an amazing-dynamic performance that shows what the physical player and brilliant performers are. In the world of righteousness, he would be rewarded for this performance. Even looks like Ed Wood, and if played with this character Zane is often, funazy, sad, sympathetic, and without name (sometimes simultaneously !!!). What a shame that this film was found in legal problems and never received the release of video to North America or video, just playing a few festivals. Currently, only available in the video in Germany (in fact, my copy comes from the German source - cycles from Wood screens that are displayed on the screen frequently translate into German, although newspaper headlines (that is the biggest low-down of the plot of the plot, especially those who will be too expensive for the film, through newspaper headlines are used here in the traditional Wood) which Zane sees is in English). I think this film would have found the word of the next mouth that has been running in the middle of the night in other big cities and actively promoting. And if you are being played by the city and the city's decline of film, it would do well. In fact, if legal issues can be resolved, I would like to suggest that the film should continue to be provided for the exhibition, especially the release of MIDNIGHT worship. "This is a classic waiting to be discovered. <br /> <br /> Do I" understand "each No, but I "felt" every emotional emotion. Did everything "work" on the film? Probably not. I've seen it twice, and I first saw it interrupted several times. However, with all the junk meeting on Sunday's multiplexes and many films "alternative" to hate school of fetishistic or engaging in photography, we need a real Hollywood experiment like this. Recent films Bob Dylan "Masked and Anonymous" took the same position as did something like Steven Soderbergh FULL FRONTAL This film can get a larger audience than one of them. If you read this review a few years from now and the idea of ​​this film is exciting, still a if it has been given on the video. NOT be bored. Invite other friends up ... make a party. Try a wonderful voice of LOUD. I feel that, wherever he is in the future, Ed Wood is happy with this film and he feels like his special vision has been justified and somewhat confirmed by making this film. Wood also laughs that, as he has seen a bad break in life, a film released to him after his death was carried out in prosecution and remains unapproachable in the country of his decision.
