OK, so I know this movie because of my friend is in it and I actually visited the set when they were movies, so from a self-standing point, I was intrigued finally seeing this dark gem bit. If you dig a bit about the details about this film, you will find it mired in legal problems (even more than 7 years after appearing in the film) so that, if you're quite like me - then you will do whatever it takes to get a copy. My source? Ebay. About $ 15 but I felt ripped because when I got today in a letter, it was very bad, grainy copy of "ONLY ONLY" information, full and annoying on mini time code but alas, I could still enjoy but not as much as I had the right copy , something I recommend to get if you want the full results of this film can or may not be available to you. From what I have collected, it is released on DVD in Germany and now Spain. So, good luck & enjoy fun / tender ...;). Mark / sndtrk has its unique value. very eclectic and diverse (somethinbg rare these days IMHO in the film) - I think it will be my next sndtrk / logo to locate, but I digress ... <br /> <br /> Now, on the review. The film opens as Billy Zane's character's something injected a nurse in the mind ward she is apparently locked in. He steals his clothes (even shoes) and quickly moves in a series of make up bank / loan shop but after run and loot, well, I think this is where the "plot" begins - he gives birth without knowing. After stimulating several campy over-top crime & dalliances for A range of C-list celebs to locate the money, he sees himself somehow in the cemetery where funerals - I think for a guy to die shoots at the bank / bank offices, and - even with police cars The 1950s and the fighters looking everywhere fast - never seen or baptized. (He sees daily newspapers announcing his "crime") This I liked, because it gave a thin plot extension. After all, it is MOVIE (see: false) & director Iris Iliopulos does what I think is everything possible for 1) Make a vision for Wood for fruition and 2) Give it a new feel, you still have shots of 50 real police cars interacting with , ahh, LA.99 meters $ mall - so well so my rating 9. If the period and preparation were real - I would give it 10. Now it locks itself kinda weird and I can't destroy it for anyone but let's just say the last end is something wrong with for me, to me, It had a promise, action and comedy - all up to the end, so ... and ALL - said a copy for your discretion. <br /> <br /> Just realize that, if there is no dialouge (except for details and singing) this can be on your barley - maybe not - but I really think it's worth watching. All actors perform good performances and are just different from the pieces that have a real time that they just made me a long time to fix - then I would say in all ways to watch this film because it is not like anything that these studios have been installed today (or also in the future). , too, I'm sure.
