I saw this film after watching Capote and Infamous. It's just amazing how the relationship between homosexuals and characters is reduced in the film. The author is the same, the characters beat them more than gay. The film begins slowly, but by looking at it again, we get all the interesting information from the illustrations that the author / director Brooks builds Look at the amazing cut at the beginning where killers and murders are connected. The cutter on the phone resembles a perry on the phone. Cutter washing his face is straight-cut to Perry washing his face. Look for Perry alone on the mirror and see his male body of skill puts fantasy of playing guitar in Las Vegas for empty seats. This failure / fantasy corresponds to the defeat-fantasy which Perry tells us about his father who built a good motel in Alaska just to get a regular empty. <br /> <br /> Dick talks on shooting pheasants and the fact that pheasants don I know that they will die. we cut for Clutters. <br /> <br /> Perry speaks of his dream on a yellow bird, "Taller than Jesus" who visits Nuns who have persecuted them. "Nuns wanted mercy," he tells us, "But the birds killed them however." Aircraft brought Perry into paradise. Surprisingly, Perry says he has trouble with Nuns, God and Religion. This comes back in his last words when he wants to apologize but he doesn't know to whom. The director sets in all kinds of what-like and just-ifs. <br /> <br /> Nancy Cutter gets sleep in the home of friends. He holds the horse. Perry will say comments on his image and the future house. Nancy can't sleep on her friends' house because her boyfriend comes to dinner. The decision has made its destiny. > Bog ry ya ya ry ry ry ry ry ry ry ry ry ry ry ry But it's another picture of Bogart, "Defeat the Devil" which Truman Capote wrote, where the hunt for false treasures is McGuffin. But Dick knows that the characters of the film finished without anything. Dick wants a hard money, $ 10,000 which he thinks is in a secure array, (which includes being as fantasy as a treasure of the Mexican Perry.) Cut to Herb Clutter signing $ 40,000 life insurance policy Thinking about deaths now. usually its deaths are about to end in a few hours. The insurance agent on behalf of the company wishes long life, and it is surprising when we know what will happen for a few hours. Dick said they did not want witnesses so nobody remembered him. Then, in fact, it was because they removed all witnesses that they were remembered. "There was one witness," the detective continues to tell Dick later. For him is the witness of prison, Dick, Perry, Truman Capote, or God? The viewer has a witness after watching the movie. The film.
