IN THE SONG OF SONGS should be counted as the first level of filming, even if the issue concerns the situation as it receives in the world of belief, but fans of the film should find this piece of work, according to real life crime. It opens with Quincy Jones's music under the best and most favorable road bus routes to Kansas City, effectively keeping the state of the film even before the completion of the credit. Picture of B&W of Conrad Hall has a good work from the beginning. <br /> <br /> Also open from the beginning: ROBERT BLAKE AND SCOTT Wilson are natural characters. They are doing a good job to show friends without a free spirit to find the next happiness. "Ever seen a millionaire fry in electric hair? Hell no. There are two types of law in this world. It's one for the rich and one for the poor," says Wilson, taking a swig of alcohol behind the wheel. > <br /> Both are required to cross the farm family's way, not showing compassion and leaving witnesses behind. Blake, remembering the movies, and thinking of gold hunting in Mexico, says: "Remember Bogart in the" Treasure of Sierra Madre "?" (Wonderful time, because Blake himself was in the film as a young boy to sell lottery tickets). "I have looked at you for a natural killer," Wilson says Blake. JOHN FORSYTHE is one of the leading advocates on the case, realizing that all four community members were arrested, shot and one had his throat cut. "Are these people around here closing doors?" asks PAUL STEWART. "They tonight," is the answer of fraud. After the massacre, the killers find that "he had no good oil in the wall", as he told them in prison. So, finally, it was really ridiculous, unnecessary crime. The question is: Why did they do it? And this is the second thing the film explores in detail. It takes an hour and a half in the film before the detectives find with the killers and start interrogation. These are the last events that have more faith and interest as boys are told they've made a lot of mistakes and left a living testimony. Actual events up to and including killings are preserved until the end. "No sense," Blake tells Forsythe. "Mr. Cutter was a very good gentleman I thought so until I cut his throat." Richard Brooks's publisher is concise and sure - and so is his direction. Connecting: A brilliant discovery of two young people who have no sense of criminal crime or now for $ 43 only. Chilling.
