The cluster for this movie was one that focused on moral mobilization in the United States. This was a very hot situation in America where two very different cultures gathered. What caused these actions so bad? .. If this film offers a scene, (when Hickock and Smith were drinking) these two men were not drunk, nor were they under any influence of medicine! It was a clear case of cold and calculated decisions. In fact, violent acts were the final result of emotional and social neglect ... Anytime in 1975, we as a nation have been sympathetic to those who have been lost to the environment. ... However, this event takes place in 1959 !! This horrible revelation made us laugh, and made that nation a moral stand! With the recent release of the movie "Capote" according to Truman Capote, who is the creator of the document "In The Blood of the Patient", the people of the Americans have promoted a new love with this film! Robert Blake played the role of Perry Smith, one of the criminals in this film ... This seems appropriate due to the fact that he has been linked to his personal life! "In the Head of the Heel" the unspecified things ... There was no revenge involved, there was the physical benefits of the acquisition, it was not possible for social development here either, this is just an example of latent and insidiously bitter anger which the latter is not recommended to justify the way! Diatribes of the situation in which Hickock and Smith mourned about them were always! Under the circumstances, why should they take their feelings on an unconventional and innocent family of Kansas family? .. Is Geer (Grandpa Walton) who is a prosecutor of the prosecution who has been disturbed by this act of extraordinary skill? His argument is very persuasive ... His argument is: "These two men who did not show compassion now pray for you." This is a logical line that will help me to pass sentence sentences if I were one of the members of a good !! Being blamed for your risk of life is not used as a proof of establishing a great crime! It was you of Capote that explained that this anti-violence action should be brought to the attention of the American public! If it turns, it was hard to come up. "In cold blood" did just that! This event was quiet before the storm related to the emerging issue of radical 1960! This murderous charter was also used as an awareness of the special interests that would be considered by many ordinary Americans in the future! Truman Capote is doing a great job on verifying this savage event and his book, (which was the best supplier) and, with this document too ... Acting in this film with Robert Blake and Scott Wilson , with people like John Forsythe, it was wonderful! Director, Richard Brooks, ("Cat on the ceiling of Hot Tin", "Blackboard Jungle" "Elmer Gantry" and "Key Largo" by name but a few !!) was the best in his efforts to cooperate in this movie! I think “In Blood Blood” is one of the best movies in the history of the movie! The film shows two fragments of the damage that appeared in the exhibition used, and injured them very much by being accepted at the national pejorative level! .... This movie shows the absence of psychology that promotes the emerging culture. The purveyors of violence! Our national ethics is very different now than it was in 1959 !! This movie sells American people to emotional and protest criminals who formed a very dangerous metamorphosis in our total value system! I recommend to everyone that they see this film ... "In the Blood of the Spine" was a link to the film "Capote"! Think about it, and make a film about the movie makes the discoveries of rare and greedy in Hollywood! In the case of "On Blood Blood" is an extreme example of the film that looks for help, it raises the mind, and of course, it goes without saying, "In The Blood of the Heel" was very strong, with a completely amazing movie !!
