The actual story of the crime on the basis of Cold Blood can seem a little 'tame' for those who have stumbled on tribal stories (Gein, Bundy, Dahmer), or just the worst case in Hollywood (OJ, Manson). The most important things in the case are not enough to be a matter of great concern: Perry Smith and Dick Hickock (here played with Robert Blake and Scott Wilson respectively) met with luck, planned to steal a private farm in Kansas, and after the family killed The four gunmen and dagger came with 43 dollars. In addition to their return to the United States after a short refuge in Mexico, there is not much secret for either resolution. They had a stroke of an amazing spell (one officer followed them and prevented them from having a stolen car after Smith and Hickcock to help the boy and his old man collect bottles for change), and sentenced to be executed by the neck to the dead. The story ended in 1965. But it is the keeping of the story, during the chaos, the exhibition, the touch of cinema movies that Brooks and its amazing (late / big) DP Conrad Hall provides in crisp black and white colors, and the story of the story which feels true without entering into natural nature or many melodrama (except perhaps close to the end, which is perfect). The tragedy depends on the story, and not because of the killings themselves, no matter how brutal they are like "third party" who is bound, as the author says, and Smith and Hickcock living, but because of the inability of the story. You feel some way to these criminals, who with any other hands will only be a common figure or something outside of the film B. These are not good people, but not necessarily winding, at least all the way. It is also the best 'movie road' as we see Smith and Hickcock road down to the shelter (real-time crime scene takes place at the end of the film), then go to Mexico, then return to America to Las Vegas. We feel in these two attributes, perhaps even more than that of the police investigators who have not first been leading and then finally getting rest with a prisoner. In fact it is a kind of discomfort to get close to these two (the same type of quality and the non-meaning of Malick Badlands characters), and also a permanent sign of time. No sermonizing, as "made it because of it and this or the other." We see how Smith had a bad, intelligent father, but Smith loved and hated him. The controversy is so much for the film, perhaps even so much for the Capote book (which I must admit, still read, though I have planned). And we see Hickcock is this self-confident creature (ie getting suit and other items for bad surveillance), but without any detailed explanation for all. The fat line in the cold blood is some of the most wonderful of the 60's, and it's a Brooks fortune to have its stars like Blake in its top-of-pops performance (this with the Lost Highway). , odd to consider his real life saga in recent years, his quintessential pieces of work, and the efficiency of Wilson before becoming a character actor. While surrounded by the good work of support, they are engaged in the heart, moving more or less with humility and fantasies of escape and treasure, and staying well in their environment through the death line and through their end. Is this the myth of the story, if there may be one, that is more horrible to cope with the possibility that those who kill them cannot be counted, of good and evil get smudged? Smith apologized for his crime before he was beaten, and he says, "but to whom?" This is a story presented to give the most difficult fans of real crime of the destruction of bonafide, and it is quite possible the best American movie of 1967.
