A unique film ... one of the best at all. Acting, the script, the score of Quincy Jones, movies, editing, etc. - just wonderful. As many observers know, this film is based on Truman Capote's book on the famous Kansas family (prisoners) and young people during the robbery. I have never seen a film that changed the true story into the riveting film. <br /> <br /> The executives are firm in the board, but the goal is on the killers, Dick and Perry, and the law enforcement team follow them. Scott Wilson, as Dick Hickock is amazing. Dealing, despair, and merciless, come in a beautiful, fatty and beautiful way. Robert Blake as Perry Smith is very strange and alone, and once compassionate and cool. Who can bring these qualities into one person and make us give? He does, and is brilliant! The key feature of this book is how it took the two groups of these very different social groups to create an important force to commit the crime and evil, and these two actors work well. They both had time in their future work, but these exhibitions are a high water mark, and that stands during acting. Cats are amazing too. Leading the investigation is John Forsythe, but three other spies are also good. Unlike modern movies that manufacturers feel that it is important to provide police with goods or superhuman items, these are just a real flat, working for a decision and skill. They seem to be real. I've never seen tabs on a powerful screen in their validity; and I have seen many of the critics go back. One kind of kind in this manner. THE STRATEGIC PLAYER HAS COME (This unique film because you already know what happened, but I have a warning for record). <br /> <br /> Of course, the best scenes from the best crime shows and movies are interrogated - professional threshold matches between cops and crooks, Mano Mano. This film has hands under the best screen detectors that you see on the film. See Dick and Perry trying to ignore their way and slowing down, they don't know the fighters have their products. But fighters need to prepare their suspects to lose their alibis and hope to pray. This is some of the best work you can see. Consider Glengarry Glen Ross without showing. To help translate the sad and horrible corners of this true story, ICB was held in the real house of Clutter, and I heard that Clutters played with the film students to give them a real sense. It works. These seem to be polite, easy. It makes crime so bad and sad. <br /> <br /> I'll leave here. It is not a very good movie, but it is one of the best movies made, and so it is unique, it must look at every film buff.
