Perry Smith criminals and Richard "Dick" Hickock believe Mr. Clutter of Holcomb, Kansas keeps a great supply of money in hand to secure.In November 15, 1959 at two, they finish killing Mr. and Mrs. Clutter and their son and daughter. The two police investigations of two men are found and sentenced to death. In Cold's blood (1967) headed by Richard Brooks.Now, I've never read the Truman Capote movie this article depends on, so I can do any comparison.The movie has a good job to tell about These terrible events that actually happened.Robert Blake is as good as Perry. In fact, Blake was the case of killing his own years back, being accused of killing his wife. Free now, but we do not know the truth. Scott is doing a wonderful job like Hickock.John Forsythe is as strong as Alvin Dewey.Paul Stewart is as good as Jensen.Jeff Corey is amazing as Mheshim Hickock.Same something with Charles McGraw who plays Tex Smith.John McLiam tells Herbert Clutter, Ruth Storey is his wife Bonnie, Brenda Currin is daughter Nancy and Paul Hough is Kenyon's son. Great work of each of them. There is a lot to remember from this film. Start from the lighter side. It is very good when Perry wants to go to gold hunting in Mexico and tell Hickock: Remember Bogart in the Treasure of Sierra Madre? "And Blake himself was in the same movie as a boy! And it's a fun time when they are climbing the boy and his grandfather, collecting bottles and taking them back to the money for refunds. This is the time of the darkness that becomes more furious. The murder is happening, it's very terrible. When Perry is going to kill a girl, Nancy ends, and says "Oh, please, not" ... Human violence, it is impossible to describe. Then the scene of execution. First goes to Hickock and then Perry, first talking to In the last picture of the movie we see Perry hitting the end of the string.Some movies, and books can try to sympathize with these villains.For Perry's character is someone you can feel sorry.He thinks of his mother, and the father who hates, but still likes However, it does not change the truth of all these actors who are the brutal killers, who have no feelings for anyone. They go home and kill the whole family, in cold blood. a hundred people?
