In 2006, "In Patient Blood" - very interesting from 1967 - has two interesting scenarios that have never been. First, and more surprisingly, it is a fact that the star, Robert Blake, recently had in the case of killing his wife. Second, the latest Oscar's winning biopic, "Capote" showed the story behind this story of haunting the true crime writer, Truman Capote. The two new sessions make a film at a time for modern audiences. <br /> <br /> If you stand alone the film from that time, "In the Fira Blood" is the top line every way. More importantly is the beautiful black and white performances from Conrad Hall (later "American Beauty" and "Access to Road to Destruction"). Most of the still from the Kansas farm house at night or the backyard trees of the trees can be sold as a beautiful photographic image. With the direction of cracker-jack from Brooks and good editing in early events (where we see the daily life of innocent family members with careful care for the murder of two innocent killers); The creation that sets the stage for riveting suspense (even when everyone knows how all this will end up with all its facts based on real life events). It is also good to see in this day and age how careful observation of the massacre of the massacre can be shown where the act of the act of the act is passed on to the viewer with transparency and a drop of blood displayed on the screen. The film is also well locked by Robert Blake's performance as a sympathetic group that is still more brutal and abusive. The flashback scenes for its awesome childhood are very well done. Then there is a place towards the end of the film where he speaks to the pastor before he is sent to the tree and he makes his "confession" to the end by saying. It is one of the most common moments of a movie that is a perfect marriage, a beautiful text, an impression, and photography. I find you to clear from your mind a clear picture of rain from the window that came under the face of Robert Blake's face instead of real tears. The only thing that stimulates "in the blood of the cold" is slowly the middle action where your killers are on the lighting and forced conditions of social definitions end. The political message on the death penalty is secondary to its powerful clarity of mad killers and their prey.
