Modern, a horrible film on real life, worthless, brutal murder of small families, with results, and explore the lives of murderers, Dick Hickok and Perry Smith. The issue is how long it goes and, or how dated this film can be seen, it still describes a completely misunderstanding of criminal acts as well. <br /> <br /> This truly confirms many events: the tragedy, cruelty and the murder of the clutter family, a good family farm in the small town of Holcomb, Kansas; and the sad and sad life of Hickok and Smith. An interesting error is made in the film: that none of these minor criminals, they are afraid, small ones could think of going to something like this alone. But, together, they created a dangerous personality, mutual murder; one who fed the needs and disease of each of them. They collaborate on the way to "prove" something to each other. That they were human enough to do it, to do it; nor did he want to appear to be very fearful to complete their "great" score; The unfortunate and unfortunate residual life of the monarchy they led. These were two adult children, who live in a world of criminals to support less from anxiety; who always need to prove humanity and difficulty. in this case, these needs have been made up to the deaths of the Members. <br /> <br /> The movie has to look at somewhat for the Futter family, but that action is being done. These were the nobles, the lawyers, the small people of the city, who did not deserve a terrible fate. The movie also gives us a sense of youth life of Hickok and Smith. Perry Smith, whose early life was filled with security and love, but looked at the terror as much as the alcohol took his family under the worst way. Hickok, poor and very left for his own devices, can not see how he entered, using his mind and charm for everyone who contacted him. <br/> <br/>, check the death penalty, and what we expect to achieve. What? This is not just a revenge for the killings that have hit the nation when we have never been able to deal with it so that there can be such insects among us, or does this put the end of the string really provides for the cradle of infants and brutal people like these? Is it possible to prevent men who are living deceitfully, who are under the radar, believe they are embarrassing everyone who is communicating with them? To prevent, you should believe it is possible. What? Is it possible to prevent these people who believe it is too clever to be caught? who have committed hundreds of minor crimes, and have left them? This was supposed to be "cinch", "no witnesses". When he was finished, Hickok realized that he could not love and send agents as he had departmental clerks. Smith, who believes he deserves the fate, who seemed to be the only one who knew the influence of what he had done, telling them the story when he learned that Hickok had been a fraud. The silly game of chicken among two young, emotional and emotionally damaged people. Exciting psychological stimulation, telling the story of terrible crimes in the history of this nation. Wonderful performances by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson. These responsibilities did their work.
