Although it was released in 1967, INA ON THE SONGS is still a sign that all the true crime crimes are the same. The former writer / director Richard Brooks (GANTRY ELMER) changed Truman Capote's false lie into a dreadful docudrama that holds the force of trouble even today, thirty-five years later. Robert Blake and Scott Wilson show Perry Smith and Dick Hickock, an ex-former who, with a tip from Floyd Wells of the former Hicock, broke home to Holcomb, Kansas home to Herbert Clutter, looking for security of a wall with $ 10,000. But no safe have been found, and two men instead were injured to kill Mr. Clutter, his wife, and their two children, leaving with only radio, a pair of binoculars, and forty dollars of lousy. Two months you run away, including an empty “holiday” in northern Mexico, ended Las Vegas when the fighters took them to a stolen car. But finally it comes out, after the hatred of the law enforcement officials of Kansas law, that these two men committed a violent crime in Holcomb. They tried and judged on two counts of murder, they were jailed over five years of appeal and denied until both of them were sentenced to death on April 14, 1965. Blake and Smith are quite surprised as two sympathetic killers who do not show regret for what they did but they are worried about getting caught. John Forsythe also turns out as Alvin Dewey, the chief detective investigating crime, such as Gerald S. O'Laughlin as his assistant. In a system that is faithful to the Capote book and a beautiful gambit of art, all over Brooks does not provide killings at the beginning; instead, he shows two killers connecting the clutter house as the last light comes out, then it is reduced to the next morning with a horrible discovery of bodies. Only when returning to Kansas, when Blake is interviewed by Forsythe and tells stories, we see the real fear of what happened that night. We do not see that many blood is reduced in these cases, but we do not need. The explosion of bullets and horrible fears on the faces of Clutters if they know of the near death is more than sufficiently disturbing, so there is no need to relax for the bloodshed of slasher-film. THE WARRING WARRANTED IN THE BACK OF THE BACK IN THE BACK AND WHITE BLACK, AND THE RESPONSIBILITIES are the best thanks to the expertise of Conrad Hall. The jazz downturn and Quincy Jones are capper. The end result is one of the most unlikely films, degraded by its low style. It is a 134-minute study of crime that confused the whole situation and indeed the whole nation, and should be seen, though a wise viewer is advised; The 'R' rate is there for a reason.
