The eighth day God created Georges. But just as the eighth day is not available this week, Georges is unacceptable in the modern world: He has Down and has been attacked by society, removed from the park after his mother's death four years ago. He is the only one who loves him. Harry is another person who doesn't like it anymore. His wife has left him, for reasons he cannot explain. She loses her love for her daughters, too, when she comes too late to the railway station to gather two children, who wanted to spend the weekend with their father. Harry is a very professional businessman. He knows all the laws that enable us to succeed in our modern meritocracy. But he has entered into a crisis situation, which reaches a peak after losing his daughters' love. He asks the meaning of his life, without finding any sure results. Harry and Georges meets. At first Harry tries to get rid of Georges, similar to all others. But Georges can not tremble. And gradually Harry, how much he needs Georges, if he wants to get his identity crisis. It is Georges who opens new access to the world for him and who makes him see his life with different eyes. Friendship and human warmth take the opportunity to count on success. It is not surprising that Harry is now unable to avoid his job. Georges helps Harry to be restored again by the daughter. Even his wife needs to admit that the fireworks that he planned were worth seeing. However, re-entry into the old life can no longer be. And the new is not a limited-time dream, which is undoubtedly reaching its end. The camera looks at Harry and Georges from above, for a moment for a long time, since both are lying under the grass, just enjoying it at that time. But like this minute it will come, of course, the friendship of the two men, which existed in such a wonderful way, will not be permanent. Georges are destroyed by the inherent love of the opposite sex and cannot see other ways outside but suicide. Harry returns to the city seat, who asks car drivers that are waiting in front of traffic lights for love. <br /> <br /> Movie describes the modern heritage as a bad system that eats good values ​​such as human kindness or friendship. It is Georges, the mongol, who seems to be able to show the way out of trouble, but unfortunately his application comes to an end. However, his failure does not mean that it is impossible or improper to achieve the goal he wants. The way he shows us is true, although it requires a large amount of love and, above all, the courage to use radical unconformism.
