For anyone with an average understanding, the average sense of humanity and humanity, for anyone who can get on Hollywood ilk, for anyone who is satisfied to see a movie that has no seagals / Willis / Van Dammes to lose intelligence from anyone or seeing who sleeps in bed, for anyone whose level of intelligence approaches the ability to understand, feel, understand, laugh and, cry and HEART of warm-warm warmth of compassionate people living, 'Le Huitième Jour 'is waiting for you. Jaco van Dormael has not only succeeded the jewel, which would have been very easy; has succeeded one of these common art works in the world of movies that prohibits any kind of entry. What? It's a drama game? What is the comedy? No: it is a story of Georges, a very strange sad laughable love fears a good personality, a patient of Downes Syndrome. It is a story that you laugh through your tears, but this is not one of the usual tears; This film flows through the world that you have once combine your feelings of sympathy or compassion or even shame with those who are pleasant, warm and even love. Harry, the successful businessman of the bank, Harry, comes to Georges: all were going against the opposite instructions, problems and priorities altogether; with proficiency van Dormael spells these two men not in a warm friendship, but which is more than a good friendship of those with beer on the road. This is the relationship that you grow in a great need for all. Coat-surrealist exercises are perfectly suitable: Georges remembers (or welcomes) past life events at any time - dreaming or sleeping; even near the last area of ​​fantasmagorical is quite accurate. The only event that can be considered to be a little outside is when they steal and exclude out of the rooms. However, this does not prevent from general. This film is a tower. Even if your French has not reached the limit, please see it with a small title. 'Le Huitième Jour' suits the problem. As for anything else, well, just read the following comments? I'm going with all of them. This film is fun, it's wonderful, it's unique. If you have seen a 'Rain Man' which I see the best film, you must see this: it's far more because it is not standing on the world famous Hollywood characters; has Pascal Duquenne and Daniel Auteuil? Oscars TEN for these two, and three more for Jaco van Dormael. Who cares? Yes: 11 out of 10 if the IMDb level does not diminish under problems. Magnifique! Chapeau!
