This film has all the sizes and sizes of many biblical times of the 1950s and 60s. But it is also perhaps the first one that has found the Bible characters themselves. The best thing about that is that it will not decrease the eyes of the viewer. This is a special and comparative balance that helps us realize that even many people like David are innocent people who find their faith and size in dealing with their mistakes. <br /> <br /> All actors are the first level in the film from Gilbert Barnett as the second son of David Absolom through the amazing Susan Hayward as Bathsheba. Hayward is the best in this film. Its true truth but much greater than the life style of work is home here at all. He is forever seductress, but he does a role in the manner in which you sympathize with him. Raymond Massey does a good job like Nathan the prophet. As a child when I saw the first film, Massey seemed to have spoken to the Lord himself and it was amazing. Of course he was also helped with the great music that includes Alfred Newman who was also a good success in other biblical baskets as "Robe" and "Great Stories Telled" together with perhaps 100 other films! Filming with Leon Shamroy has been made well and enhances the size but also the friendship of the film. Henry King, a very low-film film director like William Wyler is never a dove-injected into any kind of one kind, unites with greater than the life-style that never loses the love story between David and Bathsheba and David's own struggle with faith its in God. The way to walk in this film can be very hokey, but the King puts it real and attractive all the way. More we never lose a sense of secret about trying to understand God's will, as David himself struggles. From the first place where the soldier dies trying to save the ark from destruction. David is not satisfied with Nathan's answer, (to explain) that no one can understand God's will. This is the journey we go through the end of power where David finally faces himself. <br /> Finally this film is Gregory Peck who is wonderful as King David. David is a man who can believe he can rule the world without cruelty but was when the faithful singer of the Psalms. This is one of its best displays. I don't see this movie on TV again, but when I do it I can never look at it. I think it still continues very well today.
