I've always believed that David and Bathsheba were the original films recommended Tyrone Power in the 20th century Fox, although Gregory Peck expresses himself well as King David, the king and the lost eye. > Many biblical subjects are covered in this film, adultery, redemption, sin, punishment and generally what God expects from his followers. <br /> <br /> When you are a king, even the king in biblical prophecy. King David has many sons, including one of the worst in Jayne Meadows who was the daughter of Saul, the predecessor of David. But his eyes see Bathesheba out of his garden one evening. He returns to the marriage of Uriah the Hittite as David is very few women. Uriah is one of David's commanders. David sends Bathsheba and he becomes King, comes runnin 'because he had his eye on him too. What happens, thing, pregnancy, and death carefully planned for Uriah in battle. But every sight and knowledge of God has taken all this and not just punish David and Bathsheba, but the whole kingdom of Israel is punished by drought, disease, and plague. That day's sex law calls Batheba a stone death. David shows weaknesses in his previous actions, but here he comes on the plate and asks that everything should be put on him. He lays his hands on the Ark of the Covenant which was an instant death as seen in the film. My text is that God loves guts even if you are right and allows David to forgive both. Bathsheba becomes the mother of Solomon and he and David are the ancestors of a number of followers in the kingdoms of Israel and Judah until both failed. Susan Hayward is an attractive Bathsheba taken in an unloved marriage with Uriah played by Kieron Moore. The only thing Moore is raised is a good war. I loved the performance of Kieron Moore as behind the brave horse and instead of stupid. No one can set rules like Raymond Massey. Nathan His prophet lives with John Brown's character played in two films, the same level. Then when his own law called death, why did God save Bathsheba and point David to the throne? Maybe it was the fact He didn't just want to teach the third person to the job. He used Saul and David already. But I think the Christian interpretation may be that this was the taste of the coming of the New Testament, that one can act and receive mercy if someone asks for a lie. I will leave the biblical scholars to present the translation. <br /> <br /> See the film and you can come up with a completely new theory.
