Is there no shortage of bad talks in David and Bathsheba? "I had a great hand and a slingshot," "All the king of Israel out in the dark revealing to the enemy" (a complete score for Dennis Hooey by casting him to the face of the face), "Go and sit with the concubines." I am certain that the exhausted David told the prophet Nathan "Whatever you say." He even tries to the past "My kingdom did not understand me" often on Bathsheba's housewife at one time. So maybe it is a tax in the direction of Henry King that the film is not so bad even though the first three problems are provided. Maybe it's the nature of the conspiracy? the married man kills the wife of the fatale wife and leaves with it! ?? but the King brings ethical and theological values ​​into Phillip Dunne's copy instead of completing sin and shoes. This is David who contradicted the descent of downhill, rejected by the God of vengeance who does not know again, and the film is no longer good and no questions to ask about what the God of love will choose to take vengeance on the innocent instead of the guilty. It even gives a dramatic challenge to the reality of gender differences of law, where the failure of men causes punishment for their wives. Unlike King David, which was the most beautiful king, the most attractive king, David has been in the middle of the game and despite the attraction of the shoulder and speaking more lies when visiting the death of Saul and Jonathan , the performance of Gregory Peck grows in a state as David declines. Susan Hayward is a clean Hollywood style, Raymond Massey is a good performer of the exhibition (why is it natural when you get a voice that makes the quake the earthquake?) And Kieron Moore's Uriah as an unprecedented shepherd who cannot accuse David of putting him through The effects, but despite threatening soft soft film does not allow David to have morals out of prison free of charge on his death. With an amazing but powerful design and image of this Technicolor is definitely cut off more than 40s-50s of Biblical Epics. Fox's new DVD is a good transfer, including a good hokey 's back-up and a short-cut trailer deleted from the only film battlefield.
