This film is known for several attributes: the script of reading, once in religious-religious decisions, and Philip Dunne, the most beautiful performances, the first production in each department and its mental and mental age of Henry King. If a person was making a film, then getting the same talent as Leon Shamroy as a movie star, Lyle Wheeler as an art director and Alfred Newman as the original music composer will ensure quality production. Adding pictures of this film, including Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward as title actors, James Robertson Justice, Raymond Massey, Kieron Moore, Jayne Meadows and John Sutton as well as dance with Gwen Verdon and prospects can be promoted to be a film that can be made be something special. But in the script's head of the Bible, usually small forms are directed to sensory sensitivity and miraculous actions, everything will eventually depend on the author's knowledge. Philip Dunne here has given mankind, a special success in biblical films. David is a man in this film, many, not someone who does historical works on paper in the Old Testament. Gregory Peck makes him wise, enthusiastic, self-sparing, isolating and pleasing. As Bathsheba, Hayward does not have a perfect choice but provides a good deal of the most common nature of emotional and emotional feelings that helps someone to see why the King of Israel will be dangerous for him. The rest of the cast is power and power in turn. Known stories give a few to work with, but author Dunne and characters act as much as possible with human conditions. David's youth is told in flashback; how he was chosen by the Messenger of the Lord to be the King of Israel, and he found his way to the second king, Saul, to conquer Goliath at the time of battle while the rest were afraid of a great warrior. Later, he was expelled from the court of King Saul of Israel, became a famous hero, and returned to claim the kingdom and became the instrument of the death of Jonathan, the son of the King, who was a friend. His battles are successful - the film is really opening up with a successful attack; but his life is empty since his wife Michal, Jayne Meadows, is the daughter of Saul and it is cold. Returns to Bathsheba, who sees from the roof of the bathroom shower; later admits that she was hoping to see him. But she has a husband, Uriah; when she is pregnant, it becomes necessary for Uriah to enter the battlefield and spend time at home; he instead tells David to take him to the front of the battle, even after the resurrection of Verdon. David agrees. He is killed, the hero of war; but this does not solve the question of loyalty. The drought comes to Israel, and the faithfulness of the king is blamed for that. Finally, David lays his hands on the ark of the Covenant, soon brought Jerusalem and sat in the temple, which led to the death of others who accidentally contacted it, asking his god to punish him - and nothing happens ... David comes from the temple, \ t and he sees that the rain has come to his ruined country. This film is always interesting, different in its kind and very beautiful scenarios. The director and author uses the observer's principle, and in fact it is more successful in making people more involved than any film outside Gonosiska-Near East, where feat is very easy because there is no magic or religious theme taken in the middle such adventures. . A good view of his glowing insight, good performances and intellectual dialogue, this great effort produces learning regularly.
