For others, this biblical film is a story of judgment and judgment ... Some see it as a story of grace, restore, and hope ... Is it really both? Henry King depicts a picture of a powerful king destroyed by his suffering, his increase of sin, and his rise upon healing. <br /> 'David and Bathsheba' is a lively emotional movie vividly memorable characters who find ethical status when they maintain their humanity ... Henry King uses a powerful story, taken from the Old Testament, and skills ... David, ' The lion of Judah, 'when he was standing on the walls of Rabbah, saves the life of one of his faithful Uriah (Kieron Moore), and to return to Jerusalem. the son of the pastor, identifying himself as the daughter of King Saul ... one evening, and as he climbed up to the palace of his palace that seems to have a good view of the neighbor, David's eyes that came to the young woman who had A nice bathroom ... He was beautiful and beautiful ... David could not examine him ... He sees later that he was the wife of one of his officials ... <br /> <br /> Sending for him, he realizes that he, too, has not been happy in his marriage ... At this point, it seems that David's intention to move from the intention of taking Bathsheba as a wife, simply to take Bathsheba ... As always, sin had its consequences, and David was not planning on such a possibility. and there is a threat of hunger, David testifies that the Lord destroys him and his people for his sin ... But when Bathsheba tells him that she is pregnant and afraid of being stoned to death according to the law of Moses, David tries to cover her sins ... He sends a message to Joab, the commander of his army, and asks him to send Bathsheba's husband ... David did something that was detestable in the sight of God ... He sends the man before the place where he will be killed ... <br> David / she married his beloved Bathsheba for the full glory of the kingdom ... God punishes the couple when Bathsheba's child dies after birth ... At the same time, a severe famine has spread everywhere. the land and Israel - led by Nathan - blaming the King for their trouble ... They fought against the palace and claimed that Bathsheba would pay for his sin ... <br /> <br /> Peck has a compassionate king whose desire to desire his mind good and integrity. <br /> <br /> Hayward as Bathsheba, is a wise woman who begins to believe that every disaster that happens in her life is a direct result of her adultery… The sequence of her bath can be a time good in the history of biblical film, is bad mishandled, and the eyes of viewers are led briefly to the face of Hayward and shoulders ... Raymond Massey appeared as Nathan the Prophet, sent by God to denounce David after adultery with Bathsheba; Gwyneth Verdon is Queen Michal who tries to resist the desires and desires that have been important to David and the kingdom; The old picture of silence, Francis X. Bushman, had a short part like King Saul ... <br /> <br /> The best time of the film is: The Ark entered his permanent home when God breaks a young soldier who tries to touch something sacred; when describing David's life when he confessed his sin and is willing to accept his death penalty; and by the peak of the film, inserting it as a flashback, David remembers the fight with the giant Goliath ... With a beautiful picture of the color and color of good music, 'David and Bathsheba' won the Oscar selection in the following categories: Music Structure, Instructions Art and Setting, Case, Stories and Screenplay, and Design Costume.
