Not a fan of the first fighters I was very worried to play this game. After playing demo however I was bought. "Undertake" can pull you into the game and become part of the world in which your character is located. You have this green season, called "Gel'ziabar Stone" has special powers and warns you of certain events or objects. With a special spell "scrye" you can see certain things that would otherwise be visible to you. Walking on the hallway you hear suddenly a whisper of magical stones: "Look", with a stone shining with an example. And then use spell spell you can see some weird and creepy things on painting. Let me tell you to witness such a thing as afraid of hell. People who expect to finish this game for a few hours can forget about that even with the use of cheats. This game depends on the character using wits and walking carefully around. Because if in any movie you scared your environment is usually a beautiful dark. And ghosts and monsters are easily seen when you do not expect and can kill you very quickly. There is this area that you want to enter the room where you push back with such great power that it takes time to realize what happened. This was a place that could come directly out of the "evil" season! In order to gain experience like this is the real efficiency. There are many things that take "Undertake" for the quality of the most horrible ethnic videos that have been produced. But sadly I have to have some mistakes. For one thing, the world you play is great. You start in a big house with all kinds of secrets, secret rooms and even the hidden dimensions of hell is called "Oneiros". That's all good at first. But at all times of loading and several hard enemies among which can be confused. And no map. Game you need to remember your surroundings. So patience is needed. There are also some jumping puzzles that you have to do otherwise you can't continue. I don't know to jump on platforms in the adventures of a third person. But in the first case of a person that can be an irritating task. Luckily you can save at any time and anywhere. And you believe I will need it. In general "Undying" is the first surprise of someone who deserves to play with any awesome fan or game.
