As a man of anti-football, I (on the face) took my little brother to see this film, though I had a secret for it could be East East II. Tractors seemed to be happy and I thought I would give you a go. It took ten minutes but after that I had glued on the screen, and that was not anything and the sand of the neck was caused by staying close to the front from the full hotel. Acting was clean and powerful, the characters involved, and the true joke is funny. The whole park was laughing in every minute or so. A fan of football or no football fan, sports has no meaning for the principles of love, friendship, family, freedom and competition. Add a dash of Sikh culture and you have the best formula of the British comedy I have seen for a long time, not to say .... better than East is East. <br /> <br /> These films include nicely at a steady pace, never sit on anything more than important or stop anything unfinished, keeping the viewer entertaining and mentally involved. Although not a misleading-and-turn film, there are some good surprises on the way and things don't always happen as you would expect. Saying that, there are things to predict but these were used more badly than used as filling script. I think according to your special penchant for fun-ending you can be either pleasant / allowed to end. Of course, if there were any other results I would write a powerful letter to the authors of the script. <br /> <br /> For the characters, I would like to say that Juliet Stevenson (Paula) puts the best performance. I never knew that such people were there but he was realistic and sometimes an extraordinary concept convinced me that they could do! Award for unbelievers (of main characters) may, unfortunately, for Kiera Knightley (Jules), but do not enter into error, even he gave a good performance, only the person who should be the last and best Kiera, this time you are . <br /> <br /> Tip: Don't leave before credit. Once the lights had appeared I realized my fear that maybe I should not see this film after all. My beloved ice junkie but forgot was melted in sugar sugar sugar. Oh, what I say, was the brill completely and I can't recommend it. I will give them a purchase when you leave and add to my video collection 3. I am a student. I just hit out if it's very important.
