My head is still extinguished from the hot coal used when I swore I love this film. Bring on coal; I will walk over them and say again that I love "Bend It Like Beckham." In fact, there is a lot of "despite" in confession. It's a little movie-week; The screenplay is on the side of the color and numbers. And, more surprisingly, the definition of the director means that in the beauty of this film can be found especially among white skins. The goal of the film is not visible to the eye of Syd Field-doctored: arcs character, theme, construction. It's all over the face and what's happening deep down, but it's not in those artistic clay layers that monitors are often seen to start. The power, sometimes the female body's body is not only on display but organizing out of football to do better work to strengthen the strength and strength of the female than Lara Croft or Zhang Ziyi will do. These are real bodies (Keira Knightley except) whose work should not look at the first session and a few later. They are bodies of work which beauty is in their movement and self. And, in my book, actress Parminder Nagra is one of the most beautiful creatures sent to the screen? not only because it can put claim to this invention, "light," but because its functionality is honest and un-bookish mind which is compelling entirely. The result is a film women can enjoy without feeling if they make a contract with the devil to do so. As in the case of Chandi and Mrs. Chadha, the relationship between women has a chemistry that can not be properly integrated into stodgy, Sweet Valley High groups of "best friends" or "sister." Perhaps athletics is appropriate even in his opinion of the flirtation of the film and lesbianism. "Bend it If Beckham" has an electricity that can not be reduced to a simple hetero / homosexual love triangle script typical structure would indicate. The real nature of his pleasure is, finally, a little secret? and it's more than cheating for that. Oh yes, and I told him that it is hilarious?
