The most sad thing about this film is that only 8 people cared to leave their review and NO-ONE saw it necessary to leave comments on message boards. It was the same year as Philadelphia ... Tom Hanks Oscar-winner ... this is a film that people should have seen and given a prize. There is more humanity, life, love, compassion and beauty in these two people than any other gay video I saw ... and it is true. <br /> <br /> For this to be Published I need to leave a few lines of text: it's okay to say that anyone who really wants to know what was like gay in the 60s and 70s, and just understand what AIDS was like pre-drug "cocktails" "allow people to breathe a bit easy ... this is a film to see. <br /> <br /> Oh, and I will add a personal opinion about AIDS. When AIDS first arrived, it was called "gay cancer", and the government preferred "leaving them to death" instead of using a red dot in the study to help save a group of fags, then it became clear that AIDS would also be a reproductive disease. But the government was not ready for it, therefore, direct individuals began to be infected as well as organizations and associations that were found to them were those who had been initiated by homosexuals themselves (examples: names project: the river reminds all of the The death of AIDS, the Law of the Up) As a result, people who may not be able to communicate with homosexuals in their normal life suddenly find themselves counting and needing, because there are no other organizations. This close communication, in my estimates, is finally broke the barriers to discrimination and allow the direct world to finally accept homosexuals as equals. When AIDS came to an epidemic, many of us thought that the world would actually use it as a way of descending even upon us ... and that it would probably be true if the coin was not ill suddenly; however, the measures that have been made in the liberation of homosexuals - for sure that, if I write this, there are at least 5 countries in the world that accept gay marriage - these benefits have probably taken a long time without AIDS to bring us together. It is sad to think that all people - both direct and gay - had to die before our ordinary human being became obvious - but if I write here it is true, and I think it's - then there's a bit of comfort to be taken to realize that people all these have not died for free.
