"Power" sees Chan repeating its "dragon" position from "Master Player". Not much that has been taken from the first film though. "Tiger", his brother, no place to appear; nor Marshall, his daughter or son is not too big with Yuen Biao in the original film. The dragon has not one master though - perhaps all the other students have moved to other things. The laziness of the dragon in the training is shown in this film, so maybe he is still learning!) At the beginning the name of "Sand Teacher In Love", this film sees the dragon (for the first sixty minutes of the moment) looking for a village girl in various idiotic ways slapstick. His opponent for his love is his friend (without his name "Cowboy") played largely by the long-standing Chan Stunt team of Mars. We see different events where their ignorant projects come back. It is one of these events that we (for thanks) we receive "dragon" on his head. This movie is known to have failed to expect at the box office. That said, I am sure the prospects were high, and I feel that this film has never had a fair judgment based on personal characteristics. But even when I try to do that, I still feel there is a problem with the film. It seems quite unknown, sometimes it runs, and I think the move is very common and not as brilliant as another job of Chan since this time. What is really this filming is the last sequence. As in the "Sandy Teacher", there is a wonderful end-of-the-day, full-scale action - you feel every blow. And again, Chan goes on one opponent from "Teacher Player" (it's the same character?), And time and energy here are brilliant. Chan's style of using the last part of its environment to defeat his opponent - not just rely on physical abilities - is evident here as anywhere else. The fight they fight is full of small gags of mind and preference. This is a perfect display of the film and one of the work of the amazing Chan. It is not necessary to see prequel before seeing "dragon", in fact, it can even add more questions than hope to answer. But it should be noted that the original film is the best film, and "Partner", and focus on the girl-chasing and the team-games seems to be bad. Fortunately, a few are fighting with events (with a wonderful location of a transfer-cock) to push on the line as a must-see film in this type.
