Although Louis B. Mayer reported that he had no intention of signing a little Greta Garbo on the contract, this first American and MGM film for the actress looked very good. It is obvious that the film has been given some amazing talent for film production and making a matte painting, for you have a beautiful color and beauty that you expect from the best studio image can produce. It looks just good - even 84 years later. About Garbo himself, like his original American films, he also looks different. When he is well known, his makeup is much smoother than it will be only a year later - give him a little look and gently on him who has not seen him in the following film. I liked if they would continue to watch this, but considering how popular he could have a trademark, who am I saying they would not go that way? The film is about Garbo and how he and his family are forced to leave their land and landlord. When the owner of the house, Doña Bernarda is highly respected, says it is because the bank has demanded to pay the payment, because his son has fallen to Garbo - and it is the best way to run him away than to drive them out on the street! Beautiful woman, huh? Years pass and now Garbo has become a new impression of a popular world. After returning to his home many years later, his old boy (who had promised to marry him but bound while his mother, Doña Bernarda, refused to allow) he saw her. His new love for another woman has now been tested - he will be happy to marry the woman who is the heir of the great fortune of the pig or will want her old fire? And, most importantly, does Garbo even take him after that? Meanwhile, heavy rains fall. The country begins to sink and recent houses are brought down by the flood. Cortez and a friend makes a dash mad as a donkey has broken! In an area where they clearly laid a boat on the river stream, finally makes it alive and home where Garbo now sits. He welcomes them inside and they stay with him until the storm passes. Then, she admits that she still loves her and has witnessed the storm to ensure she was safe. She tells him to go away! Then, you see Ricardo about marrying his second choice, the daughter of the King Pig. He certainly has little interest in this - and you feel sorry for the woman, if he didn't do anything wrong. Recently, Cortez appears to be missing home in Garbo - he loves-patient and needs. In this area, Garbo is very bright and can't tell him to leave - as they break hands. Once again, she tells her love for him. <br /> <br /> When Doña Bernarda learns this, she is not happy. Obviously, the Pig Queen is better than the international singer. Because of the intervention of a good old woman, Garbo keeps - she doesn't want to come between her mother and her beautiful baby. But, Cortez comes running - announcing that he must be with her and he will not rest until he has his wife. Once the statement is made, a family friend talks to Cortez and persuades him to take him to good work and praise. To a large extent "you will not rest until he has his wife", huh? Despite Cortez going through and going through, for some reason she cannot hate him. And so, he gets the Queen of Pig and lives a very good life. After years Garbo meets Cortez again, he is a middle-aged middle-aged man - when he is as good as ever. And, no wonder, he tells her, again, lost. At that time the film was held, Garbo was not a star in the US and Cortez was. So, because of this, it is strange that they gave Cortez character an invisible appearance. Instead of the usual role of Valentino as the role they had been limempa, here he is indecisive wimp - great wimp. And, from here, his work was on a slow drop. In the case of Garbo, the role helped him to seize as a great star - if he was the direction of the film and played a character like a future person. <br /> <br /> As for the film, new music included in it was very good, though tad repeat again. Published, abnormal, was almost entirely except for head cards - which can use other references. The enjoyable film - built with skill, highly wistful and worth seeing. And, for a few times I can imagine it, not a real complaint in this excellent film.
