Torrent's film was the first and last for Greta Garbo. It was his first American film on MGM, the only studio in the United States that he could work. It was also the last time someone else was taken over to them in credit qualities, that is Ricardo Cortez who leads them. <br /> <br /> Torrent depends on the work of the author of Vicente Blasco Ibanez of Entre Naranjos. It deals with two unmarried partners, Garbo and Cortez, who cannot get together, especially because of the murder of Cortez's mother Marta Mattox. Mttox is a wicked woman who has some ideas about who her son should marry. Remember this is Spain and such planned marriages have not yet been correct even then. Mattox has Gertrude Olmstead in mind as a daughter-in-law, she is a descendant of Mack Swain who grew up to be rich in growing. Swain provides short-term comic relief with its sympathetic concern for pigs before growing into a major hammer of the past. <br /> <br /> Blasco Ibanez had the previous novels The Horseman Of The Apocalypse and Blood and Sand previously done by Rudolph Valentino in the lead. It may be interesting if Valentino has done this with Garbo, but it might have been doing more of the film when this has been done. In any event, one of Valentino's couples Ricardo Cortez fills with male leadership. One of the reasons why Valentino could not have wanted this film is because the behavior of the leadership is the Garbo of the difference and the other two jobs mentioned earlier. When he is made unclean by Cortez who does Mattox and his bank 'consultant' Tully Marshall told him, he leaves Spain and goes to France where he becomes a great star of opera. And it causes a scandal life there. <br /> When he returns to Spain and tries to restore things, Mattox is more angry. She has a political career for her son. Cortez now runs the Spanish Parliament which is well-known Cortes. The head means floods and breaks the pond to cause all sorts of effects in the camp. Cortez actually drops Torrent in a row boat trying to save Garbo from the harmful effects. When they meet together they have a brutal discussion, violence from Garbo. <br /> <br /> Special effects here, primitive though they seem to be now amazing for their time. They look similar to shots used in the 20th of the Rainy season that came in 1939 and that won Oscar for Special Effects. Unfortunately for Torrent it happened one year before Oscar made its start. I will not give you any end in order to see the film to find out if Cortez and Garbo are joining at the end. Garbo certainly won a rave review for his performance and in the age when the widespread signs were common in the silent screens, he had extraordinary maneuvers in his place. So he would be all his work, he had a wonderful face for the feet. Even though Greta Garbo would continue to work better than Torrent, this film is still a good start for its great American screens and holds very well for today's audience.
