MGM was not sure how to sell Garbo when he came to Hollywood. The mayor had many beliefs in him and his appearance in the "Torrent" certainly that. He did not speak the English word so he must be difficult to work, as well as Ricardo Cortez did not make it much easier for him. The head of the head is the river of the river which the wind through the little village slept in Spain. Leonora (Greta Garbo) expects one day that his voice will bring great wealth and joy to his struggling parents. Leonora and Don Rafael (Ricardo Cortez) are in love but he is under his mother's finger and can't allow him to agree with his marriage. Meanwhile Dona Brull (Martha Mattox) has dismissed Leonora's parents from her home and sent Leonora to Paris hoping to give her a chance to continue her singing career. Leonora sends a letter to Rafael, asking him to remember his promise and come with him. Her mother is angry and stops her from going - so of course she does her request. <br /> <br /> Years passed. Leonora has a new identity - has been La Brunna, the Opera to Paris. Rafael is seen as his mother wished - runs the job and runs the girl "safe", Remedios (Gertrude Olmstead) who is "hogi" heiress. Mack Swain plays his father. Leonora decides to visit his old home, and I agree - why he didn't help his mother out. His mother still lives at home, working as a skivvy and washing. Leonora and Rafael meet but Leonora is full of shock. Garbo is very good, it's hard to believe that he could have fun with Remedios. The dam is bursting and the torrent flows into the city. Leonora's house is on the rough path but Rafael is trying to save her she sees she is completely safe. They then influence their love. There is an incomparable "love picture" in this film, similar to one in "Meat and Devil". Dona Brull may spread rumors about how Leonora got his wealth and Leonora's mother trusted him and told Leonora to go. Rafael meets with just Leonora before it comes to America. He also expects to go with him but also allows him. He spends a lot of time listening to others destroying his reputation - "what he will do but find you". The anger is that he has got a high government job for him if he comes with him. They meet again, many years later - he is clean and strong as at all - he looks older than his years, bent down with mediocrity. It is certainly a good video with good news to follow your heart Lucien Littlefield is doing a good job like Cupido, an old and loyal friend of Leonora. Highly recommended.
