I was given the opportunity to see this 1926 film in a very restored reminder that was once part of a comprehensive series of vaudeville houses. This paramount has a powerful Wurlitzer tool? it was also very restored - which was used to accompany the silent films of the day. We were fortunate enough to have Dennis James, an important example in the global revival of the silent films at Mighty Wurlitzer to play the right music and romantic songs suitable for action on the film. The printing was a completely copy of the negative digital negative of negative nitrate and all the experience was a once-in-a-lifetime view of the silent film as required to appear. This is the first American film of Greta Garbo. He was only 20 years old but had already 6 Swedish films in his repertoire. It is amazing that this is a silent film about the opera star; although the Powerful Wurlitzer added so much to the mise-en-scene, it was necessary to leave too much for thought. <br /> <br /> Modern listeners, for the most part, don't understand silent movies? The work was different from, and the signs of expansion and short face words. So the audience laugh at the wrong times? Acting looks like a hammy 'and has been done more? but it was just the style of the period. Garbo, with all his deception, made a lot of entry into the new age of action: he could say more with the half-eye eye and the amount could be read at a low or shrug view. He illustrates the truism that 'the image has a thousand words'. Although this is the first American film of Garbo it is quite clear the studio knew what they had with their hands: This was the best MGM film. Sets and clothes were very good. Special effects? which at today's standards are very weak? they were still playing electricity and surprising. <br /> <br /> The Vicente Blasco Ibanez document (from the novel and Entre Naranjos) seems to have been made to Garbo; shows his ability, honors his wealth and no problem of pesky language address: Swedish actor can play Spanish striker without suspension on our side. <br /> <br /> His co-star was MGM's answer to Rudolph Valentino: Ricardo Cortez. He does a beautiful job and does something that a few romantic stars of that day would have been done in the film: allowing himself to be seen without any involvement, seem to be ignorant and actively growing. <br /> <br /> There are some fairly good part of the behavior that is more than enough did? especially when you think the power that was Garbo. The expert among them is Lucien Littlefield as Cupido 'and Martha Mattox as' Doña Bernarda Brull. 'That is when the wonderful movies, William H. Daniels, met Garbo? continued to make 20 films together. (He was a film of 157 movies and his work was five decades!) He was able to catch his beauty and it was his image which was mainly associated with the moniker that emerged: Divine Garbo. Without his great power there will be no success that he had. See this film is all-anonymous opportunity: if you get a chance, don't miss it.
