Recap: Zandalee is a young woman who feels more and more bound in her marriage with Thierry. Thierry himself struggles with his father's death last year and has lost his way. He has appeared in the work, has put his writing, and Zandalee loses his attraction. In this comes Johnny, and former friend Thierry who once were deported artists. But Johnny has continued to beat the painting, and just have a day's work for rent. He takes the day as it comes and is traveling tomorrow to his destiny. There is a strong rapid attraction between Zandalee and Johnny, and they come into the matter. But Zandalee is struggling with her desire to desire and her conscience and love for her husband. But none of them, not Zandalee, is not Johnny and not Thierry can stop relations between them to avoid completely without control. <br /> <br /> Comments: Installed as a thriller. But maybe more cheerful than the usual thriller where it is about life and death, and the threat of violence. It is not that the heart of the heart cannot take a bad number, but the threat comes from different angles. And it is not true until the second half in Zandalee until the series occurs, and even though its foundation is set in the first half, I cannot describe it as a thriller then. The most romantic player than anything else, but with the lower currents of other types. Continuous Thriller is still there, but it also has more than a little tint of emotional emotional. Because that's all, what leads the characters and therefore the whole story. Interested. Need to be, and need to be. In my opinion it is very good, definitely more beautiful than its current level (4.1). It takes time but it gets a good feeling of suspension, and it holds the erotic part very well, to taste. It is always an important part of the story, it needs to be present to give the story needed weight, and I have never seen it was an excuse to show a breast chest or anything like that. But unfortunately the culmination of the story comes well before the end, and the latter itself feels a kind of flat, even if in its own way it is strange. <br /> <br /> Posted by surprises, led by known as Nicholas Cage and Judge Reinhold. But the show has almost stolen by Erika Anderson. Good and very knowledgeable when making a sense at a certain time of trick, he becomes a Cage and Reinhold sometimes goes on a bot and becomes very bad. His future work is too narrow for the talent he shows in Zandalee, I can just hope it because of his own choice. Also two personal interests arise in small roles that provide extra edge for movies, Steve Buscemi and Joe Pantoliano. <br /> <br /> When you have a good feeling this is a very good movie, it may have used another end to get the right credit. <br /> <br /> 7/10
