I saw 'New York: I love you' today and love! I had a desire to see this after looking at Paris 't'aime' and generally I thought I loved this very much ... Maybe I need to look at 'Paris je t'aime' again I don't know .. I read a few comments on NY: ILY and yes, the film does not exist. When you pay taxes to the city like New York - it can be very damaging and nothing seems to be the right to make the city because of fairness ... so without describing any shortcomings of the film, I'll just write about what I liked. Unlike the 'Paris je t'aime' which each director's small film was installed well with its name, NY: ILY is not many critics and here they have found a solution to the story and interact with the characters here and hear it even mix. I thought otherwise. I liked how the stories circled one after another and I really liked to interact with the characters - it may be bad because it has been done many times in the movie now. But I still loved it because I was not forced. And the idea that we are all connected at the end has a wistful, even modern quality so - which others can get corny but I get good. <br /> <br /> I liked all the movies but one that touches me most is one of Yvan Attal and Robin Wright Penn and Chris Cooper. It had been done well and it was written that it was revealed at the end - it was not used in the past - it brought me tears and I was crying in the next place. I loved Wright Penn all day and now I'm a fan of Chris Cooper. These few precious seconds when standing alone out of the restaurant, before you get a call - the bulk of talking about the ability of Cooper's presentation of the character to be just there without saying anything. Most of the stories in this film include characters who may meet each other for the first time or have encountered recently except for 4-5 stories that participants have known for a long time. It seemed to me (and I might be wrong) that the stories were different but they were all trying to run the house, even need to, go back and see for the new light people and things we knew in our life for a long time; to see people and things close to the visitor's eyes and to know them as you did when you met them and saw them for the first time. Other movies I liked were Shunji Iwai and Orlando Bloom and Christina Ricci, and Natalie Portman and Carlos Acosta and Taylor Geare, and Brett Ratner and Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirlby, and Shekhar Kapur and Julie Christie, Shia LaBeouf and John Hurt and once again with Yvan Attal and Ethan Hawke and Emilie Ohana when they are in café. I really need to see more work with Yvan Attal as I seem to love him very much! Overall, look at this film with an open mind. Do not read the review before watching it! It can live according to your expectations of what the film and on the love in New York should have me doubt that any movie will be alive until that pregnancy. Just watch this movie for some good music, a good movie show, a piece of life and a story or two that can just touch your heart.
