New York, I love you finally make it on our coast, but its 10 love stories somehow did not get a reason for the release of Valentine's Day, perhaps because of the fact that this year's festival also falls on Lunar New Year, and that comes to the film The most common LNY blockbuster from Jackie Chan's likes (no, not the Spy Gate) and the local filmmaker Jack Neo who has released his latest film over the same period to extend the success. So why create a non-broken form? <br /> <br /> Continue in the concept where Paris, The T'aime has started producing the City of Love Franchise (Shanghai will be next, so it says the end of the last credit here), buzz here is definitely about the interactive stories set in one of the The cities of the world allow different interpretations from film writers everywhere to come with stories related to love as a head, though someone probably forgot to tell Scarlett Johansson some of the best points in sandbox rules, and its shortness had been reduced from the show version for missing The ability to enter everything else (well, shot with white and white color), but here we'd be doing it to the DVD at least. Normally, this series is not comparable to its predecessor, which if memory serves me had a personal story set in its bonds and never breaks out of its fake boundaries. Here are the smallest ways, where the characters from various stories interact in the shortest filling groups are used to blow up the bridges together, and not just joining on taking shots built by buildings and landscapes, hoping to make things seem a little more serendipitous with the idea of encounter luck among the aliens, although one story of the trick adopted these ideas for his explanatory offer, although it has already proved to Paris. One of the top draws by staying through a film like this, is the power of the creation behind the story, from authors, directors and cinema movies from geographies and different crystal backgrounds in the city's multilateral structures, coming together for the fancy film . And what is the most starred star, and the big names among all the known ones are photographing through perfect displays, for a very long time, or as a building aid. You can not deny the star-looking star for better identification, from Irrfan Khan to Natalie Portman (who also had the text and leading roles), Rachel Bilson (looking like Bardot) for Spielberg blue eye boy Shia LaBeouf, who can wonder what he can do, and shows more in a few minutes here than all its films so far. <br /> <br /> Story of wisdom, like any anthology, you will find some that will find appeals to you, and to others who provide 't. Some are straightforward in nature, while others should come up with a bad change that shared with gratitude. But these 10 stories plus 1 (because Randall Balsmeyer was given the task of integrating everything for a more organic feel rather than just voting for the lesser places and the introduction of the introduction) somehow did not have any "anything going" soul from for its predecessor, and the stories are increasingly rooted in truth, compared with other fantastic elements in the previous film (Elijah Wood's cooperation with anyone with a vampire?), or even under adventurous and his style of stories (Christopher Doyle and Tom Tykwer with Natalie Portman) Here it seems that the authors of the film chose very much, and nobody gets into the spirit of adventure and experiment. A few few aside, I was enjoying almost all the shorts here, contrary to what many others felt about it. A short film of the film is still alive, and putting them together in the bottom of the banner of the banner of the banner works well, and helps me to ask if other cities have been incorporated or entered into its line. I hope that maybe the franchise will continue to spread its influence here. We certainly have enough filmmakers to connect Singapore, I Love You, so here I am crossing his fingers that maybe something will open down the road. Otherwise there is always Sawasdee Bangkok way to do just without any attachments to house franchise rules.
