Bonanza had a great victory for wonderful actors. Lorne Greene, Pernell Whitaker, Michael Landon, Dan Blocker, and even Guy Williams (as a cousin who was brought to several events during 1964 to select Adam when leaving the series). Release had chemistry, and seemed to really like each other. That made many more weak stories work better than they should have. It also made many good stories in a great western ceremony. <br /> <br /> Like any show that was shot on thirty events each season, there are some that become weak. However, often each section had an interesting story, some sort of conflict, and resolutions that did not include violence. When Bonanza was in the west, the weapon was never a major attraction. When I am a fan of The Rifleman and You Want: Dead Or Alive; These indicate often ended with gunfight. How many of the western gunfights have solved each crisis, and Bonanza was very different in trying to find resolutions and peace instead of killing. In the early years of Bonanza, there are interesting events that include a lot of guns. These events have been opposed to the series of series, but are good and itself. In 1964, when Pernell Whitaker wanted to leave the show, Guy Williams was brought to charge him. Williams was playing the role of a long-lost cousin. Unfortunately, Whitaker decided to stay one more year, and so Williams was written out of the series when he left to get married to Adam's old daughter. If Williams was left for Bonanza's time, one could only wonder how much better the series was in the years after 1965, when Pernell Whitaker came out of the show. Of course, once Pernell Whitaker left the series, the stories focused on the comedy and hijinks of the country. Whitaker was often played heavy in many cases, and his absence did not leave empty in cast. Little Joe always wanted to play a good child, and Hoss wanted to play a good old boy with a heart of gold. Since Ben was a wise and wise man of the family, he did not leave them a very large space for any weapon. At one time they hired a ranch's handball (David Canary) who was their fourth member of the cast, but Candy has never been associated with any weapon, and had no more than the old version of Little Joe. For a year or two they also had Ben to take on another lost cousin (Jamie, played with Mitch Vogel who remembered) a young man who often had a problem with someone. It seems to add a young man, the label was looking to attract a small audience. It also gave the authors the opportunity to write events about youth problems, alcohol, damage, etc.. These types of preaching events were popular in the 1960s as the media response to the introduction of anti-cultural movements. Dragnet was probably the most popular source of law and ordering TV, although Hawaii 5-0, The F.B.I. and other exhibitions he also tried to jump on the tracks by making television shows that were unresponsive and resulting in evil, emotion, and crime. Adding to the boy by throwing gave Cartwrights a lot of opportunities to show up and solve problems, but these events feel very much and are not generally good. After Dan Blocker die, the series has dropped for another year or so before deletion. The last season was so bad, as you showed a little bit of Joe's tracking down his wife's killers, and many events were slowing because Little Joe had often been drinking or remembering how much he loved his wife, and how well he was killed. I don't think I've ever seen the last part of the series, and I wonder if they've ever officially closed it in some way. Last year, there was only Ben (Lorne Greene) who lived in Ponderosa, as Adam had moved (and never came once as a guest) and Hoss died and Little Joe remained after his wife (in the series) were killed by drifters. <br /> <br /> Overall, the era from 1959-1965 is the best of this series. Immediately after Adam left, it gradually decreased. Most of the exhibitions before the 1970s are also good. In 1970, the series tried to be difficult to hip and head, and had lost a lot of western flavor. Adding candy and baby boy also reduces the overall rate of show, and Hoss's death (Dan Blocker) was the last nail. Bonanza is probably the best western way you have ever had, and of the 465 events produced, at least one hundred is a good western game! That's a very good record. Even the worst Bonanza is better than many TV shows.
