My opinion is usually reduced to the first season, 1959-60. This beautiful series was the first to be a television in color, and was very influential in persuading Americans that they had to buy a television set, which was about $ 800 in 1959, equivalent to more than $ 3,000 today. How many of us can pay this amount to the opportunity to watch the show released by the cathode ray tube photo on 17 inch screens? I was eleven when the series started, and I looked at it from the beginning. Look at it now, 50 years later, several things come to mind. First, many lines of the story include the Comstock Line and the heyday of silver mining, which gets in 1859. In 1859, weapons and clothing are largely incorrect. (The direction of hair is left out to talk.) That is essentially nitpick. And, it is impossible for Ben to have arrived in the area of ​​Lake Tahoe in 1839 and is bound to 100- Square square miles in the next twenty years. Founders were still trying to solve the Sierra Nevada problem at the end of 1847, and Gold Rush did not start until two years later. The Indians don't play with American actors. John Ford was using American American actors in the 1920s. Bonanza producers could easily be made thirty years later. That's a great nitpick for me. <br /> <br /> There are other time problems. In the 1st Season, Mark Twain appears, and is shown as a middle-aged man. Mark Twain was 24 years old in 1859. The stories have also emerged between 1859-1860 (the Civil War) and what is most suitable for 1880. There are ongoing problems, from time to time. <br /> <br /> It's far off-set, too, that there are many murders in the first season. Over time, the killings were reduced. Most places take a social slantor, which can be hard to believe, due to the time line, but to give credit authors in anticipation of seismic changes in the National View began in the early 1960s. > <br /> After saying all of this, acting is good, and I have come to the end of my last years that Adam's behavior was made better than any other. I don't think Pernell Roberts has ever got the credit he deserves. Also, Season 1 emphasizes the fact that Dan Blocker (Hoss) was a good actor. Many stories refer to real historical events. Visitors' stars were attracted. It was a good family entertainment, and the same series stands for any measure.
