I grew up in this western tribal series, and as a child thinks it is being allowed to stay at the end of Sunday evening to look at it. Bonanza is no longer recognized during flight. This series shows the events of the Cartwright family, who live on the ranch near Virginia City, Nevada near the period of civil war. Their Ranch (called Ponderosa) is driven by a father who was a widow, Ben, and his three single sons, Adam, Hoss, and Little Joe. The three brothers have different mothers, all of whom have been many years before. The library of Cartourights is a hard, successful, and honorable, highly respected place in those areas. Ponderosa is great to reach its end requires lots of horses. Also, a long journey is often needed to buy or sell cattle and so on. Without saying, few of these trips cause no matter what. Although they are aliens, most of the energy of Cartwrights should be used to defend their ranch from partners, or to protect themselves from urbanization of their welfare and stellar reputation. Cartwrights make a little right to throw their guns on the air and such, but just shoot to kill when they seem quite useful. They are involved in various aspects of the city, even the political life of Nevada district. One of the main properties of the series is the basic temperature that is requested (despite frequent variations) between Ben and his three sons, and (with frequent variations) between three brothers. Now, one brother can beat another one all the time, but usually he has good reason at that time and his anger is not a long time! All characters are provided very well. Ben is portrayed as a successful and honored man. The first son, Adam, the most intelligent and the suave of the brother, came from the middle of the series. The middle brother, Hoss, is the quickest of the teddy bear, who has a strong appetite and is a little shy around women. The youngest boy, Little Joe, is the head of the fire, who is so nice, who, in contrast, has a good way for women. These three brothers enjoy different conversations but their interest in love is usually killed by the end of the period or another marriage proves it is impossible, for any reason. All officials are joining their roles, including Pernell Roberts (Adam), Dan Blocker (Hoss), Michael Landon (Little Joe), and of course Lorne Greene being a family pastor, Mr. I also like to cook ranch, Hop Sing, played by Victor Sen Yung. This is an extraordinary process filled with the West and good values. Cartwrights are always good heroes and many of the worst villainous people. If only there were more plans like this on the west of the TV on these days!
