Walt Disney and its 9 Old men have gotten their 1950 stories of Cinderella's story, which I think you can say helps make the "fairy tale princess trilogy" odd from the classic Disney years. <br /> <br /> PLOT: Cinderella is a beautiful girl who can't get a break. She is the daughter of a good widow, very rich, but her mother died when Cinderella was very young, and Cindy's father felt that she needed a mother figure, so eventually married a woman who would be known as Lady Tremaine, herself a widow and two daughters on The same age as Cinderella, Anastasia and Drizella. At first they all seemed to be together, but Cinderella's father died, and the truth of Lady Tremaine was revealed - she was a cold, cruel, uncomfortable woman, who had spiritual strength, and gave her praise to her daughters. , which were destroyed, cruel, and meant equally with spirited. Anastasia & Drizella hates Cinderella because they know the depth of looking better with the most attractive woman than themselves (ie, more than men), and their mother, Lady Tremaine, hates Cindy for many similar reasons. For many years, Lady Tremaine began to run the family's fortress with a stubborn but unsuspecting effort to improve / disfigure his unwanted daughters (to call them "homely" would be an insult to respectable people everywhere) while all three of them were cinderella being a taskmaster. most of the house, using him, treating him and calming every opportunity they get (they particularly enjoy raising his workload of extraordinary work). That brings us to Cinderella at the moment, where she has grown up in a beautiful woman who can continue to remain good and beautiful despite her abusive family and holds the hope that one day the table will turn. Cinderella gets his shot in freedom and joy when the royal ball takes place to establish a local headman for a beautiful girl to take him as a wife, turn, start a family, etc.. Typically, his step-family tries to stop him from attending, even going to a physical defeat and denying his own clothing (with little help from his friends - the dress of his biological mother). Finally he ran over his breaking point, Cinderella enters the flower and weeps for despair. It is then that the woman of God of fairy, a short, shrewd woman, comes out and gives Cinderella and transportation and changeable clothes (after all, Cinderella cannot make a very good impression on the ball if she went into the checking area if she had just got a gang raping). Cindy came to the ball, Prince fell hard, but the midnight night rule gets on the way, forcing him to run, but leaving behind a spoon of glass. Making a long story short - after a long attempt to disrupt the girl's secret through a mirror attempt, Cinderella is found by her and the prince is married, giving her the ultimate happiness. Overall, Disney is very fun. Not without his mistakes, which is very high in which the Prince is a little more than the MacGuffin to help push the plot together - he has a very short time of text and even talk down, so we don't know him well or get a good look at his relationship with Cinderella (which is lucky). since, according to the text of the document, the Prince had meant to play a great role), and some extra incidents of helping the body out of Cinderella himself could be beneficial (there was a song that showed fantasizing of turning into the girls' army cleaning the house as well as relaxing on its family-post-ball to show him the amusement of their envy, which was cut because Walt himself thought to make him look sympathetic. However, Cinderella himself is a delightful heroine, even if he has been raised by his friends of the mouse, and there is beauty for a film that becomes harder to find these days. Of course, if this would have been done now, Cinderella would probably have put more than a fight against his family during bursting clothing dress and would undoubtedly indulge himself at the peak (either by swinging himself or making a fly could not be throwing down from his window) but this is far from the point. <br /> <br /> And for all who say Cinderella sets a bad example for young girls, well, consider this - at least Cinderella did not go around getting public drunken and clear, unlike some modern "royal" days (you know who I mean).
