As a little boy, I always hate the kind of "Cinderella," since I was taken by my two sisters when my parents were thinking about the movie Disney's purchase. I wanted "Dumbo," but my sisters won, and we found "Cinderella." They enjoyed very much the movie when I sulked back to the room playing with my star Star action figure. <br /> <br /> has been changed since then. My love of the Garden of Disney Land gave me skills at Walt Disney World, and now I have two young people. I would like to show you Disney as much as I could, and soon we watched "Cinderella" together. With my new thanks to everything that is Disney, I watched "Cinderella" for a new perspective and I was attracted to what I saw. <br /> <br /> From the beginning of the film, however, I did not really understand why Cinderella was bound in a very bad situation. Why was he a slave to his first family, and why could he run? I was not very sympathetic to Cinderella, but as the story continued, I found myself in the story. Perhaps the eye-eye animation or characters who want to have fun to pick me up, or maybe it was a timeless song. Listen to the sound as "Bibbidy-Bobbidy-Boo" and "A Dream is Your Wish Heart Make" kind of whisked me back to the garden theme. I can brag on myself in such an uncomfortable and happy atmosphere as you look at Cinderella's fortress. Something about this movie gives only the magic of Disney. That can make many people laugh at him, but go to the Kingdom of Magic and see all the girls dressed like Cinderella who are thrilled to be in this fantasy world, and you will know what I'm talking about. Images of Cinderella and slipper of glass - with Mickey Mouse, Winnie the Pooh, and Tinkerbell - is why Disney is one of the most popular companies around the world. While "Cinderella" may not be a powerful story, it is an iconic form in the history of Disney and the film. It represents that happy, idealistic, and wonderful-as wonderful wonder we held when we were children. I think this movie has many implications for many people, many out there. It may not be my favorite Disney movie, but it represents all that I like and interesting about the Company. <br /> <br /> My IMD Test: 10/10. Yahoo! Bridge: A (Bora)
