People criticize the features of Disney's 1950s for being more surprising, putting on a theme that is very common. Criticism is the same. And still can not be the whole story, for two smaller reasons - "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan" - also weak. "Cinderella", on the other hand, has been installed in the world where the dirt rises, is quite clear. <br /> <br /> INAONA look good. Nature is cunning and consistent; The colors are clean without being very bright. Animation differs slightly. I swear that some human beings are better - but then, people with tips (including Cinderella yourself) are not full-blooded characters in the script, so this technique works well. It is really the animals that make the film. I think the label has never been used completely by animals this way before, as totems instead of string. Mouse, for example, is the organism that draws us to the story; but they are representatives of Cinderella without more color. Cat, Lucifer, is a kind of a familiar wizard to the Wife's Wife. (Cat is a good and animated pregnancy - one of the best feline's creatures at all times. The animator administrator was Kimball's Ward and he modeled on his own cat. from the main story. Their actions are of great interest only by the light of the main story. Among the most popular people used are the King and Grand Duke. The king is one character of the note - he wants grandchildren and seems to have no other desire at all - but the newspaper is being beaten in a fashionable manner. The Great Duke is a tendency to put on who is worthy to be raised out of his sphere as Cinderella does. (Although he, of course, is rich.) <br /> <br /> "Cinderella" is the return of Disney to the post after hiatus of eight years, and therefore neither to any other movie could fix the sharp care of years its early. Moreover he did things hard to take "Cinderella". She is a heroine of stupid and nobody can do about it. (Maybe I am wrong about this logo - I haven't seen recently "Ever After".) Yet it is amazing how Disney was able to bring this unpleasant story to life, without cutting the grain of her spirit.
