The storyteller Walt Disney brought three of the world's most popular stories on the screen. They remain among the most popular animations of all time. The first was his fantastic classic "Snow White and Seven Children" released in 1937. The latter was down-down "Sleeping Beauty" under the interest that made it a beginning in 1959. In between these two it was perhaps her to deal with the satisfaction of The classic story story: "Cinderella" (1950). Among the three films, "Cinderella" is one faithful to its origin. Amazingly, unlike "Snow White", which for better or worse, it became the last version of the story. "Cinderella" did not follow the same way. Although it was hit and, like "Snow White", it had the responsibility to restore Disney deficit, you have never recognized the same recognition of viewers who certainly deserve it. Disney, at once, boasted himself, choosing not to lose and the classic, rather than defining and adding substances to the story, instead of rewriting the screen. The results were happy. The best combination of beautiful animations (at the best Technicolor) and the full sound of the voices brought the story to life and the wind tolerant to this day. Ilene Woods, who was a radio actor, wrote recordings of songs as a favor to authors, Al Hoffman, Mack David, and Jerry Livingston. When Disney heard, she knew she had found her Cinderella. And indeed he was. The words of the Woods' hearts are "fantasies of Your Heart", "So This Is Love" and "Oh Sing Sweet Nightingale" is perfect. Eleanor Audley, who would continue to talk to Maleficent in the "Beauty Sleep", was captured with the care of the mother of your mother, while Rhoda Williams and Lucille Bliss were very suitable. Luis Van Rooten worked as King and Grand Duke, and James Macdonald liked as Jaq and Gus, Cinderella's mice. William Phipps has a few conversations as the chief (future discussion of the army Mike Douglas gave his voice of singing) but the old movie (and Disney), Verna Felton was born to play the mother's gold, and made the best number, (Oscar-chosen " Bibbid-Bobbidi-Boo "his own stop." Among the artists involved with the "look" for the film, was Mary Blair, whose color was very interesting to Disney. His elegant French-period status greatly enhances the quality of the film. But, most important of all 'are trusted characters - from Cinderella, under Lucifer, mother of you bad. They bring life and vibrancy to the story told often, something that is very difficult to create in an animation film. In collaboration with the 55th anniversary of the film, (and, unfortunately, the coming holiday season) "Cinderella" is released on a special DVD version. It has never been better. The fully restored film should be seen to be counted - it is enough to say, it looks amazing. Enhanced voice sound is added, and you serve music better. Extra DVD, is now the most common part of Disney Platinum Editions, is too many to list here, but as usual, some are directed to children, some plant to adults, and others fall somewhere in between. But true fans will want to get the Gift of Deluxe Gift, because, with a real cell from the film and eight character traits, it includes a hardback book on page 160, which does not only contain many of the material found in the book and version of 1995 home video release, but much more. As usual for Disney, "Cinderella" will only be available at a limited time. So, if I, you're a lover of "Cinderella", get it now! This version is "Dream Come True."
