I sit through movies like "Tiempo de valientes" and I want to talk about movies for an hour. The surprise of this film causes me to be beyond my limits of the details, because I look at the events of the film and I search within my ideas for making films and innovative dialogue that can come from something bigger than Damian Szifron's mind. <br /> <br /> Looking at the environment, so it's not easy, it's simple, I think; this person is a professional. Not surprisingly he created what is the best television show Argentina has already seen, and then the first movie full of some of the modern directors still remains. "El fondo del mar" is a name and, awakened (a few years ago), my passion for our daily movies. Starting his journey from everyday life of people, Szifron goes where Pablo Trapero could never be in "El Bonaerense"; The life of the Federal Police Department. Trapero's film was a journey into the mind and experience of man, not in places he saw. Yes, there was extensive training and many cases of crime, but Szifroni "inside", his story is more than a detective, like what we knew and loved, and mysteries and exciting music. <br /> But there is a lot of humanity in his writing, and he shows us his observations through the eyes of his great characters, Alfredo Díaz and Mariano Silverstein. There are many highly qualified actors in the film, but these two actors are the ones that the film cannot do without. The first character (Luis Luque) is a detective who has sought his wife cheats on it; and should work in the case. <br /> <br /> The second is a psychiatrist who is given a detective treatment. He wants to meet him at regular sessions but sheriff uses the time benefits and shows that he is joining Díaz in his actions: "It's nothing, ordinary things, no problem". But it is bigger than that, and it will open a part of the doctor's personality that you don't know. A continuous relationship between the two guidelines cannot be explained unless it is shown, because it refers to the difficulty that shows how skilled people like Szifron are trying, today, to sign in our history. To reach enough points normally, during high pressure, Díaz tells Silverstein: "How do we treat our treatment?" And Silverstein responds: "No, I am not your doctor. Your friend": we laugh because we can't help. And we can't help laugh when Díaz is driving on the road and doesn't pay attention, or when he's guilty of all red lights on the street, or when he pulls a pot in his police patrol and Silverstein can't believe it (but also smokes too because it has increased); or when Silverstein tries to be friendly with Díaz's friends of thieves. Magic from Diego Peretti is what we receive there. He, a psychologist, gives a performance in the program "Locas de amor", but it attracts all its forms. Luis Luque on the other hand, is back on the track with a top notch picture that reminds us of a good actor he is. I have a passion for this, and as I said, I could write about it for hours, but unfortunately it doesn't work and I must be right and summarized. Although I must look at many old films and learn, I could assure them that "Tiempo de valientes" is Argentina who has been standing and has never come so far.
