I think it's Ebert who gave Stella four to four but, instead, I've never read a good review of this incomprehensible game about class issues, love, and offerings (three stories of love more or more films). Here is the main theme is class division. Stella is a story from the time of America's bitterness. That said, it was interpreted by the screens then in such a way that this remake (if you ask a fan of Stanwyck or two) was not very well known. The original fans did not give you a chance. In addition, this version of Stella took place in the 1990s, not during the financial crisis in the United States (such as depression). It is now time to remove the glasses of colors, in the middle of the new economic and poverty-stricken America, and see that this powerful story is still realistic, timely and timely, as in any time, in its appointed format. <br /> <br /> Yes, the class divides the main theme here. Stella is among the poorest, widows, who have a great dream but little hope of realizing these dreams. She works on the bar, they do not have a lot of money, she lives in the crummy apartment. You get a drift. In the morning, she does not want to leave the bed. On its wall, the image of the film stars is increasing. A person sees his dance on the bar. She is rich, educated, from one of the high-class families that are not like Stella. His main issues are what league league students attend, he is how to pay taxes, how to have "fun". Affected. They like. Stella ends up pregnant. Stella tells the story. His answer? "How about pregnancy?" He replied, "I wanted a room full of balloons." He gives the balloons, and the proposal, but sees his heart is not in him, and he is very proud to accept. Sending him while loading. His daughter is finally broken between two lives - the love she has for her mother and the happiness and joy and love she has made with her rich father. Stella, alone and unwilling, and did not want her daughter to be as happy as one day, making the final sacrifice. He offers only the love and joy he has ever known to ensure the joy of his daughter, and perhaps live near, and hopefully, knowing that at least his daughter has found something to live. <br /> Now, for the film. Everything is right about it. Beautiful logo, the art of art, good design set (the difference between the two life, the good works and the decorated houses), the wonderful and heartwarming performances and the whole stripes, and Bette Midler, in particular, worthy Oscar. <br /> This is a film that is very important and done better than you led to believe.
