where the fossil stories of boiling Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler are linked to movies as a fox in chicken collaboration - in fact creating a modern modern American style and fashion in the process - those of what is known as the Golden Age story any feeling. The problem of books such as Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayers or SS Van Dine (whose work is based on the work), is that they do not work or type - when Sam Spade or Philip Marlowe are passing through the LA's roads, work of tenements, The bars, offices, wealthy homes, and the risk of all the disasters and violence, the legendary Golden Age story are generally placed in the area, the scene of the massacre, usually an impressive country house, and the point is limited to detecting symptoms and interviewed suspects. This is a very good procedure, a plot that has been reduced to a puzzle. This, of course, is as ideological as anything else, the Golden Age stories dealing with a society of hate change and movement; boiled novels recording the truth of the cities are increasingly moving from the center (authority, and city), split up to hate camps, forever and lawless. Another big problem with the golden story of age is character - because we can't know the answer to the crime until the end, we cannot get the sensitization of characters or feelings, only explained by their need to kill. Investigation, unlike the eyes of concern, associated with abuse, is only there to be brilliant, and perhaps a little eccentric. <br /> <br /> The problem of many films from the Golden Age books is that they are trying to be a shortage of Ivory Merchant / Jane Austen school, and end up looking silly. There was a success, for example the great reworkings of Queen Ellery and others with Claude Chabrol. In English, there are actually only two. The classic Alistair Sim, 'Green for Danger', works because it pushes the form closer to being aware, while it does not provide integrity or privacy interests. Before that came Michael Curtiz's 'Death of the Kennel Case'. The story is Golden Age clean. The disgusting behavior has been brought in who gives the accused many reasons to kill him. He was certainly killed in a seemingly treacherous way, showing suicide, and fell into a closed room. Caricature policemen fall to disappointment for bait. It is by Philo Vance, a gentleman and an amateur detective, nor an old man or a fat, to read more advice on clarity, opening a case outside the room, and finally solving the case, the corpse is a little more than an excuse for mental stimulation. What is interesting is not a spying plot - which can only endorse as a whole solution is - though it is rarely less than entertainment, and full of business bits. There is no attempt to 'delete' a full screening image - there is one terrible place where the brutal sergeant threatens to accuse the accused, without protests from Vance, but that's about it. <br /> <br /> What 'Kennel' logo as classic is its modern. Curtiz is not usually considered to be the great author, because it has no consistent theme or evidence of artistic development. But he was the most famous of Hollywood, and he is on the form of feeling here. as the story of the exploration of the Golden Age is just a puzzle, Curtiz takes this idea to be a strictly tough, creating a different abstract on its source, reducing stories, character and location for geometry, a series of lines, from a good-deco art gallery for the movement of glorious cameras that come suddenly from the emerging structure, and, if they hit a sudden horn, it dies a dead death. This treatment is appropriate for a story that denies true originality, a model that turns a spotlight in a mirror hall, like two middle brothers, or an original crime, borrowed from ' The secret secret. ' This fantasy world of the richest people who collect Eastern orders ('Moonstone' shadows), Chinese authorized officials, pastoral breeders, dog breeders, Runyonesque fighters, is a full settlement of Vance, someone they like stop the cruise to Europe to the fanciful hunters, who knows the social world of these people, and still feels for his interest in crime and communion with the police, or it would be if he had nothing more than a thinking machine, William Powell, the greatest player of the The ten-year-old US, boldly adding its religious humanity. But if the treatment has not been done, the peak appears to be brutal, involving a bad dog and trying to kill. Police and detective, who are supposed to prevent crime, have one of the most exciting crimes.
