There are some films that each member of Horror is responsible for (or himself) to see, and "La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte" were called Emilio Miraglia. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" (1972) is obviously one of them. With Gialli's and Gothic Stories being my two favorite types in Horror, I expected to see this film for a long time, and although my expectations were high, this masterpiece was much more optimistic. Giallo's original Miraglia, "Evelyn's Eve came from the Cemetery" (1971) was already an amazing and highly fictional film that succeeded to combine Giallo with Gothic Horror, but could not compare to this instant favorite. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is, hands down, one of the unique Italian Horror films that had been done, and no such lover can think of it. Giallo is a very powerful Gothic material, "Red Queen" provides everything that he can hope for a small variety of species: an intermediate and amazing program, spine-back spine, low climate conditions with a really beautiful atmosphere, eurily lush color, delicate carnage, brilliant scores, and, not, at least, a woman beaten and fascinated by Barbara Bouchet very beautiful - this film is one of the best combinations of elegant beauty and scared. The film begins out of the wonderful in the beautiful Gothic castle in Germany. Like young girls, Kitty Wildenbrück and her sister Evelyn have been fighting when their grandfather tells them the story behind a wonderful painting: Legend means that a red-colored woman is returning to the fort every hundred years and killing seven people. Fourteen years later, Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) has been a successful photographer. Suddenly, people are beginning to be killed ... Director Miraglia had already proved his amazing talent in fashion, atmosphere and beauty of colors and "Night Evelyn came from hell" and uses these things even more effectively in this trouble. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is a feast of the eyes, and one of the most horizontal Italian Horror films. The painting of the fragrance of Grandfather alone is the ability to give the viewer goosebumps. The Red Woman (or Red Queen, as she is called in the English head) is a much greater example in Giallo, the spinal cord that the killings follow and will only be afraid. The most popular girl is always interested, especially in Giallo, and this is a great example for that. Dear Bouchet (one of my best partners) must be one of the most beautiful women who have ever seen on the screen, and also a good actor too. The presence of Bouchet has connected many Italian flicks, among other exhibitions, made three stars in the Italian movie theater 70 year one (1972): Fernando Di Leo's "Milano Calibro 9", "Giovanni" of Lucio Fulci's " Don "T Torture Duckling" with this unforgettable gem.In addition to Miss wonderful Bouchet, a beautiful girl of films is beaten with young girls Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti ("Evelyn's Eve came from Cemetery"), and another beauty that is not afraid to open the camera. <br /> <br /> Like the entire film, the killings are stylish and very elegant, still frightened by macabre, and some of them are quite gory. Bruno Nicolai's pain is as memorable as it gets, and It makes the film very powerful and haunting more. This program is beautiful and with red skeletons, the level of tension rises in every minute of passing. "Red Queen ..." begins to attract and remains a surprise for the second second. , this is one films that I can't find enough words of praise. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Seasons" is the absolute hub that becomes the richest of the best Gialli, and the priority of every fan of Horror and / or Italian movies to see. 10/10
