Michael Curtiz explained this 1930 who had a very good style from the script of Robert Presnell Sr., Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine. The original novel was the "Kennel Criminal Case", perhaps from the view of the best writer of Philo Vance's secret and the amazing Van Van Dine. Vance was a long-term investigator and superior, and his character assigned to William Powell probably means that actors in Warner Brothers were aware of the possibility that in this non-delivery hands this could separate the audience. Fortunately they used suave William Powell first for character; later was played by Basil Rathbone, Warren William, and Paul Lukas before being presented to the "B" picture. Another question as always with actors Warner Brothers is why they chose Vance as a character; Their penchant was to choose people who worked outside the law, without any discrimination between a sharp killer and a human rights champion against all members. This film has a contemptible person who is being killed, and a challenging area of ​​claustrophobically inside a big apartment. Characters should not be well aware, the trend is good and at an unusual speed; and except for looking for the B / W of the dark, the film prohibits comedic acid, non-characterized characters and improper conversation of many original detective entries. Jack Okey made a good leadership of art. Music and Berhard Kaun is used; Orry-Kelly made dress. William Reese gave a video of local movies. In an amazing cast, Powell is Philo Vance of his time, especially with a very intelligent sense of sardonic humor here and there. Eugene Palette is much better than usual to play very casual as a lover of a pleasant Vance police, as well as his professional time. Another actor who comes off is good Paul Cavangh, very effective as it is written as part of the celebration. Mary Astor is fascinating but this time in her work she spoke very quickly to be as effective as later she showed. Also, Helen Vinson was a woman of the village, Jack La Rue, Ralph Morgan (known as Frank Morgan's brother), Robert Barrat as everyone's person has a reason to kill, Archer Coe, and Frank Conroy as his good brother and Robert McWade as DA; Quirky and funny Etiienne Girardot has a very good place as a little forensics doctor who comes to a crime scene. James Lee as a Chinese sex worker is better and intelligent. The story breaks into four parts. First there are acts of shad in the show of dogs, where Vance, Coe and Cavanagh all show West Highland terriers. Cavanagh's dog is killed, and Coe, to prevent him from winning the title of his own entry. The second part of the area involves taking-back; The person is so confused for who has gone where, after the part of Coe from his girl friend, Vinson, to kill his good brother for a mistake. Enter Vance, to find out who did in Archer Coe in a closed room and how, with the help of a palette; The sexual problems have been directed, the Chinese servant has already been judged, we see who has broken the expensive instrument, who will marry, how Archer Coe did and why the pastor did not do - but another man with a good excuse did. This is the most secret of not good, which the born-born Hungarian born Curtiz took completely. He used a blade, quickly reduced, change the angle of the camera with a mix between direct and camera-working cameras to achieve different types, interest and fixed speed. Many authors, critics and professionals, I also include, consider this to be the best of Vance projects, although others are also estimated.
