"Markham," says the urbane criminal advocate Philo Vance (William Powell) for district attorney, "I am coming more and more confident that Archer Coe was killed in this room. The pieces ... it's all here." "But Vance," Markham says, "What do you mean to tell someone who was dead walking on?" "I am not trying to tell you anything but the truth," says Vance. "This is a very strange case in my experience." We have compassion. Farmer, arrogant Archer Coe, did not like to be seen by all who knew him, were found in a chair in his bedroom, a pistol in his hand and a gun blow on his head. But wait. Further surveys show Coe was bound with a hard tool that broke his skull. Then there is a wounded wound behind him. The difficult issues are that the closet of Coe's closet and all the windows were closed from inside. Coe did not commit suicide; this was murder. But how could the killer flee? What special inspiration since there are many suspects? And why did Coe's brother, Brisbane Coe, found dead in the main room? Kennel's murder investigation, now 73 years old, still provides a stunning look at the old closet closet. What works as it does is, first, the mystery is hard and clever, but it's still logical. Second, it is an amusing performance with William Powell's point. Think of his work as Philo Vance as something as a practice of his great performances like Nick Charles. Few things survived Vance. She uses her wits to crush things together. He is also a good company. Powell was a star in the twentieth century to move faster on condition and popularity when talkies took. His creativity, style and intellectual skills have made him one of the most modern characters of the characters from the past. It also enjoys seeing other great faces. There is Mary Astor as Hilda Lake, a young, angry and potentially rich person of Coe; Paul Cavanaugh as the name of Brit which surrounds Hilda; Helen Vinson with him in the form of sultry and selfishness (to watch him really do his things in the 1930 Vogues); Etienne Giraudot, an old man like Fussy Dr Doremus, whose job as a viewer and a medical observer continues to take her away from her food; and Ralph Morgan as secretary of Archer Coe. This movie has a large percentage of middle-aged men without fat oil that can wear snug, English suit suits easily. Most of all is Eugene Palette, with his stomach and gray sound, as Detective Sergeant Heath. Sergeant Heath and Vance are long-term friends who really seem to love each other.
