I feel a little protection for this film because it was my introduction to U.N.C.L.E.-line. The year was 1972, and I.T.V. ran all eight elements in one run of bumper (followed by running again to 'Staff' involved with Tony Curtis and Roger Moore) on Saturday evening. 'Karate killers' were selected to open the season. It started with a series of cold action as the Solo and Kuryakin sports car was attacked by THRUSH mini-copters. I was a fan of life since then. After a major credit (good to see a series of special headings here instead of a routine slow-down image action) we're going to Dr Simon Kweli's (Jim Boles) laboratory, the founder of a new form remove gold from sea water. True Amanda Amanda (Joan Crawford) has had a relationship with THRUSH agent Randolph (Herbert Lom). A truly compassionate brother, kills all the doctor and his wife, before the hunt for the formula. The truth has prepared the event - he has divided it into five groups, each in his own picture, and sent it to his five daughters, all who have spread around the world. Solo and Kuryakin started to get the first form, resulting in a string in different locations, and a spoon from the loved ones of Telly Savalas (like Italian Italian Calculation), Terry-Thomas, and Curt Jurgens . One of the daughters of DrTrue - Sandy (Kim Darby) - accompanies U.N.C.L.E. The boys on their international efforts. After collecting the form, THRUSH returns to make it, before they pull them to their secret base in North Pole ... <br /> <br /> The UNCLE all feature films, this is one I feel would have produced mainly for movies. It hurts to be television products, though even one more expensive than usual. There is no comparison of the location made, and different groups come as repeat again, usually reaching the scrap between U.N.C.L.E. and THRUSH. Between the cast, Joan Crawford is memorably hammy in his small role, and Curt Jurgens are misused as a sugar father. As bobby of London, Terry-Thomas is as happy as it was, and Herbert Lom beautiful as a great villain. Kim Darby offers himself as 'Sandy'. He should have been told to go home. <br /> <br /> What is amazing about this is that it manages to be more exciting and entertaining than the official audio movies of the time, including 'In Like Flint', 'Casino Royale' and 'The Ambushers' . I would like to know how Solo and the company escaped from THRUSH H.Q. after the death of Randolph though.
