It can be the best film. Missing shop at points, and the transition of the middle story from Boyer to complete his work to the death of Boyer death of Wanda Hendrix, but Graham Greene is a writer who is very difficult to destroy. His stories are all moral stories, from his own opinion of Catholicism, guilt and guilt (indigenous words in his world), and humanity. Boyer is Luis Denard, a known pianist of the festival, who joined the Republican in the Spanish civil war. She has been taken to England to try to try through the purchase of a much needed weapon. Unfortunately for Denard himself he is engaging himself - each of his contacts returns to be the focus of the Falagists of Spain. Specifically Katina Paxinou (Ms Melendez) guardian of the boarding house, and Peter Lorre (Mr. Contreras) teacher of the international language of "Esperanto". Wanda Hendrix is ​​a girl's doctor (Else) who works for Bibi Melendez. The local diplomat, Licata (Victor Francken) is already a member of Falangist. Brits (Holmes Herbert, Miles Mander, and better - if not the worst of the vote, George Coulouris) 's give great hope because of the Boyer (which he quickly grasps could be a long UK). Herbert and Mander go back to the official policy of not being governed by the government of Ramsay MacDonald and Stanley Baldwin during the civil war. Coulouris here is the most common form of Colli Blimp - always completed in its diction of English origin, he is bright in showing his hatred for the general guests. <br /> <br /> One of the hopes of hope is Lauren Bacall (Rose Cullen), here trying to try her place as much as she can - but she can't really. He is the aristocrat - the daughter of the media media. It was the second film of Bacall, and (sad to say) almost stopped his long career. He does well, but the spark he showed in his first film was due to two effects of stars and Humphrey Bogart and directed by Haward Hawks. Boyer is a good actor, but not Bogie, and Herman Shumlin is not Hawks. His next film brought back to Bogie and Hawks again, and his star began again planting. It is a color film (as it was novel). Boyer's message is never worth, as he has many enemies hidden everywhere. But criminals are also losing - often with their lives. And Dan Seymour as a foreign planner of Katina Paxinou (and someone destroying her). It is good to look at Warner a lot of character actors to do their best from weakness in the direction.
