This movie will tell you why Amitabh Bacchan is a single industry. This movie will also tell you why the citizens of India's movies are wise buyers. Amitabh was at the top of his sound rule when his goddess Prakash Mehra decided to use his image again. Prakash has a characteristic imitation of the themes and stories to create in it, and increase the volume of audio and clichés levels for it. Zanzier saw the decision of the Boy Scissors. Lawaris was about to be bastard and Namak Halal was about the faithfulness of the servant. But then, the theme was slowed to transfer screens through the three-hour song, dance and game. What is included with the film is the caricature of Haryanavi who goes to Mumbai and returns to the hero of the code. The vocabulary and diction of Amitabh saw this film receives its great bucks, because of Haryanvi's priority of stock. For me, this alone is the most pull in the movie. All others are typically typing the sound screen. Amitabh, at the moment, had the most common pictures of comedy in each of his movies. Thanks to Manmohan Desai. This movie had a good measure. The shoe player at the party, monologue on the Vijay Merchant Talk and Vijay Hazare, the mosquito challenge in the board room and the usual drunken area that has now been standard Amitabh fare. Shashi Kapoor added Remember he asked Ranjeet to "Shaaadaaaap" after the event of a poisonous cake ") He was the key role of the master when Amitabh was his faithful servant. For Prakash Mehra knew Hindi intelligence. .. and so Shashi had to carry along with his act with all the film that was one character that could be further developed to make a big movie but this is a caper, remember? That way, people came and saw Amitabh wearing a new hat and returning home The end is always expected, and good people get gal and bad to go to gaol, the old age of honesty is once again stressed and all is well that fits well. Amitabh Bacchan like Haryanvi. Prakash Mehra created another icon in the name of the story. Chuck story, characters and plot. My symbols are Amitab alone.
