The author / director Henry Brommel has done a good job with his film, "Fear," since 2000, which includes his choice of beaten: William H. Macy, Tracy Ullman, John Ritter, Neve Campbell, Donald Sutherland, Barbara Bain, David Dorfman. Brommel has hit Ullman and Ritter for non-surprising roles, and casting discrimination is a welcome change from what we see. <br /> "Fear" is the story of the beat-up man, Alex (Macy) who works for his father (Sutherland). He deals with his professional profession by doing email work; for his appearance, he and his wife (Ullman) and their son Sammy (Dorfman) are a typical urban family. He enjoyed his life, Alex wants the help of a psychologist, telling his mother only (Bain). In the waiting room, you meet a young woman (Campbell) who is instantly attracted, which involves her more. Her mother breaks her promise and tells her father about a psychologist. When Alex gets his next job, he realizes that he is killing his psychiatrist. <br /> <br /> This is a great story of a gentle, good man made by the killer and monster of the father, and his mother skills, who kills to please his father but also cannot stand up and stop. His anger has stood up because he has lost the emotional attraction of almost everything and everyone except his son - and finally his son who raises him out of almost total oppression. When the "fear" moved, it makes it - fast. <br /> <br /> "Fear" does not seem to be scared at all. In fact, it may be very slow. But it goes slowly because it is not good enough - it is deliberately deliberately, the mirror of Alex himself coming slowly from the mist. By making a decision about Sara, the character of Campbell, and by seeing his logo, his mental expert, as a living man, breathing, Alex begins to make a connection between what he is doing and who he is - and how they don't know jive. And the difference between the two can lead to a loss of another psyche, Sammy. William Macy gives another brilliant performance, like a loving father, a distant husband, and a cold killer, a child of two creatures who are not really concerned with his feelings or desires, someone who knows finally needs to go to A plate or have a repeat cycle. <br /> <br /> This is not a very good game for movie movies. It is too old, too small, also a trick, and is also given a character, and is also very good.
