The effects of work-related problems and problems that have been caused by a moral problem that is faced with a conscience against family business responsibilities (with one unique) all brought by the head - or maybe a catalyst - a midlife crisis, are examined in A dark and humble game, 'Fear,' written and led by Henry Bromell, by star and William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland. It is looking to look at how breach and refusal can lead to internal quarrels and troubles that ultimately leads to indifference and at the time of truth when the crisis should, should, finally be resolved. Alex (Macy) is tired; has a loving wife, Martha (Tracey Ullman), a six-year-old six-year-old, Sammy (David Dorfman), an e-mail business from outside the house, as well as a source of income, family 'works with his father, Michael (Sutherland), and his mother, Deidre (Barbara Bain). But he is empty; The years of moving this special business has left him and closed, and put him in a state of mind that has led him to see a psychologist, Dr. Josh Parks (John Ritter). And to make things worse (or maybe better, depending on the view), in Dr Parks's room waiting for him to meet a young woman, Sarah Cassidy (Neve Campbell), whose presence alone makes you feel alive for the first time since she can remember. He quickly becomes another brick in the wall of moral crisis his work has visited, as the day after the meeting they can not just stop thinking about it. All his life, it seems, has been 'state' - which seems to be unable to succeed well without hurting those he wants. He can deny his age and the fact that he, in fact, entered into a real midlife crisis, but he has almost realized that the problems he faces will not leave alone. He is in the way, and he will have to decide the way to go. And he will come to do this soon. From a concept that is very interesting, Bromell has done a well-researched and inclusive study, and gives it a way that allows time for reflection that enables listeners to feel and understand what Alex is using. He makes it clear that there are no easy answers, that in real life there is no easy way. The characters are well described by the true people who represent the difference in life and, moreover, within any family unit. The film shows that fathers' sins are not available for the generation, and the result and excessive destruction. As you grow, you accept your personal circumstances as a world as a whole; and often it is a long time that one can begin to recognize and understand that there are moral values ​​introduced by everyone who walks on the planet, and that those placed by the father may not be able to help the child. And that's when Alex sees himself as the story is revealed; ergo, the midlife crisis, or more specifically, the crisis of conscience that can not escape. It is a powerful, effective and largely delivered message by Bromell, with the help of good performances from its executives. William H. Macy has been one of the first participants in the business. , create different characters like Kid's tip Donnie Smith in 'Magnolia,' The Shoveler in 'Mystery Men' and Jerry Lundegaard 'Fargo. 'And that's just a sample of his many achievements. At one time in this film, Sarah says 'Alex's sad eyes', and it is a very sophisticated view of Macy's performance here, his ability to express a very real sense in the way caused, that shows all the trouble of inside he faces. Imagine a place where he is lying in bed, looking into the dark; at that quiet time it is understood that he is engaged, not only in his immediate state, but for everything in his life that has brought him, finally, to this point. In this case you get a whole life of guilt, confusion and uncertainty, all that has failed to succeed until now; all the things that have been on the basis of Alex's life, are now breaking his advocacy methods and ultimately widespread, and wanting to fight with the resolution. It is a hard character designed and released by Macy for full accuracy which makes Alex truly memorable. It is a habit that anyone who has ever dealt with an unspeakable behavior will be able to involve it. It is a piece of hard work and one of the best actors. Sutherland is very effective, too; Michael is a sinner for being despised in a way that is really cool. It is frightening, in fact, considering that there are really people walking around the world. This is not a legendary story or Jacob Bond type of evil, but the true life of evil, hiding behind the outward appearance that is common can be the second person, which makes it more difficult. And Sutherland brings everything carefully, with good performance. Neve Campbell looks at the part of Sarah, but her performance (as usual and she) looks great, though her behavior affected here only happens to fit the character and is actually a positive feature of the film. If only he could turn his strength from time to time, it would make a big difference in the way he presents his characters. 'Fear,' however, is one of his best efforts; A powerful film that, at the end, is a journey worth taking. 9/10. <br /> <br />
