Why the fear has not been given to the exhibition with ease: it is very smart, and the audience would have a hard time with it, comparing to the American Beauty in its study of the midlife crisis, and Sopranos and Analyzing This in the study of illegal-centered actions family life. Although fear may appear to be derived from conventional materials, Brommel's characters of life as well as the left discussion and the focus of attention makes the film appear to really erase the middle-aged person. William H. Macy star as Alex, hitman who works for his father's business (Sutherland) for the murder of the contract. He creates two lives, and his wife (Ullman) and the child does not know his real business. In her middle age, she is still hated by what she did all her life. Under his quiet, collected face retired hate for his father's control over his life. When she meets a young woman (Campbell) she feels to think and decides when to stop the family business. The fact that the author / director Henry Brommel decided to do his professional character was trying to break away from the contract killing. He could easily change any improper work; Its characters are very well and reliable, events that have been transparent and in fact have been written so discreetly and naturally that the target is faced with Macy's contradictory character rather than its work as a hitman. The Brommel script feels like a Shakespearean catastrophe, and the full theme of the fate run. <br /> In Alex, Macy creates a bad, easy character, and returns to another performance, good performance, as it can always be expected. Donald Sutherland is also perfect and is used as a struggling father, and a great change of Ullman as Macy's wife is a welcome welcome to the player. Consider the event in a bicycle shop, whose feelings are dark and exploding in an emotionally sensitive area. Henry Brommel's first feature, Fear is a well-made film. At the first level, the plausible script, the high discussion, and the positive direction, the study of this behavior is only hopeful flavor of Brommel's ability to create characters that seem to be real. About 8 out of 10
