First of all this was not a three-hour movie - Two hours, ten minutes ... last time I watched ads not part of the movie! Maybe, however, should we have been two parter for a total of 3 hours? Yes, it would have gone further, managed to explore more emotions. In general, though, it is looking for interesting in the life of Lucy and Desi. I watch I love Lucy constantly and love but never read or see biography, never know anything about their lives off the screen. Because of this film I do now but I don't know it is good. Everything here no one has to know. That was basically a movie that was not required to be made. But it was done and the reason is because Lucy & Desi is still a big star and some people in the American community feel that the whole community needs to know ALL on our tv and film stars. That is definitely not true and very, very sad. However, what was shown here in Lucy was very good. Two complaints - an actor who played Viv Vance - not thrown much. And switch from Madeline Winter to Rachel York .... uhhh, if Lucy had plastic surgery and suddenly she is a new person? That wasn't too big. But the story continued and focused on the relationship of stones between Lucy & Desi. No, children were not shown very much and it was not necessary to have the problem of this movie because as I said, this focused mainly on Lucy & Desi. If there was a lot of time, the story was more about all of Lucy's life, then maybe children woulda were there more. But they were not so we should see Gable & Lombard's objects, Red Skelton and Buster Keaton in a very short. Wow, that's one thing about this story I thought was true: its presence and influence in Lucy's life. It is really good and it is very bad that didn't think more. Oh well. Meditation was done well, in many places. In fact, I don't think I'll look again and I don't think this movie will be that memorable. For the person who plays I love Lucy but not a big fan of Lucille Ball, this should be an interesting watch. My bridge for this: B
