Last Christmas, I was fortunate to receive one of the last 1200 seconds of Bourne from my best half but I set off looking at the last part of the trilogy until yesterday. Given how many recently stumbled over the finish line instead of winning the same way, I was worried about the "Ultimatum of Bourne" but I certainly didn't worry. A series of electrical and anti-hitting operations combines powerfully with the lines of intelligent stories to make this one of the best of the best actions I can remember to see with the good end of the best series. Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) returns after a clear leak on Operation Blackbriar - a new program according to the old Treadstone project - to journalist Simon Ross (Paddy Considine) in the Guardian. He decided to find out more about his half-year period, Bourne takes over again but others in CIA including the Director of Noah Vosen (David Strathairn) believe that Bourne himself is aggressive and starts to pursue a strong and powerful agent. What? Bourne can find the answers that she has been looking for or her former servants will comfort her? Personally, I felt a little disappointed with "Bourne Size" as it led to the authenticity of the business scenarios of his work and stressed that it was a spy film. Not to say it has been completely lost but compared to the "Bourne Identity" wonder, it seemed to be a novel of a slow spy rather than a terrifying step. There is no such concern here - every car accident, punch, kick and gun is heard and feel with a visceral fun but thanks, it still remains a wonderful and fascinating story of a spy in his heart to establish an action around. It also incorporates the last two films, providing a good book for trilogy as things describe and extended until the full picture will be opened. All displays are almost without error - even Julia Styles begins to give something more than the book-wormy eye-candy. The only trueer is that this, like other Bourne films, does not relate to the original novel but unless you are a fan of Ludlum's death, this is not the real reason to love the movie like this very high caliber. Nothing likes me more than a movie that takes me happily to surprise and despite my fear, "Bourne Ultimtum" is a cracking movie filled with enough bone-crunching action to satisfy the meat-bed with a plot that will never endorse your imagination for one minute . Even at the end of the end, you have never been so happy that the end of happiness is guaranteed but if you are a fan of a series or not (and if not, what do you want again?), This is one film that you should track down as soon as possible. It is not surprising that this series was obliged by the producers of Bond movies to give us an odd forty years of film history to resume. Bourne is a modern sophisticated hero and has made Bond movies recently seen as the power of Austin in comparison to "Casino Royale" gave a series of Bond reopening the most needed. From Jason Bourne movies is a crime-deserving crime - go to a copy of the DVD. It's not the last collection of Bourne though - a small version, I'm scared!
