The Ultimatum of Bourne is a third and final match of the super Jason Bourne spy, a man who is out to kill people who made him a killer. The Bourne series is one of the most well-known trilogies and critics (Ultimatum has 85/100 on metacritic.com, which means a "world-class reputation" and for good reason - the battle is well-known and deep stories can be very first. I strongly advise you to look at Bentne Identity and Bourne Capacity, the first two of the Ultimatum concept. There may be three different movies, but in fact they are all promotions of one another: missing one leaves captured and confused, as I was. enjoy the action and combat the Ultimatum events if you have lost the first two, but the story will cause them to be confused. /> <br /> If you were fortunate to see the original pictures before this movie, perhaps you had a cure for seeing Bourne his enemies and follow up the man who had inspired him from U. Jason Bourne is playing well with Matt? Damon Damon is not worthy of anything to deserve the Oscar, and his work here is good enough to hold its own. Bourne's adventures occur in many different cities; All cities are different enough to keep the film becoming angry sometimes. The Bourne tracking agency uses the advantage of every technology tool known to humans to track down. I can't go into detail about the characters because it is going on for the first two movies. However, it can not hurt the movie to mention a few items for the audience - not the viewer is a viewer of the film who is not able to take over a little hint about the development of the story. Ultimatum will not have any effects at all if the story was a little more ahead. It seems most people agree that Ultimatum was the success of the film: the movie opened $ 69 million, and - the box office is now now up to $ 216 mil- now it is now very progressive for films on the exhibition since August 3. It's the best movie that I have seen since Free Live or Die Hard. <br /> <br /> Good) Damon is strong but not interesting, very smart movie bad) Stories are like many others
