Wonderful license - some hate, though it is important to restore any life story. In the case of "Lucy", the main points of the young years of Lucille Ball, the first work and 20 years marriage to Desi Arnaz are all included, though through truncated and reworked. The main points of the life of Lucy's life have been explained: Lucille's struggle to get her niche as an actor, finally spreading into a talented comedienne who made character Lucy Ricardo story; his strife, romance and finally marriage is impossible for Desi Arnaz; Lucy & Desi creates the first television kingdom and ever gets their place in history as the most popular TV TV attractions. <br /> <br /> As a Lucille ball, Rachel York does a good job. Do not expect to see the same miraculous change as Judy Davis made while playing Judy Garland, but York makes the ball very strong but interesting, and it is very funny for its own right. Although his comedic team is different from Lucy, it is still believed. The film is not widely available on its characteristic perfection on the set, and its abuse of Vivian Vance during early "I Love Lucy" years, but watch York show Lucy explaining privacy is a good slip. Daniel Pino is thin and charismatic less than the real Desi, but he has his own comfort and does a very good job with Desi's emphasis, especially in the opening area. Madeline Zima was good, if not the most memorable, like Lucy-year-old. Vivian Vance and William Frawley did not show much, thanks, since Rebecca Hobbs and Russell Newman had no great influence in the roles. Not that they are not good at themselves, they were not all suitable for the people they were playing. Most of the participants were from Austrailia and New Zealand, with accents accents can be checked regularly. Though the film's main structure holds historical facts, there are many variations, some of the most obvious reasons. Jess Oppenheimer, author of Lucy's radio show "My Girl Girl" started in 1948, is shown in this film coming to the scene to help "I Love Lucy" in 1951, and totally rejecting the fact that he was a great Creator! This film also shows Marc Daniels being the general director of "I Love Lucy" for all his flight, totally ignoring the fact that he was shared with William Asher after the first season! Also, although I feel that it is due to budget constraints, Ricardo are shown to live in the same house for their entire stay in New York, when they actually changed apartments in 1953. The kitchen is set up larger and far more original. The Connecticut house looks very close to the original, except the right and left sides of the house reserved and adjusted. There is also Desi talking to buy RKO in 1953, during Lucy's fear, even though RKO did not make the market until 1957. These good changes can be for a big license, and the film is not suitable for the presentation of the main truth, but it would hurt them to show them more for Oppenheimer and Asher, two key figures in the history of "I Love Lucy"? The great gaff comes in recreational events of "I Love Lucy", at least a few of them. It is often the risk of retrieving something that is taken on the film and has been shown by billions of people, but even more so when changes are made. The place with the big loaves of bread was cut, and anyone who knows that could see the difference now! "We Have a Child" number was also shortened, but more than that was about to die. In the most favorable way, it was "grape picking", and Rachel York when she had Lucy's match. Manufacturers made a wise decision not to try to restore "Vitametavegamin" and the candy of the candy factory, rather than to show actors present. These events confirmed it because of the way. The main theme of the film is that it makes the viewers already aware of a great deal about Lucy's life, as much has been beaten or stopped altogether. In general, however, it gives a beautiful picture of Lucy & Desi's marriage, and true mistakes can be overlooked when promotional behavior works effectively.
