Now he has a name, identity, several records and a lost partner. All he wanted was lost, but still, they followed and destroyed the world that was not built. Now he wants an explanation, and to get people to the way he made him. Yes, Jason Bourne has returned, and this time, he here is for revenge. Well, this film does not have the most defined script in the world, but its thematic is very clever and ask serious questions about our society. Of course, as every movie of Hollywoodian since the late 90s, "Bourne Suprematy" is a story of heroes. Jason Bourne is a Captain-American project, who has gone completely. In the first movie, the hero discovered his ability and welcomed in the second. Now he is fighting against what he sees as evil, after the man next to him is killed (his partner in "Suprematy"). That's all part of the story of the hero, including the character and (really but still interesting: he almost does not fit) the super powers. And the interesting point is that the evil he is fighting around the world (no limits on Bourne movies, characters go from one continent to another in the fall of the eye), is like in the best season of "24", an American enemy, who is a faithist that he fights for the benefit of his country has completely lost him. Funny how "mad fighters" are now N.1 enemies of paranoiac stories of Hollywood. In addition to all the interesting thematic, the movie is not perfect: the female character of Nickie Parson is currently quite useless and the direction is not quite complete when you come to a conversation. But all this does not mean, for "Bourne Ultimatum" is a movie of action. And action events are amazing. Everybody here is talking about "Waterloo area" and "Tanger movement" and everyone's right. I was happy to fight in Tanger, which reminds me of the spread and adultery of Tsui Hark. Presentation displays, a lot of practical parts of the mind and a good reflection on thematic modern American: "Ultimatum of Bourne" is definitely the best movie of the series and flick of the most interesting and original action.
