I watched Bourne Identity and Bourne Management on DVD before seeing this in the theater. I would like to wait this since before the movie started. I had no desire. It is a good quality, but it also did not continue for the first two. Identity and all the greatness came in beauty among the adrenaline action of the game for enough game. This film has always felt. The build-up times were given less. That has led to the following steps to feel very free. Cameras: Speaking of independence, the symbol of the Greengrass shaky cam marker was there and bothered me. I know it has been talked about / nailed on nausea on the message board, but it does not mean that it is not related. All military artists who passed through were completely lost. Reduced camera ignorance and wiggling cameras destroyed most of the fighting in the movie. It is cost-effective, the student's player to make the film feel uncomfortable. I would like to anticipate these techniques used in a particular flick of fear given to high school children, but not in this adult, adult. Also very close-up too. Do some compose. Get some interesting shots. Frequently close-around feels like a lazy guide toward me. Myth: The story was confused for the first time. They give new names and face you from going. Give me a feeling that you get time to come to the late film and you know that you have lost important information. He felt to run or insist on time reasons. After catching however the story is quite good. It's enjoyable following leads with Bourne. IN, I did not keep the last area of ​​Uuwala (Landy / Bourne on the phone) to be in the center of the Ultimatum object. Basically makes a semi-prequel film. I thought it was hard. <br /> <br /> Cast / Character: The movie star is a step. Obviously there are only two left backgrounds. Bourne and Nicky Parsons. Those who were included were an odd sort of me. I think they just want to give Bourne a man to protect and tell him. Unless I have missed anything, they will not even tell you why they were involved. Other killers in the movie were quiet. This felt like Gilroy / Greengrass / anyone wanting to stop. It is understandable but terrible. To a large extent, Damon and Clive Owen in Identity and Marton Csokas in Greatness. Those events were wonderful. These killers are as worried as Castel (the first of Bourne fights with Identity). The general release has dropped as the series continued. Clive Owen was the following. That is the power measure for the first cast. Secondly, they basically do business with Chris Cooper for Joan Allen .... Not right. This is doing business with Brian Cox and Franka Potente for 3 executives to be named later. There is nothing against David Strathairn, Scott Glenn, or Albert Finney, but not the first names that come to mind in this kind of series. Apart from the stand for a couple who seemed for a long time, the acting was right. Overall, it was successful. They feel like they wanted to get the top series and though. If they were to reduce or expand the smaller components, to overcome the parts of Scott Glenn completely, canceled out, and taken a camera away from the shock striker, it would have been perfect. It is worth spending time on the Bourne living end. It was my understanding was the conclusion. They clearly described the beginning of the series with its silhouette around it without motion. I thought that would be so. A variety of rounds to finish. I did as Nicky responded to the news report though. SPOILER SPECIFICS WARNING - QUOTE FROM MOVIE BELOW - <br /> <br /> The end of Bourne "Look at this. Look at what they are doing for you." quoting the first murder he killed, I loved it. The last part was good. (Except it is Vosen {Strathairn} who shot Bourne, why would he do it? Just out of revenge? If he was angry to kill, why don't you shoot Pamela Landy after deleting his secret file? Meaning.)
