The Ultimatum of Bourne - Jason Bourne (Matt Damon in his best role ever), the newest child to spy on the barrier, brings his efforts to his identity as soon as he also wants to put an end to the latest CIA "Blackbriar" program to kill as high as he yourself. I had a mind for this which I looked at yesterday and today. The Identity was as brilliant as I recall and the supervisor is still weak (but still enjoyable) the link in the chain for the weakest plot, away from the drive driven which this film expels the tops easily, slightly missing in action and stopped. <br /> <br /> Hoo boy, Do Ultimatum has doubts! Even if you know Bourne will run away from the authorities (and the boy will make these films become clear if they are not available), it's still brilliant to look at him. It intends to think that two people armed with balls can increase more than 10x more than anything that bigger $ 150 million in the Transformers. Thinking of Paul Greengrass, who has this idiosyncratic style of hitting the stedicam's book, even though it is the characters of the images that are far from the norm, in places like CIA headquarters where no one within 10 miles will be allowed for kamcorder. He seemed to listen to my various complaints and allegations, as a step in Ultimatum is not less surprising, and materials used as a weapon to be a candle, a book of durability (I never will look at those in the same way again) with a fan of electricity (don't ask). Music also helped to generate great discomfort, and did not have any nail-right time. <br /> <br /> Acting is good, and the change of character of Julia Stiles "Nicky" puts her situation in a new light of compassion. Damon has a role of signing and reserve but the ability (which looks small but actually looks like Matt Damon can escape the CIA and Interpol is something), but the time of ridicule while still struggling to get his humanity. Witnessing for him for real life can get boring, and almost made in Miracles, but works better in Ultimatum (the best script). I remember about the area of ​​"Goldeneye" (the only beautiful Pierce Brosnan Bond) which character of Sean Bean asks James if martinis ever cries out the sound of all the slain. Bourne punishes all the people he has killed, and he looks (or at least made me think) the meaning of action without purpose, life without meaning, and how the government has made men become resources. However, resources that know Krav Maga and can make weapons from anything. <br /> <br /> Sidenote: always bothers me that, despite being superspy and hunted by CIA, Interpol, and police around ANYWERE went, that Bourne never thought to do even a small experiment to hide its components or create a new passport. Sunscreen perhaps? <br /> <br /> If you have a blow and love film action, than Bourne Ultimatum is for you. Hell, probably the best film to work this year. Of course, you would like to be stupid to see it without looking at others first. It's kind of touching around the end, but I almost feel tempted to consider it. This is the first "3" movie this summer for at least a match, if not appropriate, original and which says something. <br /> <br /> A-
