I thought Rachel York was wonderful as "Lucy." I have seen him in "Kiss Me, Kate" and "Victor / Victoria," too, and in each of these exhibitions has created a very different, with real features. She is a player who can play (and sing) anything! I'm wondering how many negative reviews appear here about Rachel's performance in "Lucy." Even some television and entertainment viewers seem to have missed the point of being shown to him. Many people have taken into account the fact that Rachel doesn't look like Lucy. My answer to that is, "Why?" I wasn't looking for pretending about Lucy. I wanted to know more about a real woman behind the clown. And Rachel certainly gave it to us, deep. I also did not want to see someone just "do" common practices of Lucy. So I was very pleased with the decision of manufacturers and director that Rachel shows Lucy to the most memorable practice of these skits - Vitameatavegamin and Candy Factory. (It seems that some viewers did not realize that these two exhibitions were supposed to be a demonstration exercise and not a real skits). This way, I thought, provided a sketch of the design of which many of us know with the heart. I also thought Rachel was brilliant and strange in these events. And he was completely tied to the practice that was restored - Professor and Vineyard of the Vine, especially. There was one time in the grape area where Rachel's mouth had a little deficiency that I remember Lucy with. I couldn't believe that he was able to catch it - and usually. I wonder if many people who criticized the performance were expecting to see Lucille's "I Love Lucy" ball at all the entire movie. After all, those of us who informed him through television did not know what Lucy was actually in his first years of film. I think Rachel showed a natural development in a character that was brilliant. He sown all the seeds of righteousness for us to see the clown waiting to happen, due to the proper conditions of the environment. Lucy did not match the mold of the old label system. In his desperate attempt to become a modern movie star, he continued to despise what would prove to be his last gift. I believe that Rachel was captured comedy, drama, wit, sadness, anger, passion, love, lust, loyalty, sexuality, self-absorbing, youth, and all conclusions entered into one American icon. And he did it with truth and beauty that you liked so much. "Lucy" was a star turning to Rachel York. I hope it brings flood of great roles in its way in the future. I also hope to bring Emmy.
