When Bourne's Identity reached five years ago I had to admit that I did not think too much. When I was eleven years old, so maybe I was too young to enter a story story and understand the whole situation. Two years ago when Bourne Supremacy came to me I thought it was a good movie than Identity but still didn't think it was as good as I expected to have judgment for trailers. Over the past two years I have been told many times that Bourne movies were amazing, I often had to cry my tongue and not say what I thought about movies. Until two months ago I did not give the wife on the Ultimatum of Bourne, I had no intention of looking at it. But I decided to go back and look at the first two before I came to any sudden decisions. So I came out and bought all the original movies. And I was surprised when I was imprisoned. Identity I have found the head of the two, but the upside is not back. They both lose, the fragments of the movies that I have watched many times since I bought them. For this reason I was the first line today to see Bastne Ultimatum. And the boy made Bourne Ultimatum not disappointed! Matt Dam was never one of my dear actors until he was seen on Bourne movies, I would see him in Mr Ripley's knowledgeable, but I never thought of a lot of him in general. However, it seems that he was born to play Bourne (pardon pun). In this series we have seen a change of attitude before our own eyes, in this movie we see Matt Damon for the very best, even better than he was in The Departed and I thought he was one of the best things in The Departed. In fact you find yourself taking care of the behavior and expect that it gets everything. Matt Damon has the role and strength of stability and always finds its very reliable character. The delivery of the movie was also quite good. Joan Allen was one of my favorite things in Bourne's greatness, here he boasts. His character is also very reliable and has a very short time towards the end of the movie. Julia Stiles returns again as Nicky and finally we learn a little about her behavior. Julia Stiles is a very low actor and I think she deserves more responsibilities, better roles than she gets. David Strathairn is a guest of this series as Noah Vosen, he is definitely a good man of the movie and he is very good. He is obviously the most beautiful character we have encountered, and some decisions he makes are true. Strathairn opens the role and she also gets beautiful scenes in the movie. Specific mention should also go to Albert Finney who performs all the time too much of the screens, I will say nothing about that character, which is better left as a surprise, but his trust is the most important aspects of the movie. Bourne movies have a much more brilliant view of the story more than a step-by-step, this is not to say trilogy is not appropriate for the action of the action, no good god there is their loaded carriers everywhere on the movie. . But running in all movies is a very good written and effective story. This theory concludes with the best way that can be seen in this film. When I watched Uuwala the night before I saw Ultimatum it was good because I could see a small part. The last event in Uuwala, New York, is the most important one I ever thought of. It will not destroy people but I recommend checking on Leadership before seeing Ultimatum. Unfortunately though for most people they will go to see Ultimatama for hygiene because of a series of steps. This is the place that I should judge those people and say they should see it in the story, but I would like to lie if I did not say that my favorite places in the Bourne series are generally a driving drive. Identity track drive is one of my favorite car. Well action in Ultimatum should be better than the Bourne series. In fact the film eliminates a series of steps in Moscow. So during the movie we find many ivory horns, very violent and surprisingly. Bicycles drive out which is quite surprising, many feet that are more amazing, an exciting car chasing something that is impossible, and oh very! But the important thing for me should be the location of the Waterloo center, it will not destroy it but for some reason I was locked. Is there any mistakes in the movie? In my eyes no, but if you don't have a fan of Bourne series or I haven't seen the previous two then I won't recommend you to you. The movie does not win over any new fans if it holds what the franchise does well and only adds the most beautiful stories and tracking up. The Ultimatum of Bourne is undoubtedly the best of the series with the best blockbuster of 2007. If the James Bond fanatic is a great honor to me to say that Ultimatum is much better than many of Bond movies, and believe I takes a lot for me to say it. While Bourne in general may be a better franchise than a series of Bond, it's definitely almost the same.
