I have never been an exciting person to say that many practical films do nothing for me. Most of the time they are driving blow blows, showing sexy models, and giving us any model of truth or intelligence outside the window. So he said, the series of Bourne has been wonderful. Doug Liman began to take a new step by using more scientific style, showing the struggle with full strength and making our spy person who we can relate to emotionally and physically. This is not a sci-fi ignorance that was Bond (before renewing in the style of this series is not less). There was a lot of concern when the Bourne Freedom came out. With the director Paul Greengrass took, it would have been a second copy of the nature that ended the improvement of fashion and taste. The obstacles were raised and the story was enhanced for that reason. Greengrass needs to be given tons of credit to be able to set up high performances and recent installments, The Bourne Ultimatum. Why is it an amazing conclusion to the top-notch trilogy, the action is brought to a new level with stories and performance never affected. <br /> <br /> Once again, Bourne is brought in to CIA's ideas and false charges. Someone has made a statement on the Upgrade of stone stone training called Blackbriar and once Bourne tries to talk to a journalist who has broken the story, thinks to be a mole. Pamela Landy alone, she who was in the case of looking for a Light, knows that she can not be one. Bourne's goal has always been open to the government and to live his life in peace. It has been a CIA who keeps bringing him back to lose them. What ends running is that Bourne wants to know the source and finally find out who she is and what made her a killer. Therefore, the film comes on time with each other to find the source and see if the government can shut off the breach and extinguish all the freedoms, or if Bourne can take revenge on those who have spent his life from him. br>> <br /> In probably the most simple story of the series, and only one run long life story, it is possible to be thrown to the great characters and turn on loyalty to erase the corruption that was behind the full story of the story. This is not very dangerous, however, since it allows more fights and the car is running that works in full perfection. The entry of this film is worth fighting the apartment, between Bourne and the second property of the CIA, solely. Walking through the windows in Madrid is cool alone, but finally meet, we get ten minutes or so to fight that looks like any area you see. Also, instead of using a big car to drive as a piece of weather like in the first two films, we instead walk around three small road trips, like sharp, but never able to get into the monotony. <Br /> <br /> After five years waiting, we also know the nature of our favorite executive and heart and emotions. At the end of the film we will see what was caused by spypics and all the destruction that took place around him. No one could do better than Matt Damon. He has a reliable attitude and attitude in the process of action, but also the scope of the time-out of communication and communications of cats and mice as well as those against him. Joan Allen reiterates his position with the same amount of commitment to his work, but also the uncertainty of what is going on around him after Brian Cox's behavior, from the first two films, took things with his own hands. Considering the role in the mold, we are given good from David Strathairn. Like Cox, he works on a food chain and answers to anyone when making a decision. In an attempt to hide any relationship with its Blackbriar programmers to try to do his work for his country, you can never measure what he can do. Even young boys do a good job, like Paddy Considine as a journalist who starts leaking in the middle of everything, Albert Finney as a former Bourne man and most likely of his nature, and Edgar Ramirez as one of the CIA operators taking Bourne out. Ramirez is a good addition to the role that has been successful and played with Clive Owen (Identity), Karl Urban, and Martin Csokas (Main). He does not talk too much, if it is the same, but has the ability to look and robotic under pat and hopefully he will get more responsibility to show what he can do after a good return to Domino. In the end, one should thank Paul Greengrass for furthering the expectations and bringing this series to a conclusion that builds the success of his predecessors rather than destroying them. His skill in the close-up-hand-held look is amazing and has the same kinetic energy like Tony Scott, but without quite reduced-inducing cuts. Instead of feeling like a high producer, its hand-making hand increases the environment and puts it directly into action. Let it also be a film film Oliver Wood, who beat all three Bourne movies. He could work with all the directors and make his style in good harmony with them.
