Jason Bourne sits in a dusty room with blood in his hands, trying to understand what he just did. Meanwhile, the head of the CIA in NYC explains the agency's response to what happened on the screen. The American flag stands in the middle of his desk in front of the shot, but as he says, it comes out of his mind if his plan enters into the terrifying district, if it does not want to be associated with the course of action that the government decides is important for national security interests. <br /> <br /> This shooting efficiently takes the film status. In addition to demonstrating Bourne's efforts to know how it was Jason Bourne, Ultimatum is also an experimental humanitarian measure of measures taken to protect us in the interests of stability and security. It is probably the best movie you will see on the movie this year. It is very strict. Bourne says to Simon Ross (Considine) "This is not news of the newspaper, this is true" and in the audience approaching him. The camera appears, but it remains enough so that you can see everything and feel like you are with Bourne if she tries to evict her supporters, and the performances are so nice that they seem like they are the characters they show, rather than just acting executives. Practical events are very fast and they come out so well that they seem to be normal rather than a small movement; The amazing work is not something amazing. <br /> <br /> Walking is just amazing. It continues to drive towards its conclusion, but not so fast that it stops you from trying to connect the plot; The script provides the information you need quickly and easily as possible before moving to the second element of the action. While they are often simple (the Waterloo sequence is actually the only person on the phone and the person on the phone) are charged with such great power that you can't remove your eyes. The film focuses on the ability to distribute that you cannot help transport it. With its sharp features, priority stories, and intelligent decision-making decisions made in the name of national security, Bourne's series is one that catches for the complexity of our age. Ultimatum is its peak.
