The 70s Show is the best TV show ever, period. It is up and Show Andy Griffen, Saturday Night Live, and The Simpsons in my book. That 70s shows the continuation of 8 seasons, all that focuses on a group of youth / young adults involved in relationships, separation from their parents, and all their time. The two main characters, Eric and Donna, are two young people living next to each other. They have been living close to each other for their many lives, and just start to feel more feeling for each other at the beginning of the first season. Much of the show is about how their relationship works. Two other characters, Red and Kitty, are Eric's parents. Red was in service, so he pushed Eric around. Kitty is just the opposite. Even though he drinks too much, he does to Eric and his friends for many services. Bob, their neighbor, is obviously Donna's father. Bob is surrounded by several different women in story stories. Bob also reduces Red to its perfect level. The remaining character, Hyde, Kelso, Fez, and Jackie, are Eric's friends. They also play a major role in the story of the show. <br /> <br /> Well, the first season is best. This is when characters begin to feel new things for each other. The first season is original, surprising, and fun. The Second Season is good, although it is not the same as the first. It is continuing on the First Foundation. Eric and Donna are together, and everything works fine. <br /> <br /> The Third Time is my favorite. It went back and took the First Season to feel and humor. I also think that the chemistry of the character improved the pile, making it all the most fun to watch. The Fourth Season is not too close. Eric and Donna Arne't together in this one, making a little show less enjoyable. It's still funny, although I didn't like it as last season. The fifth season is the last season I enjoyed the whole way. It is a Senior Group Year, so it helps a lot for stories. The Fifth season also had the best end of the season. <br /> <br /> The Sixth Season is good for the most part. It's very funny, though it is not appropriate to feel that sometimes you did. The group is not out of the High School, so I believe it didn't hit the young man to feel that last season you did. I also had no last three or four events considering that they had a great drama they heard. The seventh season you get the same feeling that the 5th season had a way, although it didn't have to do all the way. I enjoyed the Seventh Season as I did the rest, and the end is great. The Last Season was lost. Eric was not in it, which destroyed them. Kelso was not in it for the most part, which did not help. I hated the eighth season until the last period. I thought that the last part was very good, and it should end up in a series. <br /> <br /> So in general, if you like to enjoy comedy, do That 70s Try. They stopped stopping new events, but they are still on a bunch of television. I also recommend buying season 1-7. It's up to you if you want to buy the 8th season.
