Not since The Simpsons made it the first time there has been a sitcom that I did not want to divert in terms of 2 minutes. In fact it is known that The Simpsons were killed sitcom. Not this yet. The first season was so if the young people were not as worried as they were later. They went to school sometimes. The times followed the behavior that left. Eric, the girl of pride, Donna, her boyfriend, Kelso, gold pipe, Hyde, theorist of the plot and fight the introduction of punk, Fez, the exchange student and finally Jackie, the damaged floozy. As for the adult actors there was a mother of Eric, "you can believe she is an old man" urban mother, Eric's father, a straight arrow that was undoubtedly not as hard as he was seen, Donna's father and his dumb's goal. Everyone is real to their characters but it is special to Kurtwood Smith who finds a perfect balance between difficulty and still makes his Red Forman compassion without making us lost and unexpected isolation. <br /> <br /> Topher Grace is really the main reason for this display is very good. It is a difficult attitude to play because it does not allow the actor to indulge in wild wild behavior as Kelso's character, played well with Ashton Kutcher. I was happy to see two characters when they were different because they were quite different. <br /> <br /> The Hyde character is very difficult to enjoy because he is more realistic and we really need to see orphaned stories for the moment of the umpteenth, although I will say that the authors came with a brilliant story for him in the last season. Jackie, played with the Voice of Family Guy Mila Kunis's artist is hilarious and has nails on a board type. sounds, which fit for its character. The only sad part is that we did not see more scenes with him and Eric because they were f ...... hilarious together. Many stories have lost their relationship problems since we got ready in spades by Eric and Donna. Finally I will tell you that the actors of the visitors were always big. Few players: The girl's Fez 'humongous in the middle of the seasons, Pastor Dan, Today quite surprisingly played by Thomas Chong an amazing similar, one of Fez's girlfriend who can be completely confirmed by a special appearance to Sabrina's boyfriend as a slutty Catholic girl. <br /> <br /> Coming closer to Fox, nothing.
