I didn't like a lot of TV shows after 1990, but that 70S SHOW is great. Never see the first time you run, thinking a piece of gimmicky, I was wrong! I began to look at the reruns and the more I watched, the more I loved it! Now, it is the only showing after the 1990s after a regular look. Though That 70S SHOW imitates some of the styles, perspectives, music, and tastes of 70 years, it is not recommended in that ten years to go up with reference to the look of the 70s. It has a lot of extraordinary, bold, interesting dialogue that is presented with confidence and certainty and their main cast that defeats any 70 clichés to be just a pleasant one. Humor is what is going to show possible. Although the hilarious sitcom, no matter what time it is, the only one to make fun of the 70s works with its approval for it shows a sign of identity. But it takes into account universal issues (family problems, teenagers, marital issues, peer pressure), and dealing with all for comic, which offers a mass appeal. <br /> <br /> Show One Forman One Center (played for full complement of comic and Topher Grace star later). Eric is a high-looking boy, who is seen, without a sportsman and still coming as a super-cool due to the grace of personal behavior character. Eric has 5 friends Donna, Hyde, Kelso, Jackie, and Fez (they played successfully with Laura Prepon, Danny Masterson, Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis, and Wilmer Valderama). We get to see life in Point Point, Wisconsin for the eyes of these young people and a boy we can get a lot to see! Donna, a woman looking forward to it, is something of Eric's love and these 2 have a basic relationship to show. They become a couple pretty soon after they started to start and they can't be a sparking couple. Most of the eps exhibits die and they have a meaningful dialogue on them and their future and it works as a great book of wisdom, which works like dealing completely with hilarity before. Hyde is a good friend of Eric and soon goes with Teachers when his mother leaves him; Hyde is a mellow, zen, cool one group and sits back, sees, and laughs his friends with an easy aplomb. Kelso is one of the group group and Kutcher builds a totally hilt, pointing to the amazing physical comedy and also telling you some of the most amazing and amazing stories! Jackie, who starts as a friend of Kelso, is a verbose, covering himself with a cheerleader debutante and for the first time being accepted as part of a b / c group of Kelso, but he can deal with the point where all should accept him! And finally, Fez! Fez is a foreign exchange student from an unknown country (we do not know exactly where it is) and he is a locator! "I said good day!" "You son of bch!" Valderama is just an exceptional foreign game here if they do not really have one and he is always a character and builds one of the most many characters I have ever seen. His status-stealing time often helps to make a show to me. The show always brings us into the thoughts and ideas of these characters through a fantasy image of how they like or think of things. The group often gets into trouble (most for the purpose). They play regularly on Residents of Point Point and also. They depend on often in the design of Eric's floor, voting, or just playing around. <br /> <br /> Also consider popular in the show is the parents of Eric, the risk of fighting, pleasing and pleasant, fun-and-lucky Kitty (played by the Kurtwood Smith and Debra Jo Rupp). These two adults show the required sign of mature and often recommend and advise 6 tablets. Red and Kitty are used by Donna's parents, Bob Bob (played surprisingly to run by Don Stark) and blonde bimbo daft Midge (Tanya Roberts famous, who was on the show for almost half of the run). In addition, for the third season, Eric's sister from Hell Laurie (carefully played with the evil-looking Farrah-Fawcett eyes of Lisa Lisa Robin Kelly) was a great exemption to fight against the shenanigans of the 6th masses and being in Eric and his parents' sides! Kelly came back as a character of the aliens for a few eps 5 eps. But, unfortunately, Kelly's personal problems caused him to be replaced by a new actress in the 6th Season. The newbie was not long, thanks, and had gone after Eps 6 season! Unfortunately, at the end of the 7th season, Topher Grace (Eric) and at the beginning of the 8th season, Ashton Kutcher (Kelso) came out of the show and was no longer the last 8 season. Grace and Kutcher came back to the end of the series, though, giving a final lesson to the satisfaction. Most of the great helpers and characters who came could have kept a good show through nostalgia and added humor. The highest pastor of the players was the highest ever Today (played by Tommy Chong), Pastor Dave, Roy (Jim Gaffigan notable), Big Rhonda, Mitch, Earl, etc.. They also have stories of Marion Ross (HAPPY DAYS) and Betty White (MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW) to play Red Mother and Kitty, respectively. Many celebrities from the 70's also showed from Shirley Jones (PARTRIDGE FAMILY) for Pamela Sue Martin (NANCY DREW) for Charo for Ted Nugent for K.I.S.S! Continuing on! With great respect for the 70s of humanity and memory, good conversation and delivery and nonsensical, non-prisoners style of comedic stories, THAT 70S SHOW is classic television!
