For many years, we have seen many moving things done by the authors when the show had to continue no matter what, put "Code 8 Easy" after John Ritter died coming to mind, but this was the first time I cared. The idea of ​​having a "70's Display" without Eric or at least Kelso is ridiculous. They tried to close and go back to Leo with the lines of the worst story, but they always felt why you are upset when you don't have the main character again. It was not just connecting, it was a group of incompatible things that happened so much time was not funny. The last season felt like a great season for everyone, just because Eric spent a lot of time on the screen and now we have to be beaten to the face and how to ring and repeat all the characters. Considering the gimmick which Fez was not very interesting and behavior would only stop working, because the whole program was that he could say something good without place, and you can't say things from anywhere when every second row is yours. They also brought the usual cousin Oliver, just this time he was not a child. Whenever you heard someone knocking the door, you started praying it was not Randy, please let it be Randy. And randy layout is that he could make a very bad joke, usually like Red could say, exciting as a donkey and a completely forbidden delivery and donna would be in stitches. I think more than half of the last season was Donna pretending to be amused. Problems started early though: how often it was a very good show with the same concept that once it was not about family dysfunctional slowly got into the area of ​​soap opera. Everyone began to have love with everyone, emotional events were given to nausea, and only once the spontaneous emergence was placed somewhere in order to overcome the attention we were looking at "When the World Changes". I think this was the development of the character, but come on which was written almost as clumsily as moral lessons from "Family Affairs". In order to be fair, the last part, also because it had comeo's Topher Grace (a comeo in his own show), was very good, even if it wasn't funny even. The way, still more resistance to the 8th season: hell had the head of the opening? Not only did they use the same joke twice (non-singing), Fez was afraid of the spirit outside of me. Dude, do not open your eyes away. But the first five or so season, among the best comedy to advertise.
