A typical day begins with Point Point, Wisconsin ... First and foremost, the red father, the deceiver of the Forman family and the WWII veteran, sits at the kitchen table and reads his magazine when his wife's Kitty Kitty uses breakfast. Then comes their son, Eric, sitting at the table too, and his father starts screaming every day, often involving his leg behind Eric if (insert here). If the sister who fought with the angel Laurie is at home, she comes, then Red stops begging her and kindly tells him, making Eric feel that he is bound out of the family. Once this daily service (painful) is over, Eric comes down to his apartment, where all his friends are already dependent. And when we see them, it becomes apparent Eric and his girlfriend of redhead tomboy, the closest neighbor and friends of the children Donna Pinciotti are the people of the nearby sanest. Meet Steven Hyde, a conspiracy pastor who hates disco and doesn't care much about what's around as long as it's not looking to look; Michael Kelso, a kind of guy who thinks that he will only get his life by looking at him and the carrots growing in trees; Jackie Burkhardt, who considers herself to be the most beautiful girl, attacked the father of a rich father, and of course, cheerleader; and Fez, a stranger with no mixture who loves sweets and can not keep secrets. At first they hang out, blowing and cheering Kelso, but then they all sit in a circle and let them have fun ... before going out to do something they will regret later. At the same time Red goes to meet the parents of the weirdo of Donna, Bob and Midge. He is cautious, but they do not mind, as they think he plays. Everywhere is Leo, an old hippie, who is always confused and makes a word without playing. <br /> <br /> What! Do you think that was a peaceful place with all these amazing characters? Of course, many seem to "clichéd", but the show takes a cliché to a new level. Now throw in some of the worst lines of sitcom can offer, sit down and enjoy one of the best TV shows ever. That which never does twice the same thing with which is, compared to many sitcoms that are "funny funny", purely hysterical. If you're walking, don't let this show you leave. Bite on a regular hook and, with someone, you will see a sort of sitcom from all new prospects.
