Before I saw this, I was just waiting for a thin copy of the soft series of "Emmanuelle" that speaks of Sylvia Kristel. It was very amazing how this looks good. In fact it has a story, and it is very romantic. What makes 'Emanuelle's Yellow' is very good is to guide the heroine, beautiful and foreign Tea Lee. He plays his character, Emy Wong so sweet, that the viewer needs only to feel something for him when his dreams disappear around him. Emy Wong is a highly respected doctor, statuesque, and regal quality. He comes from an important family of old, where ancient customs are used. Emy will remain a virgin even if she is married, to someone she has never met. A good doctor looks similar to this planned marriage. It's just how it's done in his world. Yet he has no plan on meeting with the collapse of love and attempts to the UK who ended up under his care at the hospital where he worked. Emy decides to discontinue the custom, and gives himself to her Western man. But only after a very long relationship, as Doctor Wong is nothing but a simple woman. His attempt, George, is a good man, and he promises to marry Emy, so that he will not lose his respect and be in his strong community. No one counting a third person, Ilona Staller, who damages their relationship through a series of evil games. Emy is made to believe that he has left his man, that he just played with the player to sleep with him. His place in the community has gone, he has been wrong. The film takes an amazing surprise and amazement as this proud, elegant woman gives her job, with a good relationship with her caring father, and reduces the life of drinking and prostitution. I was surprised to see myself involved in this terrible story. I was on the edge of my seat when George clapped again in the city, and he feels at the hotel where his beautiful Emy works as a prostitute! The old festival. I think many viewers were upset with all this game. One can expect multiple sex and dirt here, but there is not much. And when there is, it is completely non-use, and very very much and soft-based. If you are a fan of Emmanuelle's first, with Sylvia Kristel, than you most likely will enjoy this, commonly known classic. I was particularly impressed with extra attention to the details. The whole area where Emy takes George home to his father on the island is very beautiful. His father shows George, and his spectacular viewer of Bonzai trees. He has a whole forest built out of these amazing trees. Not quite expected. After the night of the cable television the previous night, I spent a lot of time searching the web for a copy of the film. When I finally got it I found that the video version had been a long time. More sex? No, more melodrama. With the release of a DVD there is a debate about George suddenly keeling up with the unknown deadly diseases! In fact I prefer the version of the best cable. I am glad that this rare gem is finally released on DVD. I must also mention the beautiful movies and an amazing spectacular sound of 70. When you look at this you only get a feeling that you look at a very few things, and it's very special. I recommend to skeptical viewers who do not need sex and abuse to maintain their interests.
