Once upon a time in the castle ...... Two little girls dancing in the garden of the garden. They are sisters. Little girl (Kitty) and one brunette (Evelyn). Evelyn stole the Kitty doll. Kitty follows Evelyn. Walking through a long road, they reach a room where their grandfather, sitting on a armchair chair, reads the magazine. Kitty complains about Evelyn, while Evelyn is looking forward to a delighted picture on the wall. Evelyn begins to say: “I am a red woman and Kitty is a black woman”. Suddenly Evelyn takes a sleeping pig around and kicks the doll of Kitty and then takes off her doll. War continues. And Evelyn almost uses dance against Kitty. Grandpa interferes with the worst being avoided. Later, their grandfather tells them a story related to a picture on the wall in front of them, where a black woman is injured a woman wearing a red: <br /> <br /> "For a long time, a red woman and a woman They were sisters and hated. For one night, because of envy, a black woman entered a red woman's room and healed her seven times. A year later, a red woman came out of her grave and was killed six innocent people, and his seventh woman was a black woman. In every one hundred years, these events are repeated in this fortress and a red woman kills six innocent victims before killing a black woman herself. "Grandpa relieves her story by saying that according to the story , sixteen years from now, the red queen should come again and kill seven times. But he assures them that this is an old story. Sixteen years pass ..... <br /> <br /> This is the beginning of the film. There are twist and many surprises in the film. It is best for you to forget about the logic (if you really analyze the truth, the mythical story) and just follow the film with its amazing colors, beautiful women, clothes, decor decor, light effects and beautiful Enjoy Barbara Bouchet, Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti Also, Giancaro, among other gods. There are nude and Sybil Danning lying on a sofa which is something to dream about. And don't forget: A red-colored woman kills seven times! Do you like "La Dama Rossa ..." see also "La Notte che Evelyn uscì dalla Tomba".
