I loved (Yellow) (the film, in the closest concept of the Seussical, is said to be originally available in two translations, Yellow and Blue) was one of the biggest hits of art galleries that was first a great feeling in Sweden a great scandal / cause-celebre in the United States when one of the newspapers took place with custom and went to the High Court. What is wrong in today's photo is not what can be guilty of what has been revealed in sex or dirt - director / "actress" Vilgot Sjoman film of various events in such a way that there are many body and genitalia and often it is a little specimen but it's always more — so mentally more than a wish-like- but trying to try a 'metafilm' cleaner at the same time making a true statement about the situation in Sweden. Who knowed such things in a country of peace (ie, not neutral in foreign affairs and war) could be fierce-high politics? At least, that's part of Sjoman's goal here. <br /> <br /> As a filmmaker such as Dusan Makavajev and some of his works like WR (if not like surreal and deranged) or at least a bit bit Bertolucci, Sjoman is out of mixing politics and sex (especially politics and The social group) around the center also make comments on the positioning in the film. The two characters, Lena and Borje, have a cool-cold relationship in the story of the film, where Lena is a "pastor" of a socialist-man who shows the street for a variety of praise and 'training' in the cabinet in forests to be one of the most active, when The same perhaps also feels about his partner's sales car. And if this continues, which is itself enough for one movie, Sjoman enters himself and his staff regularly as they make this story on the film (there is even a little in the middle where, like in the rock concert, headlines fill up when the shooting of the staff whose staff is, and ignoring the use of the final symbols!) Then with this there is the whole other force as Sjoman gives a real performance, not just "hey, I am a director playing director" a bit. At first, a person cannot find this structure and that I am interested in (Yellow) is the only film where Lena is an applicant for a document asking questions on their ideas in class, socialism, Spain and Franco, and once in time we see the father of Lena or Bjore. But Sjoman does something amazing: the structure is as simple as the viewer needs to stay fingers; it is surprising that many years on photography can be surprising for the fear of mixing brief, text, film-films, and even a great interview with Martin Luther King, who also acts as a quasi-guru for Lena. You may not always analyze political cooperation, but do not compromise or even with many satirical agendas like in Godard pictures; The satire of satire is after identical to the godard but with another entire wavelength. Her anarchy is playful but not quite loaded with semantics or techniques that can eliminate the subordinate sub-launched. <br /> <br /> As I Want (Yellow) stands as a business intelligence and a full-blown journey in exploring sex in such a way that it was very attractive to how much displayed and how it all seems to be a partnership, not quite successful, I think, as an emotional experience. Where Bergman had a T to create a emotional emotional and temporal film, Sjoman is more useful to integrate with special ideas while not always a very good time when it comes to making great scenes or tricks and actors. Occasionally it works for the executives, Lena Nyman (especially shocking here in the performance she asks for a proud but confused person for a sympathetic and vulnerable person) and Borje Ahlstedt (a true true counterpoint for a bright Lena), but 40 years later it is hard to connect completely with everything that happens in Lena's and Borje's film since (perhaps deliberately) Sjoman fills with clichés (Borje has a girl and a child, he will leave, Lena will be confusing her father) and a load story from for its kind star. But however, for any Sjoman errors he may have it, considering that he means that the opinion on himself, I crave (Yellow) is standing as beautifully as an artistic experiment in measuring what can be done in Swedish cinema, or testing what can not be wiped out with awesome and romantic use. I would like to go to say that it is a great influence, and it could be copied or diverted to more than one because it was a thing of worship at that time (a special technique used, and a film to restore to the end, described in poor use in Funny Games), and should to be seen by anyone looking into the presence of privacy or meta-making. If not the best modern artistic like W.R. or Tango Last, it's close.
