Nine out of ten can be seen as a high score to give directly to a video film video that has been criticized at the US box office and is offset as a very poor work of Kurt Russell's work. <br /> <br /> I have my reasons. First, when you read the negative reviews of this film, it usually begins with the timber of Todd's definition of Todd, a soldier of the natives. I will start here too, and my surprising statement that this is likely the best piece of acting I have seen Russell excluding. Todd is a emotional disability and is experiencing severe PTSD - this film is written before it is known as it is now. <br /> <br /> Show is the top spot. Todd is removed, can not communicate and lack. He is concerned with anxiety anxiety - keyed for fever fever with training that teaches him to analyze every movement and interaction with another person for signs of betrayal and danger. His point of view makes it impossible to understand further that the work he is given to stay inside - there is a place where he refuses to load carrots and continues to do the wrong work, not to clean the ward or blood. Many translate this as a sign of his physical hardness and focus on the work, but it is also a sign that he only does the work requested by the rote - not understanding the relationship between the vegetables he makes and the food that will be future. Todd's chat is a spartan to say a little - two big talking stories he finds are based on a movie program and all describe the nature of the existence of its existence. Fear and Punishment we are told. Every time. Fear of provoking him might be pumped up to a state of caution which should not pass, and bind him already to deal with the edge of the knife. Punishment to imprison him through his fears, win and do tactically. The preference is that they do not have time to think and cannot cope with feelings. Many viewers have different interpretations of his responses to the Sandels of Nielsen - but I believe you need to translate from the perspective of a man who has only experience to accept it in the fight - trembling rushes to combat his anti-run behavior in response to fear of attack, His movements and visions are blocked - Fear and Punishment really. Then there is a lesson for its cancellation (twice in fact) - so it is a representative of how our society wants to give babies into the garbage cage when they have served their terms. 40% of unemployed are former military in our world, within it can be even worse. Russell quickly takes on the role of Mace for his wife and son - in particular they need a message, even one who is most likely to die. Then there is a military lesson too - a conflict between the Church of Busey and Hotshot from HQ, Mekum. The new Mekum men have a speed, power, more precise and aggressive. Any of them can pay Todd down - but not about the tools you have how you use. The proposed Todd was given the freedom to work and to do without the loss of the quality of the known quality techniques using tactical techniques and ignorance to cut swathe through a new unit - sent without help, covering or recognition. It is a reminder that military power cannot create a failure of leadership. There are other subtle themes. When the film is beaten and published in small quantities, it leaves many white spaces for your own translated translated. The ruler of the watch and clear mind and see what it teaches.
