This is a good movie. It has a fascinating story, an amazing characteristic, a very good acting and killing point. This is especially true in the year 2036 but shows events that have happened in the past years to tell the story. <br /> <br /> Stories are very good and no holes. Kurt Russell is a solider named Todd who is trained from birth kill and if all other soldiers have never had a normal life. Finally, the military begins the new, small, fast and powerful soldiers. Jason Scott Lee is one of them. As a result they do not need old soldiers like Todd. They are trying new soldiers to make them fight some of the former soldiers, in the war in Russell being wounded and assumed to be dead. The army throws his body along with a few others think they are all dead but they don't know that Russell is alive. Todd finds the camp filled with civilization on this planet which the army throws. For a while he lives there but he cannot fix the normal life. He rarely says a word and sometimes it is very aggressive towards other people. They feel that it is dangerous for them to take him into the desert. As Russell left the planet is attacked by new soldiers. What a soldier forgot is to train soldiers to be smart like Todd and other former soldiers. So when these new soldiers are faster and stronger than Todd, Todd takes them away easily. The Army begins to recognize this and Todd kills all men but one. That is Jason Scott Lee and finally you see the common battle between Russell and Scott Lee. Russell definitely comes from the top. <br /> <br /> This is one of the best films I've ever seen and I've seen a lot. This has everything you can pray in the film including other lines. The author also did not forget that Russell had never seen a woman before calling even women "master". There are no holes in this film, every minute has a purpose and is very entertaining. <br /> <br /> Photo of an army of one man for Rambo fans, Commando and Missing In Action. This is proposed for all fans of Kurt Russell and fans of action / sci-fi.
