In the future society, the military part does not require recruitment; instead, their candidates are selected at birth, they have been found from blocks and have been chosen to use all their lives in the public service. They are given to the war machine, body and soul, for any reason except to protect and serve; they do not have a personal identity unless the name and title, and no freedom. This is the destiny of those who are ultimately prepared in the 'soldiers,' led by Paul Anderson and playing with Kurt Russell. This situation is complicated and aggressive as the movie begins by demonstrating the training of the soldiers during the development of time, from preadolescence to adult. Russell is Sergeant Todd, the best of the best, and we see his work as he does his work as a good example in the campaign after campaign; he was born to be, a soldier. But even better can not go forever, and the day comes when Todd and his peers are no longer scholars. The new generation of soldiers have been developed, the products of advanced genetics and technology, and Todd's generation is suddenly heavy. What follows is the story of a man who must fight for his life, struggling to realize the meaning of humanity and self, a new character for a soldier who has only understood two of his life: fear and discipline. Russell gives a lot of performance like Todd, a soldier who over everything else must obey orders without question when he restrains all feelings and personal ideas. He has a few lines in this film, but Russell speaks with his eyes. This role suggests that, in fact, is one of the unknown actors of our time; that he can disappear completely in Todd's character is a loan for his ability, and for this part he created a very different person from what he had done before. And he was given a deep Todd and trust that someone of a small talent could easily be made as something more than an arrogance of pride and high. The popular exhibition also turns out here with Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel Mekum). Out of the healed hand is Jason Scott Lee, remembered as Caine 607, one of the new generation of soldiers; Sean Pertwee (Mace); Gary Busey (Captain Church); Michael Chiklis (Jimmy Pig); by Mark Bringleson (Rubrick). Anderson has released a film of action and message, a cautionary tale that takes a variety of false science. 'Soldier' ​​reminds us of the importance of keeping the stability of our lives. It is a fun way to make us take alternatives, like the future of weather and the world in which good movies won't make a lot of difference. Much like '1984,' and 'Mad Max,' this film, which finally tightens, will make you stop and think about the kind of world we all must live together and share. I measure this 7/10 rate.
