Why would I like the CRIME of DISORGANIZED so much? Why do I scream or laugh at any time I think of a dozen or more of the pictures from this film? It's kind of hard to explain, but it will give you a try. First and foremost, it is very funny - as opposed to what a lot of "official" you want to believe. But again, it depends entirely on your sense of humor, so there is no point to complain about it. Often humor is in talk, and often it is a comedy of the situation. For example there is a hilarious area that 4 members of the group have been given to lift the back of the truck. When the farmer leaves them, they stand there and on the road, cover each cow and *** or nothing. They have absolutely nothing; then, realizing the humor of the area, they for one begins to laugh on their own, and Ruben Blades (like Carlos), looking (and certainly the scent) of horrible, without enough provides at least oral medication to do something about his breath ( just describe the area here making me delete again!). Which leads to the next step: acting. Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Russ, Ruben Blades and Corbin Bernsen (the same, last take a lot of time) all are good and play their part well - in fact, you get feeling they should be enjoying too when you shoot the film. Third, there is a plot. Jim Kouf, the director and author of the picture, is placed behind; he takes his time to allow the plot to be opened and have self-independent characters. More often than not, there is no real action, and you still enjoy these 4 different people - who are trying to steal the bank though their boss (Bernsen) does not seem to turn - exciting on each other and even-only, suddenly, like each other. The movie is a wonderful technique of conspiracy bank conspiracy - not quite possible with all its twists and coincidences, but still quite persuasive in his love for the amazing details. Unfortunately, the name of the film is one of the best I've ever come, because in summary it summarizes the plot in a very unusual way. Therefore, get my advice: see this film, but if you don't hate, grin or smile during the first 10 minutes, forget - it's not your type of film. PS. The worst thing about this film is that there seems to be no way to hold the screen - if you come to know how, tell me.
