I love this film for several reasons. I have a soft spot for films about conspiracy plots such as TOPKAPI. I also enjoy the film (like TOPKAPI and BIG DEAL ON MADONNA STREET) which damages that kind. One of the best is the GROUP. Corbin Bernsen has met four years, and decides that all can be useful in the bank robbery in the small town of Montana. But he did not provide any information on crime to his fellow, nor do they know the truth. Shortly after sending her to Bernsen, she has been arrested by two New Jersey policemen (Ed O'Neill and Daniel Roebuck) who came forward and had a certificate to bring her back. While he is being kept, four colleagues (Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Philips, Ruben Blades, and Will Russ) will be shown without knowledge about why they are there except Bernsen was planning something. The first minute of the twentieth minute of this film deals with four-dimensional poles, and Gwynne and Philips can push their own suspicions to know that they should trust each other. At the same time we see Bernsen patiently waiting for time to escape from O'Neill and Roebuck again - it's not too hard if not very strong bulbs that have existed. The result is two sets of plots that will stand against each other in the film: four treasures of trying to learn Bernsen's plan, and how to put it into work, and Bernsen trying to maintain his independence from his supporters and refer to his cabin (and to hoping to find his group there for taking orders). There is also a third, small, conspiracy involving the bitterness and anger of Sheriff Hoyt Axton's domestic against New Jersey fighters who continue to get into his hair. It is a good time for films, such as Axton, sparked by O'Neil and Roebuck, in the neighborhood of a house in Bernsen who should hide in it, and shout (through megaphone, "Come out, we have a sparkle! ”, just to have a chance to switch to the great river of Montana, that Bernsen is struggling to remind you through a mile from where the police thinks he is at that time. put the oldest (Gwynne) that the position of this position is not always to guarantee anything. At one time their car will not be, and they should move a ride with a truck. Unfortunately it is a truck carrying fertilizer. effective implementation of theft, including blocking all police vehicles when necessary (special Philips are cars) is also a gem of time, doubt, and comic results.
