I saw this film first when I was 10 years old. Unfortunately I couldn't watch it to the end because it was closed at night. Now I bought it on DVD because I can remember that I loved it. <br /> <br /> This is not really a terrible movie. It has other features of fear but I have set it as fantasy. I liked but I expected a little bit more scary and scary scenes. Particularly the place where Anna's father comes to the paper to try to kill him is short. <br /> <br /> Now for a plot. This movie is about a little girl named Anna who has a patient. When he is sick and sleeping on his bed because his young player returns to finish his drawing on the house - paper sheets. While falling asleep, which often happens quickly, he finds himself near the house in a large green field. He knows that the house is the same as the one he drew and that every new explanation is also seen in his dreams. One day she takes a boy out of the house to have someone to talk to. If she forgot to keep her feet (because she sat behind the window) the boy can not walk. Later she is told by the doctor, that the boy also has this strange disease and he knows that with the boy he has taken, he also got the boy in his terrible dreams. He also realizes that it becomes more difficult and difficult to wake up from his dreams. Having lost his father who is a child out of the country puts his father in the house. He makes a mistake and his father looks very angry at painting. He tries to put out the ball but he knows that he cannot change anything that is already offered. And sometimes she sleeps sleep begins. His father is mad and blind (because he refuses s *** on his head to name him as 'invalid') and he tries to get into the paper and kill Anna and his friend. His dream became a bad dream. They can escape and kill her father and Anna can finally wake up. There was Anna finding herself in a hospital where her parents sat beside her bed. Doctors thought that came in a coma or so. They tell Anna that another boy died and that they want to travel to the sea to get more of those events. Anna draws a tower and advertising that the same tower can be found near the hotel they have traveled. He goes to the tower and meets a boy (I didn't mention his name because I can't remember and he didn't want to go back to the previous html page) and I can say well and forget those terrible dreams ever. </> <br /> There was a few things that I did not understand in the film. First of all it was the end that I really don't like. I think it's too long when the main part of the movie becomes too short. What? The boy goes to the helicopter and talks to Anna if she should be dead? Why should you put that stupid radio on the wall? I hated the place it was dumb to me. It was almost destroyed the main area of ​​fear. The things I liked were photographs and pictures of Anna's father which was the first horrible and horrible scene. I loved the boy. The actor was awesome. She was better than Anna. I also liked how Anna tries to give her father out of the painting while she sleeps and how she looks at the waste. <br /> <br /> Overall beautiful film. I offer 8 out of 10.
