My name is John Mourby and this is my story about Paperhouse: In May 2003 I saw Alfred Hitchcock psychology, I was very scared and very disturbed. I started looking for a film that was horrible in the same way. But there is no satisfactory. Among those tested and defeated were Birds, Night of the Dead, Sheep of the Sheep, Blair's Wizard, Ring, Evil, Sini's Sixth, 28 Days Later, the Chainsaw of Texas, Halloween, Welcome to Darkness , The newcomer, Tom to keep, Cell, Rosemary's child, Don't look Now, Head of Witches, Friday 13th and The Omen. That should prove I was desperate! Long after I stopped searching I realized about Paperhouse ????. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse depends on the favorite book that I own, called Marianne Dreams. Paperhouse also came in some of the books I found in the awesome films, but didn't tell about the link between the book and the film. I found the truth on the Internet, I bought a film later that day. <br /> <br /> I thought Paperhouse wouldn't be faithful to the book. Certainly it was dull of course. It was the answer to my prayer Marianne is called Anna in the film but many of the original stories are the same. One day at school Anna draws a house out of her scrapbook (no strange thing about it) and she is sick and every time she gets lost or sleeps out of an old house (and I have a really weak power). More he also finds that every time he puts something new in the drawing appears in the dreamworld, EG apple tree. Anna enters into a dreamworld boy who is a well-known boy called a score which looks like a man in the real world. Mark is a disability but wants to leave home, forcing Anna to pull out of the lighting (a place to go) but the problem still can't go. So Anna decides to draw her father. She gets her pencil and gets a lot of work, but the result has been damaged and separating Anna especially does not like her eyes. Quote "looks like mad". So Anna tries to evict her and start again, but the pencil proves absence (that means nothing can be given). Then Anna loses her anger and crosses her father's eyes! I leave you too to know the bad consequences of the rush action. <br /> <br /> The real sheet is the UK's answer to Half a night on the elm road! Looking for this film made me shock and whisper. But I have found what I looked after 2 years. The question is how the measurement matches the Psycho? Answer, 1 ancient house of darkness, 2 fears of psychological parents, 3 real shock, 4 and very awesome music.
