Anna (Charlotte Burke) keeps an extraordinary fever that makes her go into the world of her own creation. The chaotic world sparked a little boy like this old dumpy home in the middle of the field alone. A lack of detail, such as any child drawing a house and living in Marc (who cannot walk because Anna did not bring any feet) is the inhabitants of this world of thought / song. Anna begins to visit the young man and the house regularly trying to figure out what and in the process tries to help the boy, but his fever makes it difficult to ask him every time and can't kill him, but his trap and Marc is there forever. Wow! Is it a good word for the master of the roses of Bernard Rose's anger and poetry. Films that are very simple that can not be impossible to explain and impossible to forget. When you can find this puppy in your awesome place is anything but. It is more than a great fantasy, directed by skill, and largely taken by cast, especially Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speirs (Marc). And yet, it is not a children's movie either, but it means making us remember those days that are not worrying which are now dark memories. Rose creates a rich tapestry of interactive motion that creates an exciting background for brilliant stories and chief actors to play with them. Paperhouse stays away from trying to describe the features of more dreams and leaving many things with viewers. There are many signs and contradictions here to sink your teeth. Paperhouse enjoys playing games with the mind of the audience, stimulates you with the very sense of thinking. If the story was revealed I was often impressed by how the film has failed to reach the end that has left me with a smile on my face and tears in my eye. <br /> <br /> Show Bernard Rose is a brilliant here. He has the ability to create a non-dynamic atmosphere that looks simple on the surface, but generally is much larger than its total parts. Acting is Charlotte Burke a little in this, its beginning of the feature, it's really amazing thing too. Unfortunately she has not taken the screen since. Great Burnout Award looks to be appropriate for the same performance. Last end the movie is increasingly smaller here and there, but I was easy to reject it. I wanted them to come back to the darkness to form the most powerful finale that would have been proved to be extraordinary and furious. Like the movie, it is still one of the books and it deserves to be seen by any movie partner. It is a journey of poetry told by the innocent eye of a child, a powerful film that the amount left to be considered and more praised.
