My friend and I took a "Paperhouse" out of a bunch of movies to walk every week to the Free Section - none of us heard of it, but blurb on the box was pledged. And the movie was not disappointed, although I still probably do not have a terrible movie alone. 11-year-old Anna Madden draws the house, and visits it in her dreams. He is obviously asleep when he sees the house, but it is true in the sense that it is just as real reality. Which, in view of future events, does not seem like a far cry from the truth. However, he sees he can add a house, its content and its settings to just add a picture. Even though this continues, Anna is becoming more ill with fever, and instead it is getting her home and drawing. In addition, she and her mother are also caring for her absent father; he has a job that takes him for a long time, though a person gets the feeling more realistic than the story. Right, so the drawing items are good - but really there is something really scary about it. Dreamworld is eerily surreal - a house, for example, is just gray in the middle of a desolate field. People who made the film did our best to make us very worried about this developing world / dream going on ... he keeps talking about (I don't know so, you know from the time he appears to be one child). In fact, Mark cannot walk due to illness; In the drawing of Anna, she cannot walk because she did not take any legs. He condemns himself for his real disease, and he tries to correct the situation, but ... everything begins to get very good. It even brings his father who was present in the drawing, and bad results. Bits and dad are awesome. I don't want to give anything away, so I will stop there ... There seems to be a lot happening in this film. I am sure you will have a ball to explore this thing to do death with your pals after watching it - Can you? Is it a simple story as it appears, or is there meaningful passages? I don't know, but any way is very interesting. There was a "Dream on Elm Street" - the highest quality about it, for at some point the truth and dream are intertwined. I like things like that. My only complaint is that he feels like that would have ended many times, but it doesn't. I am happy with the end (some of you sensitive types may have Kleenex handy!), Although it may actually have different conclusions. However, it is not quite heard if it is more true, but when you look and it goes in, it's a little wracking of courage. <br /> <br /> However, "Paperhouse" is actually a good film. Well done, and act - especially Charlotte Burke as Anna - is a high score. Burke, who has never been before or since seen in the film, is a real gem. I don't know why he never went to do anything else, but any way he entices and enjoyable. "Paperhouse" is not a horrible movie, it's a kind of fantasy / worries / anything else of the movie, and at some time of emergency - but you can still watch it with your family and don't worry that your brother or The bride will get out of the blood and something. <br /> <br /> Give a chance, you can't regret it! And maybe you should read the book, too ...
