I miss a miss Vestron company, they certainly had their finger on the pulse of a unique and unusual film back in the 1980s. This looks very much with an amazing Paperhouse, a film that touches me every time I look at it. The concept of a girl who deals with the world of dreams and its drawings (so the world of dreams makes the truth), and also to unite and affect the life of a boy who has never met, is surprising and never disappointed. Charlotte Burke for the first time seems to be very good and is still close to her because because of being a little child, it makes it difficult for adults to believe what she sees. He becomes very intelligent and strong to the end, even to see him “does not hate boys” as he said at first. In this way we are treated for a long time of touch and some of the most horrible, all-surprising and awesome symbols from Hans Zimmer. I am very happy that the owner of the CD sound was released in the US on the RCA Victor. During this writing no DVD of Paperhouse is still available in the United States (just Europe), here's one of my wishes will happen if I really attract this beautiful film and DVD's will be very welcome! It is interesting to look at a girl thinking her as a puzzle game trying to work on a dream world for her and her new friend Marc (Elliot Spiers). Both Charlotte Burke and Elpiot Spiers are doing their best, I see the editorial comments on Amazon.com about being "hammy acting" quite amazing - I've seen every aspect of Paperhouse being good. Even in the smallest cases of wisdom as when Charlotte and the girl in the classroom are facing a glass on the door, it is very powerful. enjoy Paperhouse, just be the person who enjoys the film that stimulates and wants more. There is enough in this film to invite regular comments and still fear of movies and sets. For me, it has never looked at the film twice, because there are so many details to absorb and smell. It is really emotional experience. Even though there are many films I like, there are only a few that cause a great feeling in me: a film like Paperhouse, Static, Resurrection, and Donnie Darko. When I see many drek out through the films that will be easily forgotten and in business barrels, all I do is look at the Paperhouse and my belief in the amazing story is rebuilt.
