This film was opened for poor exhibitions in the first few weeks. Then Meena Kumari died and just brought a crowd of people coming in. Songs on all of India's Radio, especially Inhi LogoN and were played many times that I was sick at that time, despite their recognition of their beauty! Yes, it took all those years to do. This is because marriage was so happy and Kamal Amrohi also had difficulty getting money to make a film; watch the set of sumptous and dress, not surprising !! It's not just Meena Kumari age and fall ill but listen carefully to the voice of Lata. Inhi logoN does not have its 50-bit voice when songs returned as Chalo dildar chalo are showing a clear progress. I just want someone to give songs to Ghulam Mohammad that are not included in the film, because of changing the fashions that were called to a few though small songs and publishing. Lata in a recent interview (2007) confirmed Ghulam Mohammad as one of the best writers who ever worked with him, except Madan Mohan (a great personal friend). See also that you can't see all the characters in Chalo dildar, very unusual. There is only a short shot of Raj Kumar from the central distance and you can only see behind Meena Kumari. Kamal Amrohi made the beauty out of importance and focus on the stars and the moon. Any other film, this song would have the closest of both. Since this is the best film, I would like to pray. It means that you have lost many Indian movies, without a special system, film like Barsaat (formerly), Devdas (old versions), Bandini, Do Bigha Zameen, Garam Eve, Dastak, Guddi, Aan, Pyasa, Kagaz and Phool, Sahib Bibi aur Ghulam, Kabuliwallah, Abhimaan, Guide, Sujatha, Bombay by Babu, Daag, Parineeta (formerly), Umrao Jaan, etc. etc. And if you like music more than a story the same story would just grow a good score from Barsat Ki Kula to Naya Daur , Teesri Manzil, Mahal, Aag, Jugnu, Anand, Mera Naam Joker: The list is not available! <br /> Enjoy Pakeeza but don't miss any of the above.
