The First Feature of Giallo of Emilio Miraglia, The Evelyn Night came out of the grave, was a great mix of fear of Giallo and Gothic - and this second film is better! We have more than Giallo on the equation this time around, although Miraglia does not lose Gothic horror stylings which made the original film as fun. Miraglia places more emphasis on the good details of the conspiracy at this time, and as a result it is typical of Giallo's labyrinth, and the characters everywhere and red filters are thrown every few minutes. This is a definite bonus of the film, however, as time can get a bit too confused when; there is always enough to hold the interest of the audience and the story of Miraglia has improved since its original movie. The plan opens and the area that looks like two girls are fighting, before their grandfather tells them the story behind the prestigious painting. This story is about a woman called the 'Red Queen' who, her story contains, returns from the grave every hundred years and killing seven people. A few years later, killings begin to happen ... <br /> <br /> Although he did just Giallo, Miraglia has his own set of heads. It is clear that red color is important to him, as it is very relevant in both films; and it seems to have something against women called 'Evelyn'. He loves castles, Gothic atmosphere and delicate killing too - which is the same as me! Miraglia may be no Argento when it comes to shedding blood, but certainly knows how to stop on top killings in his film; and here we are happy to share the Volkswagen Beetle, and death on the iron fence which is one of the events of Giallo's death at all times. The female casting group is the best and Barbara Bouchet's amazing and Marina Malfatti led to the cast of women who are not afraid to take their clothes! The title of Bruno Nicolai's mark is interesting, and even though most of the psychedelic rock you have heard in The Night Evelyn Came Out of the grave; fits well film. The latter is something to turn off, as though Miraglia returns to the Gothic state, it comes to a little more run and the identity of the killer is very clear. But however, this is the fun of entertainment Giallo and one that I highly recommend for fans of forms!
