Kangwon Province's second effort is the second group of Hong Sang-Soo and with much of what he started with his previous film back to this film, including many linked stories (in this case, two), and stories worries or trouble relationships, with a large measure of neglect. One thing that was disconnected from its original work is the concept of aircraft that includes surgical elements. However, this film also has one surreal time that differentiates the distinction of realities in it. Two stories follow a young woman who travels to Kangwon Province and her friends, just to get built by a stranger, second to a man who also travels to Kangwon Province with her friend and struggles with her alright. Again, Hong shows a strong understanding of having a demolition of humanity and still thinking she can't be worried about her characters, drawing only enough mercy to stop the opposition she draws with her anger. I think I liked to love Hong movies that they just feel real, especially hard and worried characters. It is not to say that everyone is a foreigner or feel a sense of frustration, but rather, that the characters he and the actors present, feel fully and reliable. <br /> <br /> This is not a moving film. There is much to lose and like the previous film, things did not connect immediately so the patience pays and surprisingly. It does not seem that any aspect of the film is not deliberately filmed in the film and has made my limited knowledge of the various characters seem to be extra like if they are hit on the mix as the film continues. <Br /> <br /> The power is a good film that can bring a sense of personal feelings, sadness, lust for the story that shows that it is unacceptable and the destruction of human decision. It is very good to keep and surprises how Hong can remove it twice in a row. The technical production standards have been more successful since the first film and the trend has been clear and clear. This film does not have this emotional packet that first makes, but it gets a lot of out of its search and effectiveness to help improve all the vision. Watch too much for movie lovers. 8/10.
