Fever's temperature consists of many clichés that we have come to recognize with the Hollywood attractiveness of Hollywood: the relationship between the two people who are rare, the secret has hidden that she finds, breaking the inevitable, and the most public? well, I can't go any further but you get a picture. Despite its predictions, it works, especially if you like baseball like me, though I am not quite as obsessive as Ben Wrightman, a teacher of Boston played by Saturday Night Live Comedian Jimmy Fallon. From the novel by Nick Hornby and former screenplayers Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel, Ben is a Boston Red Sox fan who has ever given him a seasonal ticket when he was seven years old and he has been kind of emotional instability at all times the life and effects of its relationship with women. Ben is not just a fan but a "lover" who travels Fort Fort, Florida every season of the Red Sox Spring Training and never misses a home game at a normal time. His family has no parents or siblings but his colleagues who attend each game with him and his bedroom are not a place to sleep but a Red Sox museum. When he falls to business consultant Lindsay Meeks (Drew Barrymore), he is threatened with the possibility of growing but Ben is ready to do so. He would like to attend the Yankee series rather than go to Baltimore to meet his parents or go to Paris with him and miss the series of Anaheim. It takes its relationship to close and delete, by stopping and thinking about its priorities, especially when gold-size Dr Phil wannabe ask him, "Do you love the red sox, but have you loved you back?" When the nose of the Fever's nose is that other things are more important than baseball (to destroy ideas), you will never know from things. Of course, for anyone known by the history of Boston Red Sox, it is a team that will break the hearts of many of its dying fans - but this is 2004, the curse of Bambino reached the end as the red Sox moved to a new level, Ben can do just that. Two leadership exhibitions are best and the Farrelly Brothers even control the best gag. When the Fever Blow is not wrong with the film of art, it's a fun romp that you'll have to go down as one of my pleasures of guilt. Go to Blue Jays !.
