In fact, I don't know anything about football, I'm not a fan of sports, but that did not stop you from enjoying the latest film of Farrelly's brother, Fever Pitch, an emotional romance. Movies are not true about baseball; Rather, it is true about relationships, and emotional outbreaks that can often occur. Jimmy Fallen? give its best performance to this day? stars like ben, dorky, a very good teacher of school. Ben is a kind of boy, who unfortunately has never grown up, and encourages drugs near the Red Sox soccer team. Ben has given his life to Sox, and he does everything to make a trip to Florida for spring training to decorate every square inch of his home in team bonds. One day, as he earned a geometric respect for a trip to his office, Ben meets Lindsey (going to Dsey Barrymore). Lindsey is a corporate, kind of girl's work, but she has a kind of cutting that Ben finds quite pleasing. At first she tries to ask him out, thinking that he is a way to "out of" his class, and Lindsey does not see a good partner at Ben. Their first day comes the start of a disaster when Lindsey was hit by a serious food poisoning case? and its renewal access provides the first light that we, in fact, look at the movie of the brother of Farrelly. Instead of accepting Lindsey's - rather quick - a reflection request, Ben keeps close to playing nurse, order, and caregiver. So Ben makes a toilet and dog teeth, while his love is found with a bucket next to his bed. Lindsey gets up in the morning to find him lying on his bed, begins a long, effective process to break down a state of anxiety and disappointment that he has come to think of as his standards. Recently they fall in love, with Lindsey with a consent to accept the worship of the fanatic Ben for his game. After winning the election season for his beloved uncle, Ben has planned his life around the season? he has never missed a game. But their relationship, which has gone without a hitch during the winter, fights during the beginning of the season. Lindsey wants Ben to do other things, like holidays with his parents and party with his friends, but Ben begins to have trouble strengthening his interest to meet Lindsey half. Lindsey can agree to their commitment to summer boys to make their relationship work? Can he really focus on Ben's brain and games? Is the fan of a hard and powerful fan of real love after all? Of course, Lindsey and Ben comes with the color of the friends of the opinion. Lindsey's daughter, strong and rich Robin (KaDee Strickland), insists that there must be something wrong with that person while still not 30 years old. However, Sarah (Pastor Marissa Jaret) and Molly (Ione Skye) provide more comments of hope and good Ben. Ben's independence can be used next to any sports fan, while Lindsay's pain can be a representative of any woman who has mounted phone work. Fallon is as strong as Ben, showing the real ability of real screens, winning the most important challenge of keeping Ben becoming angry. Barrymore, at the same time, is very appealing as Lindsey was very strong, especially if he is trying to accept Ben for who does not lose his own needs. The Fever Fever is working, and even though there are lots of times that have emerged, the film also covers a great problem of addiction to games and how difficult it can be for couples to talk about this delicate area. Most of the films were held in the Fenway Park of Boston, which adds a good sense of loyalty to the case, as well as the sports environment, though fully aware of what the team has set up to have the limits of baseball players. However, the Fever pitch is blessed with a highly effective and wise script that even the novice baseball fans will have a lot of connections. Mike Leonard September 05.
