Yes, volunteers. Let's say "The Fever Blow" can deceive you in believing it is a baseball movie. But no, you don't have to be a fan of baseball to enjoy this picture from the brothers of Farrelly. But of course, if you are one, you will enjoy even more; and all references (most appropriate, I would say) to Boston Red Sox and its interesting history; from the curse of Bambino and everything associated with it, including the two words that you cannot pronounce before the fan of Boston: Bill Buckner. Drew Barrymore and Jimmy Fallon show two people who, usually they have a second idea of ​​getting into a relationship: someone who gets a better job who also joins school teacher? Thing is, the attitude of Fallon conquers Barrymore's heart to be funny, caring, sweet and perfect perfect. But his friends ask him a question of logic: if he is a protector, why is he still on the market? Enter Sofia red Boston. He has been very dedicated to his team since his uncle passed through his ticket season; he has never missed a home game of Red Sox on Fenway Park for a long time. And the wrong balance, how much does it happen to stop the girl's failure; and how much the teacher who loves to love to play in order to keep another love of his life, is what this film is about. <br /> <br /> At first, you might think that the most extreme games of the movie are salt for comic aid. Well, I'm sad to accept, not. I myself, as a dying fan of Houston Astros, can say that it is true. I will try every possible way to see every game of Stros; listen to them on the radio or follow on the Internet. I read a part of the Chronicles games every day. And yes, my room looks like a Shed gift shop, the Maid Park Minute; with a full closet of Astros gear, including 5 jerseys, 20 t-shirts and you know others. Characteristics of Fallon also has a Red Football Player MBNA MasterCard. Fallon was reliable enough to be as loyal to the Red Sox, though he could remove it without being a cartoon (Thank God Adam Sandler was not in it); and the plot went around how this couple tried to manage each other's desires. I would say that it will be a classic romantic comedy. Not enough to be among the best movies in history; but it certainly breaks the mold into a variety and it attracts enough for men and women alike.
