I must admit that I went to the Fever hole and low expectations. It is not a great revelation for me to say that the last movie of Jimmy Fallon (Taxi) was bad for the Catwoman, and the tractors for the Fever Step were the same but it didn't stand. I was ready to prepare a cheesy baseball puns for my review ... <br /> <br /> "I love Jimmy Fallon, but the taxi was one strike in her movie career. Sure, now we have steeeeee-riiiiiike twoooooooo! more, and it's returning to SNL! "or" Buy your own nuts and cracker covers, but don't buy tickets on Fever Fever. Then the movie was going to be a more entertaining way than I expected. But hey, I can't allow my puns to disappear, right? Another reason I thought I would not handle the movie is that I hate Boston Red Sox. My whole family hates' em. Just mentioning Pedro Martinez's name gets me running on the bathroom. O man, you hold ... <br /> <br /> ... Well, I have come. However, my mother, who is a fan of St. Cardinals Louis, still believes that the World Series was standing last year. He refuses to believe Sox won legally. But I am enough to admit that the Fever pitch has caused me to sympathize, although it is only a little bit, and the problem of the Red Sox fans. Anyone who has a passion for sports will be able to engage with this movie on a certain level. When you have a favorite sports team you can not fully understand the highs and lows which fan such as Fallon's Ben can go through. Nothing is as clean as the smell of the new season and nothing is as smooth as a fresh slate. Well, to say for example. It's fun to be a fan of games. "Try" until next year, "becomes your mantra, your identification, your prayer - and Fira's error takes this essence. <br /> <br /> I love the fact that the movie takes a false story and gives us a real background of The life of the Red Football 'impossible World Series run last year. I don't like very much that I want to get married, but you know what I'm saying. I expected that this would be used in a fun way, and when some humor is a little silly, it's really pretty realistic. <br /> You see, Ben's uncle took him to his first game Red Sox when he was 7 years old, and when he died he left Ben's two season tickets. Ben never missed a game in 23 years. At the beginning of each season he has a draft. The day he and his friends gather to find out who is going to the games with him, he makes everyone play for Yankees games and everyone complains threatens to ticket for games with Royals (sorry Mr. Sha) de) and Ray Ray. It is a very good place, and it works well because I really know people who are doing "ticket date." I must also admit that I can relate to when Ben likes to eat food with Lindsey and his parents. Sox red is playing a game of road, but instead of watching it live on TV Ben decides to wipe it. One of the most dangerous things in life is to hit the game and then be in the public and try to avoid hearing the results. You were there. It is a very serious and scary situation. Weeeeeell, Ben enters the dangerous area when the guy shows it on the restaurant and says watching the game. Ben regularly covers his ears and starts fun as banshee to hear the results. Lindsey is shy, and her parents do not know what to think. Well, sports fans can be wonderful, I don't believe. But it's true. Now if you are looking for improper, small things that the Farrelly brothers are known for then you may be disappointed. They have their time, although Ben says he likes how Lindsey sometimes says out of his mouth "as a victim of stroke," but in general this is obvious, more romantic which bros are put on display / <br /> That's not to say that the movie finds the way too sappy. Interestingly, when the array starts around a little, Farrellys know when to pull. During a romantic relationship with Lindsey to fly on the field and run to Ben to announce his infinite love for him turns to Ben responding faithfully, "You have to tell me about the outside. Is it spongey?" Jimmy Fallon proves that with the appropriate material he can devote himself to the big screen, and Drew Barrymore still has a source of romantic romantic charm. Fever's temperature is just good, a solid entertainment that takes a little look for romantic romantic colors. It's a movie that guys and gals can all relate to. Especially boys who perform fanaticism games at some time during the year and women who should deal with 'em. Now as the fans of Sofi red can please install on "Bambino Curse" I would enjoy it. My Memphis Tigers have never won the NCAA basketball championship, so I declare my biggest problem than yours. The GIST merchants of Jimmy Fallon, Drew Barrymore, romantic comedy, Sofia red, baseball, or fanaticism games generally should focus on giving Fever Pitch look. I can't go out of my way of refuge and see it first time, but it will make a big matinée. <br /> <br /> Rating: 3.25 (out of 5)
