This is a good movie for romantic lovers and the same website. Drew Barrymore can be the best in this film. As a Drew fan was very good to see him looking after several collapse. I was worried about Jimmy Fallon but she was sent quite as ben comical, crazed games sweetheart. Comedy in this movie is good, there was some short laugh. Their first day started rock when he was showing in his house and flowers and was sick with his stomach to eat new food early in the day. Instead of leaving it helps to take care of her, help her to turn on the pajama and then clean the puke on her toilet and the bathroom later tell her that she was 'lady-like… no chunks.' Everything goes between Ben and Lindsay all the time of the winter but then the baseball season begins. Lindsay begins to realize how Ben knows so well with the red sox and why this person who looks good is still one. He is trying to lose and think it is a good thing if he has a lot of work and does not feel guilty for making extra hours while in sports. He even buys all the books on the Red Market can get it including one on the 'Bambino Curse'. Everything goes well until Lindsay has a false alarm if it has lost its period. Both of them enable them to realize how they are getting and begins to question whether this is someone they like to have. The most touching part of the film is after telling him that he has had his period to show him sadly to remove the red baby Sox stone had bought only if he was pregnant. Ben finally tries to show him how important he is and decides to go to his birthday party after saying "I should look at my calender and when I saw there Red Sox / Yankee game I knew I would be going stag." After Ben's party tells him it is 'a good night of his life'. Shortly after calling from his pal who went to the game he left for the party and told him "ITI NDILE GAME ONLY!" Ben freaks out about missing and ended actually Lindsay when he says "a few minutes ago you say this was the best night of your life" says "well that was a few minutes ago." So it separates you for a while, she knows how her baby is growing and decides to sell her seasonal tickets that she inherited from her uncle because if she didn't want to 'remind her of what she left'. Lindsay finds through a friend and decides to stop the note he does for her. It is very interesting to show how his childhood love for baseball has been closed with new love, Lindsay. They still go to the games and even attend the final game of the World Series with St. Louis and are happy to finish it all around. 2 thumbs up!
