Clint Tollinger comes to a small town looking for his wife's wife and news of his daughter, tho he sees, the chance of any kind of reconciliation is very small. While here, the sheriff and capitalization of important cities learn the reputation of Tollinger as a professional city tamer. Since they live in fear of a real estate owner who destroys a city from them a little, they make a meeting that chooses to employ Tollinger to eliminate the city of improper things. Guns seem to be a forgotten or substantial piece of the same appearance, during this writing, has more than 200 votes and 9 user comments written for it. It is embarrassing on any color because although the values ​​of production say that this is a Western Western Western, this is a good entry into Western species. That piece takes the theme of a common city of the harangued plot has turned to the angel who overcame the darkness, perhaps not the most favored film over the years, I am reading the synopsis and I think it's just another thing in the same line of the same picture. However, I was shocked to find a picture of a fun and enjoyable dark time, both technically and as a story that works. Robert Mitchum leads as a Farmer, completely thrown, including photographs as some risk of freezing. We often talk about the presence of the screens that John Wayne and Charlton Heston were sure of.), Mitchum is higher and better. A sequence here you see standing in the shadows behind the room as the meeting takes place, we do not see his face, but we can feel that the baby gives birth to us! Some of the cast is also the shadow of Mitchum, in fact it is only an adult that the characteristics of acting film are high, perhaps the right to want a Ted de Corsia one for a kick, but the failure of Man With The Gun is small together and its criminals, and sadly de Corsia has no kind of danger to villainesque. The blows from Alex North are the best layered {fans of Spartacus sure that their pricking ears up} and the movies from Lee Garmes are very surprising when someone knows that many of this image was hit on the label lots. He led and wrote the first-time director Richard Wilson, the Man and Guns has a little surprise for that kind, but it's dark for tone, violence and above all, very powerful. 7.5 / 10
