Special day (Ettore Scola - Italy / Canada 1977). Every time, you see a film that is very sensitive. This provides a very simple premise, almost implemented easily with every way and moving with surprises at the same time. It's amazing Ettore Scola's "You have a giantate particulare" is the amount of unheralded, even hated by other critics. Middle Time calls 'garbage' and Leonard Maltin, much less, 'good but it reduces.' I just don't agree, just because this film is deeply moving, but within its simple story shows more insight into daily life in Italy fascist than many films I saw. The movie is quite clear, even a little, with a straightforward story, which can describe a relative of the favorite movie. Considering the '70s' deceased audience was not completely destroyed by the great Italian movies, it is not even one visitor to share with critics. The movie begins with a 10-minute collage of photography pictures from Hitler's visit to Italy on 8th 1938. Contrary to this history, when we meet Antonietta (Loren), a loving, loving widow six children in the apartment of romania. One day, when his Beo fled, he met his neighbor Gabriele (Mastroianni), who appears to be the only one in the building that does not attend the ceremony. She is cautious, reluctant and soon she is attracted to him. During all the film, we hear the fascist meeting from the concierge radio right through the flower. Scola playfully uses the camera to make us part of the case. After the opening area, the camera runs a modern modern fence (hypermodern at that time), apparently looking for our great characters, who we have never met. Marcello Mastriona and Sophia Loren do not recall themselves in two leading roles, all of the most surprising due to being beaten up against the kind. Canada born John Vernon has a husband of Loren, but she is on the screen for the first and last area. I think his voice must be called, because he is not of Italian descent and has never lived there, with my knowledge, so I can imagine he speaks Italian. If his voice is published, I have never seen it. On the contrary, he is completely trusted as Italy, even more than all others. The story is simple but very effective, the performances are excellent, the end is just perfect and the form does not come as a lot of work but it works entirely. Don't miss this. Cameras Obscura --- 9/10
