As already installed, the best version of Homer history. Strapped entirely in natural areas in the Mediterranean. Sea and sky are blue-blue, green and non-blue islands. Clothes are linen, cotton and fur, stony environment and clear, everything is some rugged and primitive, little what you can find in Cacoyannis or Pasolini movies, and makes it all more realistic. Although the story is based on the theory and it goes naturally, it gives us a good idea of ​​life in the 10th century BC can be like. <br /> <br /> Music is slow and unfamiliar, but it's all very good to quickly get into it. True, it is surprisingly close to the original plot with Homer, if not in the text itself. Ulysses does not appear until the first hour, begin to focus on his son looking for him. Then suddenly he disappears into the storm, the country on the island of Wapacias where the royal family takes care of him. His adventures are told in a flashback as an explanation for his hosts: A horrible Cyclop, the world of magic of Circe, Underworld, Sirens etc. He finally returns his land to Ithaca after 20 years, and it is all approaching rapidly with the murder of his faithful wife Penelope . As a story, the Odyssey is an unprecedented example of a person's life problems. Sent is a brilliant and international here. Irene Papas gives us a typical Greek function of Greece as Penelope, but most remarkable is the Albanian actress Bekim Fehmiu as Ulysses. Seen well and convincingly, it seems the role was made for him. Unfortunately he was never given the responsibilities of this situation later. Also play Nausicaa is Barbara Bach (like Barbara Gregorini) who later known as James's Bond Girl at "The Spy Who Loved Me", and play Athena is Michele Breton, who was otherwise noted in an amazing movie called "Performance" by Mick Jagger. If it was done 35 years ago, this series was actually an innovation in its time, as the first European collaboration for TV (Italy, France, Germany and Yugoslavia). I have seen this mini series in the 8th place on French television back in 1974. I was a little child at the time, and though all of them were black and white, it caused a lot of sense. All my life for a long time I wondered if I could get a chance to see it again, if it has never been shown on a French TV later. I have recently found a copy on the DVD (all in amazing colors) via the Internet. Unfortunately it's Italian without subtitles, although the French and German versions were present at that time. I have never heard of any English version of this film as unknown in the Anglo Saxon world, and it is absolutely disgraceful. If you get a chance to watch this, you can't forget it forever. There were no many versions of the Odyssey before or after that. One of Camerini in 1955 with Kirk Douglas is a string-and-sand sword as "Ten Commandments", but not as surprising and short-term for such a complex story. One of 1997 and Konchalovsky is a fantastic movie of Hollywood, based on special effects, sometimes quite, very unpredictable and far from the story of Homer and atmosphere.
