No, this is not a series of OVA series of events, but a remake of events that took place after the death of Ghim (and disappearance of Woodchuck). It is also more appropriate for the novels that led this amazing series, and why the characters (ie Orson and Shiris) come back again, and why the story may seem quite different from what was used for OVA. (This book was included in the sets provides better answers to questions such as doing different web sites.) The first eight sections of this TV series 27 focus on the terrible battle on the Mountain Demon Dragon. The remaining 19 events will tell us Spark, a blue-colored wannabe who informs Parn, and his team of misfits while trying to stop Pastor Wagnard from raising Kardis Destroyer. not very similar to the original LODOSS warfare (we all like finale where Parn saves Deedlit from Wagnard, don't you?), this track of TV is still fun for fans of fantasy. Even if animation is low (and step from under the art of the first LODOSS), this series of 27 sections has its appeal elements. A fully identifiable characters, pretense story, magic, romance, and sound sound made by Kaoru Wada of NINJA SCROLL, all offer this inputs. <br /> <br /> When the OVA dub of LODOSS has been charged for one reason or another, I loved it in general and still see it as one of my favorite dubs. So I had great hope for the dub for CHRONICLES, made in 1999-2000. For the most part, the English track of LODOSS TV is of quality approved (if not stellar); it has, however, has its share of problems. Many of the original cast who gave their English voice to the characters of the return of LODOSS (including Lisa Ortiz as Deedlit!), Which is a good bonus. On the other hand, Billy Regan's Parn sounding mature is a little offputting. He does not work badly, but his voice reached as a division of the first eight events (causing some fans to fight the dub to erase the dub), but by the time Spark and the company took action, I got less discomfort. (I don't know whether it was because it improved or whether it has grown up on me.) Also, not everyone from the return of OAV. Jayce Reeves just a voice Wagnard (severe) to one place; she has been changed by Pete Zarustica for the whole show, who gives scratchy, but still turn sharply (with the bad laughter expected). Kashue Anthony Cruise, on the other hand, is very tired and takes about five pieces or so to get his strike. Oliver Gregory is very likely as Orson, especially during his last major events. In addition to Lisa Ortiz (Deedlit), Karen Smith (Shiris), John Knox (Ashram), and Al Muscari (Slayn)), the best sound of dub comes from some of the new characters, including Crispin Freeman (Spark, Maar, Garrack-episodes 16-27-), Roxanne Beck (Little Neese), Meg Frances (who has a Pirotess voice in OAV but also voice Ryna and danger and sassiness with Karla) and especially Angora Deb (who stole every area she is like Leaf half Elf). Some of the cast are not terrifying in any way, but not much more than OAV dub. Some are the same (Aldonova, Greevus) while others are missing (hobb, house guards, dragons, etc.) and a few were bad (especially, VA Prince Reona is very bright and monotone for the right fighter). > It is actually a lack of aural (some members sent to receive a new voice for some undisclosed reason when we reach some future periods) is one of the dub problems. Others include unacceptable and sad conversations, uneven interactions, and finally (I apologize early for fans of this) groups of ISODOSS ISLAND. These errors, super-closure interludes at the end of each section will either boil or run you batty. Agree, I began to see them as a big problem, but they were over me over time. (Besides, there are vivid lines such as "I am King Kashue, and this is my CASHEW! I've had quite a nut!") These rights set the dub for only a few CHRONICLES under it to OVA, leading to English surveillance differ you have described it better as "similar". If someone is wondering if tracking Japanese language is a choice to listen, well, what do I think? The Japanese version has its good and bad points, too. Although some voices are no longer worse than English language, I have seen others not accept more than English standards (especially, the actor who does Deedlit not close to Lisa Ortiz OR Yumi Tohma). Plus, I must mention that the Japanese cast is not the same as OVA. Because the series took place seven years after nature, all but one (Sho Hayami) of the cast members are replaced by new. Although they are doing a good job, it can be a disgust for those used for the Japanese OVA panel. It shows that not everything Japanese is better than English, eh? Despite its errors, KRONICLES ZA HEROIC KNIGHT is still a good series that you deserve to possess its land. It is not without its bad advertising and it does not live for everyone who preceded it, but there are good points to cope with evil, and make it a fantasy fantasy of Anime.
