In terms of art, the 1970s was a very difficult time. In the scriptures and the visual art, it was closed for fifty or sixty years of creativity which has not yet begun. In music it was ten years that many feel as a minimum, due to the corporate rock and disco. At the television was a golden age for match matches, from The Odd Couple to Mary Tyler Moore Show for M * A * S for All In the Family, but in the film it was a great period of creativity, in each kind, who saw the rise of US reporters like Robert Altman, Francis Ford Coppola, and Martin Scorsese - from the ashes of the old label systems that had dominated Hollywood for more than a century century. These directors wanted to work on learning, artistic art for the masses, of which was the largest in Europe since the end of World War II. However, these studios tried to walk, and social films that are not available since the 1930s. But, contrary to the 1930s movies, stars like Jimmy Cagney and John Garfield (usually associated with Dead End Kids), which were concerned and social issues in a true false way, or in fact if one can get a sound action, the social awareness of the late 1960s and early 1970s emerged a lot of false fiction, which allowed Wing left Hollywood to preach to the people under the shadow of what was taken over the comic player's entertainment. There was a preliminary introduction of this technique, for several films of the 1950s of the placards of the McCarthy-based politician especially exactly the day the World Continued and the Invasion of the Criminals. And in the early 1960s he saw Rod Serling having lost the political situation of the time by hitting social issues in science science on sci-sci scientist scientist. Among the label offerings of this time were the Silent silence of the environment; The first film of George Lucas THX 1138, which dealt with humanitarian use, thinking group, and crime; and Logan's Run, which struck off in communism and government control against individual rights. Other film references are very large - and reek of the current Arab oil crisis and rising inflation. Several newsletters of the newsletter are up to 150 dollars, and a series of Soylent Yellow-Soylent Yellow, Soylent Red, and the new Soylent Green, are used through 'low-water growth,' in a different way with gas testing at that time. The events of the food riots are the exhibition of oil fuel in many gas stations during the release of the film, and the growing events, and bodies, living and dying, lies about all are still cold, with great influence . The future film as to avoid New York is a definite generation. All parts of the script, and Stanley R. Greenberg, however, are rather feet, and are similar to the dystopian rate, but Fleischer and cinema movies Richard H. Kline performs a good job of filling screens for photos and attractive sounds, for the items top items. The best used, well-published, published, add to Stygiano's efforts to New York's film, almost like the color version of Carl Theodor Dreyer of Vampyr. The only light in the film comes from fake sources, and not for faux fashion pas film can actually be seen without time. At the end of the film, where Thorn goes into the processing plant where human bodies are made in the green soylent onions, it is terrible, and unusual drama. At the end, the Soylent minority hunt Thorn down, but lives long enough to catchphrase film for Chief Hatcher. However, one does not know if it is enough, because Hatcher has already chosen, and has a track record of the simplest way. However, this fact, and its controversy, suggests that the film is no longer good character of the characters, and has a lot of future, the best film, sci fi or not, they do not. It is also why Soylent Green is still a movie to watch.
