Write a document. That's one way to describe the River on your right side: The modern Tale of Cannibal. The film follows a skeptical man Tobias Schneebaum, who is 70 years old on his way to a place where he was a pastor of a field more than 40 years ago, first to Papua West then Peru. Tobias is a perfect character: a modern Israelite man who tries to live on a cruise ship of the ships that he has come with respect and great knowledge. The author of several books of his time and all of the people of Asmat of Papua West and the Imperiments of Peru, Tobias has been angry with what happened during these times and how his relationship with his relationship was very close. However, Tobias' wonderful answer and thanks to the places he knew are interesting and happy to look at. One can only hope and attain that humility. Tobias makes the subject of compulsory learning if the experience she has suffered in jeopardy in these two tribal communities has left a fundamental change. This film proves the ideas of values ​​and "nature" - e.g. fraud, homosexuality, terrorism. (See the area of ​​the graphic circumcision). When asked why he did some of the local actions that some would reject morally, his non-judgmental situation asks: "Why not?" Who will say the way of other cultures is right or wrong? This little child must look at the National Geographic types not only, but also those who love art. This film shows what can be done on the video. The layout provides a revelation of the stability of the life of Tobias that leaves you looking into the mind. Sometimes, he enjoys himself while being influenced by film workers to make the emotional journey back, especially based on his age and physical weakness. We may be but we are grateful that Tobias allowed the table to turn yourself, perhaps the sympathizing and the desire to understand humanity and man's position on earth. The film staff provides a particular time of significant equality, for example a historic man who believes that Tobias predicted the consequences of (homosexuality in this case) according to his personal interests. That said, you can't decide when to stop being shocked and when you take this person home to cuddle. Move on the Queen's River, this is the best trip to the river that I took for a while.
