The World's 1973 Festival of SOYLENT GREEN is what we can see if we don't care. It is a world in which New York City's population has scored 40 million mark in 2022. Air pollution, air pollution, annual heat waves, and food shortages are dominant. The only hope comes from a food product called Soylent Green. But what do these foods actually do? This question is in the heart of this dated film but it is still interesting, according to the novel of Harry Harrison of 1966 "Make room! Make room!" Star Charlton Heston as Thorne, a NYPD detective who comes on the murder of chief executive officer (Joseph Cotten). If it turns, Cotten was in the board of directors of the Soylent Agency, people involved with all food items that people should eat instead of the real thing. Heston believes that this was not just a murder of garden species, which cotten it was closed because. He receives a lot of help from his "cantankerous" book very little (Edward G. Robinson, in his first 101 and last appearance), and a few reminders of when the world has been. What Robinson knows about Soylent Green shocks him over all the ideas; but before telling all the Heston he knows, he has joined himself. And when Heston knows the secret of Soylent Green ... well, the part is made improper in the history of the movie. Under the leading guest of director Richard Fleischer (BOSTON STRANGLER; FANTASTIC VOYAGE), SOYLENT GREEN is a very good and stimulating view on the future of Dystopian that humanity can be alive if we cannot prevent behavior Our eradication of our planet natural resources. In fact, this was a project that Heston himself had had in mind to hide movies since 1968, after he beat gold in a sci-fi and PLANET OF THE APES - a fact that might be lost whenever he has a conservative political philosophy coming in The conversation (after all, SOYLENT GREEN is not complicated for uninformed humanity). Robinson, as always, is the last state expert in his last role; The sequence where he is involved (as he watches the world video from the best time, put Tchaikovsky music, Beethoven, and Grieg) is quite simple. The film also benefits from the good support from Chuck Connors (like a very heavy heavy), Brock Peters (as Heston's head), and Leigh Taylor-Young as a woman who tries to help Heston in her questions. <br /> <br /> It should be seen to be easy these days to dismiss SOYLENT GREEN for being dated. But those who do so should think twice; for this world of film it may end up to us really if we don't look at what we do and what we have today.
