Just another film instead of Green Soylent which has the same air of hopelessness is in the Dead. All these films are concerned with the effects of the species and the planet from man-made practices. On the Sea and nuclear war with Green Green and the environment of the world. Perhaps there is a reason for some expectations because as in 2007 we did not reach one of the worlds mentioned in the films and we were required at the moment. New York City still has 8 million people not 22 million at the end of millet as described in Soylent Green. Environmental experts say this film show as a result of global warming results. For me it also shows the right life values ​​to run amuck. Obviously there is no fertility program here. Charlton Heston is a NYPD detective who lives with his partner room Edward G. Robinson who is old enough to remember the World before the catastrophe. There has been an assassination, Joseph Cotten executive and Soylent Agency, a national concern that has come with food products, a variety of color types in many colors to feed the world's population. It's the most recent products are Green Green. The investigation finds Charlton Heston looking for his man, but it also causes horrible facts about the Soylent Organization and the future of mankind. Heston screaming at the end of Soylent Green being made by the people, that we have been running the newborn, the terrible thing is that there is no alternative. We've exhausted the planet and we should eat our dead live. This was the performance of Edward G. Robinson's deficit and in Heston's advice he spoke to Robinson's ease although they had different political views. A few weeks after Robinson was arrested that the last area of ​​his screen was destroyed by euthanasia, he died in real life. Many did not do it, but Heston knew that Robinson was standing and there was no acting in the final death zone between the two. Though the schedule was over, it does not mean that the expected world and Green Soylent could happen. We hope we will not only have intelligence, but a sense of collective responsibility to put it into place.
