"The Garden of God" is a prime example of "famous women's writings", returning to the XX century style, combining all the power of non-foreign and non-foreign reveries with a delightful fake of false falsehood and sado-eyeschistic scandal. Catholic. As Jane Eyre could not be happy until her fortress was burnt near her and her lover had been bound for her sins, or the heroine of "Rebecca" could not find true fulfillment in her marriage until her husband was charged for her. The murder of his first wife (and his fort burned near him), or the poor Psyche could not leave well alone and had to remove the secrets of Cupid at all costs, Domini, the faithful Catholic hero of this piece, could get a recognition of The fact of sex is enough to marry someone who has rejected his sacred religious promises. If all these stories aim to stimulate the female reader and stimulate the steam, this depends on the old tricks in the book: the misunderstanding and the inability to describe the true sense of truth in the right place and at the best time until it is late. The logic is that any sexual end of sex can be extended as long as someone wants to ultimately pay enough for the reconciliation in the last act. Paul Claudel has been reduced to the salon magazine. Oh well ... It may be worse and often was ... <br /> <br /> Without religious corners, the film's plot is your primary flick: The lost player who is losing with self-retreating the desert where he has small tiny in the terraces with a romantic heiress, a shapely but not brutal before strengthening its monastery, all the suffering spent, allowing him to clean his mess. And I love to compare with another author and "Thais" of Anatole France, a modern novel that his mind was to delight all the concepts of Catholic repression, which some of which took place in the Massenet opera of the same name, thanks. But what makes this picture unique in the history of the female business competition, of course, is a large group of talent gathered under one banner to make this dream of the cinema coming to the shimmering, life good. Losing the image of Technicolor which will use us all, truckload of actors with good reputation (including one cute dog), a music mark by Max Steiner which seems to decide to complete the "written film" that Michael Powell (who, surprisingly, had A little part in the 1927 version of silence) always dreamed about, constantly casting on the edge of the dissonance but always coming through an incredible symphonic, exoticism operation, the situation as a dream where things of the material is not something, travel characters like magic from the part one for the next discussion, the conversation is few, unknown and interesting, the direction of art is close to heaven, flower arrangements appear in the tent of wisdom or tent, the taste of the heroine is not available and all male characters are scholars, saints, awaits punishment but sinners, mystics or poets. <br /> <br /> Ahh ... Hollywood! The presentation of the MGM DVD for this film is not visible but not possible. The slightest level is high, the color registration is almost always full and the mono mono sound really makes the right to Max Steiner's logo and the end of Boyer's confession. <br /> <br /> Historical information of this kind of "women" subject: "The following year (1937), Julien Duvivier, visible led by" The Garden of Allah ", directed" Carnet de Bal ", where the butter of dress-horses-in-her-mouth heroine (widow after taking care of a sick man in a foreign shortage of an impossible villa of Alpine Island) wants to discover what she has lost by looking at male players in her first dance book. all in time, just to realize that any feeling was one time between her bea and she did not understand it well, overestimated or another had the effects of everyday life. It was the way of Duvivier to tell us to beware of the imaginary ideas of thought and we all need to grow early or later.
