The listeners back in 1936 should be surprised by what they were looking at: a full-time film of Technicolor. I can't say for sure, but this can be the first (3-strip). At any rate, it still looks good over 70 years later on DVD. In fact, how it looks good is amazing. Kudos for that should go to Director Richard Boleslowski, Director of Virgil Miller Photography, International Images of Selznick and, to DVD - MGM Home Entertainment. They are all connected to give us one of the best films of old age. <br /> <br /> I thought the story was so-so: the best in the first half, dropped by the second. It gave them a good message at the end, although most people could not be happy with it. I can't say more without destroying items. Marlene Dietrich did not look much better, I don't believe, and never never played a soft heart attitude ("Domini Enfilden"). The heart of the throat Charles Boyer was a male star and something of Domini's love, but some little characters were more interesting to me. People like Joseph Schildkraut as "Batouch;" John Carradine as "Sandy Sand;" Forgetting, at least, was the player "Irena," played by Tilly Losch. Wow, there is a face and dance forgets quickly! I've never seen anything like that in thousands of films I watched. Just seeing him do his thing there was a DVD worth. Looking at his IMD exhibition, he had only four movies, but all were well-known films. Basil Rathbone, a well-known actress "Sherlock Holmes," is also here as C. Aubrey Smith, another famous British actor of his day. Schildkraut, by the way, will be recognized by the buffs of the usual film as a man who played the sales clerk of a great hit, "The Shop Around The Corner," and Jimmy Stewart and Margaret Sullivan. The best direction, photography and color, and Tilly's dance, are the things that I will remember well on this film which is good and badly wrapped around one. It had the last half of the best hour - although I would like to finish - I would measure it even more. It is definitely the same filmmakers want to add to their collection.
