I discovered this film after reading the book. It's not a biography; it is "freely" according to the truth. But I've found compulsory investigations and madness, and Michel Serrault gives an unforgettable performance as Dr Petiot. <br /> <br /> There are too many images in this film; Petiot travel for the night as a vampire, her black dress hitting behind her, is almost iconic. There is also a touch of several expression - a petiot of a distorted petiot that raises the leading levels from the cellar where the relics of its victims are waiting to run, reminding me of some events from 'Nosferatu'. <br /> <br /> But I've found the basic appeal of this film to thirst. The sound is filled with dirty sound, starting with the previous music opening, you are following and crying out loud. Petiot lives and runs his medical practice in a complex with many small shops, and there is a natural noise of a knife that was hit somewhere, with a player playing the top of the saws. There are animal sounds too - concierge keeps the goat, the cat is not seen laundry - and later in the film we see the cheap cow made underpass. The whole situation is confused, with violence and death. Not only animals, but human voices are heard many times - the voice of the Gestapo victims, Petiot patients in his waiting room, monitored by a listening device, similar to suspected post-war participants are being tracked in their cells. Even the film work is often arranged to hear the voices of the participants without seeing - when Petiot is going to see Mrs Kern, we hear her singing while working, her voice playing in the theater, before seeing her. And even when she appears, she is often beaten from behind, her voice calls her husband, whose voice calls her to a conversation. Two sounded voices have entered the main hall, and their owners, when seen, are photographed away, so we can't see them talking. This is the story of the soul, and these are the sounds of ghosts - many of the victims of Petiot. However Petiot himself is often just a voice; When his excitement turns back from the camera, throwing a view behind it or inside the air for anyone. Somehow, he is a soul like those who are killed. He is always busy, struggling from the appointment appointment, never. But his job is a lifeless machine that cannot be separated. It is interesting that among every fear and danger of occupied Paris, Petiot alone is not afraid; he is angry, enthusiastic, angry, angry, angry, but not afraid, unlike those real people who are happy with their deaths. It is not surprising that he is proud of his invention, including a continuous machine (a true story from the book - claimed he has made many machines); he is a kind of regular motion machine. And the mechanical pictures are everywhere in the film, from the big wheel in the movie house, to the Petiot bicycle (with his running wheels talking to the sound of a knife), for Victrola continues to beat music before killing. Even his system and its victims are mechanical - to write a letter to your wife, I want to hide before you leave, you need a vaccine, Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar - as a good fuel machine, it's always the same, just as the record is always the same. Maeder, the author, says that it was the fullness of his crime hours that was very heavy against Petiot in his case. His system was smooth and effective as Nazi concentration camps, and this could be why the movie welcomes the participant of Petiot's participation and the French Gestapo and the Minister living. Unfortunately, it does not work as a part of the story, because it is very difficult to know what Petiot does to the participants, or what happens when they finish at their headquarters at midnight. Lose bodies? Hide stolen products? It's hard to say, and hard to believe; it is not likely that the government would turn to freelancer like Petiot. But it reminds us of the equality of the wicked; Petiot is a thief and a murderer, but also a father and a dedicated husband. As we learned that Hitler loved the dog, and that the Nazis are guilty of the worst crimes of war can also be love for the father and the family, so we should realize that Petiot can make threats impossible and occur naturally. His enthusiasm is easily locked by shock and fear of the war situation in Paris; when killing, stealing and extinction occurs on all sides, no one cares about whether Petiot will be dead in the pile.
