I saw this film at the Toronto Film Festival. I liked this, and not just clear reasons. Blindsight is a document about the youth of Tibet's blind youth who are trying to climb one of the top of Mount Everest. Now, this kind of thing is usually not missing. Mobilization. Moving. Good conditions, right? And even if the film was just, I would still like it. But it was much more. He has hidden himself, Germany Sabriye Tenberken founded a school of blind children in Tibet, in a culture that sees blindness as a curse, as evidence that man did bad things in the past. Most of the children in school have kept all their lives, and for the better, it's a burden for their families. As part of their education, Tenberken shares with American story Erik Weihenmayer, the first blind person to reach the summit of Mount Everest. She sends him a letter asking him to come and visit his students. Rather, it comes with a program. He will prepare their trip to ride 23,000 foot Lhakpa Ri and provide all the guidelines and tools. Sabriye gets six interested participants and this is a fun time to start. Erik team is most of the United States, especially men, and many feel. As experienced visitors, they are characters of Type-A, very gung-ho and aimed at goal. Sabriye is a European, female, and blind, and students for it are more than a "project," no matter how appropriate. Additionally, students are Tibetani, and not enough age or enough courage to always stand themselves. When the journey opens, it becomes sandy between the “two sides” of adults, who want to enjoy both, while at the same time wanting to gain confidence. As an additional barrier (except being blind, that is), they speak English as a second or often, a third language, and are struggling to understand and pretend to understand. When it turns out that no student has experience of growing, and that some people are listed more than others, it begins to open the original Erik program for all to meet the meeting together. Since all pupils and teachers start to suffer the effects of high height, decisions must be made as continuous or send down the mountain. Among the effects of high height increases irritability, and you can see how this gives a conflict between adults. At the risk of increasing further, one side is those that destination are all, and in others are those who just want to enjoy the journey. I will not tell you how it all turns, except to say that this was one of the most interesting and stimulating stories I have seen for a long time. <br /> <br /> The film also puts bits of stories to each writer in the story, and this was very much needed, since once on the rise, the children liked to put their heads down and their mouths tied. With all the ongoing festival around them, it was not surprising. The backstories are in charming and breathing turns, and I saw it so strange that I found myself near tears at the beginning of the film than the end. This was contrary to my expectations, and another good surprise. <br /> <br /> In addition to the whole humanitarian game, the Walker director and his small staff had to cope with frigid and oxygen-deprivation conditions, lugging devices on the mountains and hope will not drop. As with all text documents, the film manufacturer had enough luck (or enough, or already enough) to be a good place for a good time, and captured a very special story that has a lot to say about people who want to do "what The best for children "as it does about children themselves.
