There is a part of The Simpsons which contains a joke news report that refers to the base of military training as "Factory Killbot". Here the comments are only part of the joke losing, but what the document of Patricia Foulkrod shows us, the answer, that is not far from the truth. After the Great War of the United States, the US Army decided to deal with the crisis they faced; that many soldiers entered the war and found themselves completely unable to kill anyone except it was a matter of me or they '. Since then the US military training has been eliminating all moral implications and turning them into the killing of machines that do not think of fighters as people. Developing within them the unusual circumstances: "The continued effort to kill". <br /> <br /> First, this is not a war of war as well. While it certainly demonstrates a war for the worst light, Foulkrod focuses mainly on the issue that does not pay attention to the media as, say, debate on the legality of war or physical success or failure; affecting the process of converting a person into a soldier to that person as a man. It is an identification that it teaches a person that a soldier to defend the community makes them unworthy to live as part of the community themselves, and while many of the examples and respondents come from the current Middle East conflict Foulkrod makes connections with old conflicts, especially in Vietnam, with a bitter pain . This is not about some war, it is about the problems caused by the general war. <br /> <br /> The film structure appears to be divided into three parts; how employers come into the army and the training they receive, how they are treated immediately and fight, and what happens once they leave the army. Once this action is reached you realize that the main purpose of this film is actually the policies that are involved with forced weapons, which are put in place to make the soldiers a strong anti-force but to remove everyone from individuals. Those interviewed say the camera how the recruitment process seems to be clean and simple, how the word as "democracy" and "freedom" closed, but soon after the training begins to become "enemy" and "kill" and "destroy". How immediately the soldiers of the army do not care what they are commanded to do, since they have been introduced to the idea that as soon as they make a command, anything can be, it's one step closer to home. They do not have political or social interests to fight but to fight and kill if they are taught to do. The ultimate goal of the Truth is to show how the US Army expels those who have fought for their country as soon as they return home. There is no true protection provided by the troops to return, and many are forced to return home cannot cope with what they have seen and done, and many existing policies seem to be sure that the army has no legal responsibility for psychological effects on their soldiers taking. This is the last anger, which is once used to be thrown away. <br /> <br /> If there is a flaw in the film it is that Foulkrod doesn't try to show the other side on the move. You would like to get the impression that every single soldier who has gone to war will come back with trouble with Post trouble. Would it be interesting to see those of ?? born under liberty gives their ideas about how the army conducts training and policy. There is no chance on the other side of the move to introduce yourself. But more than this is a professional documentation, and the use of Foulkrod's stock photography and music is used effectively to get the war side of which often goes through the time of discussing the collapse of the war.
