Catherine Heigl, Marley Shelton, Denise Richards, David Boreanaz. Even before they knew what this film was about, these names were enough to invite me. Better, talented and famous, these are the artists watching. Ok, where I start. We already know what this film is. Five beautiful girls faced with a 'romantic' slasher, all the boys returned to the school dance 13 years ago. Its destination includes the death of a trick that is hidden as a valentine card, knee beds and blood nose. His weapon to choose: well, take ax, knife, electric power, bow and arrow, hot fire, etc. Ok, so it is essentially a terrible movie and a good sense of sex resistance. Horror movies are not supposed to be Shakespeare, but I'm not going there. I love awesome movies, but not all. No, I beg him. It's up with some of my other favorites. It's funny, sexy and scary. The killer's mask is a newborn baby, and see the cup blowing the bow and the arrow to the victim is true. Acting is a topnotch: Denise Richards, Marley Shelton and David Boreanaz are very happy. I loved to see more, more than Katherine Heigl. I am one of his great fans and I would like to see him doing the lead work soon. Jessica Capshaw is a very good actor, and Jessica Cauffiel gets to play the role of the blonde that she completed in the urban community. Hedy Buress was a hoot ('bleedmedry.com') and that the little version of Denise Richards seemed like scared like him. Important things: Every area of ​​death had a certain difference. The greatest thing is the opening area in the morgue. The fireplace, which was not, was well done. And the audiovisual maze was bad. Sound sounds are beautiful, with bright music and some good alternative tunes. Lowpoint: I felt like a killer didn't have enough credentials, we saw a mask, and it was never seen at the peak. I also thought the peak was unlocked, but it was not worth it yet. Leave at the end was not a big surprise, but I am very happy that the creators of the film decided to save us all 'describing' common killings'. I don't like to tell people who are movies what they should see, but if someone asked me to choose a terrible movie that I thought was worth seeing, then Valentine would be. <br /> <br /> My rating: 10/10 (Bullseye!)
