I just lost this film because Rosario Dawson was in it. I sat down to watch it with my friend and 6 minutes we had joined our seats. Not because of any firmness in these 6 minutes, but because it was a real film. No Hollywood BS, no explosions, no one corny pipes; The film. It moved you slowly, deceiving you towards the horrible end of humanity. Some people think they are enjoying the film but they feel sad. They like movies; recreation regardless of entertainment alone. Michael Bay Transformers and so on were introduced to this audience only. There is no need to think people, just look and allow the stereotype ever we can muster to slowly delete your brain. We will display ads on all movies, so you can continue to buy our products. And don't forget the blast, we all like explosions. Here we make a difference, the art can be entertaining, but it also thinks to stimulate and makes you in a hidden way. Entertainment is rarely beautiful and even simply arbitrarily. Modern is entertainment. Decreasing is a film. Movies are art. If you are still organizing the soul into your mobile app, this rape area is as large as "impossible to escape". The distinction here is that the "inevitable" was a rape scene involving two people whose paths crossed at the wrong time and hell followed. The "deficit" is about rape date. It's not subject to disgust. No less ignored. It's just different. This is about violations of trust, demolition of spirit and scars that run deep. It had a "Maya" attitude has been accepting would have been the sex area of ​​fire. But when he saw that he was anxious to run, the area was hurting. "Jared" is a sick and caring refugee, and it is completely defeated because it is very similar to the love of love. What? "Maya" how would he be next to anybody even when the middle wanted him "Jared's" a lover 's beloved painter just ever thought in slipping? She is destroyed. <br /> <br /> Movies are generally good. The function of the camera and lighting sometimes removes the environment and focuses on everything on the "Maya" and the internal functions of its mind. All of these have been fulfilled by Rosario for facial expression and signals. The sound of the voice was the best, the combination of everything. My very favorite part that synchronism of all these films works together; "Maya" dancing in the ocean of writhing bodies, something in it wake up, be aware, all put in good voice Jeff Buckley tune. <br /> <br /> I don't think I really destroyed here but I'm leaving before doing. Below, I think this was the best film of 2007, hands down. Unfortunately it seems that everyone has already faded these days if you are accused of slapping, gang rape, or anything then people can't be worried. Death is not the worst thing that can happen to you. It is the last thing that will happen in its existence. The bad things that happen never stop. They are always in your mind. You have it; when you brush your teeth; when you buy it now Christmas, you fast your shoe; they hate you. They hate you until the last thing lets you go. <br /> <br /> Use yourself. Challenge yourself. Watch this film.
