First, this was a BRAVE film. I have seen interference and can understand the comparison. However, I can't begin to understand people who are involved in this film. I can see how the last can be too extreme but I would like to lie if I didn't say I wanted that everyone who has ever forced a woman to have sex had exactly what Jared had. On the contrary, he did not solve anything or do anything better with the fact that the film did not make it what made me suggest. It is called a pathetic film and claiming no adult can remain. I certainly did and carefully. I am 24 years old. The film makes it real to me. People have been using the eye eye and quick squares on the screen that if you ask them to consider too long on one brick on the film basis, not just those who lose interest, damage anything that is built, and what it calls. In fact it is their lack of perseverance and understanding which requires good efficiency and not a creative intelligence product such as Talia Lugacy. Rosario Dawson showed a loss of self-destruction for destruction. I think he was shown Maya before and after the easily attacked and the two changes are the actions that I have rarely seen. Often, such as "youth-focused" films mentioned earlier, the effects of rape are portrayed as a very manic and inspiring or distressing, unique and lifeless. Dawson, in my opinion, can carry out the act of balancing many victims falling into prey: such as the presence of drone in the hours of waking up, working on the last death to survive (and distracting) and then turning on the wrong in order to lose themselves of the of drugs instead of dealing with what is caused by weakness. I thought this film told the truth and I appreciated it for finally showing people the opposite side of rape. Many people leave the end of this film but in the middle and beginning ... I believe that the face of the Maya during the act was the last ... not the act itself ... it is not a revenge or meaning behind it ... just its face ... /> <br /> Thank you
