Yesterday I attended the "Launch" premiere of the Tribeca Film Festival in NYC. I had a good time. It was sold out and attended by all the major stars including my friend Marcus Patrick. <br /> <br /> I give a movie 7.5 starts 10 stars as possible. <br /> <br /> movie begins with Maya (Rosario Dawson) on campus. You can look at the normal status of the college and wild parties and the flirtation continues. Photography in this film was excellent. He meets Jared (Chad Faust) and becomes sweet. It looks like any other relationship at the beginning. The man is in the curiosity of the woman with love and the woman plays hard to find. They both played well. Flirtation innocent between two. He invites him to his house and everything falls. <br /> <br /> The apartment is very dreary and dark. It is finally completed on a very dark floor and is made by various candles. This reminded me of the truth of the shaft. Here he shows his true colors and continues to beat him. This is a place of rape and very dark rape. This situation is not for the young or the weak. The rape area is very long and difficult to take, but it is important for all the next film. The Maya is now losing his soul for drugs and sex. He falls into his hell. He starts attending the wild parties and wakes up one morning in the room without reminiscent of how he got there. He is told to go see Adrian (Marcus Patrick). The first thing I remember about this behavior is that they say "he is the person who saves anyone who needs to save". He is the one who initiates Maya for drugs. They begin a relationship of dependence that comes later in the movie. Club events at this stage of the film are the image and extreme expertise. I thought they had done well and noticed that the director of the photograph was applauded at the end of the show during the lending to the audience. <br /> <br /> Maya then returns to university as TA and who is in her class - Jared his opponent! You can see chaos and emotions on the face of Maya. What should I do?? What am I doing next? Shots of his face and feeling are very valuable. Something going on next is not what happens. He does Jared's intentions. He seems to want to revive the relationship and be happy again. I was sitting there saying that this could be true. It was not. Nothing can be far from reality. Invites him to his house and of course, he shows. Now his house is dark and angry. He has wholly hit. He thinks he will get "luck". Then he is offensive if any woman can. He says everywhere and he rejoices. Note: for anyone planning planning to see this film this area is full of weakness - it should not be a small player. She turns the situation around and she becomes an animal and continues to build her. Once again, the area is dark, angry, and very angry. If you are going to see a movie and does not want to know what happens next, skip this paragraph and continue to the next one. This is where Adrian reappears the image. Maya has Adrian save (?) Her to make sex so much male with Jared. He thinks this is revenge. Adrian continues to take over all of Jared's work and destroy his reputation. Marcus, like Adrian, plays this role as believing as one can. He is a powerful actor who plays a strong and powerful character from every screens. After the movie, during the Q&A session, Marcus explained that this area requires great trust between him and the Chad. Maya believes that this revenge will save him but he thinks it does. One of the last events has a close face of May and you can see the tears decreased under her cheek. This was a nearby location and provides regular discussions from anyone going to see this film. Did he get revenge for what he wanted? Was it as satisfactory as he expected? In my opinion, it is not recommended. It only makes things worse. This is a very good movie, it will do well, and I recommend to anyone who thinks about seeing it. I would like to be a little worried if under 17 years old. Redirecting and photography should also be praised. It was the night I enjoyed.
