No director I love more than Mamoru Oshii. But sadly, though he led very small films that received great international attention, there are still small rights videos that have fallen through cracks. The customer is one of them, and even though I love it for bits, it's not hard to see why Western distributors want to terminate. <br /> <br /> Among its great and worst films, Oshii is known to do some small and quirkier projects. While Tachiguishi actually falls into this category, Oshii has emerged himself with this, and builds something that is very difficult to do, even if the Japanese flick does not appear. Keep thinking. At its sole basis there is a separate text from Otaku Video. But instead of making the folk of the existing crop, Oshii enters himself and emerges in the life of the culinary heroes, building food for free and taking into account the Japanese culinary level. The Oshii way on the subject has a close relationship with Dai-Nipponjin, as the issue is driven by a negative sense of gravity when the image on the screen looks like embarrassing as it may be. Deadpan humor was taken violently. But not all, instead of just shooting for his decision Oshii decided to use it using a new visual approach to superlivemation. A wonderful mix of live action, photography, digital animation and pipe in the stick. It made and made out (or possibly, if you want) and the greats of the Japanese animation industry is not down, as the project should be a small budget as possible. And if you think that it just covers it, know that the film is a good-heavy conversation, making it a good piece of friend for crime. The influence of grifters is analyzed from every political, political and even philosophical angles, expulsion of viewers through the continuous stream of monologues and discussions. And to make it worse, the entire film is completely closed in the real history of the Japanese and custom, and so it is difficult even the stranger to get good bravery. Needless to say, a lot of comments are suggested to make the best in the film. It said, at the point of view the film is easy to follow and is already very good. Various Grifters are brought as if they were historic historical influences after the Japanese war. The film plays if you expect a great document of any other important data to open, but some form of large-scale photographs and well-stacked images that have gathered are not doing so at all. The type of characters has been brought in small, Shinji Higuchi take a cake as a cow wearing a nose ring while having fast food chains with her herd / people. <br /> <br /> Kenishi Kawai regularly offers, rather than a very good performance, a color from the sky to dark wacky, wonderful and pleasant. Enjoying it is having the voice and the obstacles to spread, enhancing animation and vice versa. <br /> <br /> Watching the film is very atmospheric, although it should be said that animation is very good and when effective, it remains a low tone, just bursting with non-power weaknesses frequently. Which is not the worst thing, see how Tachiguishi is a conversation-heavy. In spite of this, the film is still the center of seeing if each frame looks red and resembles a match and improves the overall status of the film. <br /> <br /> Beware though, because Tachiguishi needs so much from the viewer. If they speak Japanese, there are many readings to be done and there are many cultural references that require attention. Additionally, monologues in the film area are completely expanded and can be hard to follow. The movie is still not suitable for English titles and even though my French was enough to get all of the content, I am sure I missed a lot of films. <br /> <br /> The recipe is not easy to get in, but almost half to reach full steam and does not allow from above. I still hope to see this again with English or Dutch subs. Dub would be ideal for such a film (such as Container), although I think the quality of anime dub is very little to apply. With all of this, I can only congratulate Oshii on another amazing film. It is rare to find a film that combines and combines styles with many influences to create something that is very unique and still works. Film is smart, looks and looks beautiful and full of brim and creativity. It's too big, even if you can't find all the details on the first look. But make sure you are able to get this with the best registration, if an automated English translation that surrounds it is completely useless and does not have the film. The company offers a special audience and Sasha is surprised that the French has been released during the rest of Europe (and the rest of the western world) awaiting the sign of this film. But for those who like Oshii, they enjoy a good sense of humor and who desire the spirit of creation, it is a film that cannot fail, though it could also erase. 4.5 * / 5.0 *
