TACHIGUI: LIFE TIME FOR FAST-FOOD Title Japanese: Tachiguishi Retsuden Director: Mamoru Oshii In partnership with: Toshio Suzuki, Mako Hyodo, Kenji Kawai, Shinji Higuchi, Katsuya Terada Posted by Koichi Yamadera - --------- ----------------------------- <br /> <br /> Way back in 1995, Mamoru Oshii opened its main feature of animation Ghost In The Shell, which helped strengthen the acceptance of the anime - and was also embedded in the concept of Andy and the idea of ​​Larry Wachowski for Matrix. At the end of the film, Crime (2004), it was a Japanese film that was proposed to compete in Palme d'Or in Cannes, and dropped headlines in its style with creative effects such as his unknown plot. , Oshii has sent us now and Tachigui: A wonderful life of Fast-Food Grifters ?? which does not quite do with Ghost In Shell, nor the Japanese anime for it. <br /> <br /> Say hello to Oshii "superlivemation": not an absolute animation, nor exactly live action. Instead, they lost somewhere around 30,000 measurements, which had been done by means of digitization and organized through simple printing of the graded paper to remind the puppetry of Balinese. The effort is a good model, which leaves the course that deals with the procedure from the trial of Shinya Tsukamoto: Iron Man (1988). "I can't imagine any way but this," said Oshii in a recent interview with Daily Yomiuri. "I realized that this project was not suitable for traditional animation." The cast option is very similar. Kenji Kawai - who also included high-pitched sounds - looks like a burgari's fan, while the famous Studio Ghibli Toshio Suzuki uses his deadly moments to his death. Others include Katsuya Terada, who emerged with Oshii on Blood: Vampire's Last, and Shinji Higuchi - the special effects of those who worked on Godzilla movies. Koichi Yamadera's story looks like the documentation of the NHK dry document ?? which includes a low comic sound here and a detailed function of Yamadera showing anime characters Stoic as Spike Siegel in Cowboy Bebop. And the conspiracy itself is no longer fantastic to think of Post-WWII Japan in the context of various fast-food-foods from souvenirs ramen and bars of gyudon stand; American dog in warm-up trays of convenience stores for McDonalds- inspired restaurant entertainment restaurants. "Food is the first root of passion," said Oshii, through the definition. <br /> <br /> Inserted in a mix is ​​a new generation of users: grifters of fast food head, people who do not like to pay for their tucker and they plan well to scams their definition of free munchies. Oshii said his ulterior goal was an honor for "art" to eat food on the street? something is still considered as taboo in this country, and which goes by describing the use of "tachigui" in the head. The director of the operating film (Avalon, Dog Goes) with animation, Oshii often defines the definition of two mediums. Celluloid results here have been installed somewhere in the gray area between all formats. Sometimes the attempt to see here is as good as it can burn. Don't just ask what it means to mean; Oshii movies, which are the same parts of the brain and creativity, are often not very clear. Where does Oshii succeed through the free dose of black humor? here you will find Kentucky Fried Rat, death and hula-hoop, the fastest head of samurai burger? and in the original biography. This is a person who is involved in the influence of film writers like Godard and Truffaut, and perhaps very much for Andrei Tarkovsky as David Lynch does. So it should not come as any surprise that at one point the B-52 bomb has to fly through the franchise of the same look of Yoshinoya. The 54-year-old director appeared to think this natural. "The Japan I was shown in the movie cannot be honest with the truth," he suggested. <br /> <br /> Of course. --------------
