This was the first part of the Columbo TV series (though it was published after the "Death Offer") and announced one of the most successful television series in history. Jack Cassidy (who played the killer in a three-fold series) causes pride, self-esteem and confidence in the same level here, like Ken Franklin, half of the secret writing team that plotes to kill his girlfriend, Jim Ferris (played by Martin Milner) who decides terminate their professional relationship, leaving Franklin to be open journalists instead of the most author. Establishing the original murder is amazing and the performance of Cassidy enables it to be the best one of Columbo's killer in a series. Peter Falk is very remarkable in his role as Columbo and the characteristics of natural and unusual behavior, which are emphasized by the gentleness of appearance and distinction, especially in particular to Cassidy's Smugness's characteristic: one of their previous events with Ken Franklin. makes the cause of murder through Jim Ferris's expo-seeing disappearance of the hit-men occurring under this model very well. Franklin points to Columbo for this good reason with Columbo (deliberately or in ignorance) he cannot refuse, forcing Franklin to convey his desire in a manner to consider and compare him with discrimination and detention in books, Ms Melville. Also, most importantly is the initial contribution of Steven Spielberg's 24-year-old instructions. However, some of the basic features of cameras that hide executives and practitioners, add some delicate touch to The definition of hold on the overall expertise of the period. An amazing example is the body of Jim Feriss who was sitting on the bed, near the dark before, as Ken Franklin raised the glass behind him after completing the phone call of a heartbroken Ferris wife. I have no doubt that working on a 10-14 day restricted schedule, Spieberg's efforts should not be overlooked. Unfortunately, the second murder incident, required by the cancellation plan that is planned by a Franklin's woman (and so-called "anger" and Columbo in her high air condition) takes up steam of something around. The edge of the plot is affected by the time of the screen between Falk and Cassidy has not decreased to this point by perhaps helping the author of the script (Stephen Bocho) out of the sharp corner, for he cannot develop stories without killing another. <br /> <br /> The end is the most desperate element of this section. The original flag and exchange of words between Falk and Cassidy is by force and efficiently implemented, but it only announces the fact that it must be done more in the period. Extreme violence with a clogging clue (like what can be called a clue): Cassidy's behavior so far and boasting is surprised to be chased by a clue that is not a little less likely to point out its guilt; and once this is mentioned, he separates in a supernatural and non-rejection. To all, the courage to unlock the series, which declares and predicts all that was interesting about Columbo, and, on the contrary, problems associated with that skill, to maintain high standards and in particular, to create a reliable end to intellectual.
