Georgi Danelia's Neighborhood, Ne goryuy (1969) aka Is it not sad to depend on the novel and French author Claude Tillier (1801-1844) "Benjamin's daughter" This book is being done in the 18th century France. The French revolution is still ahead but some of its stormy signs are in the community. Benjamin, the local doctor is a community of society, a knowledgeable, friendly, democratic person who often treats the poor for free. It makes it very popular with the locals but certainly does not provide its bank account. He loves him with a good Manette who is also about him but he is closely watched by his father who called his daughter "his capital" and has decided to protect his virginity until the marriage contract is signed ... I have never read the book, and from this explanation it looks like a very good French novel but I am fascinated by the effects of moving the characters and other aspects of the plot from the 18th century to France to the beginning of the 20th century Georgia-Grusiya. I would like to think that it was Danelia who came with all the characters of an unacceptable color who feel so much at her home in Georgia-Grusiya, a country of long and mysterious cultures, including Art and Drinking wine, a casual music talent that all Wahrogians they seem to have a sense of humor, a very unique and noble principle. As we watched the film last night with my husband, he said, it is a good example of the film's Art, and I agree with him. Do not worry about the best movie of Art, beautiful, deep but wonderful, sometimes sad and filosophone but not the way to be proud but hopeful, celebrating all life and its beauty and sadness, full of interest, infinite love and understanding for its characters very little but humanitarian. It is more important, the film is warm and gentle, it does not look down to its audience as Art pictures do. You don't need to be a buff of movies to love it, live and, exciting and manage it, follow a good doctor Doctor Benjamin (the first role in the film Danelia of the famous singer and actress Wachtang Kikabidze and Danelia would continue to make two other films including one of the favorites all my, Mimino) on his way through the streets and mountains of Georgia. Or being a guest to one of the good parties where friends gather to celebrate the life of former doctor Levan who wanted to be a stranger on his own, hear what his friends say about him when he dies when he is still alive, and who gets to choose the color that prefers for his coffin. When I saw the film I thought it was a kind of movie that Federico Fellini would like. I was not surprised even to find information about Danelia where she calls Fellini her director one. I also saw that according to Danelia, the famous Soviet directors, Leonid Gaiday (the creator of the most loved comedies) and Sergei Paraszhanov (a teacher who doesn't need to set up a favorite film of Danelia, the story of a young American story Huck Finn, Sovsem propashchiy) felt and talking against the news about Poor when Fellini was very grateful. I don't try to go a little further and I think that maybe Maestro Fellini kept remembering some of the pictures and aura and the very atmosphere of dismay at Amrarcord in 1973. Just thought, because there is something important that connects both films. All Artists returned to their roots, where they love so much, for the people they remember, liked and liked to respect. All these films are very happy with tears. They are all Arts movies that would be directly on the hearts of the audience. They are all good works. I think I will add Georgi Danelia to my list of my favorite directors. He has made some of the most brilliant pictures of my most beautiful, even traumatic, painful, painful, and subtle, clay and elegant, bright and bright. When I looked at the list of movies he had written / led, I was surprised that he did not make one bad film since he started back in 1960 with the story of winning a young boy, Seryozha. Many of Danelia's films are among my favorites, if I am sure they are among his fans of fans. Someone behind Seryozha, Sovsem propashchiy (1972) which is a review of Mark Twain Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, 33, Ya shagayu po Moskve (1964) aka Walking Streets of Moscow, Ne goryuy (1969) aka Usikitwe, Afonya (1975), Mimino (1977), Osenniy marafon (1979) and Autumn Marathon or Sad Comedy which is a very good reputation for this film along with all kinds of Danelia made practically, and a cult favorite for over 20 years Kin-Dza-Dza (1986), is a brilliant and worthy of our true love and true appreciation for an unforgettable fun of movies.
