WWE had the need for a savior like Wrestlemania 14 around it. Departure to the Bret Hart and the transfer of the Hart Foundation later left on such D-Generation X established in WWE. Their disgruntled leader Shawn Michaels stole a name from Hart thanks to the intervention of Vince McMahon and, with help from his colleagues Triple H and Chyna had taken everyone who opposed his leadership in order. But in the Royal Rumble new candidate had emerged. Rock Cool Steve Austin. Hated by McMahonagement, Austin had DX concerns. So the real concern that they used the help of "The Worst Man on Planet" Mike Tyson as a special emphasis. Austin would have a bad attitude against him in his head match with Shawn Michaels. But first, there was a bottom-down card that ran away with the Legion of penalties to win the Royal Forces team for NO.1 of the label names. I would really have forgotten this match until I get PPV again. There is no very good and it has really emphasized the lack of detail in the division of the tag at the time. The next match was the red head of Champion Taka Michonoku against Aguila. WWE has developed the Light Light of Light to compete with the powerful Cruiserweight Department in WCW. It was not successful and this is the only time that the name was defended in Wrestlemania. Short game, it goes five minutes, and in fact it's too short to reach a lot. Few did it exciting and this was a very good match that saw Taka remain his title. OK, our subsequent match saw DX member Triple H to protect the name of WWE Europe, which won the horse race from Shawn Michaels on RAW in December and did not advocate on PPV, against Owen Hart, Sole Guardian. H three finds a big door with a DX band there to make his theme theme. Chyna was accompanied by Triple H for the ringside, but then sent to WWE Commissioner Sgt slaughter. H Triple H and Owen have a very good match, before Chyna interact and cause a low blow in the Hart which leads to Triple H to remain a head. A good match, it would be nice if it had gone a little further. But of course we don't want to take some time away from our next match which saw the real life of husband and wife Marc Mero and Sable defeat Goldust and Luna Vachon in the first match of the tag in Wrestlemania in 8 years. And, with all honesty, it was not worth waiting . While it is not a shock, the match will never remember. This was close to the end of Mero just running in WWE and the main purpose was to continue to divide its relationship with Sable. <br /> <br /> Then above we saw Ken Shamrock flip out and cost himself the InterContinental Championship as he destroyed IC Champion Rock, but he refused to let the opening of his foot club, causing the judge to change his decision. This was a short match, but good for what it was. <br /> Later he saw the first good night of the night as the WWE Championships Team New Age Outlaws lost their names to Cactus Jack and Charlie Chainsaw in a fun dumpster match. The decision was overturned the following night as Cactus and chainsawsaw had lost Publishers into the dumpster backstage, rather than the one used in the match, but this was still a fun game! of Kane and his brother Undertaker. Kane had the cost of Undertaker WWE Championship Royal Rumble and then "killed" when he helped Shawn Michaels lock undertaker in the casket and betrayed him as a revenge for the Undertaker burn down their parents' houses and letting the worst years abolished. This was a good match and told a good story if Underataker scored everything Kane could throw it to him and then beat out with three grave stones to stop the match. This is just a major event that has seen WWE Champion face Steve Austin and Mike Tyson as the guest of the guest. Michaels had an epilepsy behind his match with Undertaker at Royal Rumble and was famous in this match despite his physical limitations. Triple H and Chyna were driven back into the entry after the intervention. The match ended with Austin ducking attempting to Sweet Chin Music and blowing Stone Cold Stunner and ref down. TYson entered the ring to count the three, to celebrate the victory with Austin and then play Michaels after the match. Changed Tyson and Austin were with the cat was playing with the mouse around. That was the last PPV match for Shawn Michaels for four and a half years. It has helped to establish Austin as a great star in the competitive business and the usual broadcasting and the appearance of Tyson have proved to be very important to turn into WWE and WCW wars. Austin would continue to be a great star in the history of WWE, and with Rock, Mick Foley, Undertaker and Triple H lead WWE for a period in which they would have a high level of culture. And it all started here in Wrestlemania 14.
