This film works because it feels true. The story is simple and true, to receive fully the joy and anxiety of the love of the young and the sex that many / we all learned during our teen years. <br /> <br /> The executives are as natural as a figure in the document but it is like lobbying and as charismatic as timing actors. The discussion is clean and honest… and with gratitude it was not filled with brim and records of pop culture. Also, movies are once beautiful and beautiful, bringing east east to life in a very visible way. At the artistic level, I like this film because it reminds me of a great Italian revival film as a bicycle dealer and La Strada. Movies often feel like "real" as this does ... or as a cyclist. And other movies alone I have seen that it takes the boy's sexuality and the same level of weight is Elia Kazan Beauty in Grass. Author / director Peter Sollett deserves a great reputation. This film is quite successful. At a personal level, I am always happy to see a movie that finds members of the American ethnic group and love and respect. Like Italian and America, I hate the way my own people enter the movie (as a racist, womanizing, criminal observation in highly proposed epics), and my lack of this calculation makes me feel impressed by other groups and their bad financial screen representation. Spain and Asians especially seem cursed to play criminals in the West with practical movies. (Good thing Gong Li did not try to be popular in the United States!) Of course, thanks to the great thanks to the rise of indie pictures, and the influence of Miramax, we see more pictures about ethnic characters here and there ... but add Victor Vargas is easy completely. When I am like My Greek Greek Wedding, it is an enjoyable change that raises Victor Vargas shown (for a few obstacles and better) while it's still very funny for its own right. Finally! Latino characters should be aware of. I feel that this is a film that will remember. <br /> <br /> Of course, having now made this beautiful picture about the family from the Dominican Republic, I hope Peter Sollett gets closer to making a movie about Italy soon! :) - Marc DiPaolo
