This is a film that had survived me so far, but now that I have watched it, it emerges as one of the main keys in the color style. As usual with the DivX structure, the view was far from? damaged by regular video and (more) audio glitches? but, since the film is not yet available on DVD, this should be done on time. Since the quality of the film is the highest in the genre itself, I think the reason behind this observation is because it has no known actor leading. Still, the entrance to the star of the movie name? Franchot Tone? Packs completely wallop (especially if he has been shown to be a villain from the first)! Tone was a low actor? he rarely acquired the roles of meat, and this could be better (and make all his paranoiac interesting and realistic). Female Leadership? Ella Raines, who will later have a feature in BRUTE FORCE (1947) and Siodmak himself SUSPECT (1944) and AFFA's STRANGE OF UNCLE HARRY (1945) ?? it is very good and capably takes the role of distraught secretary out to prove his fault error (Alan Baxter) guilty of the murder of his brutal wife. Other supportive elements are tested by Thomas Gomez as the original but final police investigator, and Elisha Cook Jr. ?? a variety of fall type of genre? as a man of "ladies" who was not sick. "Like Jules Dassin of RUTE, Siodmak was in black at this time in his career and this film is benefiting from his positive direction? All the horned stripes and shaking pieces, including the jazz sequence in which Cook dances to dance in his dance in a frenzy of sexuality with Raines of sluttishly (who takes the action to look and finally dismiss the confession that prevented evidence in the investigation that could cause her partner to resign from jail). and cooperation) around New York's streets which are caused by cuts and car! <br /> <br /> It also seems, is a series of experiments which is shown entirely through the responses of listeners to judge, jury, witnesses and DA has never been The appearance (although the voice of the judge is to realize that it is the character of the former character Samuel S. Hinds). Gomez and Toni's debate discuss the nature of the offenders involved, and the inspector has put down the end as a mentally stupid to give the original "dizzy" lesson. The dreadful period finds Raines alone and Toni in his house, where he finds evidence of his guilt? and admits that he had a relationship with Baxter's wife, but he killed her when he did not reject her husband for her. <br /> <br /> On the way, I was suddenly hit in the film: when the story is clear in 1943, I noticed that when a cab taxi trip went to the beginning of the film? which Alan Curtis escorted the woman with the name of the show on the playground? The new shooting of New York (inclusive of stock photography) has a marquee marking the comedy of 1938 musical music Laurel and Hardy, SWISS MISS! Unfortunately, the secret writer known Cornell Woolrich wrote the original novel which this was based on pseudonym.
