Alan Curtis has a strong argument against his wife, loses out of his house, has a night of drinking with a wonderful woman and a big hat in a bar (run by Andrew Tombes, in a good part of change change), and returns to look for his wife. The police, led by Thomas Gomez waiting for him. His attempts to prove his alibi - that he was with the extraordinary woman - fall because everyone can think (Tombes, Elisha Cook) claims that he had no one like that. He comes with no alibi, although his secretary (who loves him secretly) Ellen Raines believes him. He was sentenced after the trial, awaiting his death penalty. Plants begin to go out after reality, discovering that Gomez has doubts about himself. It also finds a partner in a friend of Curtis, Franchot Tone, who was obviously outside the city of crime night. What? Will remove Curtis on time? PHANTOM LADY depends on the novel and William Irish (the great black author Cornell Woolrich). As film fans know from other work with Woolrich (LEOPARD MAN, NIGHT has nine o'clock, REAR WINDOW, no one of himself) one can not assume what really is about anywhere. The lost wife of a businessman may not be up, to send her a message, if she still has her flowers. A psychiatrist can actually predict the tragedy - or was he planning the murder of his ex-lover, now the oil millionaire? What? Kambi killed the young women, or are the rich who flee the city really hiding the knowledge of guilt? Is the young woman, claiming to be the wife of a brother who was killed in the collapse of the train, in fact the offender? Here's Raines and Gomez (as well as helped by Tone) trying to prove Curtis saw a woman who did not see - and if she saw him, why can't anyone else remember to see him? The problem with the story really is the personality of Curtis - gives very easily when it is found guilty of crimes he did not do. In fact anyone who is innocent will be shouting at the time they are beaten. However, in protecting the collapse of Curtis, it also happens to other people in various films: Gary Cooper, in MR. DEEDS INAENDA TOWN, disappointed on the friction that he finds deception and madness by Douglas Dumbrille and his boys that he did not defend for the first time, even people who rely on his help cry out their fears in the courtroom and awaken his sense of responsibility. But Curtis looks just to stop. In the usual atmosphere Raines, Gomez, and everyone will not deal like Curtis did not. But the film holds this weakness. The decline of false witnesses by the real killer allows two pieces of Plants and Tombes on the top platform left by Elisha Cook at Jazz session. Gomez returns to be more aware than the villain expects twice to look at his alibi again. And this man can go ahead of Raines and Gomez until the last minute of the film. If it's not a great film like INDEMNITY OF DOUBLE or POSTMAN double stone or MALTESE FALCON, it goes well even when Curtis and Raines are reunited at the end.
