This black can be a well-remembered film from time to time, but it has a great deal of mystery, a typical night condition and beautiful performances from its well known members. Robert Siodmak, a talented director behind the secret / fear of the classic 'The Spiral Staircase' directed this film two years earlier than the previously mentioned film, and shows a real flair for creating a dark and brooding atmosphere together and creating a plot that all controversy and it attracts the viewer. Lady Phantom focuses on Scott Henderson; a woman married to an unwilling woman. She takes a woman in a big hat in a bar at night, and two agree with 'no' link 'link' of a night of fun. However, then he returns home to find his house beaten by police officers and soon finds it because there is a reason why his wife is tied to his neck relationship! He is afraid to see that no one has seen him with a wonderful woman he can remember, and usually he sends him for the murder of his wife. However, unfortunately the female female employee gets in the case ... <br /> <br /> The program takes place very well, and unlike most of the most well known, this kills several more interesting killings. In fact, if not for the fact that it was made in thirty years and black and white shooting, I would like to swear Lady Phantom was the Italian giallo! All the intermediaries are very attractive, with Alan Curtis giving a good indication of the unfortunate victim, and Ella Raines will be as effective as a female detective. The true rate of the film, however, is the Franchot Tone, who provides an unforgettable performance as a foolish villain of the piece. The film also plays a role in supporting the player of extractorinaire Elisha Cook Jr, who plays dances in the most memorable film. If I were claiming this film, I would say that the identity of the killer is revealed early - although the Phantom Lady deserves credit in the same way it goes on it. The conclusion is satisfactory and everything is sensible (which is surprising based on the possible array of conspiracy) and in general, Lady Phantom is certainly one of many and many people who have never seen!
