Man, this is a hard DVD to come with. I could only get to the 2nd Region, the Spanish entry, and it was expensive. <br /> <br /> Is it worth it? Well, yes. Not so much because it is the center of the decision of the film, though it is led by Curt Siodmak (credit to IMDb.com read "Robert" but the Curt's DVD list), or because it has several well-known data from the other killings - Elisha Cook , Jr., and Thomas Gomez - but because my long curiosity about the movie has finally reached. In fact, a respected but complicated engineer (Alan Curtis) has stood up with his ex-wife and finds himself in a New York bar and two tickets to show in his pocket. The woman with a wonderful hat is in the shade next to her and asks her to gently join her in the music inspection. He agrees, a little bit. The mopey Bartender gives the eye all when they leave. <br /> <br /> In the show, the star star that this woman in the audience wearing the same hat and fall comes out with anger. Farmer in the band, Cook, leers for a silent woman but he has no answer. Curtis takes a woman to her home and asks her name but she will not give you, and they don't want to know him. If he was a long-time pastor he could say something about ships that pass through the night. Well, Curtis is going home to find his wife killed without missing. The chief police officer, Gomez, returns to the DA. Alibi's only one was that she had a beautiful woman who no one remembers to remember - not a bartender, not a Latina star, not a cab driver ("Al Alp"), not a player - and since the woman herself is lost, it is impossible to do it. Curtis has been sentenced to death. But Auditor Gomez has thought about the matter and decided that he probably is not guilty because there is no one who has a brain that will make that stupid story. He joins the loving secretary of Curtis, Ella Raines, by exploring the case openly. Visiting the required witnesses again. Bad Bartender is driven by a car, maybe an accident, so he is out of the picture. The hot Latina has left because the show is closed and she has no cooperation and does not know the source of the hat however. Elisha Cook, Jr., bound by a real killer but not before being seen in an area that drives a dance in the proposed jazz group. His sweaty face suggests words that do not mean a sharp direction but rather a good, orgasmic shock. Her eyeballs climb on the ceiling, her mouth mouth, her hammers are reduced. I laughed loudly. nobody's best, but they are all professional enough. Thomas Gomez is always reliable. Better performance, though, maybe it's for Franchot Tone. He is a true killer and he does his alibi. Saved and artistic. Even when she loses she is decoration. I don't know how to put this correctly but Tone seems to think and just do its part. Alan Curtis as an innocent engineer is close to zero at Kelvin level and has a picture of B. <br /> <br /> I don't know why it is considered normal. In fact it is the basic secret of your murder and Cornell Woolrich, not as good as the rest of others. But the direction of Siodmak is sensitive. The man runs with his hat to take water to the water and the surrounding water. Its use of shades has a quiet effect. I was happy I got it.
