Phantom Lady (1944) Dir: Robert Siodmak Production: Universal Image <br /> <br /> Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis), following the fight against his wife, looks at strengthening the grief in the water hole. There he looks for a woman in an emotional state and, looking for a partnership, asks him to show on the club to get all their attention on their problems. He agrees, but only to put their own names. In fact, when Scott gets home he gets the police there, waiting to ask him. His wife has been killed. Where was you at 8 pm, ask the Guardian Burgess (Thomas Gomez)? But Scott has alibi, right? She does not know the name of the woman. And bartender remembers Scott but not a woman. Not the cab driver. Neither dance (Elisha Cook Jr.) on the club. Even the club player, whom Scott looked at the woman (they were all wearing one hat), don't realize that there is someone with him. Something going on, but whatever Scott is unable to defend in the case and is sentenced to death for the murder of his wife (on 'fitness'' the court history of Hollywood). It is left for his faithful secretary, 'Kansas' (Ella Raines), who later joined the Chief Inspector of Mercy, to know the real killer before Scott was killed. Lady Phantom is built on a theme which repeatedly, almost intentionally, in Woolrich's work. For example, the schizophrenic opponent is also seen in Black Angel and the Person of the Leopard. Additionally, there is a character that faces the mind and death of a partner or wife as available in Rendezvous in Black and Bride wearing black. It can leave the view of the viewer as he is moving over the flooded ground. But in the right hands, the colds, the slower talk, the variation of the story, are all along the point. Fortunately, Lady Phantom was moved by the hands of the voice. This is the first woman of Siodmak. He could continue to identify himself as one of the first non-performing actors (Criminals, Cross Criss). Here he is backing up with the film writer Woody Bredell (they would meet again on Christmas holidays and killers). There is a good story of the story made on the camera. In one shot, a bad mental attitude is shown if he lives in front of a mirror of 3, giving many features. This character, who is an artist, has a personal image of Van Gogh and a bandaged ear on the wall inside his house. But what Siodmak and Bredell are actually doing in Phantom Lady is practically creating a look for black. Released very early in 1944, it's all here; The curtain of rain, air bags and fear, b & w very different, true true versions (while Kansas visiting Scott prison), the discordant shaft of light, etc. It is a bad picture look. Franchot Tone aside, cast, with the issue and the relative knowledge of the director (and perhaps, the budget), shows the prospects of 'B' film. I thought Tone was a little hammy. Alan Curtis (High Sierra) is not very high, and actually comes off good in a few scenes. Ella Raines is very good (and quite good). 'His sex orientation' with Elisha Cook Jr. it is very good looking reliable. Another part of the stand is when Kansas goes after a bartender ask him. It is similar to the expulsion area, since he tries to eat dog on the street, leaving it at the center. Some good tension there. <br /> <br /> *** out of 4
