I played this 7/10 film which is an average of 8/10 for screens, leadership and production standards of 1944 and 6/10 for acting. Play with the heroine Ella Raines as Carol Richman who was excellent at 8 / 10. I also thank Thomas Gomez as Auditor Burgess whose character believes that he himself does not think the decision of guilt on Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis) was only in his alibi view. creates a union to confirm Scott's alibi. I have this film on DVD "Suevia Film Noir Cine Negro" in Spanish as "La Dama Desconocida" and the original "Ingles" as an alternative language, since despite the search I couldn't find the full version of English. I was eager to see another performance with Ella Raines after being surprised by her performance as a heroine in the "Impact" play alone of the owner of the garage owner. Here Ella performs another role of the hero to believe for the lack of the boss of his engineer and refuses many suggestions for that he should return to his home in Kansas (the name of his farmer for him) before solving the lost alibi. The fact that he is in love for his master is a little harder to believe since he officially appeared to have an official business relationship with him. Not yet designed children's homes and playground so I think "family family" was lit up in the brain Carol's. In the 1940s and the "code of the film" is working, farmers can only show sex through the image and here it is done through the dance drums played by Elisha Cooke dolls jnr.Carol himself as a girl of virtuous goodness in an attempt to impress drummer into giving him information about "Phantom Lady" alibi. For another major character, Jack Marlow (Scott Henderson's partner) plays with Franchot Tone who found the performance of the performances and I wonder why Carol, for instance he did not always remember the strang Ely admiring his hands. Then the screenplay should be improved and provided more suspense as these displays the telegraphed action plot too early for the audience.
