I can accept safe (like IMGb geek) that 'Phantom Lady' will not die in my more than twenty films. Cannot even enter the top fifty. But instead of disrespecting the film because it is not as good as many other kinds of black films, it should be noted that 'Phantom Lady' has enough and durable pictures in it to make it look. All that is needed from the viewer is able to pass beyond the start of the terrible. <br /> <br /> The movie doesn't get cooking until 'Kansas' (Ella Raines) stays on trying to prove all but directly handedly lack of his boss, Scott Anderson (Alan Curtis), who has been sentenced to murder. 'Kansas' is the secretary of Anderson for the day and the spying of the nightmare. As the emerging pastor is doing his best to work on the street in New York night. The slightest step begins to put the pieces of puzzle to kill the secret together. To be honest, the film is Water and is due to its existence that the film works very well. Somehow he has the ability to breathe life on a film about a condemned person who is not good for a little. I do not know whether this power of the behavior of an unethical behavior becomes an actor or director, but it is clear where something becomes very bad with the film. If it looks like the rain is like a shepherd's detective, things are hurrying to another hidden gear while 'Kansas' returns on a visit to a lost player (Elisha Cook, Jr.) looking for information to help his convicted master. He and drummer are looking for a new type of red when visiting jazz clubs "all night". Trying to describe this area can prove the injustice in the area or the worst case, however, can damage the area together. You will know the area once the end of the cymbali accident has finished the right. If you are fortunate to have this film on DVD, you will be more likely to restore this area again and again. As the rain is, this is the scene that makes this film appear. It is mainly because of this area that I measure 'Phantom Lady' 7 instead of 6. <br /> For the most part this film comes as a bright and bland with a small image and one large area. It's 'dance / sex area' which separates this film from all the same people. <br /> <br /> And as it said in the film that "you don't go wrong with Vanilla", I would also like to add that "go with Vanilla" is a choice to go back when someone can't decide to have a tastier treat. <br /> <br /> 7/10. Clark Richards
