The objective of any game of James Bond is to make the player feel like he is completing the final fantasy: action within the Agent 007. shoes "FRWL" comes closer to this goal than any other game, because this time reigns James real Bond. There is no mistake for Pierce Brosnan, who made a wonderful Bond and borrowed his voice and resembled the "EON", but Sean Connery was the former James Bond, and there would be no one closer to his cool rate. I must say this time, like many others who have gone through this game, that Sean's 70-year-old is not suitable for its 30-year-old image on the screen, and this takes some use, but surely it has that value. He makes lines like "Bond's Bond Bond" and "Connected, did not stir" in a great deal again. But Mr. Sean's control as he takes an evil organization known as OCTOPUS, as Bond said in the "Octopussy", "is just the tip of the camp." The severity of the game begins with the opening barrel. It's the original gun barrel from the movie. Then you take the first message, the redemption of the daughter of the Fire of Fire from terrorists in Parliament, and everything from cars up to the dress is fully retro. The world of this game is the original world of Bondo James, to the bottom of the rock-of-roll displays of James Bond theme which eventually begins at the key at the end of the game, as Bond enters the secret factory. After the opening of the game, the plot follows the film "FRWL". James Bond is sent to Turkey to get a Lektor device from the Russian clerk who claims to have crashed. In Turkey, Bond team has a beautiful Kerim Bey seat. Bond must occur on the device, protect the girl in distress, and go to safe return to London. Bruce Feirstein writes work on the script, and has done a good job of making the game similar to the film. The characters from all movies are restored, but others are better than others. Rosa Klebb and Red Grant actors are not available. And there is a time earlier in the game where you interact with Miss Moneypenny, M, and Q who all look and do as they did in the first Sean Connery 007 video. The Bond, rather than the voice of Mr. Sean and the model, are two important features in the game of the game. One is the Bond view. While you can prepare criminals by placing them in one button and killing another, push the extra button will allow you to pull around with the target and choose between Bond ads would shoot, such as a grenade connected to the belt that will send the enemy and a few of his friends or string a reference that will lead the enemy to stop his death. Another so-called feature is damage and kills combination. When you are very close, close the enemy button and the brutal brutality that James Bond of Sean Connery was shown. <br /> <br /> Bond of Sean Connery relied heavily on raw and his talent, so you just have a few gadgets, but they're good. Q-copter is a remote helicopter control that can damage and explore the Bond sites can not reach, as Q-spider in "EON", is much better. See the laser size is important, not only by entering into the sealed rooms, but sending enemies when you do not have any other weapons available. Sonic cups and serum guns are more fun to play around, but you have to find yourself. In addition to gadgets, you can go to wear clothes in several retro caps that were found during the game, including the gray suit from the film, the usual black tuxedo, retro secret suit, and ordinary white tuxedo, all of which it looks exactly as they did when Sir Sean put them on the movie. When you drive a game, you run Aston Martin DB5 directly out of "Goldfinger." Can't turn invisible, but has a gadget to beat tires like on the film. And when you are not crossing the Istanbul road on the "Goldinger" car, you can fly through the air on the "Thunderball" packet. <br /> <br /> Then there is a player player. Of course, it should be compared with the game "GoldenEye", and it fails. Also, you can play only the ignorant of Bond instead of wearing yourself or other game heroes. But player player is delightful, and a good bonus due to the destruction of one player's campaign alone makes the game worthy to play. The basic game has other errors. Some of the most exciting moments of the film, especially the gypsy army camp, brawl of Bond and Red Grant on Express Express, and the fight between the Bond and the Rosa Klebb shoe, have no right in the form of the game. And the game is playing fast, even with difficult difficulty. But in general, this game is the best experience of James Bond so far.
