If I was studying the production of Guys and Dolls steps before seeing movies, I could not be as much as I liked. Although for all rights, I would still be interested in the production of the best film because of my general service of Brando (for his acting) and Sinatra (in his voice, though he is the very actor too, see the Manchurian Registrar or From Here Forever. ) Some of the information of other consultants on the songs, I have the voice of Broadway's voice and although Isabel Bingley's voice is approaching that of Jean Simmons, it is not much better. I see it with amazing quality. The voice of Jean Simmons is more realistic, though legitimate, that it is not always a great concern in music. Also, when only I saw the sound of Marlon Brando's voice was the time of his drawing of the "Lucky Be Woman" and just there because I was a normal age with the version of Sinatra. I also find the voice of Vivian Blaine to be more interesting in the film than it is in Broadway. And the voice of Sinatra alone will be able to redeem the sins of all others, if they really had the need for redemption. (They didn't) It's better than Sam Levene, especially in my favorite song, 'Sue Me'. Also, complaints that many songs were removed from the film for low tracks, please be different. 'Bushel and Peck' is not a gem and a song that changed it, 'Pet Me Poppa' and its accompanying performance are a lot of Fire resources. I personally do not care to 'marry a man today' and am glad that it has not been included in the film. In Lovee expressing the same feelings and possibly in various forms that all the stars can reach more. And the movie cannot be the same without the song 'Adelaide', not with Broadway.In fact, if the Sound Sound was found for sale, I'd like to recommend to buy instead of Broadway. Although I haven't seen the original production, I can't imagine that acting will be better than that of the film administrators. The most important thing is that the story is charming as it was with the child and gs do not do so down.
