It would be easy to call Guys and big Dolls. It got Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando (and, contrary to the original Sinatra of the original, firing work), it has a real 1950s feeling cool, even if it is essentially transposed from the observation point and only a little discomfort. And many songs often enjoy, and it attracts, and makes it wink it and face an amazing escape for the form itself. If it is not exactly the same with the rest of its ilk, it should not have any fault of the film manufacturer Joseph L. Mankiewicz. Not all click completely, and a bit of conversation feels like it is being done for the opposite action of the film (it's hard to find out by the time- Brando and Sinatra straddle line often that someone looking carefully to tell when one is playing camera or for "action" ", when the actress playing Adele is ideal for the action of the screen." The plot is one of the winners who worked well for its period, even if one is wondering if its influence has spread to the popularity of 1999 She's All That (well, not quite, but close). Gambling (and 14 years of betrothed), played by Sinatra, wants to attend the full-time game, but is told that the "heat is over", meaning that the fighters are watching. Therefore, he has only one choice of hosting the game, and a tab of a thousand dollars. The only way he can get is through a bet-long time with his Brando player, who tries to do the wild work of a ministerial servant. It is allowed for deviation to predict in the story, for a sudden turn-up-off-off of charms of character, of idiosyncrasies of people from the street (gangsters and players with "saitn" played by Jean Simmons who is located in Brando). It is in its basic concepts, about this whole world of boys and girls, and how to equal one or more-open without getting married or also affected. <br /> <br /> Mankiewicz brings a lot of energy to a piece, even setting up with a camera on the topic, and its stars are well reeled in. Hell, even Brando works excellently for music as he is more than just an actor and shows his chops by singing with a great star quality. Stories and characters eventually take out what you expect will happen, and that's good. All we ask for- and what to get- is an entertaining in good spurts to entertain, involving a dialog, and a few songs and drums that bring the house down (my favorites were mobile for a woman-cat in the club, Bahati and Lady, and two numbers under Havana, Cuba. A-
