The San Francisco group of women who have been friends since primary school are suddenly threatened and attacked by someone who sends them a wonderful Valentine's Day card. Who is the killer and why is the killer after them? My estimation will often change in the future view of the film - sometimes slightly above, sometimes slightly down. However, I can't remember another film where my rating has changed significantly like Valentine. The first time I looked at it, on the release of the exhibition, I thought it was very bad - I gave 4 out of 10, equivalent to the "F" class. Looking for the second night last night, I can't remember what I didn't like about it. I can only assume that maybe I was in a bad condition to look at it, or maybe I wasn't just. In any case, I loved this time, giving 9 out of 10, or "A". It may hear that it is uncomfortable to say I have not received a movie like this, but there is nothing to find. Valentine is almost comedy / horror. Director Jamie Blanks, who was also responsible for the 1998 Urban Act, takes the form of a terrible boy which was very popular at the end of the 1990s after Scream (1996) and pushing a lot of things on a few, making Valentine deliberately enjoyable / campy near the point of ignorance (where absurdism is a positive stylistic term). On top of that, he gives us a film full of positive views on romantic relationships. Humor is common for it has the same sound of a modern camp like the horrible things of a young man. Most of the situation in the film, and the operandi modus of villain, humorous or not, is bound to the theme of Valentine's Day. Many viewers will remove points from the film for its multi-rooted cliché but not possible with the plot development. However, according to the above, the film is deliberately clichéd, implausible and ludicrous. It is like the blanks tries (and especially it succeeds) to pass the normal slasher of the boy to ridicule / discard the forms of the time when it also eliminates eros. That is the attraction for the false set of awesome films on Valentine's Day. It is incongruity that is cleverly effective in the film, and that's itself in the heart of a kind of slasher, making it the first food for a relaxing delight for Valentine. The shouting was the same aim as its fearsome, but stopping there was that the film was "self-conscious". Valentine's Day is deliberately not self-conscious; The viewer should rely on contextual signals of satire. Nor should I think I "read so much" on the film, it is good to note that Blanks said in an interview that "just did not make another film after Urban Legend" and producer Dylan Sellers said he wanted to do something "more than adults". Other viewers do not like the fact that Valentine's Day is very different from its hardware, novel with Tom Savage. The characters of the novel, set and plot are quite different from the film. The traders said, "When it was a good book, I didn't think it was the right story for the film". So instead of a novel, which is very dry and louder, it was used as a launching pad, a motif to create a distinctive story of fear / excitement based on Valentine's Day. Although this fact will not help donors who know the book as a film, it is important to understand why the film has a plot and its view. It is probably best to watch the movie as an independent link with the same theme. <br /> <br /> Trends 'widgets' cannot be seen. Valentine's Day has a lush look around, with hard, deep colors, interesting sets, and a beautiful stage. Obstacles are best to keep its modern photos and attacks are not too dark, and a clear point. He also directs its administrators for aplomb, plays the most frequent performances of humor. David Boreanaz, like Adam Carr, is involved in a lot of fun. When Valentine's Day is not a hub, it is a very awesome / exciting movie that looks very likely and improper thoughts. If you look at it expect something more language-in-cheek you can find yourself aware is much more.
