This is the corner of Frank Loesser's interesting words, a masterpiece and strong building and those who changed the Damon Runyon equipment on the "music" book. It's an amazing thing about the film's how the music numbers come from the story. Abe Burrows made this book with contributions from Loesser; Michael Kidd was a choreographer, and the best leadership of the art donated by Joseph Wright. Story story can be told in two sentences. Nathan Detroit, played by Frank Sinatra, needs money to give him a full-time game to keep Big Julie, a Chicago Mob host. Thanks to the surprise-player Sky Masterson, well presented by Marlon Brando, that he can not find the girl of the Army Army to go to Havana with him; Masterson wins the bet, saves the Message, likes the girl, gets the passengers and riffraff in the game of play to attend the service, and tells everyone that the woman had already considered her will - a perfect lie. Of course he lives with the woman; and Detroit marries this long marriage, Vivian Blaine. Others in the cast include Stubby Kaye, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith, B.S. Pulley as Big Julie Mobster, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Toomey, Mary Alan Kokanson, Kathryn Givney as the leader of the Salvation Army, Veda Ann Borg and Jean Simmons as the ignorant Salvation Army, Sarah Brown. The most popular music numbers in this Broadway smash winning prize include "Fugue For Tinhorns", "Guys and Dolls", "Fortune Being Lady", "I Know", "Man Can Promote Cold", and "The Little Strengthened the game Crap Floating in New York! ". Joseph L. Mankiewicz of "Cleopatra" and "Letter to Three Women" Fame described the case; and the flow of work is very interesting and progressively moving. She is also good to get a good conversation and lead a big number like the "Lucky Wife", a different part of the shawl challenge, part of the Havana "Woman In Love" is made up of a leading film, displayed by song head "Guys and Dolls" and "Pet Me, Poppa" sat in the club where Blaine works. Acting is very different. Simmons seem to be bad for some time, Brando finds and sing and is very good during instinct, charm and play, even in comedy. events. Sinatra tries hard but it is appropriate for the role for several reasons like Nathan Detroit; Blaine is very young in selling her numbers, which she certainly plays professional. Leonard, Toomey, Kaye, Keith and Pulley do what is asked for and more everywhere. The opening and closing of stylized is done well; all for all, this film is the victory of friendly and subtle words of Loesser, for the director Mankiewicz as a supervisor, and for the music genres, and thus assisted in this situation. Rejoicing and very different.
