This music is not exactly what I expected, especially that it did not have many events between Brando and Sinatra. As was the case of Damon Runyon's Story, I expected to have a surprise and surprise, which had one very good one - when we got the Sinatra group used the Salvation Army Office for their decoration while Brando was in Havana and Simmons. If it's really a good time too, when Brando brings him back. I didn't expect too much from Brando as a singer, but he was surprised. He was not a great man but was very good in that role. His great number in sewage, however, with other Sinatra boys was the only place I felt the Brando sound was weak. He did not only have a strong peak needed. In general I have seen scenes between Brando and Simmons filled with electricity, something I didn't think would happen when we saw the first Simmons and himself, and later when we were brought to Brando in a restaurant with Sinatra trying to pull one quickly on it. It was not until Brando went to his office that the story was alive. <br /> <br /> Frank Sinatra, on the other hand, was flat, even its sound displays. And Vivian Blaine, who I have never heard of, but who I think played the role of Broadway, seemed only to slow the case. The events between him and Sinatra were obvious. Also, his songs seemed to be too weak for me to develop a story or character. In addition, all Goldwyn Girls' numbers were seen as a shoe, while there glitz. For example, when Frank meets Brando at the nightclub, we have just rejected the step-by-step number of cats - then it is reduced to boys who continue as if they did not have any number of drums. Every time Brando and Simmons were on the screen, I had a good time, but each time we returned to the story of Sinatra-Blaine, my interest rate decreased. For songs, there were some good, especially the first number and Stubby Kaye, Fugue for the number of Tinhorns (Can you do!). That is a great song and reminds me of the very first song in The Man Man - Cash for Merchandise ... anything called. And numbers in the sewage - I couldn't help but being reminded of the "cool" from West Side Story - which brings me to the point. I did not like the style of art in this film. The fake Square Times was simply a deception that described itself. Same for the chain of Havana, and especially the sewage. I realized back in 1955 many music were hit on a set, but things changed - Carousel, for example, used a well-picture scene. Even in the city they photographed in Mahattan in 1949. When we get the West Side Story in 1961, we were given that Manhattan's events had to be shooting in Manhattan. So by comparison, Manufacturers and Dolls set by Manhattan felt to have more and very little. And changing Lindy to Mindy's - actually did it for legal reasons? Now, I was thinking Guys and Dolls were music about Sinatra and Brando and their adventures with different girls. It focused more than that, which is on its loan. In the matter is better than Les Girls, which was interesting in its own right, but it had a little depth. <br /> <br /> My main complaint about Guys and Dolls, and I don't know if this is normal for the original original show, but when Jean Simmons knows that Brando did not get any money for a bet that made by Sinatra and even said that he lost a bet, he runs just to look for us and we cut on the wedding. It seems to me the area between Brando and Simmons would add to the story effect. Seeing Brando coming around as he came close to him would have been a huge area. There is a similar situation in The Music Man (SPOILERS AHEAD), while Harold and Marion have the same duet while waiting to change them. He is on his house, he is on the road. Sings Trombones 76. Sings Goodnight My Man. They turn and sing each other - a good way to present their cross to each other. It is the emotional time of the film. However, Guys and Dolls had a lot to go for it.
