I am fascinated by the feeling of grace towards (or mercy for!) Sinatra in other reviews here. I have read elsewhere that Sinatra has never been shown to forgive anyone for * not * used as Sky Masterson. Well, for whom is the one who does not like to be thrown like Sky Masterson? ?? is a great part: a very successful gambler player who makes a big mistake when he allows to be inserted into a bet, where he must have a Soldant Sister Sarah Brown's Army for Cuba, or lose. Not money? is proud, but she and she meets their match. At the same time Nathan Detroit should know his patient wife Adelaide trying to find a spot for a craps game that will make him rich if he should not separate his wife forever. <br /> <br /> The movie started life as a series of short stories by Damon Runyon: it is his unique conversation you hear, and that's his character names, and that's his horse / night / night night's nightclub . Then it became music, and you can't help but feel that in the form of the film has never been left to action. Cameras are static odd with amazing sets? and not fun? flat and baby. Fortunately music is very good, I don't care very much. Anything that really liked about this film, however, is singing and acting for two singers, Brando (like Sky) and Jean Simmons (like Sargeant Sarah Brown). Of course, placing singers in these roles would have the best production of music; but in fact you have forgotten that two very best actors brought something other than a party: what they did not have the most talented sounds of the gusto, the ability to act, and pathos, pathos, pathos. You have the Sky as she speaks to Sarah about the reason, steadiness, pipes and security. You like to enjoy Sarah under the influence of Cuba's "milk". You feel quite suddenly and enthusiastic about their place in the flower and bell shouting and the hour to go before the flight will take home. If the Sky says well, it's "chemistry". Pro singers? What? The Broadway or the Designers of the soft? it cannot rely on doing so. (And certainly they did not.) Read somewhere that Brando accused Sinatra for disappearing everything in his place of Nathan Detroit. Sinatra was also offended by the four ways of the Brando. As a Brando fan (suggests?!) I must take the other side, but I can't think that this film would be the most common class of today is today as Brando and Simmons were not included with their good chemistry; Brando forecasts; Simmons face, all the cheeks of pink and red hair, drunk and shy in the Cuba bar. Good. I will always need a copy of this film as soon as I need to feel good again. You will forgive me if I give some of Nathan (sleeping) to talk part of 100% of the shadow however, aren't you? Can't? O, silent and have more of the Mindy cheesecake!
