{The most destructive criminals ... you have been shown.} <br /> <br /> That is one of my favorite music all the time and the music of the film! (Other is Damn Yankees and Gwen Verdon, Tab Hunter and Ray Walston) As we all know, sometimes the luster (not mentioning the songs) of the show is lost in its transition from point to screen. This is for the most part, not recommended case here. <br /> <br /> Settings are divine, colorful and colorful, the characters are much larger than life and you can't help but love them, and Michael Kidd choreography is completely stunning. (Very glad to know that they used the previous Broadway's choreographer) / All <br /> All characters "hit the ball" (ie, the impossible chemistry) to the full in this film. Frank and Marlon are very faithful as the owner of a long-standing northern game in New York, with a very bad player who hits even minutes - like his fever goes up to 104 if it is not worth penicillin. Sweet, clean faces Jean Simmons is perfect for Sarah's role (although it is true, her singing pipes are not as wonderful as Isabel Bigley or Josie de Guzman) - a message shop with a heart of gold and car to heal all. And last but of course (in any of my list) is Miss Vivian Blaine, reprising its Broadway position as Miss Adelaide - Hot Box leading singer and dancer who would like to end her 14 years to share with Nathan and marriage, and remove herself of psychological cooling amempa. First, udos for Stubby Kaye and BS Pulley as they expand their Broadway roles as Nicely-Nicely Johnson and Benny Southstreet. There were no more two people who loved gambling than these. Brando is good, as usual, and although they do not have the voice of Robert Alda or Peter Gallagher, you forget it - if you have this meaning of the decision to bring all that you can to its position as Sky Masterson. "Lucky being a woman" gives me sores every time I see her doing a number. Especially enjoyable is to hear him saying "Daddy ... I've got a cider in my ear." Simmons is interesting and interesting in the right role for his looks, voice and how he acts. You love so much for him not only to win in heaven (or, to the end, to trust him), but to help people overcome gambling, drinking and other sins, and living a life with God. His "If I Was Bell" art is very good, say the least! <br /> <br /> Sinatra is a person. He is very perfect for Nathan Detroit's role - and here he composes the parts that Sam Levene from Broadway casting never could (the bright actor, but the chap was a deaf tone ... go to the figure). I was so happy to be added to the song "Adelaide" ... want someone else to sing like that to ME. Frankie's access to cold, degradation decreases the limits of this movie. But most importantly, you want to be introduced to Adelaide. And speaking of Adelaide, Vivian Blaine is very perfect in this role. From the impetus to ask "Aliaide's Lament", he is only severe. And it's also my favorite part of the entire movie. He makes an excuse for Adelaide ... especially when he cried before and again when "Sue Me". I still have not decided whether I would like "Pet Me Poppa" better than "Bushel and Peck" ... maybe I love the same. In any way, he does fantastic with those like "Take your Mink." (I'm sad that they came out "hollanderize" from the film ...) He is a full-scale, without mentioning hilarious, and my favorite part of the entire film. One of the best things about this film is their interpretation. It is a combination of high class and slang on the street. Never use "It", "I'll come" or "Yes." It's always "It's", "I will" and "That's it." In general, Guys & Dolls are one of all my favorite movies and music, and it is one that you should take during watching every time it comes. My complaint only? No "Marriage This Man Today." Now that's a good song.
