I remember watching the Disney version and watching it now makes me think it has somehow lost its touch. Among other instructions, Ever after setting aside, of Cinderella, in fact, have lost their touch in all ages. Then I've got this production for the impaired performance by Kathleen Turner as the wife of a bad mother and was hit by the essence of the phantasmagorical story of this fantasy story that gave me under her spell since childhood. We all know the story of Cinderella, a girl whose father died and was managed by her older mother and boys and they like to go to the ball for one last chance of freedom. But this line of conspiracy takes a distinctive difference in the ancient Tale of Fairy by causing Cinderella (whose real name is Zizola, and is called Cinderella and her family because of her slavery) into the condition of her father (who still lives) to lose himself to a great wife who leads her to play with her lovers and his wife and girls against himself and tries to poison her. Therefore, Zizola may save her father by preventing her first mother from getting another winner in the ball by tearing men coming. There, the great bored King has a heart change from his beautiful life and falls in love with an extraordinary woman in an amazing dress (designed by nymph of water called Mab) and rings of rose for slippers. What motivated me to this film more than all was original to take a fairy park which no one can compare with. It is not appropriate for a false network like many Cinderella stories, it does not ignore any reason why Cinderella would like to attend the ball and does not give an indirect side to the Prince as the Disney version did. Instead it shows more of the unselfish heart of Cinderella than any other production and artwork is just amazing! All clothing is decorated with beauty, especially the ball of blue bottle of Zizola to resemble the wonderful beauty of Marcella Plunkett and smooth sound, like the spirit. I would strongly recommend this film to anyone who is fascinated by a series of dreams like the old Tale of ancient and fascinating fairy. My only problem is that manufacturers and directors did not create a full collection of other fairy tales and this feature and the fact that the film is currently not published.
