It is difficult to say sometimes why the film is particularly effective. From the time I got the first "Stone Boy", something told me it would be a great film. Despite this, it was very difficult that I would like to have the opportunity to see it for myself. Then, one day, while watching the online list of my local library, I noticed that they were soon bought a DVD to release this film. Which I am very happy, because the movies are deep in depth and quality which old copies of the VHS cannot copy. And about talking about movies, I must put it off with the most amazing feature of this film. As a photographer who closely monitors the real visual model shown in the "Boy of Stone", I believe quite in the fact that the famous film writer can almost one-handedly carry the film. Here, he has great support from giving us very talent, and the director who fully understands what the story requires. But having Juan Ruiz Anchía behind the camera makes almost every area of ​​beauty. And you can never say so. Most movies won't even expect something like that. View after event you get a detailed description, some little magic to see which takes your breath away. Leader, Christopher Cain, has had a long and interesting job. To the extent that I could collect, this film is not very representative. But, sometimes, catching the director around the beginning of his career, before all the major budget and losing focus, there is a real magic of the trick found. Cain turns back in this film, allows things to happen to their own lives, and then proceed. As well as the original John Sayles films, characters are given a chance to breathe, while talking. Story stories happen because they do, and that's how life is. Cain shows the wonderful, raw, even knowledge of human nature in this film. <br /> <br /> Working with a lot of this story together. When people are talking, when they are in this film, they do it as real people, not accepted by the fact that they are playing characters. The Gina Berriault Script allows talented and respectable actors like Wilford Brimley, Robert Duvall, Glenn Close, and Frederic Forrest to spend time. If what they say is small or of great importance, it all comes from the reality of reality. When you look at the actors involved, or the loud voice of James Horner, it seems strange that the film is almost forgotten. Maybe a lot of what makes the "Rock Player" is what was done. There is a 1970s hangover feeling for this image that reminds me of my childhood. People are talking about 80 years in terms of modern styles and music, but not 80 years in which I lived or remember. The image view, the lowest quality of the skill and the darkness of the acting, and the general outcomes should be under the skin of anyone who grew up or near this North American period. I see myself in this. I see how I have seen the world. And the film as "The Boy Boy" sees the world for how it is true. <br /> <br /> For more of this feeling, please check out: <br /> <br /> Black Stallion (1979), Never Cry Wolf (1983), Featured Tender (1983), Agano (1983), Heart Parts (1984), Matewan (1987), High Tide (1987), Run Miss Daisy (1989), Garden Garden (1993), The Secret Of The Roan Gospel (1994), Wendy and Lucy (2008)
