In fact, I see this film also facing my own pain. It's very difficult to the very end. There is no way I can justify the judgment for anyone who did things I did not like (well, except for the hateful behavior played by Fredrick Forrest). But it is still very strange to see people doing it this way, placing the walls around them when the word or so can break the ice and promote healing. The terrible catastrophe blows the family of Montana. They believe they have lost one child, but it turns out to be lost. 2. The important thing is, if they just say and cope with their sadness together, they will have no end to losing their second child permanently. <br /> <br> But they just can't. Something prevents this family from sharing their grief. Some families go to silence and anger when some of them describe their fingers (and then go ahead and cheat their pregnant wife by deceiving the dead loved one ... that Andy's behavior is really a snake!) The only family member who does not threaten Arnold for somehow it's his grandfather (Wilford Brimley). Grandpa seems to be able to talk to a boy without judgment or even child protection. He seems to know what a child thinks even though Arnold did not say these days. In fact it is a blessing for a poor child to have one person who can turn. No one else seems to understand the fact that Arnold may be shocked, by refusing, or that his way of mourning may not be the same style, or at the same speed, if they could expect. It is easy to judge and be angry and feel someone "built with stone" because they are not sad in the way we believe they should. <br /> <br /> The story is very quiet and natural. You can't find a spoon or some of the Hollywood feel-good. I was very worried about the fact that the child was seriously injured and convicted that it was necessary to beat several hundred miles to apologize to Andy's wife, for something that should not be blamed himself. Arnold can kill his brother by accident, but no one is concerned with the end of the marriage, which seems to be lousy directly, except for two people in marriage. It is simply unfortunate Arnold did not enter the car with a pedophile or a murderer. Robert Duvall and Glenn Close spectators like parents who somehow can't get their own contact with their son, know what Arnold is going. Jason Presson, who I have never seen elsewhere except for the newborn babies called the BOTTOM and the story of the shadow spirit called LADY WHITE, did a wonderful job like Arnold, good performance from a child actor. <br /> <br /> Besides being slow at a certain time, STONE BOY is a better movie, and very bitter.
