The stone boy is a close game you have forgotten since the 1980s. Based on how many are known or recently become popular in the film, someone wondered how it would have been ignored. This is a slow, powerful, but very touching account of a catastrophic family farm. The film is more than under the charge of the Midwestern stoic values ​​and impress feelings. The film will not be all delicious, but anyone who can understand the real human nature must be the same. <br /> <br /> In the beginning of the film, we see two brothers leaving the morning hours to pick peas and maybe shoot ducks or two as they are lucky. While riding through a wire fence, the gun allows an accident and a young boy strikes his big brother. These boys seem to have never caught the security course. The way that two men go through fence like this with one gun will be as follows: The first person passes through. The second person then takes the gun through the fence. The first person then puts the gun down and helps others through the fence. At any time someone should have hands on the gun and fence. However, after the death of his brother, 12-year-old Arnold enters his own world. He even even run for help after his brother shot. He goes ahead and takes the peas and tells his family about the accident later. At any time during the funeral or observation what Arnold seems to show any regret or depression even. His family seems to stop him. Perhaps they are angry with him to kill his brother. The uncle of the surprise played by Frederick Forrest is angry with Arnold, though the brother's death is large enough to beat the baby girl. Arnold's parents don't seem to understand how to deal with their son. They don't even try to tell him. About the only person who can contact him is his grandfather who plays the most familiar skills with Wilford Brimley. Over time, Arnold even goes with an old timer. Nothing is seen as Arnold opens until he goes on a wonderful road trip to Reno Nevada to see his old uncle's wife. When he met him, he starts to emerge from his hat after begging him to break his marriage by starting family problems and accidents. From here, the film becomes quick lessons in reconciliation and awakening. It is very far away in many situations. Robert Duvall and Glenn Close makes parents of the stoic field perfect. Forrest is good, but maybe he is trying very hard to perform the work of Paul Newman's work in Hud. Style is unique, too. If you would like a picture of the intermediary about the common people, this could be yours. Some may even be advised to bring some tissue. 8 stars 10. <br /> <br /> Hound.
