Michelle Rodriguez is a well-qualified high school who realizes that she has a severe blow and starts an amateur training in Brooklyn. Santiago Douglas is a very handsome young man, who was older than he, who also learns there. They meet after class, to say, and feel attracted to each other. No sex. Santiago has been ordered to save it for its next bout. Conservative radio broadcaster recently announced - and I swear I don't do it - "Let her face, the president is black." I'm here doing the same investigation - "Men and women are different." Now, in 99 cases out of 100, this is not appropriate to make any difference in physical performance. But in one percent of the highest - trained athletes who have been well-respected - men generally have benefits. For their small sores can run faster. And they have a strong muscle strength and high strength. These differences in body building are possible for women to be born and to raise children and for men to find and kill them. This connection is the result of the normal process of natural selection. Without it, there may be no human being. And that, boys and girls, why they have men's events and women's events at the Olympic. I'm talking to you as your man. That will be ten cents, PayPal liked it. That is why I called this gender blind program. As a talented player like Rodrigues is, approaching the climax of the game, he will eventually lose the male. There is where problems occur in this film. Rodrigues finally matches against his boyfriend, Douglas. Nor did he want to open any anger on the other hand, not to mention the rights of circles, but the pride of all is dangerous, and pride is personal and gender. Douglas refuses to fight with a woman in the ring. And Rodriguez is faced with what he sees as his refugee view. Approaching with joy. I did not expect much from the film. I thought it would be a trap of Clint Eastwood's "Million Dollar Baby" until I realized that this was released years earlier. And I've never heard of the director or characters. This kind of watchfulness creates television stations that cannot work and so on. But I was amazed at how well this is shared. The general lack of people left them to open mouthed. Therefore, the use of pork, gloves, blood, cutting eye, post-bout surfaces, oil and sweaty viewers shout "Kill! Nose, sweat spray from a hit head, heroic music The long-term apotheosis of the winner. There is not even here - well, almost no. The entire character can be considered as a formulaic. ”A tough child finds a bag in the ring, etc.. much of which this amateur race is the same. Unlike those we see on TV and in casual movies, there are no ring bells, for example, instead of a playful and conscientious candidate crying "Stop!" and "Box!" Fighters wear headphones Exercise is not done with a few of the audience, but it is a few people who have some interest in action. It is a clean movie, despite setting up a bad situation and the behavior of unhappy family. Michelle Rodriguez can look very good, what n a muscle of his muscles and his eyes glowing under his lower face, but once you use it with the idea that this is a girl who can beat you on a donkey whenever she wants to, and as soon as you hear her feminine match, it's not bad . (The thing that fights his father on the floor destroys them.) It was a little harder to understand Dauglas's time when Rodriguez climbed up on his bed. Director, Karyn Kusama, has carefully selected his talent. <br /> <br /> It shows what you can do with some talents, ideas, and money money. There must have more films like that. Take one of the blockbusters of several billion dollars full of dinosaurs or ships of space and spread around a little generous.
