Composing unknown Michelle Rodriguez as Diana was a mental stroke. He is perfect. His inexperienced work really works for him. We have never seen him before he feels like his story. It also brings real difficulty. This works against him though, because we have no doubt at all. He should never be grateful for winning because he may never on any warrior we do not think he can beat. So as a boxing movie, it fails. <br /> <br /> Then again, this is not really a boxing movie. How do you make a film about a girl who wants to be a bomber not a pipe movie? You don't. But Karyn Kusama has that. Like many indie films, "Girlfight" loses classification or type and deals with the logic that can be found around and occur in real life. Diana is doing bad at school. He beat people who do not like (all other girls in his school for example). He is not worthy. Her father compels her little baby boy to learn the box so that he can defend himself when things happen. He gives a small amount of money for his boxing sessions and gives something to Diana, if they do not need to defend themselves, or anything worth making his life. The small want to go to the art school (cliche ', yuck), so it gives his place of boxing to Diana, who really wants a box. Things can be difficult when Diana falls by another striker, Adrian (Santiago Douglas), who is looking for a pro turn. From there the story leads to the inevitable ... the two meet in the fight against the head of the amateur. What was cold was that I never found all these interesting things. It's just a little too reliable. Children with difficult lives growing in difficult urban areas are returning to sports. Many professional traders have increased from these conditions. The intellectual and physical difficulty of this growth needs to get a game like boxing, where anger is your friend. So this time is a girl. The main problem. Or there is another chance to take: finally, boxing movie about a girl. Dance of women has been around for a long time. The violence we see in boxing films is changed here and the discussion of their lives and feelings. The whole fight is used as a platform that has a large color picture. Respect. Win the problem. Find yourself. I recommend "Girl" because it has a good spirit and is an example of a great job for the first director. The discussion did not come about the quality of soap, but the story itself has changed my opinion on other things. Yes, the world now looks like a better place. The film did that. <br /> <br /> Bridge: B-
