The first step to the road leading to any place is to realize that you're on the first place; then it becomes a matter of focusing and taking positive steps to overcome the negative impact on your life that can put you on the road to start. What exactly is the Latino little girl doing `Girlfight, 'written and directed by Karyn Kusama. Diana (Michelle Rodriguez) is a senior school high school aged eighteen from projects in Brooklyn, facing the expulsion after her fourth battle in the hall since the beginning of semester. He affects any attitude that pushes deep anger that threatens to take him to the place he does not like to go. He lives with his father, Sandro (Paul Calderon), who has a very good relationship with his younger brother, Tiny (Ray Santiago). Along with the decline of his abrasion, he needs a great trap through the use of demons that hurt him. And one day he sees, without even looking at it, when he stops and exercises where tiny trains. Amazingly, Tiny did not want anything to do with boxing; he wants to go to an art school, but Sandro is determined that his son can take care of himself on the road, and pay ten dollars a week for his studies. When Diana persuades Tiny trainer, Hector (Jaime Tirelli), to take him, and approach his father for money, under the shadow of a weekly money (they don't want to know what he wants money), Sandro returns and tells him to go and get his money. Finally, with the help of Tiny gets the way, and the ring soon becomes his second home. It is the environment in which he causes easily, and it seems that his life is about to turn to the better. And the fact that he will have to fight with men, not women, in the 'blind' race, does not do it at all. Diana has found her feature. The first-time author / director Karyn Kusama has done a great job of creating a realistic story of his story, showing a lifetime image of life in projects and depressing so much to the many young people who find themselves in to die on the road leading anywhere. And there is no candy coating on it, either; as Hector tells Diana when she asks how she was when she is, 'I was a fighter once. I lost. ' Then, look around with a busy gym, 'As many of these guys, they also lose, too. But that's all they know - 'And that's the character of the character, such as the way the characters are shown, which makes this movie as good as it is. It is a world of color, describing and slow-down exercises, which can smell the smell of boxes - and that means the destruction that depends on all of it as pall, baptizing these people tied up and hanging for one thing and all they have, all they know. To make its first screens, Michelle Rodriguez is fully beaten as Diana, separating it from a deep and inclusive level that separates him from the waves. He is true that makes you wondering how much true is Rodriguez; especially where the actor leaves the behavior begins? Whatever it is, it works. It is a powerful, memorable, and actress who will expect another effort in anticipation. It certainly makes Diana a good example, which many people often seek inspiration and realize that there are alternatives available in life, at least for those who will drive them out. <br /> <br /> As positive as this film is, however, it ends up on something to remember without accepting; although Diana is clear her feet down, there is no indication of where she is headed. What? Is this a short-term strategy for him, or decides to be a Hector woman? After all, in fact (and due to the fact that originality is one of the power of this film), professional boxing is not a profession that volunteers, and opens hands to women. And based on the image of the film, and the way of the film manufacturer, confirmation of the results of Diana's intentions would be correct. Bocanegra (Marisol), Alicia Ashley (Ricki) and Thomas Barbour (Ira). Although it gives a real picture of the life that many will be able to recognize, there are some aspects of 'Girlfight,' which put little trust, about what is happening in the ring. That aside, it is a good film which in many places is a satisfactory experience. I measure this 7/10 rate. <br /> <br /> <br />
