Walt Disney's "Rookie" depends on the story of Jim Morris, a former picher league who has made one of the most amazing in the history of games, completing his 10-year retirement and making his Premier League in 1999 at 35 The film opens for a brief childhood of Morris, which included a series of renewal sites - his father was a military man. And even when his family was a good soccer player in Texas, Morris's passion for baseball remained strong. Childhood is then flying before 23 years for an adult Morris (played by Dennis Quaid) who is now a baseball coach and a chemist at the Big Lake High School (in real life was Reagan High School in Big Lake,). Texas). It is said that he tried to work as a baseball player but did not work. Morris's team strives and teaches them about giving up their dreams. They give him a table, telling him that he should try for the Premier League. In many cases when he puts them into practice, they are amazed at the speed that it gives us. Morris seems to not know but he agrees to deal with his players who, if they win the district, will try the Premier League team. <br /> <br /> The big lake conquers the district and, based on its end of the deal, Morris attends Rays Devil Devils. Effectively, he gives us about 98 miles per hour - faster than he hit during his small league career and even greater speed for the Premier League. After another try out with the team, Morris is offered a contract with the Devil's Rays. This makes him a tough decision - staying in a good life again or following his dream for the Premier League through a small grinding money and spending months at a time away from home. The decision is more stressful than the first league league because now he has a wife and three children. Morris signals and the Rays of the Devil, begins at the AA level and moves quickly to AAA Level, one level under the Baseball League. But when the weather is up, the chance to get "right" grows steadily. <br /> <br /> For the most part, I would like this movie. There are many exhibitions and interesting characters and it is easy to find yourself connecting the truth to Morris. Also, the movie has a great job to show a professional baseball at the main and small league levels. And above all, it teaches an incomplete message to focus on your dreams even when they seem to be far away and impossible to succeed. However, movies have certain errors. Although they are generally correct, they multiply and even build a few things. See http://espn.go.com/page2/s/closer/020410.html for certain models. Also, except for the same area that he prays with his players, the movie completely denies the Christian faith of Morris. But focusing on the left of the Disney, that's not surprising. It is possible, a lot of recovery / effectiveness was made to make the story so wonderful. However, the 20-minute document on Morris which is included in the DVD contains some details that make his story more visible but is taken from the film. For example, from birth to his family living in Texas when he was 12 years old, Morris again earns 14 times. And his initial work of a few leagues finished after four surgery in a way that he lost half of the muscles in the shoulder its left, and so make its decline to 98 mph as much as possible. To fully understand and understand the story of Jim Morris, it is better not only to look at "Rookie" but to watch the DVD document, see the link mentioned above and unknown to the film and maybe read the biography of Morris, also called "Rookie." I haven't read a book but I hope one of these days. But in general, "Rookie" is a very beautiful picture of a miracle story and is a powerful covenant for the power of dreams and the victory of the ordinary man. 8/10
