Sometimes, the Lady of the Sea refreshes me. I did earlier - and copied more - the VHS tape of this amazing TV test. I had a sad heart when I realized what I did since I couldn't find a copy of anywhere. Soon, I signed up for a digital cable, and while looking for upcoming movies, there was a surprise broadcast of the movie. This time, however, I made a copy of the DVD so there is no chance to repeat my mistakes. Finally I had to look at it again after eight years, and it was as exciting and time when I first saw it. There is a bit of introduction to this story because my first contact with the "Pandora Clock" came directly to this book on public radio. I just came to the broadcast on my way home for lunch, and from the first phase, I walked. Every day, I waited for the next chapter to read. I learned a few months later that this book would be announced on television as a film, I made sure to erase the event schedule. Before all, I would like to say that the movie was very real to the book, as opposed to what another consultant said. That, itself, is the only success of TV shows. Second, I agree with others about throwing. I couldn't think of the best option for Captain Holland than Richard Dean Anderson. In fact, the film could hit and burn without being thrown into this important role. Anderson has never been better, and it is a shame that we didn't see more of it. In fact, all organized members did a very good job. My only complaint to the movie - and the book - was to oppose the "terrorist plot" to create a private business plane with air and air missiles and to have its pilot trunk and to hit a hit airplane. Basically, we talk about less than 36 hours to set up and implement a program like this, and people, which are not quite true for all players involved. It is also not true how the small plane was affected by the first, then the two engines were hit. That is, on the side of the beef, I enjoyed the excitement of the building and I believed how the effects of foreign governments were shown in the film, as well as our own. If you have the opportunity to see this film, do it in all ways.
