Make a picture: a foreign alien scene. Four months shines bright red blood. Tardis countries, and outside the doctor's stage, a middle-aged man in Victorian frock coat, and Rose, his friend from the world. The midwife to recognize his face. "Well, I never! His planet Saurious-7. I fought with the warring Kraggartians. They tried to use great Skinkons to take the world." The girl pulls the air. "We can't go, Doctor." I don't like to look for this place. "I keep thinking that we are watching." The doctor finds a finger that is unacceptable. "Don't be stupid, girl. I wonder if the King and King of Cordaraby City remember from my last visit." Come Rose, come together! "He continues, the girl struggles to keep up. On top of the hill, the red eyes are looking at them ..." No 'Rose' resumed in 2005, and thank you in heaven for that reason. now seen as a historic part, put 'DkWho' back to which it was, like one of the BBC's programs. The mistakes made by the McGann TV movie learned well. the series, and start with the shop girl Rose Tyler (Billie Piper) going around her daily routine. One day she goes to the apartment to find someone named Wilson, then trouble begins. Mannequins live and attack her. The intervention of a strange visitor (Christopher Eccleston) that he has been saved. <br /> <br /> Stories, little though it may be, is more than enough if the starting point of the series. peace (this was their first appearance since 1971), but no references have been made for their past exhibitions - another argument of wisdom. The latter had successfully modified the most prominent place in 'Spearhead From Space' when the dummies of the shop shop were found for life. As a doctor, Christopher Eccleston had no clarity of his predecessors, like a modern leather coat for traditional Doctor's dresses, but this made it possible for new advertisers. Billie Piper mocked his critics by making a big impression like 'Rose'. Also good was Noel Clarke as Mickey 'his girlfriend. Yes, there was more emphasis on special effects, but then it needed to be - a set of repair and the power of old creatures are not in place on the 21st century. What is most important is how the script this good is. Ten million people hoped to see a new Doctor. <br /> <br /> 'Dr.Who' was back - and back with bang!
