They did it. And, boy, they did it for fantastically or what! The BBC finally brought Doctor back to our screen on Saturday evening where he belongs! And they did in fashion! One of the dynamics of the new series is Russel T Davies as an author and executive executive. He is a fan of the show and knows what other fans want, but it is also an experienced author, so he knows what other people want. Another power, as shown here in this first period, is Billie Piper and his character of Rose Tyler. Finally a Doctor's colleague gets a reliable story with good behavior. It is also good to see the return of Autons - a good nod for Classic Classic there. TYPES TWO: "End of the World" - At the beginning of this bill twice to show TARDIS 'power, we end up in a story where special effects are everything! Now they have the technology to create a real, reliable and environmentally friendly environment - no more sports suits! Also tips at the end of this session about the new doctor's history - very exciting to kill all the Lord of time and make him unique. "Three Dead" - We 've had a future, now lets you past. The first part of the non-Davies written is a little flat somewhere, but this has been done by Charles Dickens of Simon Callow and a sudden walk in a conspiracy when revealed Gelf compassion is not angry after all ... <br /> <br /> EPISODE FOUR: "London Visitors" - The results of the doctor's actions are fully taken into account in this series, not less and the result of Rose running with him. Also, we have our first cliffhanger; not better for those who do not accept. Slitheen is an interesting villain, although they can also look at CGI for their benefit. FIVE: "World War" - The second part of this story about Slitheen is experiencing the same problems. Also, items from the next section that reach the end of the current section are offensive and destructive. <br /> <br /> EPISODE SIX: "Dalek" - Yes! We have had a future, past, and present (ish), but now we get the best things - the return of the doctor's arch-nemesis. Here I think we can help Christopher Ecclestone - he was brilliant as a Doctor, and no longer so in this period, where we see the pain on his face as he remembers during the war with the nature of the stranger as he almost returns in Dalek himself. <br /> <br /> EPISODE SEVEN: "A long game" - in fact it's just a story to do the action of finale. He was saved by Simon Pegg as the Smarmy Editor and Tamsin Grieg in ammunition cameo. The media controls us - which has never been done before, has ... <br /> <br /> EPISODE NIGHT: "Father's Day" - this is a great part. Full of human feelings and heartaches to Rose, and the true results of what happens when you make history. Complete summary for Billie Piper here. "Baby Child" - I don't see this child very scared. Sorry, but not. It's a good place though, but the cliffhanger would still be better - it's those bits "Next Time" that spoil them. John Barrowman is brought here as Captain Jack, conman dashing - he's a good actor who has been around for some time but it just appears now. EXTENTE TEN: "Doctor Dances" - Part Two of this WW2 Story - very well done in historical terms. The best end of finishing, although it is a little confused to a small audience when the "mummy" is revealed? <br /> <br /> EPISODE ELEVEN: "City of Boom" - is probably the most weak of the series, but that doesn't mean bad. Good return to Slitheen and also the study of interesting behavior of Doctor and Rose. "Bad Wolf" - this starts off completely, and laughs at the heart and fun fun on the popular TV shows on it in Brighty. Things are turning to death very quickly, though, and the revelation at the end is the best cliffhanger in the series! THRITEEN: "Divide Path" - Good Christopher Ecclestone. Wonderful doctor in so many ways, David Tennant needs to make his socks well so that he can be as good as he is. Part of the regeneration at the end is played well. Oh, and Daleks are back - in extreme! God bless CGI, because they will never be able to pull this size! <br /> <br /> Total - brilliant! 9/10
