As an important part of the British pop culture as Monty Python and James Bond, a doctor who was a major strike for 26 years (1963-1989), making it one of the world's largest television shows (most luck is lucky to have ten seasons ). The reorganization plans were always on the BBC's agenda, and after the non-translated (non-American) TV produced by Fox has failed to capture the magic of the original version, nine other years (Comic Relief spoof and mini-animated series even so) it was required before the end of the Lord's time to return well, in honor of the author who spoke to Russell T. Davies. Davies's ability to restore such behavior is his decision to do it through the visitor's eyes: Rose Tyler (Billie Piper), a London-based girl who leads a very normal life until one night she is attacked and organisms made by organic plastic. He is saved by an uninvited visitor who identifies himself as a Doctor (Christopher Eccleston) and then loses after stimulating: "Good to meet you, Rose. Run for your life!" Since it gets more confident about this "man", he soon finds himself in a new new world: aliens, invasion, travel time and space, and of course, TARDIS of all kinds of copper Police. The 45-year-old doctor of the new doctor who is very close (special effects could use more polishing) because Davies closes two things: a unique show of show and two characters. The most interesting series was a mix of sci-fi and the incredible comedy of the UK, a hybrid that is difficult, if impossible, by exports. Here laughs all who are linked to the conversation between Rose and Doctor, who comes as full characters to the circle after only one part. Okay, so Eccleston's doctor is a ninth-numeral specialist, but withdraws from the birth of eight by speaking to the north (who uses every day) and confirming with a sharp line: "The planet has North!". The real victory of this part, though, is the performance of Piper: in theory, Rose is in his youth age, so almost the same age as thousands of small viewers who have never heard of a doctor before. His description of a typical girl who lost in the new, exciting world, represents a new generation's response to a TV icon, and a chemistry that creates a time between Eccleston and a sign indicating a new doctor who is just the same as the former. First, five, nine, is not different: there may be others before Eccleston (and Piper, for that matter) but with him, William Hartnell, Peter Davison and the rest of the group is one character, one so cold he even need a name: he is a Doctor.
