Back in 2004 I saw "True", the contribution of Tom Tykwer to Paris Is T'aime. When I saw him I liked it and was happy. It was my short film and made me appreciate the very structure. Of course I wanted to watch the entire film, and I would like to check who is connected, etc.. Yesterday I finally arrived, in honor of the web. <br /> <br /> First of all I must say that it looks AWESOME. Photography is amazing in every short and shot, to be worse to be something special - but it's still brilliant and clear. Later I read the trivia here, and maybe it's how scanning at 6K gives more rights to all DP functions. My special suggestions are "Quais de Seine" first area (that sun!), Sin City-esquire (but better to me) "Quartier de la Madeleine", and "Arrondisement of 14" - but you know, what hell I like them all: "True" or "Faubourg Saint-Denis" still make me scared with those brilliant colors (my eyes, trembling!) and "Quartier Latin" is gold closed for money. Good. Yes, these are some short short films. <br /> <br /> Now let's enter the content. I very much (and I mean too much MUCH) as eclecticism which is very successful felt. You have never had the same theme or treatment between the two caps, and I think the formula is a barrier to giving all these artists to explore the beautiful and exotic things. I loved coming from a simple story of love within the Chinese-music-of-Paris-and-Barbet-Schroeder-definition definition of society in the comedy of fear in the humble monologue. I would surprise you! And this film has them! It was good they had the opportunity to allow the body of the director all out of things that are not common in the usual cinema (which I have despised very much). It's not a great experiment, but I can breathe the chance to breathe these people. I love the moment and I love acting. I love humility and I love love. I love a simple feeling and beauty and eclecticism and is generally a film that is very good to see, alone or with someone. Just feel. I don't feel very good. <br /> <br /> There is something about the courage in it ... it's very clear ... What did I dislike? In fact, I have two shorts that are not much better - "Quais de Seine" (which is good nature, indeed, and maybe even useful, but it feels very much like a business?) And "Père-Lachaise" that even if I like acting, I felt that is a compulsory theme. But that's true, it's just me. "Eiffel Tour" I also did not love but I think it's probably because of my understanding different from that of Sylvain Chomet? I don't know if this film has a special interest for people who already know actors and directors, and so they can enjoy their cooperation, in amazement (see Alexander Payne for a wonderful role) and basically in "What does this director do?" I enjoyed it so much. I do now: Most of the shorts I liked and all of them together form a good and powerful mix. I certainly recommend it. Indeed !!! So, see if you like the Good Eclectic Love!
