With the sun shining brightly on a quiet Sunday that is about to wake up fully, love can be seen in a strong wind that cuts off my feet and can be seen by waiting for people I am going with. It's a perfect day to stop for croissants and café-o-lait before going to the city of lighting and love. Of course, the flight to Paris is not the reason for this film's humble film so I had to choose for something better, Paris, JE T'AIME, a collection of 18 short films and various international directors. Each piece is known after the Paris area separately and is reflecting on love. Beware not to magnify the most powerful and influential sensitivity of all human emotions, Paris, JE T'AIME reflects love in many aspects of its game. The result is romantic and amazing. And, of course, it is the best way to describe the beautiful nature of love and how time can change your life than with the accumulation of time. <br /> <br /> The quote of the top poetic has been taken from Faubourg of Tom Tykwer of Saint Denis. True to the form, Tykwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN) uses time photography and repeat to show the entire cycle of love, from the beginning to the cancellation. He was shot in 2004 by the merging of this anthology, the faubourg stars Natalie Portman as Francine, an American actor in Paris for the film, and Melchior Beslon as Thomas, a blind man who loves. Here, the blind lead the blind through the unstable area, where two people point to the point where their lives almost lose their own existence. If love seems to be identical and attractive, Tykwer reminds us of tricks that can play in our minds and illusions can create when we get lost to the course. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the most romantic offering offering comes from the Sylvain Chomet of Eiffel's Trip. Choosing the most popular attraction of the city by name, Chomet (LES TRIPLETTES DE BELLEVILLE) gives us a little boy who tells the story of how his parents met them and fell in love. His father, the mime (Paul Putner), finds himself in a single surreal situation after another and finally puts himself in prison. This is where you meet a woman who will love her life (Yolande Moreau). Miming has become an object of death, if it has never died. However, by nature, it is a dream and is not available. Putting a fingerprint with the ignorance of human behavior and what is but love can make people do more wonderful things? We can look for someone special in the most likely environment if we can just take a little bit of it. Overall, Paris, JE T'AIME continues the entire flow of not always looking for love among lovers. Three unexpected shorts focus on the love between the parent and the child. Walter Salles (MOTORCYCLE DIARIES) has Catalina Sandino Moreno singing his love for his love before he forgot to sing the song for a child looking for his life. Nobuhiro Suwa (UN COUPLE PARFAIT) with Juliette Binoche trying to overcome the deficit he feels after losing his son. Binoche says very little yet, he was not surprised to give them so many talents, his struggle is seen in his face as he learns that sometimes love means going. And Alfonso Cuaron (male children) weighs one father (Nick Nolte) and his adult daughter (Sara Martins) going together why it must be the first time for a long time. We only see them from the road and we are only near if the distance between the two characters decreases to the place of comfort and acceptance. <br /> <br /> Last short of the screen is Alexander Payne's 14ieme Arrondissement. As always, Payne (SIDEWAYS) takes a natural person and shows us what makes them strange. Carol (Margo Martindale) is another American in Paris. He is alone and for a little while than he would like a dog waiting for his home. He is an open man with an unprecedented life who finds himself in a rich and lush city. In the French beauty of France, he deals with gender centers and how there he feels. This woman spends a lot of time trying to be happy despite the bad living conditions and in a city made for lovers, she knows she is very happy and loves herself more than she knew. He loves with love, if only for a moment, and life and love itself. Those who appear but in a short time in Paris, JE T'AIME find themselves in the world center of the world. When a partnership, whether to help someone after a hard fall or to reach your hand to someone without touching them or without their knowledge, is the time you love his love and grow. Outside the city of lovers, it may be easy to lose time like this but we should remind ourselves of their importance. It takes but the time of love to shine through the clouds of clouds. You just need to keep your heart open to see it. And if one city is so big and love, one can believe that he can find his way one day to your door.
