Paris, JE T'AIME is the honor of the movie to the city of light and the city of love, a very complicated film that is about to summarize and explore. Ask a large group of people their views of life in Paris and the result will be something similar to this film. Connecting to each sector or Arrondissement of the city, the film examines love for all kinds, natural persons in their way of parish, and tourists are communicating with the capital. Twenty-year-old writers and directors, each with five minutes of screens, include Olivier Assayas, Brothers Coen, Sylvain Chomet, Isabel Coixet, Wes Craven, Alfonso Cuarón, Gérard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natali, Alexander Payne, Walter Salles, Nobuhiro Suwa, and Gus Van Sant among the best known ones. Stories vary from hilarious, exciting, touching, sadly, banning, loving tender. In one story a young Frenchman (Gaspard Ulliel) is attracted to a young student (Elias McConnell), pouring his heart to French for a young English-speaking boy. In another husband and wife who are separated (Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara) meet in the Latin quarter to complete divorce cases when other Père-Lachaise couple (Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell) enter into unmarried marriages until the Oscar Wilde spirit will intervene. Steve Buscemi in Tuileries incorporates superstition on the lowest road and his tourist fund, in Bastille Sergio Castellitto (with love and grandmother Leonor Watling) is ready to dispute his wife Miranda Richardson until he tells them that he has the last leukemia, Juliette Binouche faces pain on the Fantasies of the child and lost in Place des Victoires with the help of historic cowboy Willem Defoe, Sara Martins and Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier show the good story of evil ideas in Parc Monceau, Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins 'play' a wonderful relationship in Pigalle, Melchior Beslon offers himself to actress Natalie Portman in learning how to see in Faubourg Saint-Denis, the love of vampire between Elijah Wood and Olga Kurylenko in Quartier de la Madeleine, Maggie Gyllenhaal is an old actor who was an addictive drug on Quartier des Enfants Rouges, and Margo Martindale is a servant of tourist visits struggling to speak French that he has learned for his life journey in the most prestigious 14th Arrondissement. The last few minutes of films are trying to connect as many stories as possible, but this works at a higher level. The film is long and there are no bridges between many stories, which can stimulate the audience due to lack of time to consider all the steps. But at last there is a great respect for the capital and it provides a viewer with multiple vignettes to visit again as a temporary book in Paris. It's a film worth seeing many times! Grady Harp
