I took my 19-year-old daughter and I saw this fascinating exercise in film making. I often enjoy getting comments and comments from a different generation on movies, especially if I am a cynic myself. It is better to get an unexpected feedback from someone who has not been reached "he has been there, has done" the way every movie he sees. I am pleased to say that we both were very happy and we saw it as a mother / daughter in the evening. Besides, much better than going to see the brain's "chick flick", which I collect is what we should enjoy, according to the population? Fourteen directors were required to produce a short piece of information about every part of the Paris region, a city that I have never visited for 20 years. But I would have been. They are connected freely by joining shots, representing different ways of love in a city that is seen in popular culture as the world capital of the world. Some films work better than others but, if other critics have said, it is not too far away from the kitsch. Some are surprising, some sad, some exciting and some of the puzzling puzzles (I'm still trying to identify the real inside of the "Flying Tiger, hidden secret" hair salon.) Some are just happy and maybe shouldn't have given much meaning (vampire and tourist for example.) I may only criticize the entire film, is that it makes Paris look very good. It can also be cold, rainy, foggy, uncomfortable and sad, or, in summer, hot and with many tourists who feel like sardine in you can stand for hours to see every attraction. But I'm picking. I loved my favorite coen film at the Metro station of Tuileries, and the star threw Steve Buscemi as a confused tourist who finds himself falling in a tiff lovers. Fully complete, and very, very surprising, without Buscemi to say a word. I also enjoyed a piece of two mime artists, which is probably the closest film was fighting - which was actually closed to the edge of the kitsch, but it just stayed on the right side. Rufus Sewell and Emily Mortimer get to know from the encounter of Oscar Wilde's grave to help me very much, and Juliette Binoche trying to cope with the death of her little child made me very worried. I thought of a piece of Bob Hoskins / Fanny Ardent, and Ben Gazzara / Gena Rowlands fell a little flat, but Maggie Gyllenhaal was good (has done the market on the junkies?) I watched Sherry Baby last week.) /> <br /> But I felt two pieces "social justice" (for the best way to put it), works very well. So, I mean the first film about a young mother leaving her child in the day-to-day care and looking at someone else's child in the city. And then the film about African immigrants, they are struggling to be in an insensitive community, who is beaten to death on the road before a young, new boy. However, other killings in the world that see thousands of immigrants die in the struggle to achieve what they see as a better life, every year. I thought all the pieces were well seen. The last film, 14 Arrondissement, which Margo Martindale makes a postal worker from Colorado describing his first trip to Paris? in a very serious French situation? for the French night school, he encouraged me. Lastly, for good, you are happy if not completely, the movie. It is a thought that, but it works very well.
