... for Paris is a migration feast. "Ernest Hemingway It is impossible to count the many talents that have clarified Paris in painting, novels, songs, poems, short but unpredictable quotes, and yes - movies, film director Max Ophüls said about Paris, <br /> <br / > "It gave a rainbow lighting under the road lights, breakfast in Montmartre and grandmothers in your glasses, coffee and brioche's stupid, gigolos and prostitutes at night. Everyone in the world has two fathers' islands: himself and Paris. "Paris is always associated with love and love, and" Paris, the T'Aime "which has the title" Petite romances, "is a short film collection, often drawings from 18 talented directors from all over the world. we learn with one of the city's Light of 20 Light and with all Muslims of all ages, girls, colors, and backgrounds that all use love in many of its variations and actions. In some "small romance" we are witnesses of an unexpected encounter of visitors who cause quick interest, close to maybe the relationship: like for Podalydès and Florence Muller street of Montmartre in the opening film or for Cyril Descours and Leïla Bekhti as a white boy and a Muslim girl who has a cultural cultural cultural led by Gurinder Chadha begins on Quais de Seine.I can insert into this community an exciting movie with Gus Van Sant. an unexpected closeness, asking for permission to make a phone call - without realizing that the object of his interest does not know French. <br /> <br /> Some vignettes are poignant and even dark. In Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas' Loin du 16ème, Catalina Sandino Mareno (Oscar amazing first for Mary full of Grace) is one, mother-class working who works as a nanny in a rich area to pay for a day service where she drip her baby every morning before going to work. One of the most memorable and true films of the heart is "Place des Fêtes" and Oliver Schmitz. Aïssa Maïga and Seydou Boro star-star as two young men for lovers who would like. There were his promises but they were reduced because of hatred and clashes that exist everywhere, and the City of Love and Light is not discriminatory. Another I had "Bastille", written and directed by Isabel Coixet, with Sergio Castellitto, Miranda Richardson, and Leonor Watling. Castellitto has failed with the love of his wife, Richardson but when he is ready to leave with a beautiful bride, bad news from his wife's doctor comes ... <br /> <br /> I can go to reflect on all 18 small gems. I love some of them very much. Others felt weak and perhaps forgot soon but in general, I am very happy to have bought a DVD and I know that I will return to my favorite films. They are "Place des Fêtes" that I have already described, "Père-Lachaise" directed by Wes Craven which involves the spirit of one of the wise and wise men ever, Oscar Wilde (Alexander Payne, director of "Sideways") who would save the relationship worries. Payne also described the "Arrondissement of 14" where the former trader of Denver, CO, surrounds the city with his language in French with great emphasis. Payne's entry is one of the most moving and combined with the "Tuileries" of hilarious and Joel and Ethan Coen and (who else?) Steve Buschemi is my favorite. In two shoes, American tourists sit on benches (Margo in the garden, and Steve in Paris Metro after visiting Louvers) looking at their lives around different results. When Margo can say, "My pain is sad and light, my sadness is sharp ..." Steve's behavior will realize that sometimes, even the most comprehensive and important tourist guide could not help tourists avoid doing bad things in the country of exotic.
