You just saw this tonight on a seminar on digital estimates (beaten by 35mm, and the first film feature perfectly compared to 6k mastered in 4k, and projected 2k projector in ETC / USC theater in Hwd). for tech stuff. 18 Directors (including Alexander Payne, Wes Cravens, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Salles and Gerard Depardieu, among several French and international directors) were given every 5 minutes to make a love story. They come in all shapes and forms, with known actors (Elijah Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscemi .. for hilarious ..., Maggie Glyllenhall, Nick Nolte, Geena Rowlands ..so good .. and she really wrote a piece was Msr Depardieu and many international actors also have stories from all the friendships to the amazing comedy of Alex Payne's woman's discovery with Van Sant and one of the things that happens anywhere. There is nothing really far put to have French spoken in many (including English headlines) and a small amount of real English spoken, although it may leave them a gallery (a la Diva.) Also one piece that can be considered a "try" but beautiful and funny too, other simple lessons sometimes tough relationships. All easy to follow (except the "experiments" one irritates your desire for the formulaic stories. several bring a sense for me ... I accept mim i are affected by love in movies. I cut off a piece of mime, if no one else thanked me (thank you for that!) The film hit its peak, for me, somewhere near halfway, then the second-second track took over again. Some of the beautiful shots of Paris at night, a kind of romantic music, occasionally used with good effect, not just schmaltz for "feeling" in sound, generally good movies, although some shots seemed to be soft when it could not have meaning (the main character in the shooting / location). The pacing of each film was good, and the overall structure, though for a long time (they left two of the 20 films, but all said that on the DVD) they seemed to vary between tons of films to keep the balance. I don't know when you come out, but learn more about how to work on a 5-minute film. And sometimes, it doesn't work (if it is time-consuming, emotionally, for a short film.) It should be in one region when released, but didn't know when.
