It's not easy to make a film with 18 different stories in it. Although 18 different directors took the challenge, not everyone is good, some of them even bothering. But in his institution, "Paris, do t'aime" is to breathe, showing that, if "Love True" put, "love is round," especially in the city of love. Here is a reference (I'll try to do as much as without a spoiler without possible payment) of 18 different stories. <br /> <br /> MONTMARTRE - a kind of unlocking anonymous sequence, nothing special about it. The man finds a parking spot, and sees many odd couples walking and, wondering why he can't find a girl. And rather, suddenly, a woman loses near her car ... QUAIS DE SEINE - another good sequence, about three young boys who are looking for a 'certain ass', when suddenly a Muslim girl goes ahead of them, getting help from one of the boys . Actually the foundation, but with a good heart to them. <br /> <br /> LES MARAIS - this was a great disappointment! Although the story of love between two boys with a background of art can be interesting to Van Sant great. Finally, everything that comes after the monologue of Ulliel is good, everything before being just angry. <br /> TUILERIES - a series of entertainment with relatives of Coen. Buscemi - without even saying one word - is mesmerizing and the whole sequence is hilarious only. This has set me restricted to the end, and this also gets you really considering the movie. <br /> <br /> LOIN DU 16IEME - A good story too, even if the implementation is poor, the heart is there. It is the story of a Spanish woman who has given her baby, early in the morning, to take care of another urban child. Good. PORTE DE CHOISY - this part should be more amazing and more powerful from the entire film. Some kind of shampoo trader comes to the Chinatown-lookalike area in Paris. If I understand correctly, the story is about the inner beauty, but I think I am wrong. <br /> <br /> BASTILLE - The most wonderful sequence. The man meets his wife at the restaurant, so he can break him, so that he can run with his grandmother. But the wife has good news. Pretty foundation, but really sad and beautiful! PLACE DES VICTOIRES - a sad sequence too. Juliette Binoche has a grieving mother. One night, she wakes up to hear her dead child. When she gets to the place, the cowboy tells her she can give her last child. One of the best categories! EIFFEL OF TOUR - The two mimes falling in love would be good, but, even though it has a good cinema display, the story is not good and is not quite good. <br /> <br /> PARC MONCEAU - really original and magnificent sequence, one of the best films! The little girl and the old man are talking about their future and fear it to someone ... Cuaron does a great job of leading, and executives are amazing! QUARTIER DES ENFANTS ROUGES - American actor (Gyllenhaal) likes to her drug dealer. a good place again, and to lose the deepest PLACE DES FETES - a woman comes to a homeless person, begins to talk in a romantic way… because she is a love of her life. Good, sad, amazing, romantic, ... Place des fêtes will make everyone right. <br /> <br /> PIGALLE - A series of boring between Ardant and Hoskins, who are looking for new fun in their relationship ... very unwanted and unromantic, Pigalle is allowed. MADEE - Bringing a difference in the movie, QdlM is a pardon. Little boy (Wood) finds a vampire killing the victim ... Expert and vampire ... fall in love! Dark, scary and romantic, Madeleine is good. PERE-LACHAISE - another part of the allowed. Guided by Wes Craven and stars like Mortimer and Sewell, it would be good, but Père-Lachaise is just normal, not original. It is a true, Twyker's short film is beautiful, stable and well done. The blind man takes the phone, and hears it from his girlfriend (Portman - really amazing) that she breaks him. He meditates on their relationship. Latin - although this section is inspired by Depardieu and has stars like Rowlands, Gazzara and Depardieu, this section is also allowed. Nothing happens, the lack of chemistry among executives. 14TH ARRONDISSEMENT - The last sequence is a trail and sadness at the same time. An American says in his French class about his trip to Paris. His French is awesome, but at the end of that section, he knows that Paris is much more than facing the eye. With the Feist back, "Paris, do you t'aime" end with sweet sweet, not letting me completely, even though some of the groups have broken the spirit out of me, the movie is good! Realistic experience of movies for young and old. Paris, I absolutely love!
