I was fortunate to attend a study at Stockholm for this highly, exciting, and exciting film. For romance as the largest weapon in its weapons, Paris I t'aime plunges with confidence in Paris, navigate different types in eighteen "quartiers" but without sending Parisiennes to saccharine formula. Its Goldmine is undoubtedly due to the confusion of parts of directors? confused about having only 5-10 minutes of screens? so you are only given the best and sure direction from each party. If you don't have to go through all 18 groups, I have come to the conclusion that it will only be excessive and long. Instead, make sure that every director enjoys film and fashion and their skills, and you will surely find it you like. Although Gus Van Sant cannot resist the attempt to have a first view, his LES MARAIS is one of the best donations, even going to Kurt Cobain's well-documented memory. Coen's brother comes back to one of the most accessible groups in Paris, a place that looks like Steve Buscemi who has been suffering but emotionally emotionally, humorous humor and a smart camera that certainly laughed more laughter in the theater, and perhaps so. <br /> <br /> In this way, all the story lines are very unique? filtered through the ideas of various directors? but one that loses more from the rest is QUARTIER DE LA MADELEINE of Vincenzo Natali, a dark-Gothic love seen by Elijah Wood as a lost tourist behind Paris at night who meets Vampiress. For the black and white structure but different color of the red color of blood which appears to be found on the screen, it becomes near the city of Sin? enjoyable and reflective reference in inappropriate primary content. My favorite place is FAUBOURG SAINT-DENIS and Tom Tykwer but I think I was thinking so, given that I went to a reminder with him as my partner and nudged my friend's side saying "finally , he is my famous director here. However, it cannot be denied that Tykwer offers a good place where a blind boy takes a phone call, and hears from his girlfriend (at once he was not bitter) that he breaks her, and shows up their relationship. Like Tywker's style, the story is very fast, kinetic and repetitive, playing and running (Lola Rennt) forming the adrenaline-pushing part of Paris I t'aime and perhaps even more touching when Tywker begins to pursue the most powerful tool? music. <br /> <br /> To fill a negative account, it is obviously not all managing directors like Tywker, Van Sant, Cohens, Coixet and Dépardieu. Sylvain Chomet blows down the pile by drawing enough part of which the little boy tells the story of how his parents met. They are two mimes alone. This section is located in your French-French French and largely quirky which scares to the international audience. Suwa also leads a poor and fluffy part with Juliette Binoche who has not been a very good-looking who loses his baby. Nothing else happens. Finally, linking and interfering with 18 stories at the end feels very fast and half-hearted. Paris, however, I am happy to destroy the truth for quality, for all the other stories are well planned and interesting and exciting text. It is certainly one of the highlights of 2006 (not to say a lot, I think) and a very personal film because it can't avoid taking favorite and favorite more. It is highly recommended to create viewers of "respect" (heh). About 8 out of 10
