Robert Altman is a good American director. I must admit that I have enjoyed the films that are often mocking: "Quintet", just like giving me the pleasure of seeing old Brigitte Fossey and a good, who didn't remember as a little girl in "Unbeatable Games"; "HealtH", for having Lauren Bacall, Carol Burnett, Alfre Woodard and Glenda Jackson, all made; "Papa", for this splendid and surreal world, Olive Oyl Shelley Duvall and the beautiful places of Malta; "O.C. & Stiggs", for its proposal to fight "youth". "Beyond Therapy", for all its warmth and for the presence of Genèvieve Page, for all its efforts to look at the chic of Parisian is taken for travestite ... and "Laundromat". While there are no many plans to develop in his films, you have a good show, from Burnett, John Travolta, Kim Basinger or Jane Curtin. I see and enjoy different techniques and the information she makes for many American cultures. It is a pity that his knowledge is not always accepted, and that he always forgives when the time comes for giving American awards and awards. He is not your typical example of the transport of fantasies. She is more than a maverick. It is therefore not surprising to me to get a lot of negative comments published here about "Gingerbread Man", his many 'ordinary' efforts to date and to my knowledge. I did not know that there were many people who thought like Leonard Maltin, who doesn't like the Altman. In this case, one can love "Man of Gingerbread", but because of me has more connections to Grisham than the director-author. Some of the Altman trademarks are here: unconfirmed dialogue, good exhibition, office of prominent lawyers and the usual welcome to the rebel and secretary. When other people find it, I have seen the first act of interest, and also thanks to the great movie Changwei Gu, a man who hit "Red Sorghum", "Ju Dou" and "My Farewell My Concubine". He has a way to show us the same things we see on other American movies, but under a different light. Through his "visitor's eyes", almost everything looks new and different. In this first act, things were good and true! Wait until you get older. You can get trouble if you fall under the magic of a small and beautiful person like Embeth Davidtz. I know what I have done that is interesting to a little person than me! Then you have a mockery of Robert Duvall, bad and strange behavior, while Geraldo's storm threatens Savannah. The second act gets small and even amazing, because Altman can make it to grin. I remember laughing loudly in several instances and his wonderful words. I think he was using a little bit of Brecht, citing us, preparing us for a third act, which is a Hollywood Pastiche's open. Altman does this with skill. To be a wise man, and a wise director, fortunately he did not fall into the traps of today's movies. He was leading the story of greed, lust and death. I didn't have a little disappointment with the movie. If I give nine instead of 10, it's because of Grisham. American reader has turned to the most famous writer. Why do you complain? Perhaps we should thank Altman for showing us the seams in his stories, weaknesses, loneliness and the evil of all. However, he does so with very gusto and humor, that I can but not agree with negative comments. For me, these people saw another film ... And vice versa.
