"Gingerbread Man is the first thriller I've ever done!" ?? Robert Altman In 1955 Charles Laughton described the "Night of the Hunter", a piece of spooky of Southern Gothic in which Robert Mitchum strikes a surprise surprise. One of the most popular films has two children running from Mitchum in the sea, children shouting at Mitchum wades after them as a monster. Seven years later Mitchum played a gray killer similar to the "Cape Fear", another film set in South America. The film showed a local lawyer trying to protect his family and also ended with Mitchum frightening people on the boat. In 1991 Martin Scorsese, trying to manufacture out and deal with something greater, destroying "Cape Fear", the boat area and all. Now we have Robert Altman's "Gingerbread Man", another piece of the little Gothic city of the South. Altman says he advised the "Night Hunter" to inspire and tackle the popular film because he wanted to "spread his wings and try a popcorn picture", but what he is trying to do here is to strengthen the legal film of the Gothic South. So instead of looking at a small boat, we get a big shipping match. Instead of two children who have been kidnapped, we have two children returned safely to the police. Instead of money to be hidden, we have the money easily released by love and the last document. Instead of a good 1961 film lawyer and a hurtful lawyer in 1991, we find a third-party lawyer in Kenneth Branagh. Instead of monster escape family we get the hero chase the bad people. Instead of a monster break into a boat boat house, we have a hero hunting monster board board "a monster" monster. Similarly, instead of a killer killed the death we find the innocent weirdo played by Robert Duvall. .Ctc etc. etc. br>> <br /> Altman keeps going, fixing everything a little bit, connecting it and doing his own thing. His touch is seen in the first half of the film, a movie in an unusual position between commonly used stories. and the conspiracy and representation of Altman for interacting with dialogue, common description, the ongoing camera movements and how the characters are not so much introduced as they are only part of what is going on. Altman, the film does not give up the independence. Altman is also tied to the collection of "exciting structure" to do great damage, its style is lethargic also produce tension and film not only radical counterpoint other The canonical film in the genre. "Gingerbread Man" is also so difficult to work as a film of the clean Altman and also Altman to work as an ordinary thriller. <br /> <br /> The film is not a perfect waste, though. Robert Downey Junior, Kenneth Branagh and Normal Daryl Hana, all turn out the juice display. The film also has a good environment, which protects the hurricane approaching, and the last action has an interesting and turns effort. While it is not a complete disaster that Scorsese's "Cape Fear" was, it is still not suitable for anything special. <br /> <br /> 7/10 ?? At the end of the 90s Altman made 3 films made in South America: "Kansas City", "Gingerbread Man" and "Fortune Cookie". Unlike the "Man of Gingerbread", both "Kansas City" and "Fortune Cookie" deal with the genre on expanding further, the more looser that Altman was more comfortable with. "Kansas City" is the most important in these two films, its class leaders, politics and crime, and its desire to break up with the most common gangster systems, would have a great influence on all of the 21-year-old journalists of the film (see, for example, "Wire"). That said, "Fortune Cookie", when it's a story of brightness, maybe it's the best picture. Note: Altman says that this is his first happiness, but inspired "Photo", a gallery of art, 1972. <br /> It is worth looking at one.
