TIGERLAND / (2000) *** 1/2 (out of four) <br /> <br /> With Blake French: <br /> <br /> For years viewers have seen and understood films of war and each stage possible look, and producers and writers in some way come up with new and innovative approaches to show different soldiers on the battlefield. Joel Schumacher ("8MM," "Time to Kill"), easily one of the most dangerous directors who work now, has seen a similarity to "The Red Line Line" through his new game "Tigerland" in the shoes of one soldier. This movie, written by Ross Klavan and Michael McGuther, has more guts and irony than "The Red Line Line" or even "Save Private Ryan." Although the major impact of the film has been reduced because of the destruction of objects now, it surely enables us to see a new perspective of youth training in war. <br /> <br /> I would like to know the experience of Joel Schumacher and the army. Are these men really speaking and being cruel? I am sure some of them are, but the movie sees its uncertain world through the eyes of a young man named Roland Bozz (Colin Farrell), who rebels against war thought. His personality contradicts several other characters, who become his best friend, Paxton (Matthew Davis), and another, Wilson (Russell Richardson), whose anger reduces Bozz's tension to the idea of ​​going to war. The war shown in this production is not available on the battlefield, but on the basis of the Louisiana training training camp between thought and fear of soldiers in training. This film is mainly about the preparation of war, nothing more. Approaching when the soldiers finally go to war, the kind of disappointment since witnessing the characters in action would be like a cash payment. To beat the area for 28 days using 16mm resources and a small budget, Joel Schumacher accurately demonstrates the situation of fraud, malice, and cruelty using hand movies, unique lighting techniques and direct sound. Grainy's Schumacher and the hit pictures make the movie feel like a text element. This unfamiliar style of filming only contributes to the basic film efficiency, which is most suitable for its use of ethnic language, perhaps a little more disturbing. The four-letter crocodile gives the audience, some are shocked by what they hear. Even a large amount of fraud does not make a winning conversation like the heart, the truth, and the emotion. If anything, "Tigerland" gives us little knowledge of how much our troops are going through for us in the early stages of the fight. Such courage should take into account the military during the war, knowing the problems and risks being taken. These thought-provoking ideas are possible through the heartwarming performances and practitioners who want to participate who show different participants. This film is not for all audiences, but one that young people should check before engaging themselves in the army ... and adult viewers should look to appreciate the courage needed to do so. <br /> <br />
