Ted's and Ted's Bodacious journey is a journey of death, religion, time, Heaven and Hell, humanitarian efforts of fame and fear of the body that fails with a powerful machine. It is the most intelligent work of the world since Paradise lost and many references to ancient works of art-Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, Shakespeare. This time dudes is a popular rock band after traveling when collecting icons from old-Napolean, Joan Of Ark (Noah's wife), Oscar Wilde, and Charles Darwin. They took the skills they learned from each of these people, and they captured several kings, and eventually learned to play their names and write songs to hit. These songs teach the world to love again and war, hunger, evil will be destroyed forever. We are going forward for a distant future where the dictator who despises the beautiful music called Simon Cow-Al wants to dominate the world. He eats Rooshus (the cool guy from the first film who helps Bill Playboy Esquire and Ted Theodore Alvin) and gets the ability to send two cyborgs back in time. Cyborgs are the tissue that lives on the iron ore metal mixture in a series of diamonds that enable them to live with temporary transportation problems, and can imitate anything they measure for physical contact. It is their job to kill Biff and Fred and to take their lives by making music that no one would like. By doing this they will change the world forever - the music of Gryll and Jed will never be made to stop the world of war, hunger, and hatred, and more exciting, bland boy / girl pop pop pop. There are amazing surprises as good boys are killed and they should make a way to save the world, themselves, and their wives from the evil Dopplebangers living in their bodies. Penelope Spheerhead shows her the skills of all young cultures and real cultures by combining modern music and phrases with modern modern sets and artistic references, and it asks us to teach us anything by entering into Our psyche might show us ourselves. He offers goals that have been faced by a 80-year-old boy in a society that had abandoned them and displaced the jingoism of the structures, personal love, and the malaise of the time. To accuse us of the belief that we can truly change the world is a stirring message, but to achieve those dreams we have to cross and really deal with our dreams of dreams. To win is to succeed, Death's failure is the first step to real life and not just live. By Kenneth Reeves' 'Wow!' Best Season: For a game you enjoy - see how many songs, bands, and albums you can watch on the movie. There are at least 6.
