Ying, a Chinese girl who speaks Czech, invited us to a Czech movie (with English headlines) in the Department of Visual and Environmental Studies (VES). It was the first time I saw Samotáři (Loners, 2000) and it was very good <br /> <br /> Much like in many Czech films, seven middle actors seem to have a very good, dirty life; The web shows that this theme was popular among U.S. movies. early 1990s. Their relationship is breaking, mixing, and restarting. Another feature of the Czech cinema is that even the characters have not been very bad and none of them are quite good behavior. Also, you can see how the characters judge the characteristics of others according to the context; that is a very realistic feature of the psychological analysis of the film. Ondřej is a young and talented surgeon who has two daughters. However, you learn that he has only studied neurobiology to prove how he loved another woman, Hanka. He has been so concerned that he is often wearing gold to enter the home of Hanka's parents - a house that increases regularly. Meanwhile, Hanka has a very mixed relationship with his parents. Just decides - to cancel the coin - break with Petr who works at a private radio station. Hanka does not see the life of her parents as a good example but seems to have failed to create a better environment. But he is a very simple figure, as well as a variety of his lovers going. Over time, Hanka seems to have a big deal with Jakub, a drug breaker whose memory seems to have been damaged by drugs. However, friends from his band tell Jakub that he already has another partner. Hanka is depressed and returns to her parents. <br /> <br /> When Hanka and Petr are finished, they are organized by Robert, a sports player who also works for a travel agency where his job is to show the traditional life of Czech people to Japanese tourists. Robert - who also offers Jakub and marijuana - is not available on anything and usually lays with many different women; finally, her mother dies in the hospital and has her ways to deal with depression. Vesna (Slavic word for "Spring") who came to Prague from Macedonia works as a barmaid - and you can not learn whether came to Czechia to see his father or UFOs. He seems to be a good mix but sometimes helps other characters from their problems. Petr works at the radio station and is the only one who loves his job - a job that eventually loses. He announces to his listeners that he was broken by Hanka - it's how Ondřej learns about the news that makes him very happy. Finally, Ondřej Lenka's wife is always ready to forgive and strengthen their marriage - even after Ondřej asks the witch to make her disappear so that Ondřej tries to capture Hanka again. (The witch pays his debts because he is a brother of a car accident accident - Jakub and Hanka brings the victim to the hospital and Ondřej saves his life.) Lenka also works for a travel agency - as a director - and eventually he has to translate events to The hysterical for 20 or more Japanese tourists who beat their movies during the Hanka parents' dinner. Seven characters interact in interesting and exciting ways that would be natural if Prague was small and four-sized rules. Due to the size of the Czech capital, it seems unlikely that all these events will occur between seven people, but it is fun.
