This is the first American movie to effectively adopt the traditional style used by Europeans, especially the French and the Belgians, for at least a decade, and not the time? Following three secondary school girls in the Crown Heights of Brooklyn during the last days of summer breaks between the freshman and sophomore years, it makes what all the beautiful art should: it makes the whole world in particular. Although the concerns of girls are out of the ordinary - boys, sex, fame, money, freedom, and clothing - we see how all their lives have been created, the intermediate interface between character and fate. It is perfect, perfect. The film breathes, it stays at this time, it stays real time. The story tells itself. The medium and its remains, at once, is not a message. The film is not suitable, it shows us the truth of the childhood of its characters; it does not impose its meaning of adults or values. The emergence of their own, has never been pushed, and so it seems to be more real and powerful for their reduction. Although great pain has been taken to capture the real reality of the Crown Heights, the ghetto part of the largest black in New York City and one of the most dangerous places of violence in the United States, the subject is childhood in the ghetto, not the ghetto itself. <br /> <br /> Publications of the role of the demonstration sessions for the demonstration, Jackie Robinson Steppers, filming for a short time with a blast of color, movement, and sound. Otherwise, the camera is very close, very close, ill, ignorant, and unobtrusive observer. Language is rich, voluntary, acting transparent. Other parts of the events, like fun girls, each revealing his deepest ideas. Lanisha's confession of death for random abuse is more amazing, one of the deepest ghetto scars. His sharing with his mother chaos and fear before the ultimate challenge of adult life is the same moving, and beauty, unsentimentally amidst the <br /> <br /> social reality is respected, not propaganda. All three girls are being raised by one mother, only one, Lanisha, has a great father in her life (and, not by chance, the third she is more emotionally stable and sympathetic to others, and one with more respect). Two of them suffer from asthma, all diseases are spread in the inner city. Gunfire, acceptance every day of the event, just for a long time you interrupt their conversation. Only one of the girls, Happy, feels hope for, feels she has control over the future, while two others at different levels have already agreed to despair. <br /> <br /> This is by far the best major American film I have seen in years. Behold, behold, behold.
