'Our Words' gives us the life of three young people, Lanisha, Maria and Joycelyn - the best girlfriends hanging in late summer. Summer summer - even if we do not know the symbols and symbols of this area, Crown Heights, Brooklyn - is / was the same for all of us. Stabilization of the stability due to pressure and excitement of the school. Welcome to heat and sluggish. But if this adolescent experience is normal, the city within the 90s is a different place than most of us know - maybe as a foreign country like any other. Young people who created new silhouettes ... focus on the new area ... The maze towards adults. The intention of the boy comes in itself, speaking itself, saying this is who I am, who I want to try. It's / was always so. But this is how it happens in Brooklyn in the late 90s. Jim McKay is the author / director of this film project but welcomes all who have liked his proposals. The opening title that says 'Movies and' seems to list everyone in the world. It is a sign but the end of the film, we know it is true. [The closing names also contain some of the highest and accepted credits I have read.] Recording sound and Jan McLaughlin should be considered. McKay is a small leader who knows who says this story - it's three attributes Lanisha, Maria and Joycelyn. They are a real thing, their partnership has a fire of true friendship and a purpose of truth. This is not a music video that describes youth life. It has difficulty viewing for a long time without considering. Staying with them, we don't feel quite well with us we feel the opportunity to listen to them. These are real voices speaking openly about conflicts. and the weakness of everyday life. We are a witness to the modern inventory of young people - how their problems are interpreted, counted and concluded and resolved. Featured events indicate long thoughts. Focus on his dad's job of security - that's the only way he can spend time with him. We see the love between them and the failure of the family and the father. In a merged area, Lanisha defends her father to her mother, and we see how she needs to love both of them and to love her to return. Later, the three friends had visions and dreams of darkness - and we remember how the newborn / funny children are and in a sad way, how realism makes the times of skill. And finally, Maria just walking down the road is a short story itself. We see him gathering the courage to hold all his fears and doubts. He shows us the strength that a person needs to be able to accept weaknesses that make life easier. The greatest gift of our Words is that we feel deeply in the relationship of confidentiality - how, one day, alive and strengthening, that close friendship can, and turn back and forth. It's bad, but that's just the way, isn't it?
