I think back to the day I was going to hold my male hat to allow him to be there when I was 16 years old. Soon this film is accurate and accurate with what is going on in the minds and hearts of young girls when they come The teenage years. Now in my age I want to tell you about their decisions and how life at that time is not as important as it all appears then. That if they can be tolerant in their youth and wait to find the problems of external and internal life that life will be very much. But the youth today face some of the same challenges that I have never been dealing with. The three best actors played with all three actors (Kerry Wahington - Lanisha, Anna Simpson - Joycelyn and Melissa Martinez- Maria) gives us a reliable sign of the reality for young girls living in poor conditions. They have the lives of poor families at all times being raised by a single mother and Lanisha's prospective father but not to help her every day. They have poor education systems and have no direct contact with model models. These factors affect their strength and their reality but all of these have no serious concern for these young women in their day. They except their trouble and consider things similar to young girls around the world are worried. Find real love for a man, have good friends who you can rely on, get respect / love and responsibility from parents and enjoy life. This is how this movie crossed the race, age and gender of the race that was placed on it by its characters and the environment that is stamped. The director and author McKay explains on the DVD how each series entered its head, just looking at the same young people who lived in the neighborhoods. In addition to adding three players and newcomers who are not too far from that time in their own lives that they find true cooperation and act for the best. One thing I know about (African Americans and Hispanics) is that there is always a spiritual member or neighbor who is in front or near the ground to believe a better day and a better life and the future despite the current situation and is a roleing role that somehow . This has never been touched in the film so I do not preach and I understand that it also reduces the culture of hope in anything except themselves. HOPE Rate: Now I think about the future and where I came out and say if Lanisha made 'Today is a good day. 'Yes, poverty is still there, gender discrimination, sex, and anything else that we can add. These are some of the actions of young girls that develop a form and are self-destructive, everything that is around them is poor but none of these pre-existent or none of these circumstances leave them without hope for the future. I was left with the sad hopes of each of the characters and a great desire to be an example of life in a little girl carefully to make a destructive decision. I think that the value of the film should not only attract them but it causes every one of us to think, reflect and then act in a good way to make this world a better place. <br /> <br />
