"One day, we will walk on the sun's rays." Other days, when the world becomes more brutal - "Children's Skills" 5 "Ooh Child" <br /> <br /> Movies on Black young people share local city groups using drugs or violence in the voice of hip-hop. Movies about the daily problems of local domestic youth are difficult to find, but there is an unknown gem that I would like to recommend. Our words, by Jim McKay are about three girls in the Heights section of Brooklyn Heads who learn that their secondary school will be closed for the removal of asbestos and must decide on their future trends, which may involve going their different ways. The story is told from a 15-year-old perspective, not to an adult who remembers the past as in the coming up of old movies. To avoid slang the necessary street and use of F words, provides a picture of the loyalty and love of the three friends in their way of life. Girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joycelyn (Anna Simpson), and Maria (Melissa Martinez) your sophomore year in high school. They are involved members of Jackie Robinson Steppers, a band of real life demonstrations whose Labor Day performances provide discipline and purpose for their lives. <br /> <br /> Like George Washington Gordon Green's George Washington but less stylized, the film shows non-professional black and Latino actors and Kerry Washington as a standout. When the exhibitions have a very short time, I was very involved with the story that I forgot that the girls were doing. Maria, whose father is in prison, has learned that she is pregnant and Terrell, a local student. She wants to have a child despite the fact that she is only 15 and she knows that Terrell won't be very helpful. Joycelyn works in a clothing store but dream about becoming a singer. In a very interesting room in his bedroom, he pretends to be talking to his fans, then lying in bed reading one of his poems. She is close to Lanisha and Maria at the beginning but is volunteering to make friends outside the neighborhood. None of the girls are having great support at home and Maria is too scared to tell her mother about her baby. However, one moms are not usually the killing of film or alcohol. They are warm and loving parents whose time and children are limited because of the pressure to help the family. Lanisha's parents have left but she can visit her father, the door of a luxury apartment and talking about music. Her mother is comforting when Lanisha learns that a friend in the neighborhood has committed suicide, some spiritual spiritual action in a false film. If the summer winds are diminishing, the girls come off from each other and decide on a different course. There is no great time, however, just to realize the sadness of not being able to change. Although we are not blind about the problems that can wait for them, we are aware of their hopes and dreams without staying on the negative. Our words are a lively emotional film about growing in projects that refuse to see life in any way except the possibilities.
