When you start watching this animation, you see quickly, that it is European production. Although Europeans ((sadly) have connected some of the clichés that you usually find in the American production of this kind, many do not. it is that one of the group is only in business for money, it is greedy, runs when the temperature is up but somehow gives its best condition. This movie would be better without all. The TV series was out of four years before the movie. Unlike the film, the TV series is a cartoon and not a computer animation. Although the characters are obviously false (they are not even real), they seem to be alive and feel like the audience follows their efforts. considered to be degraded (those small feet cannot bear that great body leaving alone to fly) so alive and interested in more than "event"! The creation of the universe is another masterpiece. Not so much because of his looks but because of his availability. The world our heroes are not as strong as our own but are made by many pieces of land differently with the shape and appearance that surrounds the center of the air. When a person goes to the bottom of the ground, it stimulates a bit like the wind from the weight. In some of the above and below events it is no longer used but our heroes can still find elsewhere. Although the world of the surrounding islands is quite surreal, in this film is quite reliable and after a while it does not seem to be more powerful than running on a car somewhere in New York. The world looks like not to breathe as an idea. If such a truth could be for my mind, the quality of the world, the characters and attention to the details are amazing. Although the faces of the characters have little features, emotions can be counted as easily as Sean Connery or Dustin Hoffman's face. The world next to the characters is a wonderful color and no two scenarios are the same. History is always going, something going on that makes the world seem to be more alive. If you leave the movie and look at the background you will be surprised how much information you can get. <br /> <br /> The presence of the Hector actually puts the top cherry. Hector is a "little thing" of furry (maybe similar to a dog in our world) who is completely lovable and very funny. Although it is not very important for the main plot, he would be lost as Scrat would be in the Ice Age. Something cool about Hector is that you need to talk Gibberishi to listen to him. <br /> <br /> If the movie is too big, why didn't I give 10 stars? Well, the plot itself was thin. Two hunters are sent to save the world from the worst dragon who wants to swallow the world, not really. That would not be a big problem. What I missed is the history of history. What? What was this and why was it seen that way? I love historical stories but if they narrow down then they seem to be written after the movie has been completed in a sufficient attempt to give anything deep. Something else I didn't like is Zoé. Although a little girl like she could be considered to be good, she had some pain in this movie. He seemed to be a good one for every kind of learning about the truth, he went on to a certain hero from the story book and basically reduced others down. He would be the same if he had developed a little earlier in the movie - or was under girly to start with. For me the idea of ​​this girl who was there to mislead the story of the return of the authors. <br /> <br /> For all, this is a perfect movie for almost all ages.
