My first impression will be this is only Beowulf and all good bits of anti-Grendel and intact dragons, making it a single trip of fun from start to finish. Written by Frederic Lanoir and Arthur Qwak, both had created an extraordinary environment that becomes characteristic within their stories, and its dynamic environment being constructed by small spaces around the earth, which could be a wastelands, or green globes. It is a simple one, which describes the land that is struggling to expect the unwanted tour of the dragon robbery and destroy, and the hands of the living are all but destroyed. Enter the grandson of King Zoe (Marie Drion) who collects Lian-Chu (Vincent Lindon), an old man with great strength but a gentle gentle gentle, and his hand gwizdo's partner (Patrick Timsit), who compares a joint venture with his cunning brain. Lian-Chu and Gwizdo (with their animal creation that emerges by fire for fire) are offering a common dream of owning agricultural land and spending inappropriate days to take care of their farm animals for retirement, but in order to do so for free finance, so they work on the destruction of the monster which does not exactly pay. It is basically its essence, but what makes this film is a concert, it's its CG graphics, which are solid rich, deep, and attractive to the eyes. It has some of the well-designed pieces of action that were intended to stir you into the thickness of action, and during the fight, there is a nary at the moment. The real-time photographs of the picture are not found setting aside the fantasy to make faith, and it is easy to be afraid of the scenario that goes beyond the three sunny and old cadres of the flying thingamajigs (here with you George!) And I couldn't get the war enough also, although ordinary brick people will find fault with the failure of the code characters. <br /> <br /> I think this film opened my eyes that there are many more computer-animated companies out there around the world who have quality in their products and the match of Pixar's. And this is definitely a movie that local filmmakers of the Zodiac: Race Race with the Sea Legends can learn from? keep the story easy easily, and let your moving drawing continue to talk. Certainly it was recommended!
