At first, I would like to think that the mystery of Sunshine had something important to say about religion (and here is Christianity), and wonder if it would be something about the suffering of the blind faith, or the deception of those who were considered faithful than you. Surprised, it was not kind and was largely without judgment, setting events as a reality, and allowing listeners to carry out their judgments and conclusions. And I can't help but worry in the role of Song Kang-ho, a man who has been taken by Shin-ae's partner (Jeong Do-yeon), and starts going to church when he does. The reasons for going to church are many I think, either to find inner peace, seek help, be afraid of eternal judgment in hell, to prove faith, or even things like wanting to marry in a church, or a skirt to follow (I a child is not). But for each of its own reasons to turn to church every Sunday and to participate in prayer groups for fellowship, it is really dangerous, it is at the core of the purpose of the purpose, not satisfied, and at the time it is confused to enter. Or when you discover how a proud person can be, showing one face in the house of God, and showing another out. Shin-ae with his son Jun goes to Miryang City, where it is a place the birth of her dead husband. He wants to resume life, opens a piano shop to offer lessons, although in discovering his new independence acquired and for a short period of time, there is another epidemic emerging. And that takes one hour to reach. The Sunshine's secret took its time to reach this point, where objects begin to get a little more interesting and Shin-ae now taking on the religion of mutual acceptance to accept its current status, revealing in the comfort that religion, and fellow believers, could offer. What started as a cry of sympathy turns out to accept the belief that religion provides that money to solve the problems of all people, and sometimes you wonder whether it's because of your personal myopic view of what Allah does it for you, that when you begin to get a selfish opinion that everything goes well, and in the case of Shin-ae, his great focus on wanting to forgive others who have offended him, forgetting the most important thing that feelings can cut all the way too. The last action is probably the most enjoyable if it says a lot, where many of us can recognize and - why I, and why not someone else, if we get angry about our faith and start questioning, by chance The worst, without the most difficult and quick response. Then we fall by the way, or continue with the destructive acts of rebellion. But somehow the detection gets well drawn into the Sunshine Secret so that you do not recommend, and what can be a link to the bad, spilled character. If you cry on this film it generates, then you will probably only understand the best of Jeong Do-yeon for worth mentioning, since it completely owns its position as a widow-oh who might be the most unhappy person in the world for having to deal with many events for a short time, and you look carefully, most of them are making yourself. Looking at its transformation, it is worth the price of the ticket, and in spite of having my favorite Korean actress of Song Kang-ho in the movie, this is something that just stirred.
