The most interesting thing about Miryang (Secret of Sunshine) is practitioners. Jeon Do-yeon, like Lee Shin-ae, the main character, is a woman with a little baby whose husband died in a tragic accident, and who comes from Seoul to Miryang, which was her home town, and her little child. The face of Jeon is very flexible. He is wondering, loving, old, old and depressed, desperate and cheerful, with him and much alienation and turn, and all is in his face. The film is also the Kang-ho Song as Kim, a man who meets him when his car comes back to Miryang, who happens to run a garage in town, and who follows almost all the time after that, despite his lack of enough in his attentions. The words are the biggest star in Korea right now, known for his work with Park Chan-wook and Bong Joon-ho (mercy for Mr. Revenge, the killings and military records). And yet here he has a tendency to lose, close to the person he forgot. But of course he makes it interesting and amazingly interesting. She is a very important ballast to keep the character of Jeon from the spread. Lee Shin-ae is a piano teacher. He comes to a new city, which is a neutral state, a kind of poor Seoul, a city "as elsewhere," as Kim says (if he is in a way like anyone else). Her little boy is sprightly, like young boys, but is destroyed and deleted sometimes too. His father liked to scream, and when he lost his eyes, pretending to shout. She goes to school, and Shin-ae meets with parents and students and suppliers. There is a sense of place in the film, although the place is for "anywhere". People speak in the local language, and everyone knows everything, and the nature of Shin-ae of Seoul appears immediately. Is life true here, far from the big city and its modernization? Shin-ae seems to not recognize the danger she has. Something terrible happens. And Shin-ae doesn't have to deal with it in the best way. But it happens and he must have the results. But he can not. She goes to pieces. The offender is taken, but that's not comforting. Eventually he becomes desperate, returns and goes to a Christian birthday meeting that he is encouraging to attend. He gets peace and is given this. But when he decides not only to forgive the offender but to go to prison to tell him that, the experience is full of destruction and you destroy him again. He becomes angry and disappointed and finds no comfort in religion. And it becomes worse than that. Jeon Do-yeon gives him all in this very demanding and oppressive role. Lee Chang-dong can be a very good director. If the Kang-ho actress says much to thank him, it proves. According to Scott Foundas of LA Weekly, the first film of Lee, Green Fish (1997), Peppermint Candy (2000) and Oasis (2002) have called him "one of the most recent leaders of the country's cinema." But this is not the success of a film like that of other Korean directors whose work I have seen, such as Yong Sang-Soo, Bong Joon-ho, and very good, close to Park Chan-wook gifts. It can actually start as Foundas says like "Asiatic Alice Doesn't Live Here again" and then "suddenly and without warning" becomes "an exciting thing, and sometimes after a close Bressonian study in human suffering." But this development is not just seems to be random and abnormal; The film sags have lost its speed towards the end and only then fizzles out, without the ultimate meaning. There are also weaknesses in action. Shin-ae has a chance to fool with his son, and makes a bad choice all the time. Scheduled as Betty in Betty Blue of Jean-Jacques Beineix, which can explain his special choice and evil, not something that is well developed. This is an interesting film, certainly is one of the disturbances, but one that leaves one concerned, after putting one through the wringer of feeling. The official New York Film Festival released at Lincoln, 2007 event that has made it right with Korean filmmakers in recent days.
