Corean's movie can be very surprising for ordinary viewers, because of the abundance of tons and types that you can find in the same film. In the Coreen game such as this "Secret Night", you will also find interesting places, exciting events and romantic moments. "There is no trouble in life, there is also a shock-comedy" it says when one of the film's character was interpreted by Song Kang-ho, compared to the picture of the picture. But do not get involved, this type of hterogeneity that the movie deals with, enhances the verification of this rich film experience offers its providers. That does not mean that it is unacceptable: on the contrary, it is rare to see pictures as thin and deep in a woman with pain. Shin-ae, who wants a quiet life with her son in the native town of her late husband, gives it in fact, with all the different faces of the suffering that goes, united on this film. It is a true part of the cancellation and the psychological details of all phases of the poor mother continues. Refusal, loss, anger, trust, loss of truth: the film cuts all stages of the character line, and looks like a psychological list of all phases of suffering that a woman can see. The only thing is to accept what looks like a fancy experience (a woman wearing a mask of misfortune, someone represents something interesting) and allows filming to touch you. I must say that some parts of the movie were encouraging me (especially at the beginning), especially those of Chang Joan's inability to really help him who loves him, but also to be a collection of emotional suffering for me toward the end. However, some movie ideas are interesting and amazing (the area where the body is discovered in a big shot is a wonderful example). The exhibition makes "Sunshine of Secrets" of the same as "Army" for awesome movies or "Massacre" for exhibitions. These films are amazing, original, amazing, and manage to provide other directions for the types they use. The only thing that "Sunshine of the Sunshine" lacks, as "Host" forgot to be scary, is to make his listeners right: the worst action of melodrama, but a good step for a good film.
