The Sunshine's secret reveals the return of director Lee Changdong to the world of film making after the absence of many years. With three well-known films under its belt, he now employs the former Jeon Doyeon of its modern Cannes-winning talent for Lee Shinae's primary role. What follows is the journey through a woman's tragedy and explore her ways of coping. One of the things that appear when looking at the Sunshine of Secrets is that it doesn't matter to follow any kind of type, but instead it takes characteristic when it is needed to explain what is trying to convey. The story itself follows Lee Shinae as she goes with her son to Milyang (whose Sino-Corean is translated to Sunshine). She goes to Milyang after her husband's death as it was her city, so the film is born due to tragedy. And you think things can be better when opening a piano shop and meeting with a good player of Jongchan (played with Song Kangho). But this is not a romantic comedy. When we (and Jongchan, doggedly) we follow Shina when she meets Milyang and finally has saved her, the cracks of her arms seem obvious. She is a worried woman trying to understand her own strength to overcome the tragedy and we look at it as if she is not enough. The Sunshine's secret can still carry out the most amazing arcoteli, but it turns back to the catharsis, which can disturb a particular audience, especially the end, but the creative sign that is present in Milyang's name, the sun talk and the image used in the film very well left me satisfied, once I start thinking about more films. Mrs. Jeon is more appealing, especially considering that if the role was played well, it would quickly turn into a melodrama caused by pain, but she takes the shaances of Shinae's trials to deal with its losses and the array of fraud. Mr. Song has a very small role in this film than other films, but he does enough, giving Bion Jeon a good point. For specialty, the film has been made well in classical terms. No aesthetics of flashy hired here - the director tries to easily allow the story to describe. I think my only complaint, and one that cannot last, is that despite all the time we spend with Shinae, there is a distance between Shina and audience (or at least, I). I think some of these are based on the nature of the work, because if the general understanding was made, then we cannot see the problems that the Trunk has. On the other hand, I have never migrated with Shina, despite her many tears and a tendency that is worse. However, the film is still standing, especially since it has helped me to think about it, because more than what is in it and its instructions on tragedy, dealing, self-deception, separation from faith is well connected with me after credit completed the race. As a result of good leadership practices, I honestly did not see at 2.25 hours. And that says something. You did well. 8/10.
