The Sunshine Sunshine (2007) is known for its awards at the Cannes Festival in 2007 and other films. Jeon-Do Yeon, who played the first-born widow-in-the-star, won the best actors in the 60th Cannes Festival. The Sunshine's secret was also the winner of the best film and Jeon-Do Yeon got the best player from Asia Pacific Screen Award. In addition, this film won the best film awards near all Korean film festivals. Written and well-written, and photographed only, the Mystery Secret had announced the hope and salvation that can be achieved when life hurts because of the ongoing disaster. This film also talked about God's forgiveness and people. Lee Chang Dong, the director and author of this film, said in an interview, "For a great sense, I wanted to express what love and this movie could be melodrama for. Without love, we can't talk about hope and salvation." Lee acknowledged that The secret of the Sunshine was not clear. This movie is not a film about religion, but explained from many Christians in Korea because there were many Christian elements in the film. The way to turn into the Secret of Sunshine comes when June, Shin- son of ae, is kidnapped and killed. Kidnapper asks for money because he thinks that since he can buy land, he must be rich. His falsehood causes many sorrows to kill his son in prison and forgive him. Jong-chan, a friend of Shin-ae, says, "Just forgive your heart. Should you go to jail?" His church members rejoice for him and say they will pray for him. His pastor agrees with what he wants to do. That's a sad time because it's too early to work. The result of the meeting with the killer is another turning point in Shin-ae life. The murderer says with a peaceful smile that he has already been forgiven by God. This reduces his anger toward God. He says, "How can you forgive someone before you forgive?" He begins to fight against God. He looks up to heaven and declares, "I cannot lose you." He becomes a trap, his heart is a trap, and his hands are chains. It is more painful than death. He becomes a crazier and a crazier and is sent to a mental hospital. On that day Shin-ae has been released from the hospital, she goes to a beauty store and sees a well-known face. The daughter of the killer's son works in the shop and buys her hair. The daughter of the murderer has helped to snatch the Shin-ae baby. While reducing Shin-ae's hair, the protagonist can not understand what is going on and comes out of the shop quickly. It is difficult to talk about Jong-chan in the movie. Jong-chan is doing a good job of having a Shin-ae side. Although Shin-ae does not care about him completely, he is close to him at all. Shin-ae leaves the church quickly, but Jong-chan, who began to attend church because of Shin-ae, sits there because she feels peace with God. Lee Chang-dong, director of Secret Sunshine, says that Jong-chan is like Milyang (a secret sun), a rural town or vice versa. He seems to be "not worldly and strong, but always has two steps behind him and cares for him. Milyang is like him." Mr. Lee adds, "Someone hit jing that Jong-chan could be an angel. I think he could be an angel. Who knows? We can't say for sure that there is no angel." If there is someone like Jong-chan who goes for a long time to lose his partner, we can protect ourselves from the weak. Shin-ae's life is full of meaning. Her husband died after deceiving her, and her son alone was brutally murdered by a murderer after moving to her husband's city. And his soul was destroyed because he learned Christianity incorrectly? and that makes him mad, real. It is very easy to say that his life is full of meaning. What? Still has hope in his life? What? Can he find meaning in his life? The last part gives us hope. Shin-ae tries to cut her hair for herself: we are walking our life for ourselves. He, however, knows that it is difficult to do it for himself, and we know that we cannot do everything for ourselves. We see Jong-chan with a glass when she gets her hair cut. That's his hope. Ana Jong-chan next to her and is ready to help her in any situation. As I said earlier, Jong-chan is like an angel for him. If we hear that angels are always beside us, we can find happiness in life even though we are experiencing hardship in our lives. The sun's secret is the hot topic of conversation in Korea. It's like the Da Vinci Code. While Da Vinci Code helps us discuss the history of the early church, the mystery of Sunshine encourages us to deal with life's difficulties and find meaning when life seems to be impossible. With an unknown definition of film, people do not understand Christianity and its theology. With a detailed definition, this film will help us see the bottom of the face. Some people say they have stopped attending church services after watching the secret Sunshine, and Lee Chang-dong responds by saying, “They were ready to resist Christ before watching this film. our life through Shin-ae life.
