Lee Chang-dong unique "Mystery of Sunshine" is one of the most emotional experiences of the year. It is a piece of loyalty, wrong for a waste of losing and losing memento mori which cooperates with an amazing density of thought, still remains as shown. Through its natural nature and a wonderful view of the city's dynamics, Lee rebuilds the traditional melodrama of Korean by eliminating additional movies and stuck by destroying the arcs that create its characters and the reasons for the sting . The "Sunshine Secret" remains a great job, with water in the run of 142 minutes. Its first hour of night is filled with the bottom and bottom entry, a large exposure figure and the voice of the sound produced by human understanding. From a short story, Lee protects the film and his understanding of the many living creatures, it was often seen in his "Oasis" vague and useless. To understand how a personal revolution emerges when our world views have been changed, Lee is not only experiencing the emotional pain of the widow through the detective but also senses the existing dust that emphasizes the film when religion becomes an example of information by understanding the evil of human experience . Do Yeon Jeon's ("You're My Sunshine") The best player of Canter in Cannes in 2007 is good. His role as a Shin-ae widow is still unacceptable. As a tendency excluded from the more regulatory forces, the magnificent glory of this performance is important to the turbulent state of the film. With Jeon trying one quest of cyclonic after another, there is a great feeling of fall that the film, for its credit, is never available. Instead they find a good balance that drives a legal exhibition and subsequently banned from the usual events and its fall. He becomes the center of the film world as well as ours. Published by CinemaScope of the hand of the hand, the film destroys inappropriate movies and songs to have an instant display as it touches the moment when the camera has never left its eyes from Shin-ae for fun, guilt and sadness. > <br /> Lee takes notes of life in a small town, of Miryang's worries? The lack of social conditions, his uncomfortable silences and its destruction from personal games. The Shin-ae interaction with the city town rarely encourages dividends, especially when they are out of sufficient responsibility for their son, Jun (Seon Jung-yeop). Regular friends are Jong-chan (Song Kang-ho), a bachelor contractor of unconfirmed mind who helps him walk Miryang in an open sequence of film overlooking the sun. The word has emerged as a hero to fight the heroes in the largest South Korean film but its lowest, low-down presentation here causes the process of thought of the most unfamiliar director. <br /> <br /> If pain is ephemeral, then sadness can never be deleted. And Lee finds controversy in permanence. While Shin-ae is trying to reduce the way of reconciliation simply being confronted with a deficit of an unintelligent heart, he works in an evangelical Christian ministry as a foil for his grief. But Lee knows more than that when he understands that religion, in the context of humanitarian hippopotamus and trouble, is not an easy solution. But Lee never criticized the essence of religion when he recognized the value of salvation for some through the supreme power even if he served the kind of rejection of others. The exhibition in its last half that deals with the religion will not be allowed to be a brutal derision, which is self-centered by how many films they are able to accelerate the material to take on what they need to say is true to her story and characters. Lee's first film since his office call as the Minister of Culture and Tourism of his country is reflecting on human suffering. In such an inexperienced and realistic film, it shows clearly that nothing is as simple as emotional catharsis, just suppress and give us a bitterness. "The Sunshine of the Sun" leaves us with the tenderness of the tender has been removed out of evanescence, and it describes a great understanding of despair and faith.
