I had no intention of writing these reviews, but after reading the default test that shows on this film's URL, I felt forced to write rebuttal. Movie in the word is superlative. It is not recommended that the author has written. I think the author has died quite a bit of the movie significantly. In fact, I was also deprived of a lot of the ministry of the preachers that took over the movie significantly. However, I have to ask for an exception to the auditor because, this film is not a piece of propaganda for the action of evangelists. I think, what the director has shown is how insufficient religion is to get all the answers, how religion is largely impossible to provide answers to basic questions, a simple one that can ask and all that religion should give sometimes just sea types of one kind or another. This does not reveal the value of religion on religion if we should remember that religion is cast out and displayed by ordinary, very important people, very good people and usually do not have a monopoly on truth and so religion cannot end up giving a final answer to some questions. in life. Finally, it is a matter of faith. You need to take it by faith and that's all. And if you are given faith, then you can appreciate any faith. And if it is offered faith then any display of faith is tresome. So it is at the same time, you learn to recognize the auditor's response to the movie. In any case, the director will show us that a person can choose not to accept the religious interpretation of the events and answers to the questions and in spite of these developments and there is a 'sunshine' in this world that awaits all wounded souls, regardless of their religious orientation. And that's the basic message of the film! Please check the last movie location, if you don't have this! At the end, the movie is one of the biggest and most motivating ideas and faces you - the viewer has questions that you have to answer. It is therefore a work of art that is a challenge to yourself. I agree with the auditor because, evangelical things were very little. However, given the high definition of religion as shown in the film, I think the director was trying to balance the act that could not be called a preacher? basher! Kang-ho Song actor was as good as ever. He is equally and perfect that he is just wonderful. He is my Korean actress who does not like. I know the actor of Do-Yeon Jeon received Cannes's award for the best actor for this film. However, I did not receive any preference in his acting. It seems that getting the prize you should do just to lobby in the cry and hysterical events and all? All in the whole movie. If you don't like it? please check again and see if you get! If it leaves you uncomfortable or worried or ask questions then think, if this is not what the director was building through this film first!
