I love Korean films because they have the real ability (really quietly) to catch real life. I tend to watch Korean movies for the same reason. I've seen these directors other movies before. The one closest to the feeling I have received from this is the Oasis and another amazing film called This Beautiful Girl. However, my headline should be from Chrstian's view so I will just start doing it instead of opening it in praise. From non-Christian perspective Chang-dong Lee has taken an unselfish and true picture of the modern Protestant church (regardless of denominations) and all. I have been waiting for a Christian film that shows the truth of the dark ages of church life. Because Christian films tend to speak in tongues that are different from those who want to share their faith. Many films and religious religions, though well-intentioned, have only a reflection of the Disney film or after a special school. They need to show life as it is. True people curse, real people desire, real people fall. And while Christians believe that salvation is available to those who seek it, we are still faced with the daily fears of this life. And Je-Jeon Jeon's character is a picture of the trustworthy and brutal woman who sought God, but because of the realities of life, she lost that love at once. He does not deny God exists. It is only that he refuses to accept the idea that He is a loving and forgiving God. In his respect for ethics and madness, his behavior asks questions that are on each other's mind, religion or not. "If God is Love, why does He allow such evil things to happen?" This film does not answer it, evenly. And I believe the last 10 minutes of the film, though clearly interpreted, leaves us later with hope for our great character and brings the idea of ​​the “sunshine” of the full round. believe for a second that this film attempted to be religious or in any way tried and put that being. There is a false reason to work more. It's true, it's honest. And for this reason, it is for the best summary of the real Christian life I saw in the film.
