This is a free change of Clarence Mulford's novel; Willaim Boyd films will probably feel a little in the sea here (and comments here show it). But I knew of Hopalong from the first novel, and I don't care very much about Boyd movies once I got it. Christopher Coppola has made a wise choice - he did not "Western"; instead, he has approached Cassidy's story as a piece of what we were called 'Americana'; or what the great critics were once called 'housepun'. Since the film has been revealed, I have found more and more reminding the great version of "Hallmark Theater" of "Roughing It" of Mark Twain, and James Garner explaining. The two films remind us that, although the film about the 'western past' perhaps always be a story to Americans, they don't need to be 'western'; they would be very good to have only a film about the meaning of America at that time, the place. <br /> <br /> I have never felt lost for, watch this film; there is no attempt to push Boyd-Cassidy legacy under our throat, no evil, no camp. So, I see the feelings of these characters as a walk - or a horse of a horse - in some real American western I could also walk a hundred years ago. That, the transparency of the film - is certainly avoiding anything we came to call "fashion" - it is for all of it; and a clear act of artists fit well with this; Gosh, in fact feels like a story described near the fire of a cattle car - there is no voluntary dress, just quirks and good humor - and sudden abuses - we expect from a good yard of adventure. I was so surprised by this film, and if the observer sets the prospects, he will get great pleasure in it. I would have given this 9 star film, but I would like to give only ten because most retirees here have been completely uncertain; and I encourage you to keep their Boyd records aside and give this film another chance. Note 1: One auditor complained that Hopalong is looking for dead people in this film, instead of hitting a gun in their hands (Ala Boyd's Cassidy); first, Cassidy beat the dead people in the novel; The second, if Cassidy was a real cowboy could kill people dead - a gun shot from the hands of people is that they can get other guns every time - which happens to be part of this small film. Note 2: I agree that I am jealous of the Coppola family, that they have a "Godfather" Director who can give them all the opportunities to make movies that I can't; but a good movie is a good movie; and this is a good movie. If it is for someone by name "Coppola", well, that's just the same. America is a country of opportunity (or was, until Bush came in) - that's what many American attractions are.
