Paul Verhoeven has one of the most remarkable performances of any major director: he began to make films in his Dutch before he moved to Hollywood where he started making pieces of strife which often appear to be fun with many people. In 1983 The Fourth was the last film he made before moving to the United States and it seems to be a transition film for him. From the beginning of the Fourth Man is clear that the film will appear from the view of the famous author Gerard. In respect to Carol Reed's name also the 1949 film film The Third film film begins with the author making a trip to a group of literary lovers. Similarities are gone, however, as Gerard gets into any serious problems before arriving at the hotel and the speech itself goes smoothly. Despite the ease with which he has completed this task we know that the author is concerned if he has a real opinion about killing his partner before leaving his home and also has a high fantasy involving a hotel being advertised by an optical ball from outside the door. That he sometimes has trouble keeping his fantasies differently and the truth is made more clear when the anecdote says it is true and admits that "he has spoken the truth" until he {he} does not know if something 't happens. The Fourth Man is full of fantastic surreal and dreams that are more frustrated because it is so easy to see how they relate to events that we have seen happening and because sometimes it shows events that haven happened to be yet. Between the effectiveness of the improper system and the editorial style of this Verhoeven is about to be a more advanced film on this side of the look now and if this film is full of controversy. Unlike the film The Fourth Man is also an incredible as the Catholic faith known as Gerard's every aspect of his life including sex. It usually incorporates the style of female hair that is familiar with the biblical Delila although she fears she will remove the most important sign of masculinity and scissors. In a series of fantasy that would make Luis Buñuel confused he causes a person who is attracted to the image of Christ's greatness on the cross. The Fourth Man is a horrible film that can bring the viewer into the attention of the protagonist while still retiring confidence: it certainly looks like Gerard is in danger but may be more than a "true lie". The film is also full of mysterious and non-cunning displays that help make it a unique experience of the movie.
