Watching DE VIERDE MAN (called MAN FOURTH) is a very small and very interesting experience. It is a very mysterious and intense psychological mystery / thriller from Paul Verhoeven Netherlands. He led this film before getting great with "free Hollywood tickets" -movie FLESH + BLOOD. In most comments on the user on this site I saw mentioned by Alfred Hitchcock. In fact, this movie could be Hitchcockian, but also I saw the touch of the original Cronenberg (visceral), the taste of David Lynch (illustrations linked to the story) and even Russian Polanski (set-wise set-up). Interestingly, the movies and directors I was thinking when looking at DE VIERDE MAN was not made until 1983, the MANU MAN release date. So go get it. The biggest loan should be given on the original story novel and Gerard Reve this movie depends on. Gerard Reve is also a false name of the main character (a troubled writer, played by Jeroen Krabbé, balancing on a dangerous line of severe psychosis). Now, anyone standing and thinking about the fact that the word "greed" is French to "dream"? And the film consists of a lot of dream-like / night patterns, often so that you don't always know if Gerard is awake or waking up. What? This could be unfortunate ...? Maybe it's just me, but I don't think so. Renée Soutendijk is very amazing as a leading woman (in the role of the most wanted). Sometimes he seems to be guilty of doing more (through the trick). But that aspect was obvious to the intention of displaying the character he played, since the film continues, you cannot be sure about what to think of this woman and her purposes. Reaffirms is the best player. I would like to add that the movie also has several events showing a complete male and female feminine, as well as some explicit sexual events (and you will also see that some of the events and open features are future channels to be beaten by Verhoeven's KIMBE) The other feature of this film has many features and biblical images / pictures, which have been photographed the most hateful and conservative / Catholic movement during its release to Europe. In any way, it makes the movie worthy to watch the second time. Now, someone recently told me he had a great shock on DE VIERDE MAN. One of them is that the film is responsible for itself in a position where it requires the intervention of God of the Virgin Mary to protect itself. I myself have great issues and Catholicism, and it is still sometimes, displayed in many movies in any kind (so it's not just when it comes to terrible religious movies). But surprisingly, I had no shock when you came to a CHILD. Although the Virgin Mary's plot in the plot made me head off at one time, I was happy with it, somehow. I think the basic word why it doesn't really affect me is 'duality'. Because, this film works on two levels. Although 'God's intervention' may settle the line of conspiracy from the perspective of the protagonist ... on the other hand: the movie means that all this can be the ramblings of the sweetheart of the raving. And that's a fun place: You don't know for sure. And then there's a question: Is it possible that Gerard Reve was somehow receiving a distorted vision of things coming ... if you received a mark? At one time in the movie, Gerard even tries to deceive Christine believe she is clairvoyant. The way she plays Christine in the area is very good to see. So for his compelling story, the convincing exhibition and adequate instruction, DE VIERDE MAN is looking highly proposed (especially if you enjoy a solid physiological psychological film). But make sure you see the original Dutch version (not the same name).
