I don't know if I would like to take the center of it not, but it's close to the nearest; it is very good to be done, artistic, insistent, deliberately organized, the challenge of inspection and full of proud and religious images. There is also a great job of cameras from Jan de Bont, the sky logo from Loek Dikker and the best to do from Jeroen Krabbé and Renée Soutendijk, the latter provides one of the most worries, craft 'femme fatale' performance I've ever seen. Like many other European films, this film has a non-shy, non-judgmental view of sex, magic and sexual problems and has zero reservations about combining both religion and / or surgery (others can say wrong) pictures. In other words, if you cannot bear the thought of homosexuality coming to mind something of his carnal desire if Jesus was crucified on the cross before two of them went into it in the cemetery cries then this may not be the cinema for you. What was most surprising is how this amazing movie could totally avoid being an independent aggression. It combines the scenes of abstract / surreal / parallel fantasy-reality and somehow makes it all work. If any good secret, you can see the pieces that have fallen slowly when the film continues. RIGHT RIGHT OUT OF THE OUT OF THE LAND-HERE. The movie has a focus, no filling without need and immediately ended, you can begin to understand the purpose of what may be mixed you earlier. If you like Ken Russell and David Lynch's job, I can almost sure you will love this movie. Hell, if you don't know who it is, you can still love it. I'm going to destroy the plot by getting a lot of information, but the opening of the film - through the web as a spider takes its captives - it moves like Krabbé, like a player, wife, sexual writer Gerard Reve (for amazingly, also the name of the author whose novel depends on the crosses and the rich, wonderful and sexy woman named Christine (Soutendijk, combining and fighting Simone Simon-like guilt / denial that is not very good), who can be a "widow" black "who was responsible for the death of his three old men. They all become lovers and go with someone else, but we are guided (through the wonderful character of Christine and the regular show of another woman - played by Geert de Jong - who can or cannot exist) something of deep horizontal boiling down face. When Christine's partner, young and "good" Herman (Thom Hoffman), show at home, things are unexpected. And that's all you need to know. MAN 4 MAN had a great achievement of art in the world, but he did not do so for the United States until 1984, where it was awarded the Best Foreign Year film from the Los Angeles Film Association. The most common video is freedom of the media, which has become very dirty. Try to avoid it and direct it for the release of the latest Anchor Bay DVD. Since coming to America, the work of Verhoeven has been ups and down. She has made a good film (Body & Blood, RoboCop) and some clever (Showgirls). In fact, Verhoeven's hit hit Basic Instinct is almost like the lowest version of the interesting, junior League of Fourth. Soutendjik also tried his hand to work in America and because SECRETS of GRAVE (1989) and EVE OF DESTRUCTION (1991) were the best gifts he had received, he went home to the Netherlands.
