Paul Verhoeven's predecessor of his 'Basic Instinct' hitout is an exciting and amazing excitement of neo-noir. Verhoeven has been known for making filthy films, all in its Netherlands and America and this film is one of the reasons. The Fourth Man follows the amazing story of Gerard Reve (played by Jeroen Krabbé); A gay, drunk and young writer who goes to Vlissingen to talk about the stories he writes. When she was there, she met Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk) who persuaded her to take her back to her home where she gets a beautiful picture of one of her lovers and announces that she will meet her, even if they kill her. > ho ataa mara Ver Ver Ver Ver Ver Ver Ver Ver Ver Ver Ver Ver Ver ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho Most of the events in the Fourth Person can be what they seem to be, but can be easily translated as something else and this puts the audience on the edge of their seats for a while, and also makes the film work as this story is going on. Paul Verhoeven is not a filmmaker who feels he needs to restrain himself, and that's one of the things I like most about him. This film has an amazing place that made me feel for hours later (and that doesn't do it very often!). I will recover it because it requires an element of surprise to work ... but you will see what I mean when you see a film (make sure you get an unattainable version!). There are also some cases of macabre that are more surprising than I mentioned, but they are good however; The man is stabbed by the lion, another has a pipe sent through his skull, the boats burst by half ... lovely. The Fourth Man's Work is not something to write at home about, but it is solid all around. Jeroen Krabbé considers the audience's audience and looks at the part as a veiled writer. It is Renée Soutendijk which is more appealing, though, like a woman who loves in the middle of the story. His performance is what Sharon Stone will follow nine years later with Primary Foundation, but the original fatale did well. Paul Verhoeven's focus is always strong on our way of thinking in many ways of thinking, which all helps to create the mysteries of the story. Verhoeven has gone to make the trash, but he really has talent and it is embarrassing that it does not put it to good use. In all filhoeven films I saw, this is the best and though it can be difficult to reach; Believe me, it's worth the effort.
