The film that can give you tears of sadness and tears of joy would be considered a key step in the work of the film manufacturer. The fact is, Steven Spielberg, perhaps our storyteller, has been doing this in a different film format for years. PURPLE OF COLOR, at the time, seemed to be dangerous, especially after actors like JAWS and RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK. In view, this film should not be a surprise, for Spielberg made us cry tears of joy and sadness in E.T. Critics called the COLOR PURPLE its door in intellectual sale. It is quite a door. No special effects, no swashbuckling, just a brilliant-story describing according to classic literature by Alice Walker. One surprise is how Spielberg could give the film that migrates to Africa-Americans in the south. Slavery has gone, but on the south is shown here, it seems like black people use other black people as slaves. <br /> <br /> Spielberg always put down for sentimentalizing its images or adding the element of childhood to please the audience. That is the first film to be ignored from his work that you can't do this investigation. It is the first of the films that people didn't see or see because there are no visitors. THE KINGDOM OF THE SUN, WORD, SHADOW OF THE PAPER, etc.. His amazing talent is obvious with this special image because A) uses most of the first time executives without learning, B) can cope with a thing that has not been able to fail the screens, and C) is a fresh ceremony and strings where characters grow and change on the 30th year. It is about to appear as the scope and scope and the fact that it did not find one Academy award from the 11th selection is the heroic and insulting. Whoopi Goldberg is amazing as Celie, a disgusting woman released by her father Danny Glover, who knows only as "Mr.". The film monitors the frequent beatings and mental suffering continues when he is "Mr.". The PG-13 movie was tested for gender issues made by the Walker novel. This is not a "burning bed" in Georgia in any way. There is no non-retaliation as expected. It happens to beauty. Goldberg fully has a human, a person who needs love and a worthy person. During a very interesting and heartwarming time when Goldberg and her sister, Nettie (played by Akosua Busia) have separated, perhaps forever. (Is it possible to separate the genocide of the child and parent?) You can watch the blow if it is not guided by this sequence. The purple color stands the beauty of the fields and flowers surrounding these poor people. There is actually something to live, but love surpasses all. Bashers of Spielberg note: The boy can make a classic memorable without good guests. <br /> <br /> RATING: 10 out of 10
