This north-western series has won the Emmy for a better integration plan and is certainly a fascinating series. It was produced by the Republic, the studio that works better than anyone, and puts the best in it. Each section was built around the actual historical history of the ancient west. Rail investigations named Matt Clark, similar to later Elliot Ness and the violence groups of the 1920s and 30s, were able to collaborate with western law between the 1800s and WWI. The series of 'best assets' was Jim Davis. Long, bright, very beautiful, in good condition, with a real western scope, with a great driving experience that has made him quite sure in practical events, Davis had every western inch hero. He had two beautiful and active stars, Mary Castle as "Frankie" at first, and Kristine Miller as "Jonesy" the second time. Everyone worked well with Davis. What distinguished this show from people of his day and much of what happened later is a profession that has been in practical events. Ace William Witney's guide led to 30 intervals. Franklin Adreon others. They all closed the act with the police. The biggest stock of shares from papers and B used to provide scope. The level of individual events has risen or fell to the quality of the visitors brought to the wrong play. Among the good people were Marie Windsor as Belle Starr, Lee Van Cleef as Jesse James, Fess Parker as the Dalton Grat, Jean Parker as Cat Kate, Joe Sawyer and Slim Pickins as Butch Cassady and "Smilin 'Kid". Pic cream, Parker, Denver Pyle, James Best, and Richard Jaeckel, were respecting their crafts. Harry Veterans, Harry Woods, Glenn Strange, Kenneth MacDonald, Earle Hodgkins, Steve Darrell, and the Great Jojaachie, gave the old western leather harvest. The fragility of the concept was that there was a lot of western western confusion. For the second season, the well-known figures were hidden by mite for all the buff history of volunteers. However, a few of the future exhibitions were similar to anything, due to the visitors of the visitors. Henry Brandon showed the Nate Player of Rustler, and the star of the former Republic of Don Barry was best like Milt Sharp's limited time to ban. The Western fan or history bombs will want to see this.
