This wonderful, unusual series is entitled to credit in the history of TV history for two reasons: it was the first to win Emmy's award for the best series, and it was the first show to come from the fabric of the Republic of Republic Photos, known for Its low but high-powered shoot-em-ups in 30 and 40 years. The Republic was one of the first Hollywood studios to enter on a small screen, which was still in pregnancy. But the studio-based label as a false producer of television genius will be short. After this show, the future will emerge with another structure that was known to them, serial serial, and "Commando Cody", along with another series, but like this, they did not have much longer than 39 intervals. Also, the Republic was in its last stages as a label; it would have completed its ownership in Hollywood as a rental lease for several series of Revue Studio such as "Fortune Soldier", "Dragnet", and "Kit Carson", before closed doors in 1959. <br /> <br / > However, "the legends of the century" were not so bad, his call card was a story according to the true figures in Western history, especially fraud like Black Bart, Johnny Ringo, John Wesley Hardin, Dalton Bros and similar. Jim Davis, well-known for his role as Ewing Pastor in "Dallas", made a very good job in the lead position as Matt Clark, a false railway judge who should compete with criminals, beaten by veterans and soon - to become actors The old character. <br /> <br /> Two amazing things here: Events will occur in different lines of time, some 1880 years, some of the late century, but Clark can't age. And, too, Matt has good luck with two beautiful female spies like players, Frankie Adams, played by Mary Castle, and instead, Margaret "Jonesy" Jones, and Kristine Miller. The Lone Ranger can only want a woman's communion. You can only spend the same time with Tonto for a long time. <br /> <br /> "Century Stories" is the production of Studio City TV from the Republic of the Republic Corp. 39 events were made in 1954, all of the 39 within the public domain and DVD.
