RECOGNIZE TRAINING AND EXPERIENCE OF "VILLA PARANOIA" A popular film of the general public, more important than the jury prize, was an amazing comedy of Erik Clausen, "Villa Paranoia", which was also chosen by Jury's European Youth Model. its appeal to cinephiles of all ages. On the second day actor Clausen traveled to the distant town of MAMERS, Pays de Loire, to the new European festival of the new movie, where "Villa Paranoia" took three more awards - Best film, Jury Professional; Best Movies, Audience Awards; and the best film of another young jury comprises "lycéens", French high school students. Five gifts in one weekend - not a bad mark of films from small countries and unknown actors. In addition, "Villa" was awarded the Grand Prix, MAIRICK SPIRIT SPIRIT, in San Jose, California, last week, and the British actress Sir Ben Kingsley ("Ghandi"), performing a total of six awards a week. If Lars van Trier has placed Denmark on a remote map of Dogma Cinematic map offbeat-oddball in recent years, there is now a good opportunity to become Elder Maverick Erik Clausen (62) and his capable administrators will show the world that Denmark has more to give than drivatic drivel, which is to say, an audience of enjoyable quantity for young and old alike. In addition, the female leadership of his films, Sonja Richter, has a magical presence as, with a little more impact, stands a better chance to be the second Scandinavian. For record, "Villa Paranoia" is a false, written, directed and implemented film by Mr. Clausen, and using some material from Moliere "The Imaginary Invalid". Anna (Richter), a proud actress, has lost her passion for the game of Moliere and, reduced to doing stupid stupid chicken business, is close to suicide. However, Jorgen (Clausen) who runs a big chicken farm to grow in the classroom, gives him a job with a room and board to take care of his old, old, old wheels, Valentin who had not said a word since his wife Stella's years suicide before. Anna is the only one who finally finds a way to contact the grouch of the former arrogance of pride - and moreover, she finds that she has been pretending to be self-indulgent and immobility all these years - living "Malade Imaginaire". This will lead him to play a major role of his life in order to reveal the secret of darkness that has led to the withdrawal of the general Valentine from life and truth. Villa "Paradisi-Paranoia", in fact of the Moliere tradition that has been taken in part, is the heart of the heart, layered, the serial-comic physiological that means for everyone and only requires correct placement to achieve the general form of access international is very eligible. Alex Deleon, Paris / March 21, 2005
