Of course, one of John's major exhibitions, Mr. Mchanga Lincoln was unnoticed during his early release, it is not surprising because the year was 1939 when many major movies of the entire movie were released, including many more Western stories in history of the genre, the wonderful Unique of John Ford and many others, such as Gone and Wind, the Wizard of Oz, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington which has taken Oscar in the category Young Young Mr. Lincoln was chosen, which is the original Screenplay. It continued to be a Ford-assisted film for many years planned to avoid gradually in the shadow of other John Ford exhibitions, but at the end of the film's representatives by the 1950s and European journalists took ownership of records written by the Russian director of Sergei Eisenstein about Mr. Young Lincoln where he encouraged and acknowledged that if he could only have the opportunity to lead any American film made until then, it would be obvious John Ford's Young Mr. Lincoln. Surprised by this undisputed interest in Eisenstein, critics began to see the film again but with different eyes and film traits have increased since then. It was not the first time the life of one of the most remarkable American writers brought to the screen. At the beginning of the 1930s Griffith did it in Ibrahim Lincoln and the same year as Ford, MGM film released by John Cromwell named Abe Lincoln in Illinois. Amazingly both were dependent on the great achievements of Broadway Stage released in 1938 and written by Robert Sherwood. <br /> <br /> In addition to John Ford movies, we can get more access to life and actions and even the death of historical Lincoln statistics in several director functions, such as 1924 Iron Horse or 1936 Shark Island Prisoner , the second, such as Mr. Mr. Lincoln, uses as the main music theme of the famous Lincoln song - Dixie. Publisher notes according to Stage Play's previous biography and Lincoln was written by Lamar Trotti in collaboration with John Ford himself, which was very common for Ford to do but the final result was just amazing - The script combining the elements of play with several historical facts with stories and stories about the beginning of Life and Abraham Lincoln laws have come to the area of ​​pride, but more of the heart, which is the top part of the film and the great generator of laughing and tears, where Lincoln defends two young brothers accused of murder and should decide how to help their mother when she is brought before the court as a witness and where the prosecutor (played with Donald Meek) asks her to show who her husband has committed the murder to the point forcing him to do so is not possible to judge one death and allow another to live. <br /> <br /> Overall is a very touching, heart-warming and even funny film with just a great performance from Henry Fonda in his high reputation of Abraham Lincoln and with the burden of the other characters no matter how little or how big they appear on a fantastic and intellectual screens and by the power of John Ford's imagination in one of the best ever ever present. A sure must see for everyone. 10/10
