Mr. Lincoln limited the first film of the co-director John Ford and Henry Fonda. I remember many years ago Fonda says that if the little actor was worried about playing Abraham Lincoln and fear he can't live up to the challenge. John Ford before starting shooting put him easily and saying he didn't want to play the Great Emancipator, but a jag-foot jag adviser. That Fonda has led to the cast that John Ford described in the classic film. This is not a Lincoln biography. It had arrived before the time of the voice with Walter Huston and the year after Young Mr. Lincoln, Raymond Massey played for the Pulitzer Award for Robert Sherwood Abe Lincoln in Illinois. Massey still keeps Lincoln's point. But as Ford said, Fonda was not just playing the Emancipator just a lawyer in Illinois. The film involves 10 years of early Lincoln life. We see him attending a wholesale shop, getting legal books from a family of migrant travelers whose way would go back again. And her love with Ann Rutledge with her early death and departure to Lincoln to be more proud. Quickly 10 years and Lincoln is now a working lawyer starting to get information. He has served a few words in parliament, but he is back in a private practice without sure if politics is for him. This is where most of the action takes place. The two children of the family received legal books from the back when they were charged with murder. He offers to help them. And it is not a casual murder but one of the deputy deputies. The quiz itself is a lie, but the gambit used in the protection of Richard Cromwell and Eddie Quillan who played two are based on the real case Lincoln defended. I won't say it again. <br /> <br /> In addition to the exhibition, Mr. Young Lincoln's great power is how John Ford holds the atmosphere and the atmosphere of the small town of the prairie of Illinois in Fourth July. It's almost like you are watching the news. And it was the mood of the country itself, young, vibrant and growing. Ford Ford films will recognize two music themes here that were repeated in future films. During a romantic relationship at the beginning with Fonda and Pauline Moore who are Ann Rutledge's back music is the same theme that is used in the Person of Liberty Valance for Vera Miles. And in the dance, tune Good Susan Brown that Fonda and Marjorie Weaver who play Mary Todd are the same Fonda played by Cathy Downs for, in my Clementine Darling in dance for lifting the church in Tombstone. <br /> <br /> Lincoln will ever be a favorite subject of the artists and characters for two reasons, I believe. The first is an example of the life of our American mythology on people rising from the bottom up to a great power through their own efforts. In fact Mr. Sand Lincoln very much shows the background Lincoln came from. And the second that he was our president during the great crisis in the history of the United States and that he made a good decision and the moral rescue of slaves during the civil war, although for political reasons necessary. His murder confirmed its place in history. In addition to Fonda and others I mentioned specific features should also go to Fred Kohler, Jr and Ward Bond, two city houses, Kohler to be a victim of murder and Bondana general accused. Also Donald Meek as prosecutor and Alice Brady in what turned out to be her final film as the founding mother of Cromwell and Quillan. And very good performance with Spencer Traders engaged in rustic characters as a judge. For the film that plays the game with romance when installed, you can not do better than Young Mr Lincoln.
