1939 is accepted in the world as the greatest year in Hollywood history, with the most classic films given more than any other, and John Ford inspired the best three, "Stagecoach", "Drums With Mohawk", and this beautiful decent day frontier and lawyer The least of the planned backwoods will ultimately save the Union, "Mr. Mr. Lincoln". And the world is fighting a war that America is afraid, but knew it would have been, Abraham Lincoln had a lot about people's minds, in 1939, as a person who had the same problem in his own life, and won. In Broadway, winning Robert E. Sherwood "Abe Lincoln in Illinois", as well as Raymond Massey, who was dead, was playing in a full house (it would have been in 1940). Carl Sandburg's epic biography, "Abraham Lincoln: War War", was published, and soon became the best supplier. President Roosevelt often referred to Lincoln in a conversation, and Lincoln Memorial, in Washington, DC, became the most famous symbol of the city (the fact that Frank Capra used well, in "Mr. Smith going to Washington") <br /> <br /> All this was not lost by Darryl F. Zanuck, in the 20th century Fox; as soon as he read the Lamar Trotti movie of the early days of Lincoln as a lawyer, appointed him to be a 'prestige' of production, and gave John Ford a lead, and Henry Fonda, to become a star. Do not want to play Lincoln; he felt unable to do justice to the 'Great Emancipator', and he feared the bad works would ruin his work. Even a written test, where he was interested and how much he would like Lincoln, can not change his mind. According to Fonda, John Ford, who had not worked with him, stood out of the royal, at their first meeting, and explained that he did not show Lincoln's Legend, but a young lawyer of "jackanape" faces his first case murder. Humbled, Fonda took place. (John Ford gave a different scenario, but the results were the same!) Obviously, they got together a chemistry that worked, for almost both of them will produce 'classics'. Unlike Lincoln's "Abe Lincoln in Illinois", the former Lincoln, melancholia when he had a suggestion, Ford was a shy but interesting lawyer, who made friends easily, and lost a lost mother, sand limited (resulting in bond with the pioneer mother that becomes an important part of the story). Injustice breaks him, and he speaks of 'common sense' to overcome violence, interacting with humorous levels. All components played on Lincoln's (non-published) link with Ann Rutledge; in the Ford version, these pairs are really in love, and dedicated to each other. After his death, Lincoln often visited his grave, in order to share his life with his 'spirit' (Ford head will continue in "wearing a yellow ribbon") <br /> <br /> The assassination attempt is the center of the center The film, and shows many talented stars and director. Fonda deftly shows Lincoln's skills, but the confidence of fairness is caused by mercy, and Ford emphasizes the gap between 'the inhabitants of the big village' (represented by DA Donald Meek, and his player adviser, Stephen Douglas, who played with Milburn Stone). , and informal, rule-looking country means Lincoln. With the 'Ward Bond' Ford as often as an important witness, the attempt is unusual, and riveting. And a film like Lincoln is coming into the storm, and finally (deleting the image of a statue at Lincoln Memorial), viewers can find comfort in the message of the film that if the reason is right, good would eventually win. <br /> <br /> "Mr. Mr. Lincoln" is a very amazing film, from an amazing year!
