Legend of Zu <br /> <br /> I remember well the former Warriors of Tsui Hark made 18 years earlier. More than one Christmas, in a few weeks while Channel 4 in the UK showed a weekend of Hong Kong movies, Zu Warriors were joining a very small viewer with his brother and so memorable, that installed in the current memory has grown up spro ... /> <br /> In fact, I think the old Zu Warriors are one of the first movies I saw as a child that I can remember clearly a line of stories and actions from. With reference to Yuen Biao, Sammo hung with others in their classic prime. So when I saw this remake of Zu Warriors, there was a feeling of anxiety. Can it record the childhood memories of my childhood, or will they follow other remake roads and die the most horrible death than baddies and their broken necks you get on kung fu movies? Answer the answer I can't say. But that was because this is not a remake. Stories (and styles) are quite different. Zu's story tells the story of the King of Heaven, the only fighter, whose master, Dawn, says his love for him but his life is taken from him and a monster called Insomnia. Two hundred years later, Insomnia returns, Dawn is awakened as Enigma, and Insomnia has repeatedly destroyed Zu. At the same time White and Red Notes will try, with the help of Sky Sky, stop Insomnia. The plan is not quite full, but you have enough information in it to be interested. But I can see this film as one you like or dislike. The film is very much about special effects, and many of them include several computer-generated settings, such as Storm Riders and Man named Hero. But unlike the other two, this film was one that does not get the picture and one thing was interesting. Nothing seems to run - different from the hero. The environment was extra for acting and not all of the power. The story also involves many characters and interaction with many people makes the film cheerful. It may have been close to 'many cooks', but generally the behavior of each one had its place in the story. But other responsibilities seem to be 'extended' in my opinion, and somehow I am left for a little asking the importance of this. Ekin Cheng and Louis Koo are doing important tasks in the middle of the film, but I couldn't say this film showed their best performances. Cecilia Cheung looks at least mature in her acting, but it's still crude. Kelly Lin was a new revelation for me. Despite her very short role, I apologize and accept it! Overall, I need to say, I enjoyed this film as I enjoyed 'nature'. Since both films are made by Tsui Hark's story, the two films are part of the history that shows how films in Hong Kong have changed over two decades. And one beauty of that is the fact that you can not completely compare two films, as well as apples are apples and pears are pears. At the end, both are a very enjoyable film in their own right. And I'm going to remind you of looking back again. <br /> <br /> Two look, but do not compare.
