What? have you ever felt like you are looking, if someone puts the tabs every time you do? Well, just remember before deciding to break the law, the FBI will be always there. At least that is the feeling you get after watching a crime game but little, the FBI story. It shows the roots of the organization from the small office to the most modern centers in the world (1959), by telling stories through the eyes of one of its agents, Chip Hardesty (James Stewart). <br /> <br /> The chip had a FBI from one day, and is glad to put his work on everything else in the world, even sometimes his family. The FBI story tracks his life by reflecting what he does as an agent, and how that one affects his personal life. The film has an amazing job of displaying the types of cases that the FBI uses and how they find them. The viewers get to see the chip violating Ku Klux Klan violations, going to undercover to solve the Indian / scandal scandal, bringing refugees to safety, rescue hostages, and helped fight in WWII. He also helped to deliver Communist spies fairly. Stewart, in a very good performance, is a stellar (as always) as a neurotic agent who loves his job maybe very little. One of the most beautiful parts of this film is that we get to see the domestic work of the family of the Chip and its work. We testify to her grief through the death of her best friend and then her son. We are also looking at his wife being pregnant, and his marriage is in rocky times. Almost all of its problems caused by the love of his work. Vera Miles provides wind performance, but it strongly convinces, none at all. He was never a talented actor, but there was always something very interesting and interesting for him. Maybe it's just me? Unfortunately, there are no other appropriate references to mention, but a careful story has made me very interested. <br /> <br /> The film of this film was amazing, especially events in the Southern American forest. All colors had an artwork that sets the film's status. Perhaps the most part of this film was the incredible direction of Mervyn Leroy. Each area was just dirty water they went together to tell a brilliant story. Faced with shots of skilled cameras, some feel the Hitchcockian feeling. All of them, FBI's story is an amazing film, but it is not ignored. Entering two and a half hours some viewers may be afraid, but if you get a chance I recommend you jump into this. I enjoyed the fascinating performance of Jimmy Stewart, and the interesting story.
