May and her husband visit their children and grandchildren. The visit is amazing because grandchildren and "children" do not look like they can expect. The temperature that should exist is missing. After dinner, the husband of May says she doesn't feel good, she complains about cooking her daughter, and says she wants to go home. He dies that night. Well, now, the widow, lost. He did not have a romantic or very interesting marriage, but he had a purpose. She had someone she needed, and even though her own needs had been successful for many years, she had something to do with her days. <br /> <br /> She is sad and was not strong. She is going to stay with her daughter, Paula, who shortly after her mother's arrival, tells her mother that she has not seen that her mother has given her a lot. He allows free and angry over the lack of his mother's crops. May seems to be armed and surprised, but also does not seem to have the energy or desire to make it true. "I am your mother and I love you." What? What does the truth say? (I have heard this from my mother's way very often and still do not know what it means.) Paula is a bit (well, more than a little) neurotic. All women are needy, although they show very different. Paula has been linked to a friend of his son, Darren, who is working in a home owned by his son. When Paula works during the day, May begins to have a conversation with dinner with Darren. Darren is a married man who lives with his wife because of their independent son, Nicky, but he thinks he doesn't live at home with his wife. May attracts Darren because she is good and enjoys the relationship they see. Darren is attracted to May because it offers a kind of peace and understanding that it is not available from other women in her life. (He also has a financial interest that May says he can give him "all the escape," though he doesn't care about joining him on the journey. , and she did not want to know again. For her daughter Paula had told her many times that she would leave Darren married, this would be part of May to prove that what she was doing was the same. There is one area in which he is having sex with an old man, who is very clear who can do, and is sad and surprising when we see a general overlook on May as he endures one contact. > Finally, Paula gets through very beautiful drawings made by her mother, in fact her mother and Darren have been doing sex <br /> <br /> this video will certainly appear he has many in many ways. Forgiveness is split. At one time, during Paula's writing group, May reveals through a short lesson that she felt like she hated her children at the end of the day, and would leave for the bed after bedtime, and make sure to return home before her husband. Obviously, a good mother does not think leaving children alone when she goes to the local pub. May, however, was also revealed earlier in the film that her husband did not want any friends, so she did not have any. He did what He wanted him to do. He was sad but he got into it because, as he said, "it was easy." Therefore, while May is not the best mother, for those who wished to have compassion for her, one could see the action of May as an act of a woman who wants to have sex and live for "a few minutes" in her life. A woman who just wanted to hear him, let him know as a human being, have a friend and partner. Paula, although it has no neurotic and fun, perhaps it has been that way because of the parents who raised her. In fact, it is not hard to understand why Paula feels totally betrayed by her mother. It is a well-designed, more complicated film than I have said, and indeed a person who leaves a viewer with many, perhaps opposes, the effect. It's a film worth talking and discussing, and above all, of the value to see. <br /> <br /> One thing the film leaves us is afraid and the fear of life alone. It does not matter who is considered "right" or who is considered to be "correct" by each viewer, the old age and loneliness, gives a sense of fear to many of us, cannot be avoided.
