When the names of the film have the word 'Mama', the first thing that comes to mind will be the mother's love for her children. However, Mama tells a different story. Mother does not talk about love between mother and child, or how she gives herself for the benefit of her child. Here, Notting Hill director Roger Michell tells us how a mother's love for someone around half of her age hurts people around her. Before Daniel Craig replaces James Bond, here, he plays Darren, a man who helps restore the house of the mother, and sleep with his daughter too. Anne Reid, who was a common face on a television series, takes on the role of the leading character of the behavior, May. The story begins with May to deal with the sudden loss of her husband, Toots, in a family visit to his son, Bobby. When he was a friend of Darren, a reorganizer at Bobby's house, he was shocked to see that his daughter, Paula, was sleeping with Darren. Meanwhile, May was facing life after the death of Toots. Fearing that Harry and Paula did not want, May he begins to get his life away, until he is in the afternoon with Darren. <br /> Darren was good and friendly in May, and May soon finds love on Darren. Instead of treating him as a friend, he treated the man who was about half of his age and the love of the couple. Later, in May, he found sexual pleasure from Darren, where he gave him a pleasure that he could not find anyone else. And this is the beginning of a disaster that can cause a family break. A woman looks at the inner world of a widow who wanted to try something that did not have her life, and comfort on someone who was there for her. This can be told from May to buy tea tea for Darren to meet sexual needs from a younger person than him, where he eventually gave him more than he did. Anne Reid has made progress for her role in May, as previously known for her different role in television series. Since they do not have too many movies in her career, Mom has placed a priority for the defendant. Daniel Craig, on the other hand, had the same position in his film work, such as Sylvia (2003) and Enduring Love (2004). If his disgusting role of James Bond fails, filmmakers should not forget that he has a better performance in low production years, and Mama is one of them. <br /> <br /> Mother cannot be the favorite of everyone, but it is definitely not your matinée size to go along with tea and scones, accompanied by butter and jam.
