What's a moving film. I have a friend who is in her 60's and 15 years ago has told me that people no longer see, and she wishes to fellowship. Being 40 years old I started to see what she has been complaining about. You are no longer a boy, good or can be touched. When May says "... this piece of body ..." wow. How our bodies change and how we are told not to be good again. I love when it begins to change what she wears ... scarf of color ... again a frumpy wife. <br /> <br /> It is a sad and wonderful picture at the same time. Unfortunately this month May she gives her daughter's faith ... good because she finds herself in trouble, and chooses to keep up with her life. I love the courage of character even to establish a love affair. I often love the movie because it is ultimately a picture that shows a good relationship, whether family or not. We see the weakness of Paula, yet she will have what she wants at all costs ... (when she tells the mother that she will have a child for Darren if she wants one or not after her mother asks if Darren even wants a child). The movie hits scores on how relationships can change, and still shows what has been there every time, stay. May has emphasized its creativity to increase the family. The family that did not want to, but was "something you did when you were younger". I like the area when Darren calls him the old fabric, and says and says "I've never been before". It was a movie of the movie. Daniel Craig. Yes, I just love him. I was very surprised. Not only is it pleasing to the eyes, he is a real talent. What a good chance. He is more than any 007 which is definitely and I hope to see him in the most roles of this nature. The area in which she enjoys May and looking at her is a wonderful kind of that she has authority over this woman, and is also happy to be able to give her this. He really enjoys giving him pleasure. Amazing location. The difference is the area of ​​love and Bruce. Bruce is completely bound with his own pleasure ... two men completely different. Alas ... I wonder where is my Darren?
