It is hard to imagine a director who can do the same as 'Notting Hill' removing something as sensitive and fascinating as this, but well, this is a proof and it really intends. Many have spoken at a television festival, and yes, this has seventy years of play for today to feel sometimes, but it's always cut on, especially I think from some of the most advanced functions from Anne Reid and a beautiful script which box-boxes with The shadow would find one on the nose, unless perhaps the right end. (I did not like to follow the track of different concerns through the hallway, nor was the last area of ​​the oh-what-good morning: he deserved more end to learning than that I think, after such a hard work. meditation). What I mean about avoiding the image: well, I for one I had the prospect of sinking that the "whole" daughter of May tries to strengthen and be healed with 2 dimensions as an old birth, in order to explain the most different and interesting geezer , young people are competing without knowing. Instead, we find an unexpected concern and anxiety, anxiety, not quite an absolute with most fellow humans, who still have no clue about impressing a woman. It was close to that point I started to sit and pay more attention. Here was a script that allows executives to breathe and do something interesting and small parts. Welcome to Mike Leigh in that respect (removing the available catharses that are unclear to meaning). And of course I was, like everyone perhaps was, suffering with what Anne Reid does with her behavior and body. He / she is not / is a "mother who is banned, a clever man is examining himself for the first time", this is very easy for the character we have. There is always a side effect that she was a "mother-in-law", not to mention something that she does with trays, trying to look and deserve and succeed only by looking. The daughter accuses her "sitting in front of the TV every day" instead of, well, whatever her mother's work can be thought to be: she has no answer. He was never a model of a wife and mother, at least not himself - that's where a lot of ignorance comes out, meaning someone who lost life trying to fulfill a role that was not good, forever.
