Children - of any age - do not want to know about the sexual life of their parents. And older children are often accused and surprised by any evidence that older parents have a living libido. In the end, most of the movie people are very impressed to see dowdy, a cheerful widow who will go unnoticed almost anywhere to discover its ability to hurt and the need for a strong desire and a good half-year-old man. "Mother" is looking at ineffective facts - a woman who is ready to stay at home, see "telly," and her plants after her husband of nearly three years, and control, leading shape to it, inserting it in May (Anne Reid) and her husband have two children, each one does not work in his own way. The son lives with a good wife who can take him to the Bank of Criminal and its infringing business. Paula (Cathryn Bradshaw), is a prospective teacher to succeed as a writer. She is attractive, not good, and seems to have a close relationship with the mother - at first. Return to his home after burying her husband, May decides to stay there. Resisting the casualties and his legacy of boring days and no adventure, he is going to stay with Paula who has a young child. Paula's friend, Darren (Daniel Craig), is a very good contractor who seems to take too long to complete the addition to the house of May. It can be taken entirely by a hard drink, coke-blowing Darren whose treatment of Paula should be told to May be, in fact, the Royal Academy of Cads. What happens next to the events of Darren and the supporters and now living (do I say I have been born again?) the widow. Love scenes are graphic but take second place to an amateur artist Pen of eggs and ink drawings of trysts which then have a role in the game of stimulating (or debacle, pick your pick) <br /> <br /> Theater in Manhattan was closed for today's day to show and more than half of the audience in May. That others were shocked or disturbed to see him engaged in a failure to fail in the hands of a very young person is reduced. This mistaken view of an older woman has awakened the enthusiasm after decades of submission to her husband's passion that she lives at home and raising children (also says she doesn't want to have friends-what guys) causes several issues. While the partnership of May and Darren does not include a marriage partner, there are actual psychological tests, and issues, and maternal mother's function. And Paula is not available with the most powerful things starting. These things, once revealed, allows to open the relationship of mother and daughter who, from Paula's perspective, left something needed. Mrs Bradshaw is the best in the role of a daughter who wants the help of her mother with her love-she did not have a terrible hand and life but not a bed of flowers. May is strong in solving both of them to accept his sex and expect, in fact demanding, the future of happiness. But he can also be infected. He pulls out of the senseless water. Who controls his relationship with Darren and why it is difficult for him to understand, much less to solve. In sixty years, she still works. "Gotta Giving Something" recently showed a culture of maturity but in an interesting way through amusingly ensuring no viewer was deleted. After all is Jack Nicholson and a beautiful Diane Keaton in the rich world. And to assure that there are no major social psychological issues investigated, Keaton's little girl, Amanda Peet, Keaton's daughter, not only blesses the match but ensures that the audience knows she and her old elder will love the sack. <br /> <br /> It's not easy here. Anne Reid's workforce is uncomfortable sometimes with respect to others. His naked body breaks down with some sex and it looks strange as something of physical attractiveness to others (view of viewers from today expressed all these views). Kudos for Roger Michell's director to deal with the amazing story and emotions and sympathy. <br /> <br /> 9/10.
