After SuperFriends and Scooby Doo left Airwaves on Saturday morning in the fall of 1986, I pretty much stopped watching Saturday morning cartoons at the time since those were just two of which I put tuning in. And since neither Real Ghostbusters or Flintstone Kids seemed to be very promising, I "retired" and started to sleep on Saturday morning. I just returned on Saturday morning TV in 1988 for just one year for one show and just one animated. The new Superman publisher was something that I could not pass. I was 17 and in high school at the time, but so! I loved this show. From what I can remember, this series was a gift for fans to think in Superman's birthday party that year. It had a music theme and music style to remind the movie of John Williams's film from Richard Donner / Christopher Reeve Superman. I honestly felt that the style of animation Ruby Spears made was a recall of the Powerful Super Power: Galactic Guardians series and Hanna Barbera a few years before. Sadly, Danny Dark did not return as Superman, but I felt Beau Weaver did a very amazing job as the voice of Superman and his Kent Clark was nerdy as the version of Chris Reeve. After hearing as Reed Richards / Mr. Good on Four Goods 90, I could see this version of Superman in my mind. Ginny McSwain as Lois Lane. LOL! What's rhyme. He was a sound director for Hanna Barbera and Ruby Spears and I think he took over himself to do Lois. Memories of SuperFriends exceeded this series when it came to sound on cast. Jimmy Olsen is Mark Taylor, who on SuperFriends was formerly Fire. Perry White is no other than the old Batman TV writer Stanley Ralph Ross, who on SuperFriends was Gorilla Grodd and Brainiac in a powerful show. And Lex Luthor, who is now a smart billionaire tycoon is not another than SuperFriends sound alum, Michael Bell, who knows me well as Zan and Riddler with many other characters in many other series. I felt that this series was a combination of Superman's movie with the post-John John Byrne view of Superman, and Lex Luthor as a billionaire tycoon, Jonathan and Martha Kent became alive seeing Clark as Superman. Bruce Timm and Lois and Clark will also do the same. Unfortunately, we have never seen Brainiac, Bizarro, Toyman, Metallo, or Darkseid. Other than Luthor, we saw only Prankster and we saw Great Zod. I enjoyed the same place with Wonder Woman, who was awarded by BJ Ward who played with her on the Top Force Team as well. These events were broken and I enjoyed growing stories and development from Clarki to childhood to an adult migrating to Metropolis in a small, Album's Superman's Family. Only two things I did not like. It lasted only one season. And after the visitor of Wonder Woman, I was hoping that Batman would turn over Adam West (Still thinking about the Team Super Force team I think). I was also optimistic because for the Prankster period, the Metropolis village team was beaten against Gotham's Goliaths. <br /> <br /> Every famous hero has one series of cartoon who is very rare. For SpiderMan, I feel it is a solo series of 1981 that supported at the same time as wonderful Friends. For the amazing Hulk, it's a cartoon of 1982. For Fourth Good, it's a series of 1978 and HERBIE Robot. For Batman, the New Adventures of Batman 1977 and Filmation with BatMite. But for Superman, a series of rarest is this. Superman and document books are not available or mentioned. This is another series that WB should explore for the release of DVD. For all, this 1988 edition of Superman is good .... Super!
