In the opening area, the eye with a desperado called Hawkeye has a soft forehead, but when he follows Johnny into a pueblo, he is shown with a scar on his round eye. That's just one more continuous continuity in this western spaghetti, but instead of leaving the picture, it adds a special taste to the case. This happens when Sanchez turns into his three dead bodies, they should investigate their identity - "You can't imagine how many false gifts we have in our city". Immediately, Carradine (Lawrence Dobkin) shows his collection of virtues without more than a suggested image. <br /> <br /> As head of film Johnny Yuma (Mark Damon), he is shown to his alternate holster on his right and left hip in all the movies after heading guns and Carradine next brawl of the barroom. Johnny is bound to San Margo on his uncle's request, but he will have to take revenge on his wife's wife Samantha (Rosalba Neri) and her good brother Pedro (Louis Vanner). It takes time to go there, but it's a fun journey with one of the best music tracks on record. As for fighting the saloon, I've got lots of kung fu sounds every time the punch is connected. <br /> <br /> Beware of a shortage of more stories? Following duel and Pedro the first time, Johnny removes a small amount of blood from his mouth where he can wait for Pedro's face. Similarly, Pedro hitting near Pepe a little later in the film he did not find it, but when Johnny came, Pepe's face was covered with blood. <br /> "Johnny Yuma" is probably one of the best types that does not have Clint Eastwood in it. Like Johnny, Mark Damon is standing for a really good but without outdoor exporters. Carradine appeared to be a substitute for Lee Van Cleef, without being an adult. For the first time, a change of identity between Carradine and Johnny did not seem to be meaningful, but all closed together while the film was finished. You know every woman could find her wind; Setting time for each other was a part of expectation. If you are wondering, the head of the head does not relate to the behavior of Nick Adams from the West "Listeners" District. In this film, Johnny got his name from the gunfight he had Yuma once. Perhaps the most unique feature of the story was related to the way that was blocked by the bad Samantha who drew the strings behind the events around. After the carradine shot he hits a quick break before Johnny can take revenge. Still alive, it looks like Carradine is trying to beat and miss, but it won't take long for Johnny and Sanchez to follow him on the dessert where he lost without water - Carradine recommended his cathedral.
