TENANTS started as a short novel of 1971 at the late Bernard Malamud - a writer / philosopher - to explore disputes between Jews and Americans in a hot Brooklyn situation when the book was written. If the story novel was made of modern disease: as written on the screen for David Diamond and Danny Green (also leading) it is more than translating to the brain that gradually gets into action at the end. Harry Lesser (Dylan McDermott) is a Jewish writer who has one book under his belt but is currently trying to finish his 'newest' book in ten years. He believed that he must complete the novel in the same setting where it started. he is the only tenant in Brooklyn supported by Levinspiel (Seymour Cassel) who tries to 'buy out' to hire Harry so that the dirty building will be destroyed. Within this scenario comes another author of an easy to fight Muslims Willie Spearmint (Snoop Dogg) who Harry is friends, hides, and helps the journalist attempt to talk about the death of all white people. Harry's attempt to help Willie lead the crisis, not the least of Harry's girl's meeting of Willie, a white Jew Irene Bell (Rose Byrne) in a friendly friendly group of Willie's military military. Willie and Irene are on skid and Harry gradually loves Irene and they plan to leave New York quickly Harry has finished his novel. When Willie hears about this work and is told more by Harry, Willie jumps up and begins the descent of friendship not only but also competition between writers. Finally 'it reflects the state of breathing of humanity, and human ability to abuse and eradicate'. <br /> <br /> The executives are doing better with the script which is a little bit but in spite of the written lines that until the preaching they create trustworthy characters. Style adds stories, set the dense mood and dense and especially locked to the building building. Music results should be used to use the jazz solo trumpet and piano of the blues to emphasize the tension and isolation of each of these non-core characters. Although it takes patience to do this through the brain ramblings, the last film is worth watching. At least you try to restore a look for the amazing Malamud life in the big city. Grady Harp
