I come to Pinjar from a completely different background than most of the other consultants who have set up here. I am new to audio and born movies and raised to the United States. So I don't have a great basis to compare Pinjar with other Indian films. Luckily, no comparison is needed. <br /> <br /> Pinjar stands itself if not under the jewel. <br /> <br /> In one line I can tell you that Pinjar is one of the most important films out of any studio anywhere at any time. With a mass appeal rate, * can * be similar to the Indian's "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" if it is fully developed in the United States. This can be a film that has sounded on the US map. The ongoing film of the United States has a long-term relationship with "Gone With the Wind", and when Pinjar does not borrow from the program there are some similarities. It is not the least that reduces (by American standards) the duration of the 183-minute run time. The woman bound by the environment and put in trouble she was not supported in building. Put in an impossible position, in some way not only to live, but to grow - and even grow. <br /> <br /> If the story lacks in any way, it is in the display. Puro's (the size of the character) grows as a person will be shown better - at least for western viewers who do not know the Indian culture - as the "back" story of his character was fully found in the beginning of the film. But that would have opened the 3-hour movie to 3 1/2 or maybe even more. Because it is not one minute of the lost film, and nothing made that really edited can be cut in time. Better that the audience should fill some of what has been done than to stop whatever remains. I could use many words to describe Pinjar: "poignant", "disruption", "forcing", "heartbreak" comes to mind immediately. But "strengthening" is probably the same as any of those. Any story that shows that the indomitability of the human spirit against the worst situation is considered as such. And Puro's victory - when unlikely possibilities for those around him - not under inspiration. For the power of the story alone I can't recommend this film enough. It encourages them the same as the show of Urmila Matondkar of Puro. Most often it is ignored in the midst of young teenagers, Urmila has a special ability to provide a reliable character in every role he plays. He not only do part Puro, he breathes life into character. The election of Manoj Bajpai as Rashid was revealed. He manages a very few things the Indian heroes can: trick. His command to speak and magic is important for the role. He brings more danger to the early part of the film and looks at him to fight than all who are struggling to fight with the sword together. If you only watch one sound video in your life, do it Pinjar.
