As the beginning of the leader of Jack Nicholson, Drive, He Said the exhibition at least that he is a talented director of actors. Even when the story may seem to lose its way to the audience (and to modern audiences - if they can find it, which comes again and again on eBay - it may seem more independent than it thought), the film is clear, interesting features. The film describes two college students: the main character is Hector (William Tepper, at break point limits), the Leopards star, the college basketball team. When she has to deal with the coach (Bruce Dern) who puts pressure on staying focused, and the girl (Karen Black) with her emotional problems, there is Gabriel (Michael Margotta), another child. Gabriel, it seems, is just a little more than being released out and likely to be written, and so in his own mind-state he does what he can to overcome. But if Hector tries to find a balance between his popularity and those who like it, Gabriel is going to the top of the sanitary threshold. Nicholson, the technical side of things, shows a fascinating style of continuous editing in the basketball screens, and using the dark in many other sensational features. And from Tepper, Black, and even Robert Towne (author of Chinatown, Last Detail, and Mission: Impossible among others, who rarely acts) he performs a reliable job acting. Although in Tepper there is a tendency to reduce his feelings. In some cases, for example, when he can act with great care, he does not like what is appropriate. From Margotta, on the other hand, there is a powerful, deviant force in its work, and when it comes out it is afraid, but perhaps it is understandable from time to time (and what peak). Dern stole many of his belongings, by the way, in the performance that you should make him a selection of Oscar. Each line of his conversation is correct, it is true, and it has never been created as in the recent coach training show. But what stimulates the film is that the features that involve the characters do not describe the extent to which one can desire more. The film came from a novel by Jeremy Larner, who wrote the script with Nicholson, and I expected that the film would be longer than it was. It is much less with a lot of information, about times, about the game, about the basic feelings that had those of young generations. Nicholson gives us and the characters with these conditions, and rarely is shown why they are incited (the protesters are not included, their part is understandable). Gabriel is troubled by what is going on in Vietnam, but what else? Hector, too, is a boy engaging in NBA writing, and still likes to play, but what is it? All of this is surprising, how the college / basketball experience held at the end of 60 was, but the attractive quality, caused by differences, is carried out to a point where it cannot go beyond. In general, the results of the film are generally pleasant, and somehow do not remember for its good points, and not less. And, of course, you can tell who is behind the lens every step of the way. B +
