Eric Rohmer of "Lady and Duk". could be used the best translation of the head. "Mother of English and Duk", perhaps, would be more accurate. Although this film is obviously not for everyone, based on the views on this platform, it is important to look at that despite the beautiful structure of the story, Mr. Rohmer has created a movie that can be seen as an art exhibition in museum. The combined technology used in the film, eventually, works well. The wonderful story of Grace Elliott, a beautiful woman who was the mother of the British king and Duk d'Orleans French, expresses our thoughts. The layout is Paris during the following days the French Revolution. The country was in shock and power was in the hands of the people, who could not care little for the chiefs. The pictures show the consultants riding around the heads of famous people after their trip to the guillotine. Grace / Duc's relationship with Duc has ended, but still has a true friend for a good man who is in danger, himself, to lose his own head. Grace goes through all the fears around her without being able to escape. He even has an enemy in his own home, in the form of a cook, Pulcherie, who can not hesitate to blame him for a little bitterness. Watching the film, sometimes, gives the viewer one sensation that goes through Louvre to look at the little ones that show this important moment of French history. Instead of being distracted by the digitization process, we have found it to enhance the film in many ways. Lucy Russell, like Grace Elliott, does her best to show this lady who has seen a lot during her life. His French seems to be better, as it seems fit. As Duc d'Orleans, Jean Claude Dreyfus made a positive contribution to make us believe that he is himself a noble without any effort. Your support was also good. As a piece of collective Mr. Rohmer gets the most beautiful performances around. <br /> <br /> For lovers of history, "Lady and Duke" will be an interesting movie to watch thanks to Eric Rohmer's vision.
