This is a totally amazing film. Using digital technology, director, Rohmer, has ever convinced its executives living in the background color. This often works carefully, especially at the beginning where the film is like a pop up story book. It does not compare success in a few cases, where it reduces camera angles (they have not built on some of the buildings for example) but it is a very interesting way of historical film which is a lot about our improper ideas and a brief view of history as the history itself. It is reported by the old memoirs of Duc d'Orleans, Grace Elliott. Therefore, a typical event is claimed as one of their own and Marxist historians, especially in France, here it is told from the perspective of a faithful foreigner. Then different perspectives occur — which may be no representation of the target. The use of a memoir device gives the film a better film instead of testing. Personally, I have seen the line of the story next to the death of the most interesting king. The king of power is amazed when Duke voted for the death of the King (the basic knowledge of the French Revolution is probably worth a conversation between Grace and Duc here. He was a cousin of Louis and chose Parliament, where he changed his name to Philip's equality ). The description of Louis's death is good. Grace and your maid Meudon, out of Paris, looking from the hill and telescope. We don't see violence, we just hear the definition of a maid, like Grace. A great revolutionary event appears on the screen. Grace cannot tolerate his king to be killed. His opinion is the aristocrat. Any rights to Louis's death are more realistic than his vision. This is a powerful, making very intelligent movies. The story of love between duc and Grace has been introduced, has not been told, and has the power to move (th Duc's little bit of a common fool sometimes, what does he find in it? No accounting for taste). Lack of fraud (living just enough to be a suspect) that gives birth to people as well as when such a revolution is shown if Grace's life goes down, her house is looking every day, but she still commands her servants to feed her and cannot cover herself! If you have any interest in the trick, a well-known film, using a new technology to use an old story, or a momentary representation in European history was listed by a foreign foreign woman, who was a last visitor, then this is worth your time. It's slower in places but your patience has found a lot.
