As many Americans, I started to get the work of Hayao Miyazaki when I saw "Spirited Away." I loved the film and I have seen many times. Now I am looking for every movie with Miyazaki. One of his original works is "Castle in the Sky." Although it is still fun, it is not as good as "Spirited Away" (although this comparison or any film with its masterpiece 2002 is perhaps right) mine at the end of one night, when he saw the girl fall slowly from the sky. When he gets up the next morning, he identifies himself as Sheeta (Anna Paquin). But Sheeta has a secret, and before you know it, Pazu is pulled into an adventure that will send him in danger with the pirates, the army and the lost city surrounding. Entering the film with Hayao Miyazaki means you can expect one thing: a wonderful feeling and magic. Many filmmakers have tried, but no one can create a sense of magic and fear like Miyazaki. Watching the film with Miyazaki is as it is experiencing a fantastic dream since your childhood. Because the film is full of animation, watching the movie is not a big problem because it is difficult to determine whether or not the oral movements match up words. It also helps that the translated conversations are well written and made by talented actors. Voice sounds are different. James Van Der Beek travels better. He brings an incredible enthusiasm and excitement for Pazu's position which is perfect for character. Anna Paquin is very close like Sheeta. He is afraid of events happening around him, but he knows what he should do. Mark Hamill is unknown as a bad Muska. She is dangerous and wants something from Sheeta, and will do anything to get. Another sound is bad. Cloris Leachman is as bad as the Empire. Leachman can win Oscar for "The Last Picture Show," but he is angry as a pirate leader. Leachman gives the character a non-emerging squawk which almost always likes. It's very bad to destroy the film! Jim Cummings is an effective voice actor, but he declares himself as a superior. <br /> <br /> I would like to see "Castle in the Sky." I probably ended up buying myself. But though not as good as "Spirited Away," it is still very good.
