Based on his native Japanese name of LAPUTA (since the words of the refusal, something that Hayao Miyazaki's director was not aware at the same time), CASTLE IN SKY is the third film of animator, and is one of his all-time lovers. Initially the despair office box in its release in 1986, has been accepted by critics and viewers around the world. Directed by Jonathan Swift of "Gulliver Tours", CASTLE IN SKY is a story of volunteer action for orphans - a young boy Pazu, and a wonderful girl Sheeta (who is wearing a magic mirror on her head) to find the lost island of Laputa , which is used to have enormous wealth and jewelery. They are assisted by the pirate-haired pirate band that is led by a decent emperor (who first deprives them, still being true followers) and followed by a government led by its highest secret agency, Muska, who wants the power to overpower it . For anyone looking for an exciting way to spend two hours, this film is the best choice, with the right level of humor, observation, wonder, and secret set one interested. The diagram, though not as surprising as in some of the future Miyazaki films, is wonderful and beautiful enough to watch with characters and creative sites and plots, exciting exciting buttons, and a fun flight system that will make a person feel giddy. And when the characters that include this story are more difficult than any other work in Miyazaki, everyone has a memorable, interesting character that sits with the viewer long after the film. The dollar, in particular, makes the character of a strong comic, screaming for its children dimwitted for one time and becoming the next Sheeta protection. Muska is one of the creation of Miyazaki's makers who has never been an inevitable villain, but as a Empire, he orders every area that has had a good charisma which is interesting and warm. The image of the image is often compared to this film on the Gainax series of sci-fi NADIA adventure: IN THE BLEU WATER. After all, they both work in the same way as the stories and characteristics of the character ... without mentioning that both were created by Miyazaki himself. Where all the differences are in their implementation. NADIA, even though it has not changed substantially, suffered in a turn in its mid-step, into the shortage of cartoonish which all were misled by the main plot, even though it had a sharp end. CASTLE IN SKY, on the other hand, remains entertaining and focusing at its two-hour run, and it is much better. While the film's epic film is sometimes broken and at some point of "cartoonish", as the shawl between the boss Pazu and one of the sons of the Empire, has never disappeared with the film. About eleven years ago, Disney gave an English version that had great names such as James van der Beek, Anna Paquin, Cloris Leachman, Mark Hamill, Mandy Patinkin and other exhibitions that appeared with defenders such as Tress MacNeille and Jim Cummings. It also has a reworking arrogance of the music logo of Joe Hisaishi's performance for the performance by the Seattle Music Orchestra (for amazingly, the person behind the rescore is another except the composer himself). Also, the vendors had insulted him over this version for his extra-regular talk and rescore mentioned earlier, Miyazaki had no such problems; In fact, he is said to have thanked the reworking, and for good reason, because the new music restored is a new dub star. Although there are some instances where filling silent silence events from the original Japanese is a little jarring (especially trips through the clouds of storm affected by the dragon), reworking is generally fantastic and in many ways improves on nature, especially in events such as The robot fights the castle and the last time towards the end. Here, Sociology shows her music and skills for comparing music with pictures. <br /> <br /> In addition to the exhibition in the dub go, the guide may be the end of the stick; James Van Der Beek's quest seems to be more mature than his behavior, while Sheeta Anna Paquin is speaking of an abnormal force that is constantly changing (a problem that works for character). He said, all of them are doing a good job in general and providing a very reliable chemistry. It is a motivation to help, however, which makes this joy so great, especially the Cloris Leachman and Muska's Mark Hamill. They are all beaten and robbed everywhere they are; like and again, these two really listen to him listen to Disney. The script importation has limits on the non-timeline on time - there are extra lines and / or definitions (some of which are very strange and some caused by some) - but aside from at least one changing (Sheeta speech in damage The greatest "world cannot live without love" contrary to nature "you cannot live away from the Mother of the World"), the general characters, stories, and spirits remain faithful to nature. In general, there is a small amount of comparison of Disney version to track the original language; each puts their own stamp on this story, and I love both. (They are also much better than a casino / JAL of more real but for the robotic fear, without life, abysmally wrote dub since late 1980s, do not believe anyone says this version is "best" Disneys - trust me, the opposite is true. ) <br /> <br /> Anyway, though, you can't go wrong with CASTLE IN SKY. It's one of all the time of Miyazaki, and I strongly recommend.
