The first of the official Ghibli film, Laputa is similar to its founder of Nausicaa, but when Nausicaa was the attraction of the SF, this is more than a pleasant act of skill and the foundation of the weak SF. The first half of the movie I thought I would love. Once again you see yourself with the fear of Miyazaki's attention, and its ability to free the world of thinking to the most wonderful, beautiful. Animation, though not yet in Ghibli's future films, is better than Nausicaa. I have spoken in my opinion of Nausicaa that one character is done in the anime 'Lupinesque' style. Here is a whole group of them: pirates. They provide a comic feature in the film, although why it requires a comic element that I don't know. There was nothing interesting about Nausicaa, and I think it was better for it. Still. said that, the dollar, the leader of the pirate, is a very simple character remembered in the film (even though she is a woman Long John Silver female). . The English voice has prepared well for the most part, in fact. However, something started to begin to develop a focus on this film and half the mark. I think the best way I could describe is that the characters get a big swallow of the story. I will come back later. There is a lot of fun about Laputa, and many people like to love, that I almost don't feel the sense of just giving out 10, but for me the operating word here is 'love'. It was more amazing than personal effects, and for more than two hours it began to fly. The most important thing to me is this: I have seen the fact that I don't care too much about the characters. Disney would have taken care of developing the characters, making them fall to them, instead of leaving them as two pieces around when you get amazing vistas on the film. However it would have been enabled if there was a hard SF in the story to make it, but it was basically a lot of gobledegook about kings and magic crystals. That's where it goes off and I'm worried, and that's what prevents 10 screens from 10. After saying this, we must admit that Miyazaki was a league in front of Disney in general, in 1986, when you think that their movie year The same was the worst 'Detective Mouse Detective'. <br /> <br /> Laputa is a good film in some way an amazing film, and you should definitely see it, but I feel it's on rated. I certainly prefer the 'Nausicaa of the Wind Wind'. BTW, if you can look at the tribal order, see a spoon of sauce from Nausicaa going on a short time in Laputa.
