The castle in heaven is undoubtedly the film of Hayao Miyazaki. After seeing it for the first time, I am happy to say that it is not good. Instead, you get the value of your time, which means (why the Miyazaki films are worried), that's not too low! Created early in his movie work, Castle in Sky expects many trademarks on his future movies, and powerful characters (but young), were forced to grow because of external conditions, helped out very interesting (and sometimes popular) to help the characters. And, of course, the usual natural war against civilization, jumping machines (lots of lots!), Beautiful painting? but not, no pig (at least I have seen, after all I saw immediately). Never a little, Miyazaki had found her first years of two years ago, with Nausicãa, which was a dress practice for Princess Mononoke, magnum opus. The cage in heaven is slightly deposited from these two, with a smooth line of the first 30 minutes, which corresponds to the Conan series of TV series, and the best channels of Meitantei Holmes. Here we are brought by the Sheeta, a girl who falls from heaven, just found by Pazu, a young man working in a small mining town. She was attracted to her amnesia and accusing her relationship with the wonderful city of Laputa, Pazu is installed to help her know where she came, while avoiding the army and a group of air pirates. As the movie progresses, the plot gets heavier and more attractive, revealing Myiazaki for its potential. The voice of the voice reminds them of the Spirited Away, (or vice versa, if the Castle in the sky was released first), and such as its director, Joe Hisaishi _ composer - begins with a very light color, which becomes more difficult and well-suited if the plot goes ahead! The text for English dubbing, and a good commentary from two leading stars, though Shea Anna Paquin has a very high priority (which the actor had at that time in her work), and stands for Mark Hamil as Muska, pretending to be a happy person but there is a devil! Do not miss these people!
