The second film of Hayao Miyazaki, and its first being very popular with trade and largely (although its beginning - Nausicaa AKA Warriors of Wind is considered by many best fans), 'Tenku and Shiro Rapyuta' AKA 'Castle in the Sky' can seem to be young and very simple compared to its latest technicians as 'Kiki's Delivery Service', 'Mononoke-hime' and 'Spirited Away', but in 1986 it was many years before its time and it was one of the modern stages of modern anime. It is important to remember that the 'Castle in the Sky' was done two years before the 'Akira' revolution, and when it is not stimulating and controversial as the original masterpiece, the leading characters are all the core characters of the hero / heroine / villain, and the story is quite predictable and open (at least for today's standards), Miyazaki designs and animation functionality are entirely new levels. While stories and humor are slightly silly and outdated at times, the film is still very entertaining and very enjoyable - if not as breathtaking as 'Spirited Away'. And if you allow yourself to see the beauty of the files themselves and ignore the background color and animation with similar twin faces - at this time Miyazaki is still rooted in its roots and standards of Japanese photo - you will see the Miyazaki administration shine like you do on 'Spirited Away' and Mononoke. When 'Castle in the Sky', being a sci-fi adventure and very suitable for kids, fits in more comfortable with the classic anime than anything else he has ever done since, motifs and its principles still show and play an important part. To say much more will destroy the movie, so I will cling to kindness. Suffice it to say that I'm giving you just nine stars because if I gave him ten I couldn't go any on 'Spirited Away' and 'Princess Mononoke. And that would be a fault <br /> <br /> As in many anime movies, I recommend checking the Japanese version with English subtitles, even if you don't say a Japanese word -. English overdubs just don 't tend to be very good, and in this case it's just awesome. You may want to check it in the English version once, though, just for laughs, and for cast star filled (dub English was just a memory following the success of 'Spirited Away', as was the case with 'Kiki's' service delivery) - Anna Paquin and James Van Der Beek (Yeah, a Dawson boy!) Fill the lead roles, Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker from 'Star Wars', if you don't know it is filled with Andy Dick, Tres MacNeille (The Simpsons, Rugrats, Animaniacs. .), Michael McShane (Friar Tuck from Kevin Costner's Robin Hood travesty) and Mandy Patinkin (Okay, my name is Inigo Montoya ...) laugh, or a few few laughs. But look at one of the first Japanese.
