Listen to the sound of the voice at this time, the pictures are returning to the open which makes my keen eye focus (so that you can write this). I have seen it twice now, and it should be embarrassing to see * just * twice. I have seen all the films of Miyazaki & Ghibli Studio, and not under practice (except for Nausicaa which was, even in the version of refusal is not earlier compared to nec-plus-ultra manga). However, their strength is sometimes weak, because they are very ignorant (Chihiro), or, with more dirt, are also very clear and fair (Mononoke). At least, compared to another Ghibli master Takahata (Grave of Fireflies / Only Yesterday / Raccoon Wars). But not this. In Laputa, Miyazaki offers all the brilliant stories that storytellers have gathered and achieved over the years, with a little ethical, but it is well observed and not just a typical atmosphere, but also for humor. and amusement for example Totoro. Each of the main characteristics is fully reflected in their doubts and fears and their qualities that help them to overcome problems. The pacing is perfect that I do not know anything except a black hole which will be able to use such smoked pull on your being all. This story sets forth as a point of depicting the mysteries, but when a girl falls from heaven, she does not know, with a stone, and a great head is hit, you get a great mystery of the learning that you learn, but the story depends on a step-by-step, on several cases of carefully selected by serene, builds in their unfamiliar end of hope, hope, beauty - like, the following days of darkness, and finally see the horizon of the sun, knowing the way of walking, seeing the distance, but thrilling to the reality of the be able to get on the spot. It's like ignoring the white light in the fufu skull that if at the time the credit makes you keep your eyes dry and your mind is located, you should see a specialist. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that technically-image-wise Miyazakis more recent could be greater, this for me is still an unknown masterpiece. If you take the second part to realize that this has been done back in 1986, you can only come to the conclusion that Hayao Miyazaki is a professional as a once-off star every 200 years. This has been suggested earlier, but for me this is the only film that can, for alone, showing this simple fact. If you have lost this time in your life, you will die a great gap - which may be sympathetic, if the coffin is the same.
