What? Have you ever wanted to avoid your good and difficult life at school or work and go to your own magical adventure, and your closest friends on your side, with all the dangers and all kinds of danger, and unlocking the secret of lost civilization that awaits someone to discover all his secrets? Even if you are not the amount of a fantasy partner, have you ever just wanted to know what it is like to be a child again, and you don't care about the world, for just a few hours? That is exactly the "Miyazaki castle" of Miyazaki refers to. Pazu, a small but bold and proud engineer, lives a rustic life in a mining town until one day, a girl named Sheeta falls down from the sky like an angel and takes her on a journey to a distant place of clouds, while all of them have pirates and units military fire on their way. Just put it, it's just an amazing adventure that every baby's dream of one time or another, and I can't help but feel my anxiety to eliminate every time I see. If it's one of the former Miyazaki jobs and take a great place in the daily world, the film is not interesting or deep in its story as a distant spiritual, hog, or even Princess Mononoke. However, I find it hard to say that any film is better than the other, since all these films are, at some point or another, mysterious to the point of being strong, if not worried, especially for the smallest audience. "The Castle in the Sky", on the other hand, is not too hard to be an example of any kind, and not a story of age or age; it is quite the possibility of one of the best internal indices of the child I ever seen. It is not just a beautiful artwork, but the use of view from the eyes of children is just amazing; if it is a "camera" clip to see big trees or high clouds, or a high sense of height from looking down or sea when hundreds of feet in the air, I can't help but feel like I'm with Pazu and Sheeta, a child only in another world, far from the truth. Even children do not have a difficult relationship that shows the need for hope like Ashitaka / San or Chihiro / Haku; Sheeta is an angel of Pazu, fallen in his life from heaven one day, a perfect man for him from the beginning. As the film goes on, their true spirit of childhood comes through their words of grace and good words. It is not just a reminder of who I was, but their wonderful friendship will not enable you in the whole film, growing stronger until the end. For this reason, I have come to love with two of them more than me and the other couple of Miyazaki. At the same time, "Castle in the Sky" is a easily accessible film because it doesn't matter what kind of movie movie you can be, you will be sure to get a fix on it here. Secrets, action, drama, comedy, doubts, sci-fi, romance, even west ... all here, almost everything people go to movies for (except perhaps fear). This is why I can easily recommend as the first movie of Miyazaki; it is perfect for those who do not expect from having already seen the incredible weakness of some of its recent work. Even the last song of the film, when translated into English, provides a sense of longing for the discovery of some kind of lost civilization, and some kind of soul-mate, which could not be found in our ordinary life. "The reason I want so many lights is that you're in one of them ... The world around you, it carries you, it catches all who will come." Miyazaki has always given poetry lyrics to make the last songs from Joe Hiasashi's amazing symbols, but this is the only one I have seen as a song of touching love and an interesting dream. I found myself near tears when we listened. The "Heavenly Castle" can not be a work of a more developed, attractive, or meaningful, but it is absolutely perfect for what it really meant to be: a true vision of childhood fantasy, and A wonderful escape from the truth for adults who would like to have the same meaning of the ideas they had when they were little children without worry. Sit back, relax, and love for what it is.
