It is always difficult to put a stamp on any film as 'better,' if it is all the time, some kind, or what it is, but I believe that a strong argument can be made in fact, Laputa is the most popular film made. It is in my mind the main task of Hayao Miyazaki, the most talented of the Japanese directors, and attracts its capabilities as a director, journalist, and composer, and also to incorporate each of its basic themes. The version I look at is the US dub of the United States (I know, the desire for the fan of the hard anime is not looking at its native language); there is at least one other English language outside, I have on VHS (I do not know from the source), and this version is one of the best I have ever encountered any film. But I thought it is good to consider the people of the version who can get it. Laputa tells the story of a boy named Pazu (shown by James Van Der Beek here), who grows in a mining town when a little girl named Sheeta (Anna Paquin) comes out of the sky. It seems to be followed by a bad government agent, Colonel Muska (Mark Hamill), who is very interested in a magical glass that is based on his neck. In order to set things well, there is also a group of bad pirates after the mirror, led by old age but is still a dollar (Cloris Leachman). This program surrounds the ability of the mirror to hide the location of the flight plan of Laputa, most likely of scientific knowledge and hidden treasures. It is a lot of things according to the story of the story, but Miyazaki knows exactly how to take the story, and the plot is faced with a "gosh-wow" and closed its traditional values ​​and warnings about the abuse of natural power. The design work on Laputa, nearly twenty years later, is still a revolution. Each type of flying machine is full, not quite possible but effectively designed to be able to accept without knocking. The world is put in place at the beginning of the twentieth century, and the telescope and old cars with these amazing flying machines. But it is the city itself which is very transparent in implementation; It is the Garden of Eden and the Fire of Heaven itself, and in its juxtaposition lies its power, its power, and its danger. Besides being a transparent and beautifully filmed film, it has been blessed with good sense of movies. From the fastest hit by jumping on small pieces of one person to the ships coming into the clouds as if it were water, it erupts the scope of many films? even with the CGI magic? it can only around the top. Although we only see a small part of this world, its simple scope passes beyond the boundaries of the shape and we have no difficulty believing it. The film also has one of your favorites, if not the most exciting, the works of an ever-lasting: robot's guardian that has fallen to the Earth has been destroyed and destroyed the fortress, while trying to protect Sheeta (who was the one who rose up). At the same time, Pazu and pirates enter their small flying machines to evict him, in fact, from the jaws of destruction. From the horrible sight of the robot making it by the country for the second exciting rescue, the whole sequence is the cornerstone of time and camera and know exactly how to take the audience. It helps that Laputa has amazing features. Actor Joe Hisaishi takes the wonderful beauty of this world, incredible evil, exciting action, and the amazing humidity of the city of flying and its fantastic providers of robot. Although he wrote again for the release of this DVD (which IMO is not an improvement on its natural logo), and adding pieces here and there, the symbols resemble all the images, the common unity of sound and vision. <br /> This is not bad. I am very fond of old English, and this describes only things in the spots, but I was almost shaken as these sounds were similar to those (and they are similar to Japanese.). The dollar is particularly difficult to find the right, but Leachman looks like a hot-fire woman (her children are not exactly the same as nature). Paquin does a good job like Sheeta, and Mark Hamill, when I knew that she had been early, it was more than enough talent to make Muska (I liked another English muska, but good Hamill). Many of the films depend on the shoulders of Pazu, and Van Der Beek is wonderful. Listening to me makes me think these workers should have other opportunities for English, because VDB is very similar to the original Pazu. Although no longer looking for dub are the reasons for the migration of the otaku, as I like this film, I don't think you are offering a great sacrifice just by looking at this Anglicized version. John Lassiter's Pixar puts it in front, and my doubt is like him, like many others, likes this very film that he tried very much to ensure its quality. Miyazaki has succeeded in the United States in recent years by Spirited Away and Mononoke (one of his few films that I did not care about), but to me I will still have his crown success. Anyone who knows his future work will be happy to enjoy this original work, and again, this film is a master on his form to beat every cylinder. I would like to pay big money to see this on the big screen; when it probably will never happen, it's good to know that at least this classic is stored on DVD.
