You have now heard a little about the new dub of Disney's old movie Miyazaki, Laputa: Castle In Sky. During the summer of 1998, Disney gave a "Kiki Delivery Service" on a video that included a preview of the duta to say it because of "1999". It's definitely changed the way that year now, but the dub has been finally completed. And not "Laputa: Castle In The Sky", just "Castle In The Sky" for dub, since Laputa is not a very good word in Spanish (although they use the word Laputa often in dub). You have also heard that the world's famous composer, Joe Hisaishi, who scored the original movie, came back to the best music and new settings. Laputa came in front of my neighbor Totoro and after the Nausicaa Valley of Wind, which started Studio Ghibli and is a long string of hits. And in my opinion, I think it is one of the best Miyazaki films with a powerful lesson that emerges within two to four minutes. Laputa: The Castle in the Sky is a film for all ages and I encourage everyone to see it. <br /> <br /> For those unknown to the story of the Castle in the Sky, it starts right at the beginning and is not recommended for the next two hours. Writing stories is so useless and skillful, you see a true vision of Miyazaki. And believe me, it's one wonderful one. The movie begins with Sheeta, a young girl behind when she was arrested by the government on the plane. Sheeta has the key to Laputa, the cage in heaven and the long-lost civilization. The most important thing for Laputa is the holy time that he is looking for most, namely the government, the military and the air pirate group, the Empire (who Sheeta and Pazu later are friends). Recently, the pirates attack the ship and he saves during the invasion. He falls a few thousand feet, but the fall is soft and thanks for his time. While descending from heaven, Pazu, an orphan who lives in mines, sees Sheeta and seizes him. The two are the fastest friends, but thanks to its proposal, the two are found in one of the most exciting trips as the Empire and the government is trying to capture Sheeta. The sequence of one step after another, we learn the motives and identity of all the character when we build on the emotional climax and the act that certainly certainly everything is an amazing animation and good discussion. Probably very surprising. I think this film is very strange and holds about two and four hours of flight. The story is wonderful, when we take pictures in Hayao Miyazaki animation which has no boundaries. Film layout is a period of time. It seems to be in the late 1800s, but it is another world that causes technology and weapons. Laputa is also an amazing amazing film. Film has tons of hilarious time, almost the same as the game and action film holds. I think part of the funniest is a fighting area where the boss of Pazu faces against the pirate, and after the friction starts. It's funny if we see men comparing their strengths and music is absolutely good and quite. <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about how dub levels. Casting best offer good performances to bring these characters to life. The heart of the young man James Van Der Beek plays Pazu's hero, who has a more mature voice then in the Japanese version, where in the past appeared as a child more. Any way, I think his voice is similar to Pazu. Anna Paquin, the Oscar winner from "Piano", plays Sheeta. This is also a good performance, but the sound is not good, he does not really live for one concept. Sometimes it looks like America as an apple pie, but sometimes it looks like someone from New Zealand. The work I enjoyed so much was Coris Leachman, who played Mama Empire. It's not just the best performance, but the voice and feeling fears the character brings in fact. If there was a live action of Laputa movie (G-d does not accept), he is the one who will play with him, you can only imagine him in a role (well, somewhat). Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamill is Muska, and this is the highest level of Hamill performance. You can be aware of the Hamill from a long time of sound work after making the first movie Star Wars, but it makes Muska worse. His voice sounds like his usual voice and combine Joker, who played for many sessions on the Batman series. From outside is the executive character of Jim Cummings, who does a great job, as a general work with Andy Dick and Mandy Patakin as members of the Empire group. Now I would like to talk about what makes this special dub, the music of Joe Hisaishi's new design! For those who have never heard of him, Mr. Hisaishi is doing music and like all the Miyazaki films, the music does not remember. Each of its symbols has its own person that fits a particular film perfectly. Now, this new settings that you have made are more than "America as", which I think was the goal of a new record. Don't worry, the classic tunes of the Japanese version is still here for a great form. Score, to me, it seems organized as this is a blockbuster of Hollywood. It has more power, it has more emphasis, it is clear and more. The film program, the first seconds we are brought to the plane, has new music (I don't know, but I believe when we saw the first ship there was even a little music). But most of the music you have new backdrops and more background music enjoy. Things seem to be greatly enhanced. In the power area, the music has more power then in previous versions. In a quiet area, it is more quiet. In general, I think most of you will be interested in new combinations of the mix, I made a lot of my soul, and personally think it helps to improve the film. I love new symbols on the past, and I hope Disney will remove or license music rights to the sound full sound. <br /> <br /> Another with the side of the dub is that the story remains faithful, and a lot of original Japanese lines are intact. In cricket, I am sure a few verses have been changed, and this is the same way, the lines have been changed. But most are near or especially the original lines and the Miyazaki dialogue has written. I was afraid of good lines would have been laughing, but they were there. Some of the new lines have been added which also help out. But I don't know if considering this matter or something bad, Disney did not translate the last song, it was in Japanese. I was dismayed when they made new songs to the Kiki dub, but for this version is the original song ... in Japanese. So I think it's good yet it's original, but it's bad since many people see this dub saying English. There is a very low side of this dub, and it deals with how the sound resembles characteristic lips. Of course in any dub will not be perfect, but I think in Kiki and Mononoke dubbing the match line was smoothly (and Disney had a little more time with this one ...). Some time everything is perfectly matched, sometimes it does not make a perfect match, and in an unusual way, someone says something and lips are not completely open (there is a place where the Sheeta blows and her mouth does not like a single argument.) In addition to things about the film itself, these are my thoughts. I thought the most amazing part of Laputa was an animation. From the opening to the end, animation is beautiful and deep, you have to look with fear. You see the true nature of each character, a true description for their face and ups next to the action. You should give a tons of loan to the efforts that these authors put in this film. Everything is done well and with a good hand, resembling a piece of art. And imagine, this was done in the mid-1980s. The animation is quite different from Disney, Ghibli has its distinctive difference which is very different, but very good. And after all these years, the color looks as strong as it is. It also has tons of action mechanisms, lots of airplanes and fewer birds on the ground. This process is being done well and is so happy, it is afraid that it is the same as the big film budget implementation. And the end is the only thing you have to see. Sound effects are clean and normal with an appropriate explosion, firing guns and everything else. And like all the Miyazaki films, each one considers different themes (e.g. kiki: courage). He has a great lesson on passion and power. People don't realize how greed can take over you, and how much power is not good. People are interested in power, and they have a desire, and a great villian, Muska, very much reflects this. <br /> <br /> For all, Laputa: Castle In The Sky was a great film to start and now improved for many parts. I wonder how many viewers now have the opportunity to see this animation film in all glory. With a great voice released who put a lot in the film and the best color of music from Joe Hisaishi, Disney has done a good job on this dub and is absolutely worthy. Although I think the sounds resemble the fingers of Kiki and Princess Mononoke Disney, the Castle In Sky is still a big dub and fits for a long time because now more can attract a wonderful film.
