Regardless of the personal opinion that a person may have of Walowan Borowczyk with a very good "La bête" of 1975, one needs to admit that this amazing gem is a unique experience of movies. The fairy tale of Borowczyk was banned in several countries for a long time, and it is obvious why this gem of controversy was invented by the censors of remarkable films. "La bête" is a fascinating mix of good and beautiful fairy text, a very clear artistic and real weaknesses who boldly refuse to consider. The fact that fornication (of type) is one of the main themes of the film would certainly not help with censeors, but it made it very controversial and therefore known to a broad audience. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> / Guy Tréjan, head of the royal family of France, has prepared his beautiful son Mathurin (Pierre Benedetti) to marry Lucy Broadhurst (Lisbeth Hummel), a young and beautiful family of a rich English family. Due to the old curse, Mathurin's uncle (Marcel Dalió) is opposed to the wedding. When Lucy and her mother came to the French property, Lucy immediately got a picture of the 18th century Romilda (Sirpa Lane), and an old book that shows amazing drawings. A recent story comes in the fantastic fantasy of the flu ... Without giving too far, I can say that fans of exclusive movies should not think of this film. As strange as it is, "La bête" is of course too good for fashion, settings and movies. Fever-like state of the dream is in and out of the dream system. The real estate of a forest and an attractive family home is a beautiful environment, with a beautiful scenery and an amazing exhibition builds a beautiful atmosphere of this wonderful story. The definition of gender is very clear from female fraud (prestigious feminine, disgusting actors) very seriously and even by ignoring (almost-ups for sex horses during sex, ...); in any case should not forget. The entire source of "La bête" is amazing and all involved present good performances in Hebrew characters (some of which are very large). The advantages of films from the best unique, are Lisbeth Hummel who led, the Finnish actor Sirpa Lane (sadly died in Aids in 1999) as a grandfather in a dream, or an unknown actor but especially loved Pascale Rivault, who has a female pastor who takes the opportunity to have sex with a black servant in the cup. <br /> <br /> I deliberately do not give a full explanation of the most important part of the plot as they should only be considered reliable. Other events are among the most remarkable of being infected on film, events and "special" animals among them. Certainly not a cup of everyone's tea, but it was highly recommended for fans of non-controversial and unusual movies. Gem of true worship!
