La Bête's Polish films of the Walerian Borowczyk (French, 1975, aka The Beast) are among the most controversial and brave films that have been done and also very good. This film describes everything that is hidden and rejected about our nature and our sexual nature especially with the symbol and silence of its images. Photos can be seen wild, evil, "sick" or exciting, but they all relate to the last mentioned. Sex, desire and death are very powerful and fundamental elements and dominate the whole body that has a human soul in it. They deserve and test us very strongly (and by our nature) that they seem to be terrible, unacceptable and something else to be true. A modern young woman goes with her mother to a French country to meet her quickly-to-be a husband who she had a letter of some sort. It is all very exciting and parents and brothers of each other are waiting for impatiently to see new people coming to their families. The brutality of the bride shines and nobody knows what can happen and wake up in the walls of a great and beautiful French house, with all human beings and all its animals, and the "la bête" that turns into something that the characters, not many listeners The film, they could never think it was real and (before them) <br /> <br /> The movie is about the same topic as the Debyt's David Dron Cronenberg (1975), which occurs within a huge prestigious building that The destruction and misfortune extends from man to man by communicating with sex and making people act diligently and violently in their desire for pleasure and fulfillment of nature. Man has a nature that can be stronger than his will and that is why these stars can be dangerous and powerful as the nature of other animals, an animal, whether it is a desire for blood, revenge or sex and physical pleasure. Humans are the only animals who have the mind and tools to convey it but because we are also animals, that mind is not often used so much as it can be seen anywhere near us. The film is very wide, and very strange to many false traits, showing the male horny horse for fury while trying to get into the bus and continue running, but the ambition and ambitions that we see from his eyes and the movement of violence are the key elements for the first and why there are, not close to the links that can easily claim. The horse is the animal that blows the heat in the uncomfortable temperature, in a heat that is stronger than his will because it no longer has control. The power of the institution makes animals become animal. After the beginning of the memorable, the characters are brought, and the fantastically film has all the local age groups in it from young innocent children waiting to grow and develop their flowers, for both adults and adults they represent their part of life, and create the face of human life on the screen. The film does not need more characters in all the necessary forms and represent the whole race, including urban and rural, and both sexes. The house makes sex of the female protagonist as she sees a horse connecting and acting as she clearly has never thought of. For the first time he finds something special and something that is exciting and feels very close to him and his body, like getting water when you are very thirsty. The exchange of a girl is a very important feature in the film as she has lived without knowing these things in her, with her mother and the camera and a lover of letters, although things have only tried at that time to burst. The meat loves meat and that is a human being, but these things do not always be accepted and the films like these try to make it banned for decades? The foolishness of the person and the desire to interpret the image should not be the motion of the film to be banned or otherwise otherwise. The last 30 minutes of the film are also as important as the beginning, and again showing how powerful movies without inappropriate words and discussions. Since the girl and the audience are aware of what her body begins to feel and desire, she begins to have a dream about a strange animal that turns out to be no more than an unfamiliar form, because she has lived in the forest without other people / animals around her. The dream sequence is caused by a major conflict with the general and honest view, and the images are easy to be judged as "contrary" and "pornografia", without the courage to enter more, the effects of behavior and thoughts behind what we see. The picture is exciting in his dream and also in the dream of a dream (more) of a man, and Borowczyk empowers us to accept the pictures next to the "normal" sex between a man and woman, which is a matter. good and expression of love, other human needs. Also beautiful and wise and colorful colors make events inside the house, between a young mother and a black servant, interrupted as often as a man screams to a servant, for example, and there is no doubt that the physical image of two young young bodies to be with the interference of the sound of anger at least is no longer available with disruption. Borowczyk has managed to draw his beautiful pictures and "sensitive" that his message is impossible to understand, but nothing seems to be impossible for our cultures and minds that criticize art. He only uses the dialogue when necessary, otherwise the images work and make a solid film. Death is also there, if the body dies sooner or later, after years of life and nature, it dies. The end cannot be avoided but the meaning of a dream sequence can also be powerful without a wonderful kind and "revealing" also end. Another interesting feature comes when we see the women of the city trembling leaving the place where they saw a little more than they were looking for! They visited a real house about the body, we and them. The film reminds me of the story of the French Georges Bataille of the Eye and its similarities on conflict, death and how both are related to the nature of our body. This book is well written and well as well as this film, and all of them have often been criticized for their "open" content and other subtle views. <br /> <br /> Borowczyk's photo is also very good visible with strong loyalty, and nature and forest rarely seems so bright and shining as they do in this film. The sun shines through trees, and everywhere people live, and its beauty is always there, but it is also the difficulty that happens to the inhabitants of the world. For every white white sheep there is a selfish, evil and evil animal in our world and that is why the mind given to us has never been found to overcome the forces of our evil nature and the other side of the sheep, which are within the human spirit. It is about how many can put the dark side out of the work and not work. Implementation of some of our nature is not a bad thing, and by using this knowledge and seeing which natural is good and which bad, they can be satisfied without exploitation, violence and bad circle and damage created by it. Humans are not more than an intelligent animal, a mind that is easy to forget and be killed back with things that feel better and more comfortable at any time and perhaps suddenly. Borowczyk film is a masterpiece, amazing and magical cinema with an age-old theme and an example of how much can be found, displayed and given by the filmmaker, who is also human.
