If, like me, you love your movies to be unique, and unlike many movies, then I strongly recommend that you look at the Beast. The film is a delightful, exciting, fantastic fairytale that puts close to the 'beast' of mythologi which has rumored to walk the foundations of the French house and greed after women. The film is very strong and low-cost, and that's something to give credit to. The sex theme is a sure taboo, and for good reason, I can add; but the film opens; similar to the point. Like other films that cover the head among them, the animal could go around, and we made our ideas fill the gaps, but Borowczyk did not, and he has a hero like that, especially if making a film like this will allow him to open all kinds of opposition, but the truth that he continued with it, in my opinion, means a big finger to someone. <br /> <br /> The movie will start with a sequence that you see a male horse of randy mountain wife. This application puts an exciting mark on the film and prepares the audience, in some ways, with amazing, strongest strikes that they are about to see. The events that see the partner of the animal and the woman are free and surprising, and may condemn many people (therefore the reason was banned for more than 20 years), but these events are not just the reason for Borowczyk to shock the viewer; This film has an action point. As described during the film; The only difference between man and beast is the mind. Both men and animals are natural, the only man knows how to control them. The animal examines this distinction between man and animal through sex; A series of fantasy in which the animal appears to reduce the control of human desire, and it is only when the female behavior of the medium allows her to control her so that she can see the beast. The film has a powerful theme of the old story of 'beauty and animal' inserted into it, and in general this is a horrible story of lust, but without morality. Many are criticizing events around the amazing sex act of the film being boring, but these events are important to the story of the film. Without these screens, we do not know the characters or stories of the animal, and, most importantly; The story of 'beauty and animal' can not have a horrible conclusion to the audience, and if it is one of the most important features of the film; it will be a real shame. Besides, Borowczyk listens to his audience through these events, not with difficulty, but with negotiations with a high-class family, as well as good shots of house land has not been found, and thus a great difference between these and future events in the film none existed. Overall, the animal is a terrible film. It is a picture of the layout and the awesome way shown will ensure that this film is not for everyone. However, if you can get a film shock, and accept the Beast; what is waiting is a piece of skill and beauty that should not be lost by anyone who wants to give this film a chance.
