The title is a voice that one of the characters performs as he gives his car to think in the garbage waste where the characters live. The film is based on a series of stories and Shugoro Yamamoto and describes the story of a group of people who successfully live in the ramshackle edge of the dump. It is a mixture of laughter and sadness. The first photo of Akria Kurasowa is the first thing I have been looking for for a long time. Weirdly was often listed as only available in a condensed version from three or four hours of origin due to the error during run in other promotional devices. I had gone to full version, waiting to see what Kurasowa wanted us to see, just to know about the recent release by the Criterion that the 140-minute version is the full version. <br /> <br /> Finally stay down to see the film last night I'm feeling mixed about the film. First of all it seems to be associated with each film. You can see all kinds of Kurasowals remaining six films appeared in this film, under the sun beat. His amazing film in its use of colors and you can understand why it took him a long time on the stocks he would like and (in fact there were also failed projects too). The movie is a visual art. (Although you understand if you are going to see this on your regular TV was shot 1.33 so it will happen in the normal TV ratio.) All parts of the film are a mixed package. Part of the problem is that the lives of these people are not completely united. As a different story, they all work well but if the entire film does not depend on the same. I don't blame Kurasowa because someone can never hit objects out of the box, especially sometimes like Robert Altman who is known in many of these kinds of films on a regular basis. This is not 's saying that there is no reason to see the film. Like all Kurasowa films there are always reasons to see his films, whether they work or not. The first trip to the "trolley" is one of the best things Kurasowa made and has a rental value. It is one of the most magical moments in the history of the film as a trolley detected and taken out. The father and child living in a car touches (though they are very sad) and there are bits and other shining pieces (like being thrown on a big board) and someone should try at least a film like something different from someone we often associated with Samurai movies or criminal drama . Its exciting shock from a famous film manufacturer which means in this case means to be better than many other film achievements. <br /> <br /> Out of 6 and 7 in general, very pieces.
