Many people, when they think of a movie of movies, look at the b & w movies of silent and early sound - films that highlighted the irregular horned, very different shades of light and dark, widespread performance, and regular use to create a fantasy atmosphere in order to vary the traditional way, the origin of movie representation. If we are willing to admit that the Germans are not only filmmakers to create a film of expression (and that the above mentioned features are not necessary for the self-portrayed film), then I would say that Dodes'ka-den (DKD) is a great example of this film. . <br /> <br /> As Dreams, DKD is not a little bit of the film, playing, as it is, in a false sense. However, DKD also, unlike Dreams, a good film and probably my favorite pictures of Kurosawa. Why? More, I think, it's color. That was, I believe, the first color film of Kurosawa, and a man full of film and basic colors, and create a Japanese Japanese unusual. We are used for neon lights and brighten the skyscrapers of Tokyo; we are not used by the city that is colored and crayons. <br /> <br /> DKD is, as I said, the only film because most of its characters live in the junkyard, seem to live in another world. That is, I think, sure - these are out of Tokyo, people left behind when moving forward before World War II. The film also represents one of Kurosawa's heart movies; there is a real sense here and real pathos (such as the boy's father explains their dream house). It is a wonderful film moving from the best known to stunning, John Ford-like vistas and samurai. Everybody would have to know that Kurosawa had a film in it as it is proving to stimulate such ideas (Ikiru denotes emotional revelation of this film in many ways). I will also say, in the end, this is a great achievement of Kurosawa. Samurai films, though photographs of power, color in comparison to work with Kobayashi (Hara-kiri are the largest, a very sophisticated film samurai). Rashomon, Fortress Fort, Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Kagemusha, and Ran are the best film, but it's just good (and indeed, I think that word is very good for Fortress Store and Kagemusha). DKD is a good movie, such as Ikiru. They are the jewels that announce Akira was not a riot of a single samurai. They reveal his knowledge and movie skills.
