If there is anything that Akira Kurosawa did wrong in making Dodes'ka-den, it was doing with a co-created "four knights" (the other three are Kobayaski, Ichikawa, and Konishita). They wanted a big blockbuster to hit their partnership, and instead Kurosawa, in fact it is the cheese of the group's head, gave an abstract, humanitarian and characters that live in a small neighborhood in which many of them were concerned with dark disasters. If he did it on a more independent basis or went to another studio who knows, but because of this, among other financial and creative problems, which also contributed to his suicide attempt in 1971. However, at the end of the day, as artist Kurosawa he did not give up what he incites to his drama: the power of human souls during the crisis. That behind it is usually more common than most should not be overlooked, but not the fault of Kurosawa. Dodes'ka-den tools are taking, but not in ways that they often get from the director, and especially because they are driven by behavior rather than plot. There are things that are doing for these people, and the challenge of Kurosawa here is their intervention in general. The behavior that begins in the picture, which is unusual (although thanks to no chance of growing), is Rokkuchan, a man who has been damaged by the brain who is going around every day to make train sounds ('clickety-clack' of title), sometimes just stand praying to his mother. But then we branch away: there is a father and a child, the end who finds food and old restaurants who keeps going on with the specific details of his home's dream home; The old man is looking for his death, and we learn later after losing much more than he will tell many people, including a woman who has been with him; a quiet, quiet woman who works in service to her old father (or uncle, I don't know), who builds her; and a gentle boy in a suit who has a face-to-face face with a great wife-meaning for those who are a close community. There are also small scores of people around these characters, like the two drinkers who continue to be greeted around every night, as an hour clock, placing huge demands on their partners, sometimes (without giving birth) beat! And there is a good bicycle salesman who has a wonderful and wonderful relationship with a quiet and quiet woman. And of course there is a group of women who gossip around a pit of watering in the middle of sleep, without having anything to say about anyone unless it is a feeling of emotion. First to recognize and all this is how Kurosawa puts the picture; is a little after apocalyptic, not looking at any time or place (which is the border in several shots we see modern and local cars). It is a reduced society, but the concerns of these people are, however, in a horrible scope, meaning enhanced through great power. Like Bergman, Kurosawa has eroded the feelings of people who are cracked, with one particular place when a person who seems to have a death with eyes, sadness, sitting a towel as quiet as a woman goes with him. <br /> Sometimes there is a charm, and even some laugh, having these people. I enjoyed it, perhaps surprisingly, shortly with Rokkuchan (especially for the members of the Kurosawa as a street artist), or quietly with someone with face-to-face. But when Kurosawa allows its executives to have a chance to erase, their camera movements remain as they have always been patient-but are cautious, with many songs and claustrophobic shots, color displays and sometimes surfaces and the effectiveness of the silent game as a weeper master. In the midst of these other strange and touching stories, and some of them (ie the father and child in the car) especially sad, Kurosawa shines his film and organizes a color scheme like the first in Eastmancolor as one of his pictures. Lush, sprawling, delete regularly on the seams but always with some control, this place is not necessarily "lighter"; it's like abstract is completely filled in the area, where things look good but it's dark down. It is a sharp, double-edged sword that permits the exhibition as a dream and a heavy duty game. The 'sweet' of the movie 'Toru Takemitsu' (also responsible for Ran), and some of the best performances from the actors, and a few responsive events in the whole wonderful work, Dodes'ka-den are through his own small work from the director, but even closer to the perfect conditions of his own, which as with many drums of Kurosawa as Ikiru and the red beard hold on the hard facts about the human condition without many emotions.
