Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon performed two movies together within two years. One is considered one of the most romantic films, and the films made Olivier become a great film star (and gave Oberon his best performance): WUTHERING HEIGHTS. Another is this film, held in the UK last year. GIVING TO LADY X is a romantic comedy (like WUTHERING HEIGHTS is a romantic catastrophe). Olivier is a lawyer, Everard Logan, who is a powerful barrister, but also a total misogynist. One night he looks at the hotel just before the crowd. It is a very bright night (a kind of mist for which the London was known up to the "hate" of the "killing" in the 1950s), and the crowd (who had attended the party at the hotel) need beds. Management tries to get Logan to allow one or two women to sleep in bed with a day's bed in her rooms, but she refuses. But he did not count with Merle Oberon as Leslie Steele. The granddaughter of the high court judge, can enter the Logan rooms and guide him not only to sleep there, but he is fit for his bed (he goes to bed - much to his discomfort). The next day they take part in breakfast, and in the small it is obvious that despite her unbelief in women Logan finds Leslie very interesting. But he kittenishly refuses to tell him his name. She has decided to learn more about her, and she sees her attitude toward angry women. At the same time, Logan is approaching and rich rich (Ralph Richardson as Lord Mere) as a potential customer. Mere accuses his wife Lady Mere (Binnie Barnes) of having something. In fact, says his Logan Ladyship had his girlfriend at the hotel where Logan knew he was in the night of the mist. Logan (usually) jumps to the conclusion that Lady Mere was his wonderful companion that night. I can't go to more conspiracy, except to say that Leslie finally knows any mistake she has made, and decides to use it to teach her a lesson about women. <br /> <br /> Script feels the Wodehouse novel, but it's lighter. It is still the exhibition of Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes, and Morton Selden (as the grandfather of Oberon) is all royal. It shows what a good brand can do and even a few tools. Check out some of the smaller events to see what I say: the first Selden area, complaining about its weak coffee for his / her valet, who tells him well (they have been used for each other for years). Or Olivier deals with a small clerk in his office, who is certainly Mére two Meres in the office two minutes before (there was, but Oberon and Barnes have left together), and ended thinking the poor clerk is easy. Or a hotel attendant who cannot understand why a tenant in Olivier's room keeps changing from a man to a woman to a man. As I said, the comedy little charming - but it is very charming.
