No, I don't play. If you ever, EVER, have a chance to see this film. If you need to cut your hand to see it, see. It has its value. Fat / Bus Fatty is different from any film you have seen. It takes a cinema film and lifts it to the art work. Although it has poor heroes, idiotic characters, bad dialogue, amazing acting, and a movie on public access to Iowa, it succeeds in its mission as a film. It looks to be a fantastic, incredible film, which ever sees. And the boy has succeeded. I will plot for those who are concerned about such things (film partners do not accept), but you really don't need to pay attention because the whole plot of the film is made by a very long piece of text that played before The opening of credit. In any case, FDTB (as they call him) is a story of a bus trip through Chicago, led by Satan. You see, Jesus is in the city, and all the passengers on the bus have to die, and all their souls would go to hell, but with Jesus in the city, the lackey of hell leaves the job, and this offends Satan because, he doesn't like to look like a fool in front of The guy, so he decides to make people on the bus to sign up their soul directly, but he is the devil, so he needs to hide himself, otherwise, who would go on a visit with him, so he hides himself as Roger and gets then, where the driver is not known by name, but he is kind of fat, so I think he is Fatty. Then (and buyers) are on the course of collision with wackiness! Examples of other sensitivity: the head repeats the screen 3 times. I don't know why. The character appears on the bus in the middle of the journey without an explanation or introduction, and is largely close to others, and they look at him as he is not. I don't know why. Two characters come in love with the exchange of expectation, which is actually the same shots regularly and again. I don't know why. After Satan gives a long-term concept of changing in the human form of the head card shines "Satan is going to change." I don't know why. One character is a woman who is very clear man in the drag, and is known by other characters as "A Bridget of Love." I don't know why. If there was one good thing that came out of my training in Troma last summer was getting my copy of Fatty The Bus.
