When attending the trial you come to report the Cold unit about police killings, he did several years before. The murder of Sean Cooper, a good soldier, has never been solved. Usually, investigators believe the new evidence will help them put together all the pieces of the puzzle that were oppressing others. We are taken in the form of James Bruno's baptism. Sean and Jimmy were partners. There is a tension like Sean, who is a godfather, comes to trouble with the delay of worship. Eileen Bruno doesn't seem to be happy to be there. The real secret is revealed to him. She took Sean, who was drinking with Jimmy south, kissing her husband, and more frightening, Jimmy responding willingly. Somehow in the affiliate center is the center of rumors. Sean is unhappy with his chief because he discovered the involvement of criminals in his area who controlled drug trafficking. Sean knows this person is with a strong drug man because he always makes excuses to open sean bags and Sean Jimmy climbs at the center all the time. Pressure is very high on Jimmy. Sean is good at his homosexuality and wants to be faithful about it. Cooper's father does not want anything to do with Queer's son. Even the chief McCree wants him to be outside his authority, but the case is difficult because Cooper comes from a long line of Irish men working in the police. Sean is killed because his homosexual status, and to know more about the participation of their colleagues in taking money laundering. Tom Petit wrote this photo of the faithful life of the police in the closet and his secret love with another partner. We thought it was a clear account of the big issue that nobody spoke about those days. Sometimes people linked to the show, afraid of abuse from sponsors, or networks, won't use these realities. Jeannot Szwarc, shows a sensitive approach to this thorny issue, which is addressed without a political feeling that can be shown by a different team. <br /> There is a common appearance of Chad Everett as Jimmy Bruno was an old man. Take him to the same on target and touch of emotions that are not available. Shane Johnson provides an excellent contribution to the show as Sean Cooper. Release is fantastic and includes all the best displays from everyone under the direction of Mr. Szwarc. During the same period, Nick Vera, approaching his neighbor, the basketball player's mother took the ball away. Nick goes to a partner with a woman!
