I have looked at the small Cold Observations over the years, starting with the Season 1 sessions back in 2003-2004. And while many have been good, this part is not only good, but has a few opponents in the Emmy groups. Although some may agree with the content of the story (ie male and sexual relationships), I am convinced that anyone can look at this without being transferred very much into their spirit. <br /> <br /> The story is mainly about the opened case, according to the testimony from the drug dealer. The two midwives are two police officers in the 1960s named Sean Coop (aka, a cold victim who goes in his last name, Coop) and his girlfriend, Jimmy Bruno. In the story, Coop is one, vet Vietnam war, and very old worries. Jimmy, however, married, and children are not less. They are all partners of the police and the form is not only friendly, but the sexual relationship of the two that they should hide from the deep and common culture that prevails then. <br /> <br /> Flashback events of their lives are more black and white, and bits of colors now and then sprinkle around. Examples include their red ball car, yellow wind curtains and window in Jimmy's bedroom, where Jimmy's wife checks Coop and Jimmy's wife, fighting, and then kissing him while he is in alcohol. I found that only items selected were printed on flashback screens, and everything else black and white. I still didn't think the color scheme and balance. Tolerance of individual discrimination among fellow patrons and two central administrators only increases the size of the period. One important part of the emotion was when Coop was beaten by his father after Jimmy's baptism. In this area, Coop's father, Sarge, who was an honorable officer on power, faces Coop about rumors around the relationship of Coop and Jimmy. One can feel sympathy for Coop, at this point, as the shame and embarrassment of the father of Coop was planted on Coop - "You can't despise our family ... and you are not my son, either." - A clear indication of the hostile views of the gender relations of the time. Additional tension may also appear in the locker police room where Coop and another officer may after Coop and Jimmy are called "Batman and Robin homos". Regarding the relationship between Coop and Jimmy, it is obvious that Coop wanted more of Jimmy in his life. Once he can see the tension in the face of Jimmy if he must ague among his commitment to his wife and children, his church, and still yielding to him for brotherhood for Coop. At the end, Jimmy goes away with Coop, knowing he can't have Coop with his family at the same time. Unfortunately, Coop is killed, perhaps because of his relationship with Jimmy, but Coop can also be killed for his drug skills and police corruption that has reached high in power. <br /> <br /> The most moving part in that period was when Coop, dying from gun injuries in his squad, said quietly his last words on his police radio to his partner: " Jimmy ... we were lucky. "<br /> <br /> The choice of voice was best in that period. I enjoyed the last place with Chad Everett's actors, playing Jimmy with a very sad, and now and still missing his old partner, Coop. The best. It is undoubtedly well written, well done, and well done in all Cold Case events that I have ever seen.
