Galaxy Express 999 (Ginga tetsudô Tatu na Nini). Designed in 1979. Guided by Rintaro. According to the original work of Leiji Matsumoto. What you know a little about the history of GALAXY EXPRESS 999, was first published as the famous manga in the 1970s and was created by Leiji Matsumoto. GE999 is installed in the same type of Star Wars of the world of space as another famous manga of Matsumoto: CAPTAIN HARLOCK. In fact the position of pirate Harlock and other characters from the same manga (including Queen Emeraldas and Tochirô Oyama) performs the exhibition in GE999. GE999 was a success as a manga and recently followed by a popular series of anime that consisted of more than 100 events. It was made in 1978. A year later came this anime film, which is not a series of series, but summarizes the main points of the story in two movies long-term. <br /> <br /> Stories installed in the future type of Star Wars which is unknown where a trip to a different planet has become unlikely. Future people may have mechanical bodies that can live hundreds of years, perhaps forever. The main character, Tetsurô Hoshino, is a little boy who testifies to how the countless grains, whose whole body is made up of mechanical parts, kills Tetsurô's mother. Tetsurô retaliates and believes that he can only do it by having a mechanical body. To get it must go to a distant planet and space car Galaxy Express 999. However, since Tetsurô comes from poverty, he does not have the money to get the most expensive ticket. By chance she meets a beautiful woman, Maetel, who resembles her dead mother. Maetel offers a Tetsurô ticket for a situation that accompanies her journey. And so the journey begins? <br /> <br /> I first saw this film last October, nearly six months from now, and again yesterday. I feel that I must first tell me about something that has made me more contemptible in this film: it looks very fast. Then you would like to expect from 2 weeks of film you are trying to describe the main points of over 100 times? In any case, the situation changes rapidly and Tetsurô meets with other key characters in the story especially with a good position. I feel the makers should have anything out or include an additional 30 minutes. <br /> <br /> However, there is no argument that GE999 deserves its position as a classic anime. The animation itself, loyal to the manga style of Matsumoto, is deep and very beautiful. Even after 30 years of the release of the animation has never been "out of date" but it puts many future films of disgrace. Music out of the film is enjoyable listening even as "old" these days (it was 70 after all). I have never heard any English of this film so I can only give a Japanese voice comment which is good. Voice vendors give people life, many who are not remembered as Nozawa squares (especially known as Goku's voice through the Dragon Ball Saga) as Tetsurô and a little excitement, and Masako Ikeda as Maetel's quiet and wonderful. Participants are not left in the shadows, but also have their own lives, which do not remember much of me being a servant Claire. The story itself is suitable for all who are looking for entertainment for a few hours, as well as those who try to get a comprehensive message. GE999 is an adventure adventure of entertainment but can also be seen as a journey to Tetsurô from youth to mission. The entire film is told from its perspective, so we have to feel it. I think many people can relate to Tetsurô, in spite of fantasy things, he is a very real character: young, hot head, awkward and naive. We follow him as he begins to see the difference between humans and machines and come to the conclusion if he wants a mechanical body or not. Maetel on the other hand sits as hidden in the film and even at the end, when he reveals who and what he really does, does not have many answers for anything. Maetel can be seen as the dream of a young man who has grown up, always around but cannot reach. It is a wonderful and beautiful relationship between Tetsurô and Maetel who still activate chatting with questions, and attracts after decades. People have debated whether their relationship is of two friends, mother and male, or of two possible partners (which stimulate much since Maetel's unknown age and Tetsurô has not yet reached her salary). Without any way to talk deep, I think the best time to describe is "spirit partners". There is no question that the two feel self-sacrificing, caring and loving to each other, but it goes beyond that of friendship, family and lovers. I think that if their relationship is put into these groups, it will take something out of the whole film and characters. The last area, even if you already know what will happen, is still very touching and memorable. All of them, despite the run of conspiracy and other korny events, GALAXY EXPRESS 999 holds its position as a classic anime among films like Katsuhiro Otomo of AKIRA (1988) and Mamoru Oshii of HOST IN SHELL ( 1995). The film is headed by Rintaro, who had the experience of Leiji Matsumoto's career as he worked in the CAPTAIN HARLOCK series. Rinatro later led the extraordinary METROPOLIS (2001) which also asks the difference between humans and machines. GALAXY EXPRESS 999 (1979) is a classic that should appear at least once with every anime fan.
