I ran these years ago when the station played on Sunday afternoon. Although it was obvious the movie of cheesy TV from 70 years, the direction and scores were done enough so that they took my attention, and in fact I had to walk and I had to look at them to the end. I recently got the opportunity to buy a foreign DVD of this film (oops, did not see that in the country it was finally coming a few months before), and it was very pleased to be able to look at it again (and in full). I don't know at all, but somehow 70 seem to have a lock on horrible movies that are awesome. Decades before the 70th century produced the most powerful films and the majority of our permanent fear icons, but are they really scared? No, not much. Also in the years since the 70th century we have found awesome movies that are more cool, more attractive, more productive and more productive and modern special effects, are more fun, funnier, have time to “fly” efficiently, and to use other creative of the gore, but again ... they are not afraid! There is nothing about the state of the awesome films of 70s. The quality of grainy film. Dark dark events have been shown by many high-lighting sticks. "The dreamland edge" suggested the quality of negotiations with amazing EQ'd. The supernatural feeling of cruelty and evil that surpasses everything. Everything that works to undermine most of the 70-year-old movies, with a fearful state, works with its approval. <br /> <br /> In particular, in this film, strong shots, powerful dog's devil looking down are equally unnerving. More effective than if they went the most obvious way of having a dog to be a farmer, a vein, and a more aggressive ("Cujo"?). Employees of the film will freely save that for when the dog appears in full-over type. The effects of the time occur, when it has not been met by today's standards, actually gave me sores. What is strange, unprecedented accurately, “I don't know exactly what I'm looking for” to look intuitively strike me as more as a real odd vision will be, instead of real real, crystal clear optical printer / digital composer of awesome films of the last days. <br /> <br /> When humanitarian characters in this film do not have the satisfaction of being made as their nemesis or the world living, all participants are doing a good job. Connecting to brothers and sisters from the "Witch of the Witch" films like, yes, brother and sister, it's just a little bit of ringing, but it does well. Yvette Mimieux can always be entertainment if unknown. Richard Crenna gets more and more understanding from the audience as the film continues. His involvement as he struggles as a lack of his family is actually due to an extraordinary plot or if he fails only with sanozophrenia of paranoid is very well addressed, although his view of getting physical physically can give an explanation of what he saw is sad in his naïveté . The Last End-End-Last Questions are the only one I have seen that does not feel like a cheap gimmick, and really made me think about choosing these characters who are going to face next and what they could do and how they could feel about it. This film's observer can say it is only a car of the size of a certain neat element of photographing retina images, but hey, you can say the same thing on the "Runner Blade". : -) \ t
