Samuel Fuller brings a playful and delicate custom orientation with this seedy, pulpy story and managing to create one of the games that have not been recognized of the 1950s movies. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark has a small smoker a hard guy (the role he has completed most of the course of many movies), who draws a woman handbag (Jean Peters) on New York's highway with a very microfilm piece. This is 1953, so of course microfilm is the property of Commie spies who will leave anything to get it again. The girl emerges on the Widmark waterfront of the shack, sent by an insulting partner to repel the film, Widmark feels the shaking of her shake with her "comrades" under the big money. The plot thickens, people start dying, and Widmark and Peters begin to love each other. <br /> <br /> Fuller covers love story clumsily, but more due to a different meaning than bad writing or direction. It is as if he included a story of love under trouble, and so he did it with sufficient purpose, as love stories were often and still on Hollywood films. Peters gives a wonderful performance like a new Yawk cookie, part of a gangster moll and a part-time part in the stress. When violence occurs against him, we sincerely care about his well-being, and it is an example of Fuller's military, the front-of-his-time fashionable ending happy not necessarily the conclusion set forth. But the final success of the "Pickup on South Street" becomes one on the shoulders of Thelma Ritter, who plays Moe, a woman feisty who makes money in any way she can, as that being selling neckties or working as a police officer. Ritter offers its functionality; in one breathtaking one person, he presents without even directly addressing that whole sad trajectory of his character's life, and despair he feels to wake up every morning for the world of struggle, crime and trouble. It's like every Ritter of character ever played in an instant contact for a short time to give all the emotions that were not given the opportunity to move around in other movies. The area displays a Fuller film, with a 50-minute movie, while. <br /> <br /> Bridge: A +
