This film is a small piece of films from Sam Fuller that gives Richard Widmark an opportunity to show some of the best, working in Skip McCoy's position, a temporary thief who sits in military secret when picking good candy (Jean Peters) The pocket on the bus filled. Turning Candy was benefiting from his partner (ex?), Who works for "names". Overall, there is a secret here about Candy and Skip's intentions using a huge amount of film that determines interest ??. Actually he seems to be initially thinking that he is "commie", going so far watering beer in his face with a kind sign. But the real question is? what's going on with Skip? What are his motives, and why candy like him so much? Why do we (listeners) want to love him very much? Basically what filmmakers have done here is to create a "fatale male" very much in Widmark's behavior and its performance. Just as the male audience tends to reflect on the length of the film as "Big Sleep" or "Important Glass" as well as the main characters as the female character is reliable or just a good shape, filmmakers have created the same unary for female viewers. Widmark is good, and there is also a charm in its boyish humor? but in the first two times she meets our leading lady, blows her and then slaps her. Finally the question becomes? could fly to sink to the extent of selling his country to the buck (his opinion to the police, if "you are looking for a flag at ME?" it makes us see if he could) or is just out of revenge for killing his friend Moe (Thelma Ritter)? I don't know that the film gives us a good answer or any way. Thelma Ritter's work of character characterizes special mention? he has created a really unacceptable character here. Fuller does not give him a lot of "business"? in a material way that he uses to draw viewers in his world, especially his applied relationships. Another example of Fuller's "Business" will be the scene with Victor Perry (actress who I have seen elsewhere used under the effect) using a terrible candy chopsticks. The emphasis on Moe's relationship with Skip provides one of the most exhibitions of the movie "decent among thieves" theme. In fact Skip has the same kind of convenience with that kind of common relationship with the police, with the exception of Capt Tiger (Murvyn Vye) who has resentment against him. I liked the area where he invited the fighters in the name and gave them a beer when they came to take him into his shade. Is that the kind of information that makes this film feel true? if it is true "it is true" or if that would be quite different questions. All have told, I would like to say this is an important criminal film that shows the most beautiful and durable films of the film's "film film". The predictable mark is off-set and the bulk of the color characters (uniformly well made), the cheapest set is to hide from the fastest film, and the end product feels much more than perhaps it is. This is the best film that I have seen so far with Sam Fuller and helps me see why it looks like a great director? here he fulfilled the things that I think he tried but eventually failed to do in other films like "Kimono Crimson" and "Shock Corridor" away from the most powerful and dynamic styles and hold true to insist. This is one of my most popular displays from Widmark which I have seen so far? and Widmark was a talent that I am tempted to say (according to the incredibly small films that I have seen with him) resembled that of Alan Ladd or Humphrey Bogart, although of course he did not have many old films.
