'Shock Corridor (1963)' was my first film from Samuel Fuller, and there I was attracted to a wonderful mix of B-movie and great budget aesthetics, even if the story itself was a clean schlock. 'Taking South Street (1953)' was released ten years earlier in Fuller's work, obviously produced in a large budget from the biggest studio, Twentieth Century-Fox. However, the pictures are still known because there is a little natural element, the nature of the photography, not distinct from the 'Night and Dassin City' (1950) and Kais's 'Panic in the Street (1950)' {the end was also shot by the author Joe McDonald's video. In some cases, Fuller drives the camera next to the faces of the actors that are not mentioned, encompassing the closest ideas, sensitivity and sensitivity introduced through the most revealing face, eye. Although (unexpectedly) possible on the melodrama, and with just a sense of anti-Communist propaganda, 'Pickup on South Street' is the most powerful film of the film that is most effective for setting? down to New York City. <br /> <br /> When out of the prison pickccket Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark) triggers a woman's wallet on the highway (Jean Peters), she bags more than she 'd first met. The woman, Candy, and her former boyfriend Joey (Richard Kiley) were secretly confidential information to the Communists, and McKoy had carefully discovered the necessary film of a small film. Will he return to MacGuffin with proper authority, or sell it to the highest buyer? If 'Take South Street' there is an error, it is that the story is designed just to strengthen the Communist agenda, restoring propaganda as something from WWII {Dwight Taylor, who presented the story, also wrote 'Bad House (1944),' film only the propagation of the series}. For no apparent reason, every character known? even smugly self-serving Skip McCoy ?? it eventually becomes a dedicated patriot, a predictable change since the beginning. In traditional tradition, modern crime is found immediately, the wise penalty for its sins, but it seems not when they have served their country; Citizens wiping clean slate. Richard Widmark, an actor who I am beginning to love, plays a puff of pride and humor, although it is always a feeling of a mood disorder that shows that he is making more than he can chew. The opening section on the train is the best of the film, like McCoy's breathing and sinking around the hand of the victim's hand, remembering the 'Pickpocket' of Bresson (1959). Thelma Ritter is as strong as a woman-tired street-woman who will handle information for anyone who wants to pay (though, of course, she draws a line on Commies). Jean Peters is well thrown as a dame trashy passed information on the other hand, playing the space almost completely without a pleasant; Fuller was reported to rely on the actor on the investigation that he had a small river shepherd. However, Peters must have a problem with love and Widmark which brings down the film's experiments on originality. Surprisingly, on his release, 'Pickup South Street' was judged immediately as the Communist propaganda and the FBI, and the Communist Party condemned them to the contrary. Go to the statistics.
