Best of Sam Fuller PICK UP IN SOUTH STREET is the pick of a group from the early 50th of Cold winter-influenced cars low budget cars. For a run of less than 80 minutes, PICK UP IN STREET is hard, angry, explosive and durable entertainment. Widmark stars as a tool to pass Skip McCoy, who has already taken it three times. However McCoy cannot keep his fingers out of trouble - and what is exactly what he draws in it while giving himself a gangster candy bag (Jean Peters). Candy handbag has a very valuable microfilm for the Communist movement, and it is her last job for former partner Richard Kiley to make a delivery. However, when Widmark lifts, Peters must do whatever is needed to re-launch the film (at the beginning) he knows nothing about. <br /> It introduces a tasty, characteristic of Widmark, while not psychologically of KISS OF DEATH, a real wire-wire, unpredictable and tough, but very strange charming. The only anti-hero to maintain his moral integrity and win out the end (Bogart), or the most powerful young man who allows himself to become a trap (Mitchum). With Widmark you do not know what you are getting, and in its modern acting style (its films always hold good) she is a wonderful look. Here he is broken into making a big sign by selling film, or giving it to the police and fighting "Commies" on the right side of the law. And he still has to pretend that he never told Peters to avoid the fourth bad rap on his paper. <br /> <br /> Peters gets its best role as Candy-and-heart-of-gold Candy. The Widmark deficit is perhaps best displayed in its events with Peters; A very beautiful string (and rather surprising - the horn of romance is rather run) it is under the Widmark logo, but Widmark exchanges between kissing or beating. Peters beauty-edged beauty, but the lack of more lacquered Hollywood Hollywood (Lana Turner never working well in this role), is a great asset to the film. Candy is not guilty, however it is very dangerous, it continues to be passed and beaten by people. Widmark reminds him of his coolness at the first meeting and raised him by pouring beer on his face, but by the last act he has loved the most tender for him (after coping with one hell from Kiley). The situation in the hospital with Peters and Widmark should not work, but it does. Thelma Ritter is a brilliant like Stoolie Moe, who deserves her Oscar appointment. Ritter performance, like everything else in the film, is the beauty, real and real heart. His death is amazing. Fuller's cameras and location settings are very interesting. Fuller loved close-up, and PICK UP IN STREET is full of anxiety, cloistering tight shots that just raise the tension of the plot. Fuller is not afraid to let the camera delayed for a longer shot than the old Old-Hollywood standard is allowed, but it still comes off from the Ritter's death zone to give maximum audience impact. The urban and common area, facing the camera angles provides PICK UP IN STREET STREET, looking for boldness, without modern self. <br /> <br /> 10/10.
