Samuel Fuller is not one of the US directors. I don't know he graduates as one of the best Hollywood students. But surely it comes up with Hollywood real professionals who were ready to accelerate their own music. While working for the Hollywood studio, she knew how to take responsibility, shape the middle material that was sent and then quickly transform and efficiently into something that is usually better than its parts ... in time and on the budget . Pickup on South Street is a case for sure. On the face is one of the early 50-year anti-Commie Hollywood movies, filled with appeals to patriotism, hardened and boiled hero. Fuller returns to this Hollywood clichés bag on an exciting, exciting and any number of kilter losses. Hero, Skip McCoy, is a third-time player, a small urine with small fingers that do not change his traps to the end. The girl in the caper, Candy, has the level of beauty that will be easy to cross if you have refused. One of the most popular characters, Moe Williams, is stoolie. And by the odds of Hollywood war against Commies, patriotism appeals to deaf ears; The hero is not motivated by anything so ennobling. He just wants to pay for personal reasons, and the wind that ... at least now ... good man. <br /> <br /> More, all administrators were given a chance to Fuller and a studio. He had to do. Richard Widmark had now established his presence as an actor and star, but Jean Peters is a surprise. It gives a beautiful picture of a sexy and dumb woman, and not better than her boyfriend ... or her customers ... want to be. And Richard Kiley, who would later be the winner of Tony's award winning on Broadway, is convincing and afraid. It is hard to remember that he was an actor who gave us, meaning to be brought to us, "impossible dream" from the La Mancha Man, <br /> <br /> More than anything else, this pickpocket story takes a purse in a road car The main and self-secretive rather than money, followed by Feds and Commies, may go directly to the economy and the economy. The whole business, and the usual look of the night, takes only 80 minutes. The discussion, with Fuller as a scribe, has a corny party, a hard fiction style of boiling. "Muffin has found ... he is right," one character says to Skip on Candy. Fuller makes us just quick enough from the location to the location to put us on execution. Then Fuller gives us the character of Moe Williams. Suddenly the story includes up to a new level of interest, comedy support and sadness parts. What I like best about the film is how the opening shows the strengths and powers of Fuller. In 2 minutes and 15 seconds, starting right after credit, Fuller has the ability to strengthen the film, and let us know what stories, and show us what kind of characters - Skip and Candy - we 'will be involved. And he does so with a very curiously curiosity in the hot car, which we can just feel Fuller put hook to get us. Glenn Erickson says, in my opinion one of the best of the critics of the film, "In a negative story, Sam Fuller defines his view of Americanism from the top to the top: toughness, patience to support that when it fully showed what is right and what is right and He is not afraid to fight against it. Always in his work, people who are fighting the most difficult for their country are the least likely to benefit from efforts. "He is right, and makes the film still clear after 55 years.
