"Pickup On South Street" is a speedy game about a minor offender who finds himself suddenly in the activities of the communist group. This step has been presented in a straightforward and dynamic style and speed is installed through some brilliant editing. The use of different types of cameras and nearby efficiency also contributes to the general sense of motion and strength. Samuel Fuller's leading style and Joseph MacDonald's movie is the best and there are many instances which through the structure and lighting generate a strong sense of atmosphere and atmosphere. Pick pick up and repeat the skip McCoy offender (Richard Widmark) enters into deep water while stealing a robbery from a young woman named Candy (Jean Peters) on New York's highway. He was being used by his former friend Joey (Richard Kiley) to make one of his communications in a communist organization and unknown to him, he was carrying the secret of the US government recorded on microfilm. Two FBI agents were following Candy and felt theft. One of the agents continues to strengthen Joey's apartment and the other, Zara (Willis Bouchey), visits the Police Captain Dan Tiger (Murvyn Vye). Zara explains that the FBI has been following Candy for several months as part of their follow-up leader of the communist group. <br /> <br /> To identify pickpocket, Tiger calls for "stoolie" called Moe (Thelma Ritter) who after being given accurate details of the "cannon" method of working makes a list of eight possible suspects. Mara Tiger sees the name of the name on the list once he has confirmed that it is the person who needs to track down and sends two spies to seize him. When Skip comes into Tiger's office, Zara tells him about microfilm and Tiger provides any charges if he cooperates with the investigation. Skip is flippant and proud. He did not accept Tiger and refuses all the skills of theft on the highway. Joey commands Candy to know who stole microfilm and then get it. Candy pays Moe to Skip's address and when Skip returns from interrogation by Tiger, finds Candy looking for his home and discovering his insight before stealing money. When he is over, Skip requires $ 25,000 for microfilm. He tells Joey about Skip's needs and Joey's boss gives him a gun and ordered him to restore microfilm and the next evening. Skipping and candy attracts and is because of their unhappy, persistent relationship that the way it changes and which they can overcome police claims. Soon it becomes clear, however, that solving issues with the communist group will only be available for more direct action. The Skip, Pipi and Moe Exhibitions as living in the world of seed who are forced to face the greatest risk every day is powerful and compelling. Moe's work as a police correspondent depends on his skills in his community but also those people know what he is doing and everyone among them could take revenge at any time. He looks very cautious on the road but also has a dangerous side in his own expression as "an old walk" and saves money to have a good burial in a unique tomb in Long Island. His belief that "every buck has its own meaning" transmits any information regardless of danger, friendship or code and there is still one event that he rejects and this proves death. The work of Thelma Ritter certainly welcomed the Oscar selection given for its role. Skip is a powerful offender who is not concerned about his victims and has been sentenced three times in the past, lives under the constant threat of life imprisonment if he is convicted again. In spite of this, he still continues with his crimes and wonder, it is only a philosophical moment when Moe hits his place and then, even ensures that Moe receives the kind of fun he really cares for. Candy is an old hooker and a person whose activity always put her at risk but behind her hard out side more warmly gradually becomes more obvious. Widmark and Peters are all perfect for their roles and as Ritter shows the distinction of their reputation for good style and trust.
