This film provides a saga of the Wild Wild Park. He, Buffalo Bill Cody, and Calamity Jane, are the central characters. When the World Civil War is closed, Lincoln says its concern that the power of the country will be strengthened if people follow the advice, "Go West, boy," which, with compassion, was not guilty of Horace Greeley as the number of others did. But then, he is killed, and other donors say they can get weapons to sell to American Indians. Meanwhile, we see Wild Bill Hickock, who interacts with a young boy, while steamboat is loading on a dock with Mississippi. Bill Bill uses Bowie's knife, which eventually gives the boy, calling "Arkansas Toothpick," which was actually a different kind of knife, although both were used in the border. Hickock finally meets Buffalo Bill Cody, who looks closer to the pictures and paintings of a real person. Cody is married, and she brings her master to Old West to sit down. When they reached their destination, they went to Calamity Jane, who broke Hickock. She looks at Cody's wife, and asks Bill Buffalo, "Is this your mopsy?" The line was caused by the Hayes Board problem, for one definition of "mopsy" was a prostitute. Demille wanted the line, and one of his assistants said that in the books of Beatrix Potter about Peter Rabbit, three rabbits were Flopsy, Mopsy, and Cottontail. He explained this and asked investigators to identify the "rabbit of the worst." It worked; The line stayed. The Indians were resting, partly because of the best weapons they were given from the East Donor's agent. Cody and Hickock were required to help the area, so that the soldiers could get safe to the destructive area. Cody led the soldiers; Hickock went to investigate the activities of the Indian leaders, who were former friends, and who was leading some of the Indians of the hostile. <br /> <br /> Wound Jane gets captured, and Hickock gets captured while trying to preserve it. They are brought to the nobles, and though they will not say, the suffering used by Hickock will break Calamity Jane, and explains the way Cody uses. These are given, and Hickock joins Cody and his hosts, in part to warn them to walk the trap. With the help of Hickok, they hold the Indian attack. Hickock decides to go after gunmen, and finally takes them captive. While waiting for power, Hickock is shot in the back while playing the card. There are many historical errors in the film, but it takes a taste of the story. Very good for the 1930s.
