In this excellent twentieth-century film-Fox-city, the city is a desperate labyrinth where insects and insects live by living directly. The city's objects were diminished under physical humanity in a powerful expression of power. The worm has its bag placed on the highway. It has microfilm, and the spy communications ring will go to any length to get it. Two parallel investigations resemble all the detectives and fighters blowing value information. The hero of Skip McCoy's player is being played with a verbal abuse by Richard Widmark. He knows the fighters are equal to his ethical values, so he despises: "Continue," says captain Dan Tiger (Murvyn Vye), "Dance." In this useless world, fighters are one more group on the road. Like candy hooker Lightning Louie to lead, so the police are busy paying pigeon pigeons for information. It is hard to believe that when Widmark made this film was already in the middle age. The 39-year-old star, coming to the end of his contract with Fox, plays on Skip McCoy on the boy's courage. Today it is unacceptable for romanticism to stimulate her love for deficiency and then revive her by drinking beer in her face, but by the mood of the time signifying difficulty - and Candy, after all, is a fallen woman. br> <br /> Jean Peters shines like Candy. Here, in the midst of his five-year popularity of the B-movie popularity, he is good and is involved as a prostitute with a heart of gold. He is the victim of the story, the pastor of his beauty as anything else. He means well, but always used by stupid people - Joey, Skip and soldiers. <br /> <br /> The real star of this movie is New York. To encourage the city panoramas and subway stations provide the comments of claustrophobic of the city as a powerful, powerful force. As the fingers in the cheese cheese, human figures go through the city's streets. Elevators, the turnstiles of the road, highway roads - even the mute host performs as the flow of humanity. People are joining any leading niche security: Moe has a grimy room to lease, Skip the main ferry on the Hudson River. If the characters move and interact, they are organized by the bridge design, or the fabric of the buttons, or they are divided and tackled. City design is always independent. Wharf pieces of wood and tiles are the shape of the grid road, and the card-card cabinets in the match match the Manhattan plants. When Joey's exit on the road is closed, it's like the metals of the city's metals make him. The amazing ratio of this film is being shot very close. Characteristics runs the plot, as appropriate, and close-ups are used to increase character. When Skip sweeps candy Candy, close-up takes sexual energy between them, restraining the hostility of Skip words. The beauty of Jean Peters has built up in light, in a positive direction to consider. The device is also used to increase tension. The opening of the opening, fund purse, does not discuss the discussion: this game is entirely dependent on-up with its powerful effect. <br /> <br /> Snoopers, and snoopers on snoopers, form a film. Moe (Thelma Ritter) makes life as skillful, and its position in leadership is accepted, even for its victims. While Skip exploring, "has found eating", he sings regularly. Like 'New York employees' are walking along the sheep or wood, the traffics of the Underworld in news news. Yet those pigeons are better than Joey and her Communist friends. Joey's foot on Moe's bed shows a breach of basic principles of ethics. Joey is more of color. Moe will not do business with Joey, even to preserve his life: "... even in our crummy business, you have gotta draw a line somewhere." "Pick-Up" was released in the depths of the Cold War. Richard Nixon had been elected as President of the Republican President, after his name on his impressive Alger Hiss opening - the communal microgusm of both communism and all. McCarthy's experiments were a daily reality. We see journalists in the film faces "criminals who gave Stalin A-bomb". New York may seem like a great brilliance where humanity is lost, you love and kill. Tools create a leitmotif in all the films. Moe carries a business box of relationships, and a candy bag, a microfilm tool, is a plot engine. Skip puts his only things in a full string, showing his street-wise secret. The poles of the poor, going down the Hudson on the barge, contain only one more tool that turns around to the useless capital. <br /> <br /> Film is a masterpiece of composition. Candy is shown on skulking Skip to the village of the shade of the shadow, referring to its moral rise. When a gun is put on the table, an extreme view makes it look bigger than Candy - violence begins to be sympathetic. Lovers are beaten by the shade of the stevedore hook, reminding us that their love is not pure and not perfect, but is about the city's sinister shock. Enyard communist is a shadow on the wall, or a spoonful of smoke smoke. He is like a special cat only among the garbage - trophies of night fraud. The camera shots from the bottom of the taxi hoods, inside the newspaper booths and through hospital beds always strengthens us in the understanding that we are all arrested in the capital. We are mulch of civilization.
