Pickup On South Street is one of the most talented movies made. Example of leading: When Candy (Jean Peters) starts through his wallet with his wallet not available, the bell moves back into a building that is - if it is a bell that leaves his head. It's not a cartoon-like - locked in a basic way in a way that hits you to a level of insight until you see the movie a few times and just “cool” just when there is an alarm bell when it starts frantically going through its bag. Richard Widmark is the top way of his game as smart-alec - he is very good - but the performance of the film is the first of the "Moe," the road / teacher walker, played by Thelma Ritter. Later, in his house, you will not see the film - you see a real person. I have never seen anyone "act" in fact I felt like I was looking into the real room until the Ritter performance - under the way her hair was fitted when she removed her hat. About 1 million * other items * worked, * from electric power electronics electrostatic electricity through electrical electronics and candy channels as it moves Moe off hand and his brooch, through Moe gets a dollar and a change from the captain of the police in the bosom of the FBI youth - and even the captain's way to open the opening cabinet, as he did in that way in the room for many years. "Taking On South Street" is a step-by-step process (acting) and the best of current nostalgic, such as a panel truck, the leading board on the river, dumbwaiter, - and an amazing place to skip to beat his carrier. Wonderful things. "Pickup On South Street" is also one of the few movies where, although characters can't be perfect, they care about them - maybe because they have been called by their fruits in ways that are hard to avoid: Skip like " The third season "and Pipi as a young woman who" knocked around "very much. While these people are doing worse than you expect, it is in a way that novels make it seem to look for people who you never think - and yet you know it is possible because the actors make people who know.
