** SPOILERS ** Since the disappearance of the sea of ​​his famous pastor Phyllis the secret writer of the murder Abigail Mitchell, Ruth Gordon, has a strong conviction that he was Phyllis husband of Edmund Galvin, Charles Frank, who was responsible for his death. In fact Abigail has proved that she killed him and made her as a terrible accident. Knowing that there is no evidence that Edmund was arrested for the death of Phyillis and decided to take the law in his hand Abigail puts this defining plan to do with him, such as the death of Phyllis, a tragic accident. Finding Edmund secretly coming to his house to give him a mix of walking-safe, since he wants to leave a holiday in New York City, Abigail tries to get him to close Edmund and be surprised. that no one in the house of the pastor's pastor and the personal secretary of Abigail Veronica, Mariette Hartley, hear the cry for help and the next day Edmund is found dead. Veronica discovered the body of Edmund as he was about to stop, for the safe keeping, the secret manuscript of Abigail's latest murder. <br /> <br /> Lt. Columbo, Peter Falk, is called in a case involving the death of Edmund Garvin to determine whether it is a murder or a tragic accident. The entry of Edmund's Columbo apartment is puzzled to know that he does not have one picture of his late wife, who has been present for just a month! This is linked to what Abigail felt every time about it in Edmund did not love Phyllis and also suspect in it, in Abigail's mind, murder. Columbo's big fan, along with his wife, of Abigail's novels is hard to understand that he was actually responsible for the death of Edmund. All evidence shows Abigil including a pair of lost car keys that were Edmunds. This all showed that Abgail was actually at home, not his way to the airport, when Edmund was locked into a safe journey. <br /> <br /> Through all the evidence Columbo comes with this amazing conclusion that Edmund must have some evidence within the safe for the text to whom his killer is. The conclusion is very quickly discovering that Edmund did not have a pen or pencil and also light, and the light of the lighting was released, on his writing. There is also something very unknown in the safety that has been on Lt Columbo's mind since he came to the trial. This relates to the black-colored residue found under Edmund's fingers and on the belt of its buckle! It is the evidence, when you put together with many other safe things, that at the end depends on the murder of Edmund on a clever and clever writer Abigail Mitchell. Edmund then Abigail did not know himself in his last attempt if the air in the safe was used up, by breathing him, using the flames to write about Abigail's final killings: Abigail Mitchell!
