After the failure of the "Churches" at the box office, Cecil B. DeMille stopped making films about non-American history. His films for the next thirteen years were our history from Jean Lafitte to World War II (Dr Wassell). The first in the production process was this film, referring to the star Gary Cooper as Wild Hickok Bill, and Jean Arthur as Calamity Jane. James Ellison was the Buffalo Bill, John Miljan (not as usual) was General George A. Custer, and Anthony Quinn was one of the Indians who fought in Little Big Horn. Criminals were led by Charles Bickford (selling weapons to Indians) and Porter Hall as Jack McCall (killed Wild Bill Hickok). The film's film takes the history of the United States after the civil war. Lincoln is shown at first pointing to what next step now that Lee has given. Lincoln is talking about the need to get west (more about this point later). Then he says he goes to the theater. That April 14 should be too busy for Abe - "Virginia City" apologizes to Errol Flynn at the request of Miriam Hopkins for the same date. In fact, when Lincoln was concerned about the West, her quick thinking on the last day of her Presidency was about reuniting the former Confederate states and citizens in the Union as soon as possible. It was a new building that had its attention, not west (except for Maximillian problems and its French-controlled forces against Juarez). But he was involved in real problems with the West. In 1862 he served Pope John Pope, who lost the second Manassas, to Minnesota to fight the great war of India and Sioux (under the novel of McKinley Kantor, "Sprit Lake".) Papa, he had no power over Lee and Jackson , be effective here, and rebellion was hit. However, with all the attention of Lincoln for western problems, it is doubtful that he says (if Cooper repeats at least once), "Until it should be safe." It's not a big thing for a leading member. As he says, Teddy Roosevelt said, "Breakfast breakfast every morning for your health." It is not a comprehensive policy statement. as the Lincoln version of Monroe's Doctrine, it is wise ... the example of DeMille's writings has the most serious errors of common sense in them. However, this is not a demolition m access. "Plainsman" is a film of adventure, and thus has the full benefit of DeMille creator of the festival. So it's good to watch. But it is not like a textbook on the political ideas of Lincoln or its designated legacy.
