Kim Basinger's stars like Della, a housewife who has two twin children (Terri and Tammi-played by Luke Gair and Erika-Shaye Gair) and a bright jerk for husband (Kenneth), played by Craig Sheffer. The movie is opening at Christmas. Kenneth is on his way home, driving a nice car and I can add it. She is on her mobile phone discussing with a business partner I could think. When he gets home, he sees that the floor is mess with shoes and toys spread out everything. This annoys him and takes his wife, Della, to ask why the house is always a mess. He binds on the wall. Watch twins from the level. He hits the wall, pulls a hole in it and goes away. He is looking for children, trying to console them. After all this has been done, it needs to go to the mall to make the last minute purchase and because it is not out of the cover sheet. He gets there and the parking lot is full because there are few last minutes there. While looking at the parking space, he sees the car taking two positions and this smokes. Finally it gets a chance to close it, makes its way on a hoggish car and left a mark under the wiper to call the owner "jerk selfish". Then he goes to the mall to make his last minute purchase. <br /> <br /> When he finally leaves the shops, it is fast and many people have already quit. It is not the owner of the car who gave the mark but he realizes this on his way to his car. He also realizes that the note who came out under the wiper no longer exists. Unusual. When he gets his car, he goes in to start. He realizes the car comes behind him and prevents him from supporting. He comes out of the car to face the car owner (Chuckie-played by Lukas Haas) leaving the details and the possibility of his friends. Suspending with the supermarket trader (no, not Paul Blart) does his way on them to see what the problem is, just having his brain hit on his head by Chuckie. When this happens, Della jumps in his car, begins and gives up a partner in front of him. Chuckie with his talent to walk on his car and give chase. Della has finished his car on a pile of log in the development of the house but does not care. He can make it behind his car, open the hatchback and grab the box before the sticks get there. So, Della uses all night to try to eliminate out of the hats and tools that she has in her box as a weapon. The first kill, in my opinion, is better. The first kill that Della does it. The last was perhaps the weak and should be better to consider that this was the evil man who gave it. I will admit that there will be some that have been removed to the end and I was thrown down. In general though it was a flick of fun and goes along well at 1 hour and duration of 20 minutes.
