REPORTING, EXPERIENCE! Many people told me that "The Apes Planet" was the worst movie of Tim Burton and away from that it is much weaker than the original film. So I decided to see it. Another friend who has never seen a film yet, advised me to look at it despite this because 'Tim-Burton's movie is still a Tim-Burton' movie. I decided to do that, and I found that it was right. It is obvious that the remake of the popular movie like the 'Apes Planet' is shared with commercial thinking. However, Tim Burton succeeded in filing his film to show his fantastic performance such as 'Beetlejuice' or 'Batman'. If you already love Burton movies, it is difficult to love one of his films, even if it has some flaws: squeals of nerve nerves, more wrapped by the leading actors who could be, without problems, instead of someone else. <br /> <br /> What the film gives us first, is the answer to the question: What? The result is when Tim Burton will be asked to create a remake? Firstly, Burton will not be a Burton, if he doesn't want to call it remake from the beginning; is 'thinking again'. On the other hand, Burton knows that almost every movie viewer has seen the first version of the film with Charlton Heston (as a human being), and he knows that remake does not exist without his example and that the two films will not stop. So all he does is play and compare to each time of his film, e. g. for reflection of quotes. About the line of the story, Burton does a very good job to answer the open original questions, and then run all desperate listeners to destroy this wonderful transparency and finish the movie with ?? And here's the advertiser? Today returns to the world and finds itself in the world that seems to have been ruled by apes forever. Now, this is the burtonesque response to the expectations of the people they hold because they are amazing, amazing for the 'Apes' first planet. Finally, even more unexpected, more surprising and: totally confused, because ?? and here I disagree with the 'Planet range of Apes houses' and -platforms ?? it doesn't mean anything. We can't have the meaning, or just the hardest that becomes useless. Tim Burton plays his brutal games, he does with grin and does well. Burton fans will make sure that, others may feel beaten and complained about some kind of evil. Yes, I don't think the producers will ever ask Burton to lead the remake again?
