Gordon Parks, a beautiful photographer of the Black Life magazine, made a movie-timebomb realistic movie here - one that does not mess! According to the true story of the two NYC fighters - later they were called Batman and Robin - who used chronic methods to clean their drug area, this is a movie of fighters before that time became a form of repeat. Electricity was fighting, there is no one place to lose here. The person, early of the 70s NYC should have a chance to become a police officer, from the movie shows like this and "Serpico." These two traders come out as rookies divided by security, deliveries in the spare time. But instead of receiving praise from the city police department, they found nothing but opposition and opposition from their peers. They should go to the field of police mines and legal corruption, the head of the skeleton of the bones which means to stop them from their work on the streets, drug desks, and bad ghetto neighbors. <br /> <br /> David Both and Ron Leibman are fantastic in heads; part of the entertainment looks at Leibman's eyes around the area in which it is a non-emotional comic, and Selby's acting is the key to the bottom and wry. These two make all the exciting things of the work of the story - show the confusion of mixing with the gutsy decision. The Director's Director, who was already known for his coverage of controversial subjects in his image, does not have a grittiness of the story. Instead, the film is not suitable for the world of criminals and street criminals that these two men live. In addition to this fact it is the fact that Hantz and Greenberg actually worked as technical advisers for the film, and even seen in the surreal roles that were like two colleagues who mock the perpetrators. It is a real tax for the effectiveness of the park's direction that can fully balance this trouble mile with sharp comedy. <br /> <br /> Why does MGM / UA allow this to stay on the shelf for 30 years - without giving it a home video or DVD released in the United States? It is a little jewel of the 1970s.
