First he saw this half of the old life on the black-and-white TV in the small village of Samoa and thought it was hilarious. Now, after seeing it for the second time, so later, I'm not available. I no longer have any hilarious again. But this is a good comedy and lighter that goes faster without a break and I was quite excited. It is in 1945 and Fred MacMurray is 4F who dies to enter one of the hosts. He pushes the lights into the screen that the supervisor and the professional appears to give him a few wishes. (Ho hum, right? But though the introduction is not more than the same, fantasies are very good.) MacMurray tells the genie that he wants to be an army. Specifically, it runs along with the Washington troops in the USO's warm and welcoming place where June Haver and Joan Leslie are wearing many matches of lace or whatever it is, and lavender wigs. Washington sends MacMurray to spy the enemy - red coating, Hebrews speak German, not Brits. They are faced with Bierstube and sing the song of humility that honors the qualities of Vaterland, "where the white wine is winier / and the Rhineer of the Rhine / and bratwurst is the mellower / the yellow hair is yellower / and the traders are the kitchen / goose action. goosier. "Something like that. These qualities are wonderful, beautiful as Sig Rumann. Otto Preminger is the defendant and the chief singer of Hessian. "You know, Heidelberg, that's 241 to 1 against you - but it's not afraid." I can't go too long with these fantasasi but it's all quite funny, and so it's lyrics. When he wanted to be in the Navy, MacMurray Wind and Columbus and fantasy are presented as a great opera. "Do you not know that the western journey had an expensive investment? / And you think it provides a way / but Isabella, Queen of Queens." When they see the New World, someone says that it looks good. "I don't care what it looks like," says Columbus, "but the area will be called Columbusland." However, everything is finally closed, although the genie at this time is drinking quite, and the wind of MacMurray on the Corps of Marine and a beautiful girl. <br /> <br /> I have made it a very good voice, maybe, but it's good. Children will enjoy the smell of smoke and the story of magic and love. Adults will get the most important story of the story (which are Asians?) Unless they become university graduates, in a situation that they may want to cling to the park and say, "Wow! Awesome!"
