After running to this film on Fox's movie on Friday afternoon, I can't think of a better way to spend Friday evening and put in my two cent cents. Especially when you think of a lack of user feedback on it. What? Not every movie, good or bad deserves more than four views? And this film is not so bad. The first thing to remember when watching the film as April Love is to remember when you happened, in this case the nineties. Movies were very good at the time. The movie was not traumatic while screens were filled with many Technicolor film films to drive people away from the gray glare of evil in the middle of the television-box. I don't know how many people were interested in the boob tube to see this, but managed to catch my attention for 97 minutes. 'Connell' out of the country after attempting to steal the car. It seems that Aunt and Uncle has lost their child (Jed Jr.) so Uncle Jed seems to have lost his efforts to live. Aunt Henrietta hopes that Nick on the field will bring Jed out of his bombs. The story line like this is, Jed and Nick don't care for each other of course. Jed then gets to meet the neighbors, Fran (Dolores Michaels) and Liz (Shirley Jones) Templeton. Once Jed begins to crush Fran, and of course I haven't told you that Liz continues to crush Jed. Then there is the issue of Uncle Jed's horse, the striker who has turned wild and did not allow anyone to treat him since Jed Jr's death. You may be able to fill everything that happens from that point yourself, to see if there is no real surprise. It does not matter, however, you will be happy at any time. If you go through a clear picture of Pat Boone, if the boy thinks bad, you will have trouble with all the other films. Considering that, Boone turns into a wonderful performance like Nick. Certainly the role does not need deep, but it is still a very good job when you could expect. Like Jed, Arthur O'Connell is the perfect choice for that role. In the early going, she can not be accepted by the cold, but decreasing by Nick slowly, we see that she is very good. Jeannette Nolan is very happy like Henrietta, who is always playing part of the mediator between Jed and Nick. Shirley Jones takes a break from Rodgers and Hammerstein and gets few opportunities to give us the talent of singing. Like Liz, she's good looking, it's nice to listen, and quite funny time. Dolores Michaels as Fran, who is a little more wild, is similar to entertainment. The best thing about April's Love, is that there is no real sense of connecting any kind of behavior to the screen. Not one real person in anything. Everyone enjoys you can't help but enjoy the film. I find it really enjoyable, as well as put your problems behind you and enjoy a picnic of summer with friends. Imagine as an old show of Andy Griffith and music numbers, a little more conspiracy, and a comprehensive technology of Technicolor. These songs are a mixed bag, with the song of April Love to be their best. Another thing I liked was that they did not return to using the back of the blue screen during the horse racing process, and they are a little more fun and exciting for it. In fact, you will find the whole picture with a delightful picture and it was good to see that they did not skimp in the department. Chemistry between Jones and Boone is good. The best is how delightful between Nick and Jed is seen as every attempt in some way to get some respect. <br /> <br /> This movie will never be confused with great movies. However, sometimes instead of going to Disneyland, someone just needs to enjoy a good garden, and that's the love of April is. <br /> <br /> My bridge: B + <br /> <br />
