I need to be 100% honest with you other IMD users. I wanted to see this film for a long time because of the poster. Is Charlotte Gainsbourg not very attractive and so interesting? I love the woman! I've got what I expected ... but only half. This film should provide expectations for those who enjoy all kinds of romantic comedies or stories involving mental humor and great situations. When I disagree with another IMDb user who says that the movie has been moved more; I must admit that "Prete-moi main" has many errors. My main problem with the film is a lack of screenshots among the main characters. There is no single place at the top that shows the main characters sharing the "love" time or even a suggestion suggesting that they are attracted to each other. In fact, just the event was with very short time (when both are in bed) and does not help the audience to understand about the possible interests of love. I didn't come to buy a sequence of dinner. Still, the movie provides a very short time and has a powerful dialogue that supports the same premise. I mean with confidence that it would be very difficult to carry such a horse and a 43-year-old man in these days. I understand it is a movie and that's why I accept it as a wonderful situation. Plus, humor is mixed. There is a time that involves S&M, interesting lines and best friend of Chabat, other lesbians, a funny situation involving family members, and more. Charlotte Gaionsbourg's performance is a high score and he is because of the movie watching. She is funny, sexy, looks very thin and fine, and shows that she is a brave and talented actor who can overcome the comedic and wonderful performance with great clarity. Alain Chabat is a good actor and gives a lot of good performance. I think the help used is doing what they can. <br /> <br /> The direction, direction of art, and other technical aspects are very good and provide the attention of the film. Those who enjoy this kind of movies should be happy after the last credit. It's a good example of feeling good movies.
