Before Crash, there was this interesting film called Grand Canyon. Released after 14 years earlier than the old film, Grand Canyon was a movie about two people from different backgrounds who come together as more friends of life. For me Crash was still the best film, but Grand Canyon did not have anything. From the Los Angeles area, a high-school lawyer named Mack (Kevin Kline) takes a shortcut through the seedier side of the city just to have his car to break the worst time. He asks for a tow truck, and is waiting for some time, just to quickly be threatened by a group of dangerous people who want his car. Recently the truck driver of the tow comes in full time, and out of Simon's action (Danny Glover) take a truck off. All men are threatened, but Simon can isolate himself, Mack, and drive out of serious trouble. It is from here that the friendship goes between two men more than life and Mack to help Simon as Simon helped him from a dangerous situation earlier. You see Simon Deborah's sister (Tina Lifford) lives in a dangerous area with her two children, and fear for her older son who seems to go through the streets at night with other bad people. Mack gives them the best chance to live and also ask Simon and his friend Jane's secretary (Alfre Woodard). This is the main plot of the film, but there are small squares similar to the above-mentioned Secretary (Mary Louise Parker) and Mack's wife (Mary McDonnel) who finds a child left behind after their son Roberto (Jeremy Sisto in The first of the movie has gone to the camp for summer, and continued his own life soon. All these plots are collected in one controversial film that uses a police helicopter as an example of life and as a bridge to insert different scenes. This simple device works well and helps with the flow of stories. <br /> <br /> Director Lawrence Kasdan, whose biggest movie on this date was Big Chill, has created a good movie here. Release is best, and many ideas are well thought out, but woe is too low because some points, which would make the film more stable, open. The story involving the secretary is one, and the second of Simon's nephew is another. These scenes should have been far beyond the whole story, and then the comment maybe Lawrence Kasdan of life among the upper and lower classes would have been more at a higher level than a very good. Still Grand Canyon was increasingly anticipating the prospects, and yes you will find a view of the island on which this film was named after it. There is also a small role for Steve Martin as Davis, a producer of violent films, who offers his views on life, and has a small part to play in the thought of this movie.
