If you want to know how many of the actors and directors in the Hollywood area "made" where they are, many will tell you (they think they will say) that an extraordinary accident happened. They met to meet the right people at the right time and enter the correct project that was led by another relationship with other projects. Quinten Tarrantino took a class of acting who the teacher knew Harvey Keitel. Kevin Spacey raised a step back from an old woman lying in a famous actress who helped her to play an important role. And Robin Williams believes his work for the son of Gary Marshall who, after seeing "Star Wars", suggested to his father that a visitor should visit Cunninghams "Happy Days". These interactions, often seen as pure luck, many shades of work in Hollywood today. Or is it good luck? Is something else going on? The "Grand Canyon" written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan, suggests a completely different explanation of misunderstanding, unfortunate surprises. The film deals with a number of different characters whose lives are split due to occurring and occurring. Kevin Kline, a middle-aged father, finds a break in one of the most dangerous areas of LA. After hitting a tow truck, a group of young people caught him. They threaten violence if it does not provide his car. Before the fight can spread, Danny Glover looks like a truck driver and reduces the purpose of the group. Although Glover refuses later, he probably saved Kline's life. The producer (Steve Martin) of the cheapest price gets a foot shot and after the county has a spiritual experience. Then it announces retirement to produce blood and entertainment for the year. And Kline's wife, Clair (Mary McDonnell), during the morning jog, finds the baby hidden in other leaves. He said the child cried for him and that the "rescue" of the child was already ready. The movie explores the results of this wonderful relationship that causes further relationships, end of relationships, and a new start. And all the time, a homeless man is seen in a movie like that he is somehow connected to everything going on. <br /> <br /> It is very rare in Hollywood, or for the general film, to examine the subject as a clean esoteric. There is a short time that seems unlikely, but maybe that's the point. What makes the film work is a good act of cast. Although miracles and plans may not seem to be done, executives make it believe that they are faced with these new things. Maybe this is a lesson we should explore more often.
