I returned to Grand Canyon earlier this year when I decided to arrange the best list over the 1990s. I first saw the film when I was 17 years old. How did I feel about it? It was knocked out, and it was highly recommended, by Siskel & Ebert in 1991, and finally I got it on the video after a year. <br /> <br /> It is a good film, a powerful film, a healing film, about the power of listening, really listening to each other. I have seen it six times now, and it inspires and encourages me to look at each other. But why the poor view of this movie? The Maltin movie guide offers two out of four. Also melodramatic, very unfortunate, and also sappy, are the words that read more. Yes, there is a melodrama in this story, and yes, there is a lot of misfortune, too. But it gives power and strength that seem to be a treasure. For all the "conspiracy" in the Grand Canyon, such as hitting a car for shooting, assaulting the police, an earthquake, a matter of love, the discovery of a woman's child in the forests, another shot, a nearby accident and a new driver, and advice worldly from a homeless person, this film succeeds because of good performances by Kevin Kline, Steve Martin, Mary McDonnell, Alfre Woodard, Danny Glover, and Jeremy Sisto. It also succeeds because of the leadership and writing of Lawrence Kasdan. You know that this is not just another film when you take a look at the beginning of the film that involves Kevin Kline with abuse and four black youth. Danny Glover has a tow truck driver who helps Kline's behavior, but not before getting the abuse too, and the group leader. Listen to the discussion as a child suggests Glover, "Do you fear me because of me, or because I have a gun?". The Grand Canyon is filled with one area of ​​awareness after another. Steve Martin should be selected for the best actor as a film producer with a change of heart and a change of mind. I think his character is a warning that "good" can bring us to the front, that idealism is good, but one that we must fight regularly rather than rely on. I am afraid that the Grand Canyon could disappear forever in the desert of new non-new releases in the video store. But with current contracts on an old record as less than 99 cents, I ask anyone who has read right now from a review from an auditor who will thank you after the lease, Grand Canyon is something special. If you liked Magnolia, another great movie on the great humanitarian theme, you will love Grand Canyon, too.
