This production took place between the 1980s, and it seems to be the first great attempt to put BLEAK HOUSE on celluloid. No novel version of the novels (it seems to be rich in sticks that actually serve as counterpoints for each other, so it would be very difficult to minimize). This book was the only attempt of Dickens to do the central editor (one in two at work) woman, Esther Summerson. Esther is resurrected by her aunt and uncle, who (in the usual style of Dickens) treats him. He is legitimate, but they will not tell him anything about his birth. Later we are involved with respect, Sir Leicester Dedlock, and his wife. Lady Honoria Deadlock (Dame Diana Rigg) has a more difficult time about her personal life and the involvement of the family consultant Tulkinghorn (Peter Vaughn). We also collaborate with the actions of Richard Carstone (Esther's partner) trying to win the case of real estate coverage, Jarndyce v. Jarndyce, which everyone (even Richard's cousin John Jarndyce - played by Desmond Elliot) warns the effort. Dickens was a law writer and then a parliamentary writer before writing a lie. Starting with the breach of the pledge trial in PICKWICK PAPERS, Dickens carefully watched the law. Mr. Bumble said it was "ass" in OLIVER TWIST and Dickens would support the same view from time to time. He looks slums as the reasons for the birth of a crime in TWIST, that the law does not try to heal. Attacks legal laws and real estate, as well as very powerful lawyers and ambitious lawyers (Tulkinghorn, Vholes) in BLEAK HOUSE. In the LITTLE DORRIT he attacks the debtors of the debtors (he had also beaten in David COPPERFIELD). In our friend MUTUAL he looks for testators and will. IN THE OFFICE OF THE EDWIN DYIN She appears to go to the murder case. Dickens was more important than legal institutions than most of its days, including Thackeray. But the novel also looks at other problems (like love and false religion, the Scottish detective power of Yard, the social snobbery in the industrial revolution). He also uses a novel story involving various people: Leigh Hunt the author, Field Inspector of Scotland Yard, and even Mary Manning famous. Many of these points were kept in this series of mini-series series. If displayed again on the cable, take it.
