Not surprisingly this film won 4 prices, it is an ongoing movie for any soul, it is not surprising why it has taken Paul Reiser 20 years to finally give and talk to Peter Falk about his idea. I can understand every part of it, this is a movie that will make you cry, or thousands. Story: 10/10 When Sam kleinman gets a letter from his wife about leaving him to find something else his child and he will take out on a road trip to look for him, and when they do so get something lost, friendship, family, and love for each other. At first you know what will happen, but there is nothing that is not easy to think from the beginning to the end, it is a journey between father and son, and husband and wife. Not surprisingly it took Paul Reiser 20 years to write this beautiful romance / comedy. Artists: 10/10 Well, they say anything that I'm saying, he's with Peter Falk in it, he's a story of everything he does in movies is magic, when you use Peter Falk in romance / comedy you think you get? Full results, it is not appropriate that this film is complete and has won a lot of price. As a student Paul Reiser is doing a good job, though he is not always a good actor that does not mean that this did not really work Falk Falk and Paul Reiser has a perfect Father and Son, the rest are cast good enough but they see it just as they say they are doing what they can get to even more. Music: 10/10 It doesn't work when you use music sometimes it's not the same but it's nothing in this movie, music is perfect, it makes the film even more compelling. This part of the film will shine as far as another place, the loud sound of Romance / Comedy which certainly. <br /> <br /> Total: 10/10 There are many Romance / Comedy movies out on the region, DVD, Blu-ray and not, but this movie is one of the special. it does not come every day so you can create a story like this, it takes years to think about this and the fact is that what was actually done to do, the big piece that should be bought and put into the human spirit, see when you grow up and see your father during old age, I think then this movie will begin if no one has ever done.
