"Something About My Followers" came as a surprise. We had no idea what to expect. The film directed by Raymond DeFelitta, and based on the screen to play with his star, Paul Reiser, proved to be a good time in the movie. Although the film is predictable and we know what will be the result, this is a discovery journey where Ben gets to know his father, perhaps for the first time in his life, Ben sees his father why he is true, and not the historical figure he has. <br /> <br /> The movie seems to be a car for his star, Peter Falk, and he runs away from the movie, as expected. Mr. Falk, one of the most popular participants in movies during this period and in previous years, is a stature actor, he must have a calculation. As Sam Kleinman, a distant father to Ben, he is a misunderstood person, not just for Ben, but seems to be a whole family with his wife of forty-seven years. When Muriel, Kleinman's wife, is going, everyone is scared because this woman, who has become a great example of the family, is important to ensure everyone unite. I don't know where he's gone, Sam shows Ben's house confused because he feels he is left, suddenly, and a married woman has been faithful for all the years. Ben, the youngest, takes his father on a search for a house he wants to buy so he can get his family from Manhattan in the country. The trip gives an excuse to Ben to be a prisoner with his father in ways that he did not know about why an old man had explained the figure to his younger son. Along the way, the father and child know how they love each other and how they did not know the old man had his children. Sam's love for Muriel takes many years to know; seem to be inevitable. Peter Falk is great in the film. He makes Sam Kleinman better, a man who suddenly knows his life is about to change for the worse. Mr. Falk shines like an old man and there is no false movement in his interpretation of a man whose whole world descends under it. It is not to be a fan of Paul Reiser, we must acknowledge as Ben Kleinman, he is right. Ben and his father discover how much they all have with their love for Muriel, a mother who has given her life for putting family together. Olympia Dukakis looks just at the end of the film. He gives a great contribution as a refugee mother. Elizabeth Perkins plays Rachel in a beautiful style. <br /> <br /> The film has a good thanks to watching Dan Gillham's movies, with the best color music by Steven Argila. Finally, the film shows a great team effort between its director, Mr. DeFelitta and Paul Reiser who wrote on the screen. Although this film is clear to an audience of the past, it should please anyone.
