Three thirds of IMDb users of nearly 2,000 who have voted on this film have been tested for 8, 9 or 10 with a single report on six videotapes (Is this a record, or just a VCR caused?). Although the film is intended to be a piece of the period it is obviously interesting. But for some reason I thought it was large and dirty and even recently has never felt the need to look at it. My intention was changed by Elizbeth Von Arnim's first book. My wife likes to read but her sight did not allow her to read so much she borrowed from the book form. Such books convince a friend who is busy, but gradually I know that this was reproducing, although without a good way, and it was also very well written. I found my wife would be happy to watch the film, and so she decided to give her a videotape. Now I am so glad that I did, and of course I would recommend his purchase to anyone else who enjoys a quiet reflective work without fire but for the development of good habits and great original Islamic achievements. The story has been put in the short time of WW1 after starting with two London women who have decided to save their savings and enjoy the holidays together, away from their families, in a planned house in Italy. The power of the situation causes these couples to join with two others and characters with very different backgrounds. His head is no more than the interaction that takes place when their holiday is going on, not only among these four mature women, but also a male visitor from time to time. If you want to be active, exciting, major sexual events, natural or human tragedy, or the style of this Harlequin style will not be a film for you. But IMD users have gathered together and very clearly that none of these are important for the film to verify itself worth viewing, and if you expect to try them you can, as I did, have a title among your favorite films. It is very rare for me to watch a book book that I am ready. I have often seen this taking pleasure away from watching the film, but here is a strong appeal to see in a situation that I have found my happiness has increased by expecting to see the next section of the book, correctly opened before my eyes. (Perhaps Italy itself has this part, the last time I experienced this experience when I was watching the story from Decameron's Boccaccio TV.) In general films tend to raise an extraordinary rate of initial work to make sure that the version carried out has a broader appeal , but here if anything is reduced in order to keep viewers on the development of behavioral behavior rather than any natural phenomena. This works very well, although the changes from the book are few and basically the film remains the original story. The biggest loan is due to the Director, Mike Newell, and all members of the cast, especially those known to the British who play four women.
