Three girls, the parents of the Gaylord family, one of the United States royal family, are orphans at an early age. Before going to France to fight WWI, their father tells the elders, Fiona, never selling the land. While sisters have grown up, they have to run a lot of money to pay lawyers to defend their property. Through some restrictions on the will of the father, a man named Charles Barclay stands in possession of Gaylord's land, which he wants to build a complex called Barclay Circle. Barclay is actually the foundation of John D. Rockefeller, who was buying land and buildings from a valuable family in New York so he could build a Rockefeller Center. This video works especially with melodramatic problems of three sisters. Fiona, well played by Barbara Stanwyck, though certainly should not be counted as one of his best duties, looks like a cold, strong woman, and it becomes apparent that she has some bones in her closet. Susanna, played with Nancy Coleman, is very young and is quite fond of a small modern artist named Gig Young. Coleman was my favorite performance in the film. Evelyn, played by Geraldine Fitzgerald, is a very wise monocle seductress who was married in good blood in the UK, but that does not prevent her from trying to steal Gig from her sister. Three sisters are well organized but, like a great trend in Gay scholars, never enough. Charles Barclay is played by George Brent. He is not very good. Well, he will have a satisfaction if the story had been done how it should be, but it always looks like a scumbag in the film. When asked to sympathize with him at the end of the film, it is impossible. Gig Young plays with, huh?, Gig Young. No, he's not playing himself. What happened is that the actor, who had worked on several movies previously under his real name, Byron Barr, was emphasized by Warner Brothers to change his name to be a bigger thing. I do not know who made the final choice, but eventually changed his screen name for Gig Young, after a character who plays in Sisters Gay. Weird, eh? Young people are very good through many films, but the script makes bad things and its behavior at the end of the film which ultimately hurt the audience's effects for it. In two other roles, Helen Thimig and Gene Lockhart are quite good. Gay Sisters were able to be one of the largest sagas of the family sagas. All characters are interesting, as their condition. Unfortunately, the script never attempts anything more than a simple melodrama. If it had made the cooperation of all the major characters become more complicated, for example, the competition between Evelyn and Susanna or made a flashback became more complicated, the film could be extraordinary. It could also delete more information, let us know more about Gaylord's family. We need more care about the characters and we need to be more compassionate. And that end was very much needed to strengthen. It's basically just gives the ultimate. Fiona problems are solved so badly they hurt. Any mildness of his character had found if the film continued to fall off. It is also fun too. This story seems to go towards a tragedy, or maybe only the meaning of historical significance or loss. And we still hate Barclay. And the war between the two sisters and the Gig is unstable. As bad as the story of Fiona, the end of Susanna, Gig, and Evelyn is worse. <br /> <br /> I still loved the film. It is absolutely necessary, even if it does not involve us as some other films. 7/10, especially for its possibilities. It had to be remade, or a novel should be changed, at some point during the label. It is also dated to be remade now. The 1950s would have been a good time, during the film as Giant.
