I first saw Rob Roy twelve years ago. For a little money for entertainment, I used it for my widow and I looked at the cold day of the bone. The movie I had wanted was gone, so I hired this rather, not expecting a lot, and was very surprised by how good it was. I recently looked at it again, and I loved every bit as the first time. For those who do not know the story, it is about the Scottish defendant Robert Roy MacGregor, the veteran and hero of the people. From the little I know about man and his story, liberty is taken by the truth, but it's a movie, not a book, and so the filmmakers can be released. Basically, the plot of the cinema is that Roy Roy is charging money from the Marquis of Montrose to buy a cow where he expects to sell and reap big benefits from. But, his plan takes place when a friend promised money is stolen and stolen in the forest. Our hero finds himself after failing to deal with Marquis, and Maria, his wife, has rape rape in the hands of Archibald Cunningham, a non-English Englishman. Evil verified, until, for a great conclusion, Rob writes Archibald up as a Christmas turkey. There are many good displays in this film, but let me get in touch with a few. Liam Neeson, as usual, is amazing, sexy animal you can not take your eyes off. In fact, this person is like ice cream: even when he's bad he's good. Rob Roy is an honorable man who tries to give those who trust him, in the best way he knows how. Jessica Lange, like Maria, gives this woman a bad woman who is a positive change from the audience, who are attracted to the common madness website they have to endure. You know only that it does not take any b.s from Rob, or someone else for that matter. Tim Roth is the highest on its transparency Archibald, but somehow, it works. All messages and enhancements, as well as bad conversations, lead to one of the most unpopular films in recent memory. Include all of these, with the work of stellar and other players' help, and the luscious environment of Scotland, and you have what is similar to a real, realistic movie. If you haven't seen this, I recommend very much to do.
