In 1995, when many people spoke of the great witness of BRAVEHEART and Mel Gibson, they also saw another very good movie, but it has been hit under Scottish history, ROB ROY. Although it is a very different film, especially because of the historical period when the story is put in place, ROB ROY has a lot of common not only with BRAVEHEART's amazing but also the very spirit of epic movies. is a film that speaks of the same theme, like fighting with respect, courage, respect, revenge, family being the key to happiness. It also leads us to the great joys of Scotland hills where the human soul finds their rest in and around all natural sizes. Robert Roy MacGregor (Liam Neeson), the main character is a true hero (so both in epics), a kind of "Scottish Robin Hood" who strives to lead his people from the oppression of the cold lords. Although he harms his condition in a practical way, he needs to suffer a lot, two things remain in his mind undoubtedly: HOMES have been given by himself and his wife, Mary MacGregor (Jessica Lange). That takes him to unexpected events ... <br /> <br /> Except for interesting content and clear action, the film is full of fantastic images. This reason has to do all with sets and films with the wardrobe. Many times memorable to sit in the mind of any viewer who can express themselves in the artistic pictures. For me, the most splendid area was on the High Mountains when Rob Roy told his boys what honor means. Then, he sends them away and beautifully makes love for his wife. The area of ​​Marguis's Montrose (John Hurt) on the waterfall is also worth looking like a wonderful picture. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are some gender violence, such as duel for example, but I don't think this violence will be as bad as most modern films. Its validity is like any other epic: blood and brutality of those times were very serious and there would be no guarantee of hiding. The most disturbing part, for me, was the rape done by Rob Roy's wife and story story: Archibald Cunningham (Tim Roth). It is really disgusting and children must definitely stay away. However, all others are O.K. However, there is one feature that has loved me this film, the show. All those made are doing a full job, from Lian Neeson who is a very successful, long-term, brave, powerful man of Scotland who supports Brian Cox who shows Killearn the evil, the silent evidence of evil actions. feels good and evil of war. Jessica Lange is very good as Mary MacGregor and has a good time in the film. There is a chemistry between Ms Lange and Mr Neeson in their many cases. John Hurt, one of the best British actors, works very hard like Marguis of Montrose, a lost person whose money is his own goal is available in any way. I would like the stability of his display. But the real villain plays with Tim Roth who shows in reality the odds of his character, Archibald - a lover of love, who loves war and who finds true passion in rape and slaughter. But, as in any beautiful wonders, this unique evil should get to its end ... And another more feature: musical symbols: such unapproved and sad tunes that should hear in the ears for a long time. The last time you touched me with tears not only because of the beauty you are presenting but because I have connected to these very fun tunes and sizes of places. Scotland remains in the heart of his guest and this movie reminds me of this permanent effect. It was, like, my second trip to Scotland. ROB ROY is a very good movie, well-directed, photographed and made. Perhaps it does not have BRAVEHEART similar to its amazing sets and extra categories on war screens, but it's a long film and a great precaution placed on one important feature of the cinema should have: amazing entertainment and heart training. I enjoyed the film, do not hesitate to call it in a romantic “entertainment entertainment” place and measure 9/10
