Evil for this beautiful film that was released the same year as Braveheart. Although it is a different type of film, the conflict between the Scottish people and the English leadership is the front and middle here too. About 400 years had passed through Braveheart's time by Rob Roy, but other things have not been seen to change. Scottland is still run by English officials, and the inhabitants of the land can never be seen to find a break when dealing with them. Rob Roy has done well, but it's not a great epic which Braveheart was. There is no great war, and the crisis here is more than individuals. And for help not all English are shown as evil at this time. Rob Roy is the only film on those who are polite, and those who are really evil. Liam Neeson has a characteristic title Rob Roy MacGregor. He is the leader of the MacGregor clan and his primary task is to defend and protect the cattle of the local ruler of the Marquis of Montrose (John Hurt). Things appear to be bad for the MacGregor clan during winter, and there seems to be a lack of food for everyone. Rob Roy plans to borrow 1000 pounds from Marquis and buy his own cattle. So he would sell them at a high price and spend money to improve the welfare of his community. Sound enough, don't you? Problems occur when two Marquis monitors steal money themselves. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, is probably the worst character of the film. He played with Tim Roth, this man could not be wise who was sent to live with Marquis and his mother. This person has evil, anger, no heart, and danger to the sword. He is born a child and a hand girl and refuses to join the role. He resides in Macgregor's wife and burns her outside her house. This person is really as rotten as the film characters come. With other Marquis angles (Brian Cox) Cunningham steals money and uses to pay for its own debts. Although it is very obvious for most people it happened, Marquis still takes MacGregor into debt. This creates conflicts that will take a lot of life and resist the power of man just to fight for his glory. <br /> <br /> Tenants ahead !!!!! Luckily to MacGregor, Duke who is not a friend of Marquis has put the last duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham to resolve one and all the crisis. This battle of the sword has been observed and many have been among the best published. Cunningham is considered by many to be the winner of the point and speed with his grace. And in many battles, it seems like these qualities will prevail. When it just looks like Rob Roy is completed, it returns to the table in a terrible manner. The first time you see what happens, you will probably be charged as Cunningham! Rob Roy has done with beauty, worked wonderfully, and walked perfectly. Color is quite memorable, too. Creative elections seem to have been done as Jessica Lange, who appears to have come from her feature, actually returns to a powerful exhibition like Mary MacGregor. The film is violent, but not too many. It is a picture of lustful desires, however. Glory is largely playing as an engagement with evil. The film is not clear, so it gets 10 stars out of 10. <br /> <br /> Hound.
