** Observation of Spoilers ** <br /> First, I would say that Rob Roy is one of the best 90s films. It was an amazing achievement for all involved, especially Liam Neeson, Jessica Lange, John Hurt, Brian Cox , and Tim Roth. Michael Canton Jones created a beautiful picture of honor and shame that men can represent themselves. But alas ... <br /> <br /> is constantly, and certainly finds compared to "Braveheart". These are two very different films, perhaps just the same in the fact that they are all about Scots in the historic Scotland. However, this comparison often bothers me because it seems to be almost assumed that "Braveheart" is a better film than "Rob Roy". I would "Braveheart" a lot, but the idea of ​​comparison with "Rob Roy" is a bit to insult me. Simply put, I like "Braveheart", but it's a shadow of the color of how much I love "Rob Roy". Here are my reasons for ... <br /> <br /> - "Rob Roy" is about real people. <br /> <br /> Let's say, William Wallace in "Braveheart" is not a real person. He is a story, a witness, a greater than the head of the face. Because of this manifestation, he is also a perfect man, unable to do wrong, and essentially showing his Scottish people to the promised land. When he finally will fail, not to his fault. Like Jesus, he was sent by people who had trusted him. It even goes through the worst suffering because it wants more freedom. <br /> <br /> Wallace Example has been done well and efficiently. But it is not very good or love me. I see more human understanding than connecting more than human perfection. That is why "The Last End of Christ" is a better film than "King of Kings", and that is also one of the reasons I think "Rob Roy" is better than "Braveheart". Rob Roy can be a brave and brave, but he is far from perfect. He makes several mistakes that affect the lives of many of his loved ones. Now, indeed, without giving false claims to the Duke of Argyll it was an act of respect and courage, but it was also an act of loyalty and self-reliance. Let's not forget that the kinfolk which he claimed to protect was expelled without a film without a film because of this act. But Rob did his best, and that's all you can ask him. Rob's mother, Mary's mother, is also an ordinary, ambigious man. Let's start with, and how he looks in this film. Indeed, she is good, but she wear makeup and essentially allows her natural beauty to show. Compare this with two will (or one, according to your view) of William Wallace in "Braveheart". Now these two women are hot, but very difficult to show how women looked at the time (especially the people who were planned). Maybe it's not a fair comparison, but it's just another example of how Roy Roy's experiment is more appropriate. <br /> <br /> In "Rob Roy", Maria lives with her brutal rape and carrion of dastardly, Cunningham. He feels forced to tell Rob of his fight, but not because he knows that Rob must take revenge for his rape. That redemption actually refers to the death of Rob, and Mary is not preparing for the sacrifice. <br /> <br /> Criminals in "Rob Roy" is similar to forcing. Although the enemy in "Braveheart" is well written, they have no origin. Robert Bruce, all brave and fearful man, complains to the moral decisions that are all in the family of the false world. Should he take his claim as king of Scotland, or should he give Wallace to ensure the security of his family name? Bruce is the most prestigious character in "Braveheart", but from Brutus in "Julius Ceasar" to Fredo in "God's Part of Meaning", these types of characters were not natural. Longshanks, though a compelling man for his own right, is very straightforward. He is a tragedy of evil, and his deceitful ways are quite different from Wallace's bravery. "Rob Roy" has three criminals who are amazing in their chicanery. First of all, let's start with Marquis of Montrose. He is a person who has been so much concerned with his own image, that he is willing to allow the innocent man to suffer for his sake. "See that I'm not laughing" are his words to love for his "cause". He is a strong, angry man that a beautiful man as a Duke of Argyll can be considered to be more powerful. He is ashamed of self-confidence and uncertainty. He is a bad aristocrat, but in ways that make him special. <br /> <br /> Cunningham and Callar are protesters in "Rob Roy", and also Roy's attackers directly. Callarn is very subtle in his fear that he is very close. He will do anything to maintain the beautiful love of Marquis, which includes back and fraud. Cunningham is a compulsory attitude because he seems to have been raised to do whatever he can to find the nature and love of Marquis. He needs a father, he doesn't know little that Marquis is his real father. Therefore, when the opportunity to get wealth comes from Callarn, it puts it without question. He is like the wickedness of a modern man, so he is involved and does not mean that he does not care about the consequences of his actions to others. Many have criticized the performance of Tim Roth in this film as confused. Hogwash I say. It is clear that Cunningham is not only evil but also psychopath in the film. In a world where a man and his stepon can go around shooting random people for amusement, is a very Cunningham very unpredictable character? We live in a society where people seem to have decreased the value of human life. "Rob Roy" teaches us only that the state of this decline has changed. It is a problem in human history that the vanity of the human heart will not allow the power of compassion. Rob Roy and Mary give us hope that good will succeed, but snakes will be in our world. Another character that I like is Duke of Argyll. He is true to the truth, and his honesty and honesty is quite different from the Marquis. He is grateful for Rob Roy and Mary's courage, and he has a direct problem with Marquis and his reason. He gives hope to the world for strong people. We hope, people like Marquis are discriminatory and not rule. <br /> <br /> - The last Duel in "Rob Roy" is the most exciting then 10 war in "Braveheart". <br /> <One thing I am leaving is people telling me that "Braveheart" is the best film because of the events of war. First of all, the events of the war are not original. From "Spartacus" to "Gladiator", Hollywood has had a long tradition of historical events of the European war. "Braveheart" has some of the best episodes of war set in the film, but it faces one of the most important problems. These parks have no context but to fight freely. Now, don't get in badly, duels aren't recommended before. In fact, there are probably 10 films with duels like there are wars. But the duel environment between Cunningham and Rob Roy is the beauty of sight. It is one of the major events in the history of the film. I would like to explain why ... <br /> <br /> First and foremost, the fight against reproduction to two characters in this flower describes the characters perfectly. Cunningham is effette and dangerous, Rob Roy is strong and courageous. Cunningham uses a sword of fence when Rob uses broadsword. Cunningham fights with the fastest movement, while the anti-Roy style seems more obvious. All films, from the first half of the slow to the second half exciting, leads up to now. It is powerful, and it is clear that Rob must destroy this horrible evil that has caused his whole world. When Rob finally gets the upper hand (literally and figuratively,) it is one of the greatest moments in the history of the film. Rob succeeds because he has more to live, and his honor is stronger than 10 Cunningham. Music use is very cool in this area. Winning over the real evil is more powerful than me to see the dude get disemboweled just so that he could cry "FREEDOM!". But hey, maybe that's just me. <br /> - "Rob Roy" is actually more than "Braveheart" <br /> <br /> I do not know that people in the aristocracy or Scotsmen talked as people in "Rob Roy", but I feel it is an attempt to capture their patterns speech. I feel that many people are suffering with "Rob Roy" just because they can't understand what the characters say. If that's the case, then read Shakesphere, or share the closest details. "Rob Roy" is actually one of the films written over 90 years. Most of the talks in this film are clever, but maybe you should watch the movie several times to understand it. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, talks in "Braveheart" are not very helpful. Of course, what do you expect when the main character is the Scotsman player who played with Australia? This is a story, and it was clear not an attempt to capture the speech of the times. This film is held hundreds of years before "Rob Roy", and still speaking as people today. For this reason many people love it well. Users today have become more lazy, and do not want to take time or patience to understand things that are difficult. So, like many epic films, they expect to see villians say the so-called English talent when the heroes speak in a common language not too far from our American language. In fact, it is clear that Wallace is Scotish, but not just as Scotty's voice from Star Trek and several "Aye", the Scots in this film fit into Hollywood culture of how we believe that Scots should be heard. <br /> <br /> Therefore, this description proves that "Rob Roy" is a better film than "Braveheart"? Not possible. But if it proves one thing, it shows that it is a common skill that "Braveheart" is a better film than "Rob Roy". To put it easily, "Rob Roy" is a film that has the most popular themes in the world today. "Braveheart" is a film about a story that encourages but can't be true. You can make a decision about what you think is best ... <br /> <br /> Grade - A Score - 9
