TIME WORKERS! This is for people who have seen MOVIE !! <br /> Comments have touched the main topic of "respect" in the film, and compare many with "Braveheart." I will show you a few things about this film that I have not seen other ideas touching on: The first habit of getting pregnant is a partner of Rain (Roth), and when she suggests pregnancy, she says it's too late for it. Shame of his condition ("I'm a bastard of bastard") causes suicide in the future. The second habit of getting pregnant is Maria, Rob's wife, after raping and Roth's behavior (and at least the sexual place with her husband, Rob). At the end of the film, like Rob leaving for the last battle with Roth, Mary asks what she should do about a natural pregnancy course, and hinting the tone of the pregnancy. Rob responds positively, "not the child's fault," and then says what he thinks the name must, girl or boy. I see this "pro-life" view on the part of the hero being very un-Hollywood. Rob walks from the darkness of the house to the outside of the outside to make these comments - not a sign of a button. The other topic related is the character of Roth is a bastard, a person who does not really know who his father was, and has a few words to his mother, though wearing his picture in a closed case from his neck. Is it unfortunate that Roth (without the stability of the family) is the definition of a walk of psychopath, while Rob is a strong man / father, and of course the hero. In the final battle of the sword between Rob and Villain (Roth), the old pieces that are very close to the chest - on the left side of the chest, on the heart. His employer and the papa's father (John Hurt's character) holds the picture of the mother in his hand and looks at it, before he kills it from the neck of the dead Roth. What is also interesting is the direction of the rape area, which was not a perfect example but also not far-camera and meaningless. I was shocked in something that tells the truth, along with Maria by convincing the behavior of the person passing through trouble, and the post-crisis problem (as we call it now). My way is that rape was not feeling and not just, which I find the central road interesting for Hollywood to take. In the final fighting area, I have to adjust the original comment: Armor Roth chose was rapier (or perhaps a short sword), weapons Rob chose was Claymore. Someone was doing their homework for the whole area. Roth would have been more powerful in such a situation, but of course Claymore is a very clear Scottish weapon. Is it more amazing to me (like a fencer and someone who has read a little bit about it) is that this last sword war is one of the most interesting films made: Officials seem to be trying to kill each other - - it's not usually a war The blade of the opponents we see in a lot of films (including anti-opening film). Even more realistic in history, Roth looks several times using rapier as a wanted weapon, which is a purpose for design! (Rapiers were edged, but especially an impressive and aside weapon used especially for parrying opponents prefer.) Rob uses Claymore in wider slashes, as it is intended design. Fighting goes down if I want to expect - Roth will succeed effectively. Although Rob holds a day to grab the Roth's weapons (more example) and beat the dead with a sharp cut. Folder, it's a RARE to see this level of historical accuracy in the filing of the film. <I will also see that for any reason, I remember 1995 (the release date) clearly as during the mistrust of the US government. Hollywood was clear to focus on it, and the release of all "Rob Roy" and "Braveheart," and I think opposing the government is why all the films get very similar. I think a different perspective that this film offers is fun for powerful film fans, tired of the same old message, not hidden from Hollywood.
