Scottish's Michael Caton-Jones period takes a little relationship with Sir Walter Scott's novel name ... <br /> <br /> The movie opens in the Scottish hills, and Robert Roy McGregor and his men hunt hunting thieves The bulls who stole several head of the bull's head James Graham ... The area takes the place to fight a sword to attend with dignitaries with long-term wigs, adorned shirts, narrow colored garments, finely designed fingers. usually. MacGregor lives under the protection of a local master named Marquis of Montrose ... When he enters an unintentional business agreement with Montrose, he leaves himself without regard to the harmful effects of Montrose's evil- actors ... Their exposure is a creative part of the The most interesting of the movie, though it takes a turn to hurt and violence of violence ... When Rob Roy finally was forced to rebel against the English soldiers, the action becomes better to understand, end up with the pre-empowerment of a professional and a professional blade ... Liam Neeson irritates the cunning and passion for his character ... He is intelligent, just and powerful ... He carries his height and grace as a Scottish ruler of a small community ... He is a loving father, loving partner , and a good husband, being sent to despair by the dastardly criminals ... He loves to die rather than lie or accuse the faith. Oscar winner Jessica Lange gives a class of film as a very powerful volunteer wife, a proud and proud woman, brutally beaten by a female psychicist ... The Lange lines are full of respect and integrity: 'I will think of you dead, till the husband my will do it. And then I won't think of you again. '<br /> John Hurt brings his usual heroic work and behavioral responsibilities to make Montrose something more than a greedy Marquis, fury and money and anger in the English court style for Foppery ... He is a proud and proud person. The two servants of pride in his ministry ... Honor, in his view, seems to be a strange concept ... He has two goals: to destroy the reputation of his opponent, Duke of Argyle, and to hunt MacGregor who runs ... He sends his troops to burn the house Highlanders, killing their people and their livestock ... <br /> <br /> Tim Roth ?? The perfect antithesis for the hero, it is a fearful and mysterious to be strong ... He is a master of the ignorant UK, a great sword of 'hired' for good evil, to suppress and kill his way through Scotland's mist ... His name is Archibald Cunningham ... He returns to be a liar, a thief and a murderer ... He isolates himself as a "but bastard abroad, looking for his luck and favo of good people," and therefore he cannot care about any other person: "Love is a hill of ivory and I am a rooster who climbs on it crying. "He even says that once he was a young man who pretended to be a girl ... <br /> <br /> Cunningham seems to be worried ... He laughs gently, and speaks words and solutions that have been affected, but it is not serious consequences until the muscle surprises. he will insult him, and we find that he is the head of cold and expert sword ... He stole the film by the performance that made him the Best Shepherd Assistant Actor ... And when Brian Cox was disgusted as Killearn, Andrew Keir is a Montrose opponent. , the local aristocrat, the Duke of Argyll, one of the few honest McGregor people meets with his own family ... <br /> <br /> Put Scotland's 18th century, and for the color of the sky music, 'Rob Roy 'is a story of love between a man and his wife, a human story of recognition, uncertainty made by' Braveheart 'of Mel Gibson, which says a very similar story of the hatred of the English homeowners' home. most powerful ...
