You're waiting to see if the remake is better or worse. I tested the movie of Audie Murphy 3 (I am a strict farmer), the smallest little I have given Audie (the worst to be "the war in stone supply" if you want). I give this movie a rating of "8" (and I am a sharp farmer) It is a story of the civil war story of "rebel" rebels, if you want to call, against the North. People like Quantrell, and men who went to this violation. The content was the water of the water, the most cleaned, still showing the fear of what these people did. Actually, movies such as the old version are well watched by the adult audience, who can identify the story. I would like to have a higher level of testing "R" and this, for a gruff, GP, because a new movie offers a very honest version, a message that is easily considered by young people than an old version. <Br /> <br /> Film filters since the early seventy years have boasted about "authenticity", but few of them offer. Instead, they provide an event of copper, fabric clothing, and drawings, but for the color of the comic card characters, the weakness of the era of the spaghetti. Modern filmmakers have found this error. It is evident in the best Western style we see today. This movie is typical. It provides realistic settings, but it also gives us the characters we can believe at that time. It has little, which makes it perfect for a little hard, and has an unspecified condition. But the unspecified conditions are the same long-term movie that holds, and the characters enjoy enough. It starts with little, but it improves. The main character is one we can recognize, and at least have compassion for. The style of Audie Murphy's original movie was unacceptable, and is also very fair without motivation. <br /> <br /> Characteristics in this film follows the true fighting lines of the hero. There is motivation, and the way of his spirituality. We never know it is "right", but we can understand where it comes from. <br /> <br /> There are many steps in the film. There is also humor. One good place is when the heroine tells a hero who cannot lie with him, and he reduces. This game makes it possible to do what filmmakers have tried to do for decades. The director and the author's team got the right. It is recommended. Full success.
