So the neighbor was killing a neighbor. Reminds me of Iraq. When I was looking at the American flag (50 stars in 1864?) When they found behind the horse, I realized why burning a white piece of blue and blue was not as sensitive to our damage / disregard of the Justice Act. I am South, and you must have a historical record. Looking at the character of Tobey McGuire to learn to respect the respect of the former slave, as he looks at the scalps of whites and the Germans (his tribe) fought in the poker game ..... was interesting. Many are missing this film. The wife, who has to enter into her marriage, shows two desires and strong passion, qualities that we were not used to see in the 'south of Victorian' beauty. The lost Heaven out of the rebels gave me some insight into why my cousin, the head of Copeland Horse-thieving Gang, Inc. in Mississippi, he was bound on that time. The band of homeless men were around the countryside, armed. Remind Iraq? And how are we under the facade of religion and ethnicity? And why South countries have fought with civil war today. We are still not able to use this knowledge in our care of the country we invade and hold, leading to the civil war everywhere. That's the Mesopotamia, which is now called Iraq, who happens to be unfortunate to stay fat. Wildlife killers in Missouri, hitting lawrence Lawrence, Kansas may be easy to become fighters who we are fighting now without success. Another worst was the father's tax for Yankees who moved to Lawrence and strengthened school "even before strengthening the church. And for that reason, they will win." Huh ????? I was taught history in Birmingham, Al and we were taught that North was more than industrial and valuable ..... that's why they won. In fact, they also had God on their side. As you see here, the free slave shows that he tries to free his mother, sold in slavery in Texas. God, it is the worst bond of inheritance that you cast. Trying to do a very good job, a lot of blood and run as fighters ride on the battlefield (but they didn't hear any rebels, so reminding the football games in Alabama). Also get a real sense of stupid war, as bushwackers and jayhawkers gather their forces for another invasion. They have lost seeing why they are fighting, and so we. You are killed more without mind. You have also brought up so far with non-footed children from Iraq, like a bushwacker (ahh, what is known) first has his hand closed, trying to save it, then it's taken, then dies. Much suffering for that stupid reason. <br /> <br /> The movies are amazing. Now I have to go back to the DVD and get the production information, one of my favorite movies of any movie. I think that this film is written by Gore Vidal, as the language spoken is of the kind you can share with that time, if you know History. Talk is definitely stimulating thoughts. It's not your normal blood and war war, any way. You see the wounded soldiers but still working, still fighting because they have nothing else to do. You see the southern attackers, living away from the country, stole from discrimination. However, at first, you have seen a stop in battle, so women can be evacuated from danger. When I read an increasing number of women and children dying in Iraq, I think, "Where did we lose our sense of respect as people?" I forgot why I searched for this film and bought it after 20 years, but some book in its place accepted it. For good reason. Tobey at her best, before Spideyman. Buy DVD or rent. And tell me why others glorify us, not just the liberators who want me.
