Panda and the devil has something rich and special, as you can stand a slow development. In the face of the dark, fraudulent, terrorist war in the West in the West during the civil war (which turned out to be a disorder of the West in the early 1870s), the movie has an exciting, powerful environment. What I am trying to do is the character of music and film lights to make you feel the emotions you expect to feel. But the RWTD instead has a loud voice, and lets you speak words and actions to keep the sensation rather than being deceived by viewer's view. <br /> <br /> As a hindrance to this area of ​​CW history, m very impressed with the accuracy of the film. Diologue is a highly skilled text, (even with the occasional trick of humor) and the references of the publishers and the old fighting (Independence for example ... A great cry from Oregon Trail!). Small events occurring in the Jake band are similar to the actual events that happened ... In particular the attack when they are locked in the house, and the damage to the shop / hut. The war of war, though few, is well beaten. It even has the first CW battles that were put on the film recently. Turning on shows the talent everyone hopes for Ang Lee through subtle tactics. Example: Black John's behavior is shown to defy Lawrence's wife during the murder: "Where is your army?" Who should fight? "(Shoot then takes a trio of Confederate Regulars standing, making nothing to stop killing when the voice continues) You're all nervous!" Touch a bit like that to feed the film quality. There are no great places in history, something that cannot be mentioned on the hub of the film's glory, which is basically false within the scenario of major events that follow. Some minor problems include the fact that years as shown by the events represented were not added. But you will never see it. The great curiosity is the fact that the only African and American character in the film is the struggle of Jake's slaves and his Confederate breeders. It is true that some blacks were fighting for the Confederacy out there, including one who looked at Lawrence for Quantrill before the attack (Who could accuse him?). Although the black-fashioned rebels are a trademark (whatever the African-American Americans can think of), not one child of the United Nations Union is seen in the film, which would represent more black experience in Western CW. One of the first black regiments of CW brought Kansas (and Senator to kill Jim Lane, and before the 54th Mass of the organized merit), and the black soldiers in the war as Baxter Springs, KS, played a key role. <br /> <br /> There are no serious historical errors. Good, realistic action, which can not be bad and not exciting. Good Leadership. This film may not be a block of other blockbusters of the recent civil war, but it is cleaner than any other.
