The War of the Nations was perhaps the darkest time in the history of America; The war that made the brother against family and family against the family and left scars that today still have not been healed, and in all likelihood never. And, as in any story about any war, more than any historical significance is a personal strife behind a major crisis that makes an emotional impression. It is a humanitarian element that makes the line necessary to comment, which is what the director Ang Lee provides in 'Ride with the Devil,' a game of civil war where he focuses on personal work within the great description of the War itself, and on the way will include a bloodiest screening of War, a wonderful invasion of Lawrence, Kansas, and Quantrill and its attackers, which succeeds to show clearly from Confederate's point of view. In 1863, the unity of the Union involved in Kansas State, and even to the nearby Missouri border, those with Confederate trust found it difficult to hold against the Northern Elders, especially without the aid of what could be considered as ordinary civilians. 'Confederate'. And when things start to burn around their own town, Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) form their own band and join the fraud, making the Union damage cause every possible place. Jack Bull and Jake do not like War and do not like to kill; but they stand for what they believe to be right. There are others, however, even among themselves, men like Pitt Mackeson little (Jonathan Rhys-Meyers), who will use the crisis as a personalized car and if anything more than excuse to express their own nature of violence through unnecessary violence. , carried out in many cases against innocent victims. And so, for Jack Bull and Jake, as well as many like them, it becomes a time when honest and ethical judgments will be severely tested; when their souls will have blood. And they will have the Devil and the devil himself, against an invisible invisible character. As with all his films, director Ang Lee reaches his story through a trivial investigation, but a cult of ritual, cultural issues and ethical views of people and times he shows. And by doing so, Lee gives his audience a limited understanding of the issue that goes beyond the real story and ultimately provides, perhaps, to be more aware of the incentives that influence its characters and the game they are involved. If it is tradition and customs that deal with the relationship between fathers and daughters (`One Drink Woman Woman '), the impact of class differences (` Sense and Attention'), respect and principles that the hero lives with ('Crouching Tiger, Dragon) Hidden 'or moral values ​​arising from the lack of all of the above (' Ice Storm '), Lee protects his films with awareness of the human nature that takes them to a higher level. This film is not discriminatory; and (as he does with all his films), Lee says his story with the help of a beautiful movie (in this film, by Frederick Elmes, who also made the `Storm Ice 'gently), which under his leadership is under visual poetry. That is a special touch of Lee, and it adds an amazing feeling, of meditation to any story that he tells, which is one of the features that make his films so so memorable. Like Jake, Tobey Maguire brings the sense of youth guilt to a film that compares efficiently to maturity that informs the future as the story goes, and its character with it. More importantly, Maguire is believed and is actually responding to events that happen around him, which adds to the fiction of the overall film and emphasizes the authenticity of the presentation: his acceptance of death and the news of those 'killed' in various skirmishes and wars; the legitimacy of the ethics of those with whom they meet, even in those difficult times; blackmail, which because of the nature of the crisis is almost common; and the trust and faith that he and his colleagues hold. These are all that Maguire succeeds through its performance, and not limited efficiency. It is, however, a kind of learning, undergoing performance that is often taken for small space, which is unfortunate; This function deserves praise, and should be recognized. <br /> <br /> Skeet Ulrich is an effective, too, like Jack Bull, and Jewel (in his motion motion motion) returns in the active performance like Sue Lee Shelley. It's Jeffrey Wright, however, who stands in a position known as Daniel Holt, with Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, who brings Christopher Walken's risk as his role in Pitt. Also, in relation to the role of comeo (one area), Mark Ruffalo leaves a misunderstanding for a very short time of screen. Help (including John Caviezel) (Black John), Simon Baker (George Clyde), Tom Guiry (Riley), Tom Wilkinson (Orton Brown), John Ales (Quantrill), John Judd (Otto) Roedel) and Kathleen Warfel (Bi Chiles). Civil war will forever be wound open on the nation; but hopefully, as it progresses, it will be through a deliberate reflection of filmmakers like Ang Lee and film as 'Ride With Devil' which will ultimately help prevent violence and promote healing. Because of recent events, it is a very important thing, worldwide. Film is between power; can be educational as well as entertainment, and perhaps in more producers of later films, like Ang Lee, will embrace and promote a unified state in a way that shows sensitive events and attitudes that make us what we are. 8/10. <br /> <br/>
