Taiwan's director, Ang Lee, whose original films included 'Sense and Sensibility' and 'The Ice Storm', turned to the US Civil War for its most recent feature. According to the novel by Daniel Woodrell, it follows the actions of a group of South governments, known as pastoralists, as they are fighting against their northern balance, jayhawkers in the back of Missouri. If one can expect, there is a lot of visceral action, but the focus is on the tension that the war brings young people who have fought - most of them fought against their old neighbors and even families. Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) is such a person, or suppose, a boy, as he has just seventeen years when the war reaches Missouri. He is a German immigrant, but instead of following his countrymen and being one of the Union, he joins his long-term friend Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and lives with pastoralists. Despite the lack of acceptance because of his clan and the lack of interest in the killing of armed men, he remains faithful for that reason. Therefore, his friend Daniel Holt (Jeffrey Wright), a black slave has been opened by another bushwhacker and thus fighting in the South. Lee runs the matter with a stroke, never running a deeper understanding of the plot that requires practical grace and this gives the film a real war of the long battle of war and waiting has intervened with constant beatings. fierce fighting. That action is realistic and legitimate, recognizing that both sides have made a large number of evil. It is amazing, and Maguire and Wright are both confident and respectful. The Islamic and coming Islamist player Rhys Meyers associate him as a bloodthirsty, while Skeet Ulrich is very happy and proud. Lee never declines due to the realities of war, but its executives are doing a good job of displaying good that happens - the growth of friendship, courage and, to a large extent, the liberation of oppressed people. The ride with the devil is a good and compassionate film that always shocks but always motivates the audience.
