<br /> <br /> Expect a new movie of Ang Lee "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon," I saw this in a blockbuster and I wanted to try. Modern civil war is not an ordinary movie that I look at. Fortunately, I had a good feeling about this director. This movie was written surprisingly. The discussion is in the old southern style, but it does not hear the sound out of place and time. The amazing work helped this feature of the movie. Toby Maguire was amazing. I thought he was good (but nothing special) in Pleasantville, but here he shines. I have always thought of Skeet Ulrich as a good actor (but nothing special), but here he is also good. A great shock to me was Jewell. She was pretty good. Jeffrey Wright, who has never heard before, is also the best in this film. It seems to me that good text and good text and lead goes hand. Written films make executives look at the bad news and visa. This movie had a perfect mix. The characters seem brilliant and character development is amazing. This movie puts you want and you expect good things for other things and bad for others. Lets you get to know the characters, all of which are powerful and interesting. That way is hard, and puts you on the edge of your seat, I think, and ready for anything at any time. Often I was sure someone would be killed in silence on a film that was "very quiet" (describing a brilliant). This was also a very good movie. The environment did not have a breath to take (It is in Missouri and Kansas because the sakez) but there was great attention in setting natural settings. What? It does not feel bad and powerful feeling, but it continues beauty, which is very pleasant to the eyes. The movie was detailed. It told the story and by doing so you've thought about it. It had layers under the story of a civil war. Specifically, it focused on two characters who were not quite sure they fought. There were more detailed issues mentioned in this film, and much more to choose. It was a short, well-written story, full of artistic and extraordinary features that let you think when and after the story was made. If you would like good acting, writing, lots of votes, and some of the best leadership, see this film! Use this space.
