Easily 9 out of 10 films and director will continue to grow acceptance. But don't look at this movie hoping to be "interesting". Ang Lee takes the goal of looking at the unknown objective of civil war. What is good about the movie, like all films of Lee, is that they do not have "side" with its characters. He creates characters, includes life, problems, and controversies ... and gives them the fact that they are often too close to home than most deserving ones. This film has a step, but it is not for a lover of actions since violence is very disturbing and far from free ... for example as characters, it is true. And as you expect one of the most horrific wars of humanity, violence is terrible. But as an investigation of the human lack of humanity in the civil war, it is a jewel. Was war about slavery and destruction? Lee looks quite keen to erase the so-called line in pictures like Blue and Gray. Nor is it about dexterity, though, as shown in Gone with Wind. It's about freedom, about the desire to have something that belongs to you and to fight it. As you look at the characters, you will ask yourself "how can they fight to keep slavery?" The fact is, I don't think they are true, and because the film shows the problem of why many were caught in the maelstrom of the Civil War. The fact is clear that many of the characters we learn about are fighting out the feelings of loyalty to the "house" though they can never explore what the house represents or if they believe its values. The events of the letter are very moving and still subtle. Jake and Daniel are other examples of distinctive loyalty. And when the tension comes, these characters find themselves suddenly "free" ... we see the birth of new men. All this has been confused with the good intervention of humanity for breathing and frames. Lee has a style that is its, somehow Europe in its "art" (slow, unrushed cameras), Asia in its epic-ness and development of stories, and still somehow familiar with ease for many in North America. <Br> rest, then allow your thoughts on what the Civil War is, what "western" like what kind, movie war should be ... and let Ang Lee get into the world to be very volatile, hard, so it's indeed that few of us can see it well. <br /> <br /> In this, Lee keeps what he did in ice ice. Again, the film is slow and without "obvious" visible "Lee's realistic ability to lead without" binding "himself in a story or screens. who doesn't work a wonderful job. <br /> <br /> Movie for those who love the film and do not like the Hollywood Hollywood Epic.
