One of the very lowest aspects of the Asian action of Gojoe is the first step of slow and frequent but a total of a strict, exciting, layered and beautiful offering. I am sad to say I do not know anything of the Buddhist philosophy or the history of the Japanese and the story that revolves around this film so that its deep meaning has been lost to me, but even without this moral knowledge is still a good cheap, taking the structure of traditional fantasy in, aircraft top effect. The story is of Benkei, the hero of the hero and perhaps the demon who wants to reflect on destroying the spirit of Gojoe Bridge: Prince Shanao, who seeks man after his top flight but this time the demonic power. So the film becomes a matter of deception and in the case of Benkei, a breach, a crisis that a real goal is personal knowledge, by Benkei discussing with its true nature and Prince Shanao coming to face and face with the nature of what he wants to be. Benkei is further affected here by the fact that its dark condition makes him basically opposed to the world, even when it is not in clear conflict he can never be easily accessible. Director Sogo Ishii manages this as an epic, and the measurement speed, the function of the camera is always interesting and frequent, without denying the need for more rest to allow the area to enter in, there is also a great use of lighting and mold to give nail , there is a fantasy air of large quantities of films but out of ordinary time is the lowest and dirty fantasy and the more time it fell than fancy aircraft. Makoto Watanbe exhibition is important here, clear and deep, very good things. Emergency Daisuke Ryu is a decent and powerful observer of the secret as Benkei, when Tadanobu Asano emerges, proud as Prince Shanao. Among the issues of Masatoshi Nagase items like a normal, intelligent and stupid person but still do not know exactly what is difficult. All films fit together, it is however a flabby touch occasionally, it begins slowly, some shots are slightly drawn by epic anti-scenes sometimes going much longer than necessary. For these fighting fights freely instead of the actual action, it has an artistic effect but it can be desperate for regular actors, often concealed by items, incentive levels and rapid migrants, fighting with deadly force through their enemies it is a day-to-day, it is to strengthen the look but at the end I could do for more culture. There are some unfortunate bleeding cases, also working in the environment but still preventing them. In general though I have seen this is a very good film, not one of the most practical actors or lovers of swordplay to find another Azumi, instead of a more detailed and historic animal, its end will not go well with fans of more generic generic models. . But if I personally hit the spot and for those who are working hard they should do it too. Recommended at any rate.
