These films are one of my top 10 most popular movies. Many people see them for the first time and don't know a bit about many of the themes in the movie maybe they won't understand why I get so awesome so I'll try to explain ... <br / > <br /> The movie is very rich in historical clarity and cultural awareness, and when you have smaller pieces, they are completely forgiven. The story is a voting of the famous duo of Monk Benkei and Prince Little Yoshitsune on the Gojo bridge. During the fight according to the legendary Joshitsune bests Benkei and monk becomes a faithful servant of the prince. This movie is a revision of the story however and it involves war, dark prophecy, and political operation. One of the main themes in the film is "Map", which is the Buddha prophecy that after 1000 years its teachings could fail and the world will fall into chaos. It was believed in Heian Japan, after the explosion of Mt Fuji and civil war between Taira (Heike) and Minamoto (Genji) that the world will fall into chaos and everything will fall. It's time for demons. Then you have a way in which the movie sets up the warranty of Yoshitsune and Tenku (Raven Goblins) Karuma. Often the defeated tribes fled the mountains and hid themselves as demons to fear the inhabitants. This is said to be that where ninja families started history. The Yoshitsune manifestation in Gojo welcomes all of this. Then there are Benkei, with different types of Buddhism shown, including Islamic Shingon predictions. All of these are shown correctly, and just add a little extra, the movie will be able to convey the power of reflection and energy in a way that makes it useful to the story, ie it uses the reality of magic to add extra dimension to the film but it does so by making it The technique and awesome. All-all-filled with amazing remarks and realistic rings for life. Good and costly conditions are also quite unknown and are very realistic. The sound is good, very exciting and terrible. I also thought that the real performances of acting were wonderful. Benkei is a good hero against the hero, Shanao (Yoshitsune) is portrayed as a young man to measure his boundaries and a huge increase in drinking his own strength, and Tetsukichi sword-smith emerging and impresses an "ordinary man" with his non-perception The delightful killers who build themselves their social betta. <br /> <br /> About the plot, see why it is so good, I show you dig up an old book on Japanese history and see how this voting returns Robin Hood around the light vs Little John story in the gory story of hostilities, violence and infernal karma.
