Ogre does not seem to have a very good reputation since its release in 1988, and I think the reason for that could be under the fact that it was released 'Demons 3' to help you sell well. Well, the film is led by Lamberto Bava; The man behind the first movies of demons, and the ogres and demons are the same (for they are 'monsters' however) ... but more so, this film does not link to two other films. It, however, rather good! Italian film artists are known to eliminate the popular film, and time is not quite clear; it seems to me that this has taken the right to influence from Hellraiser. The plan focuses on the writer of a female fear who goes with her husband and son for a fortress in Italy. She is suffering from memory from the time she was a child and got Ogre living under it. Not long after moving to the castle before these visions return ... and could be more than just lucky if he comes to believe there is a divisions ogre living in the basement. <br /> <br /> The film was definitely shot on the budget and was made by the Italian TV, so it would not expect to expect a brilliant thing; but why, this is certainly a terrible film. Lamberto Bava may not have an eye like his father Mario did; but it takes time to create an interesting atmosphere that really appreciates the film well. The intermediate arrangement, the big fortress, makes a perfect space for this story like this will be done by Lamberto doing its best; even if it involves smiling the best film sometimes; as the location of the pool of the Inferno. The mark itself is not as good as the sky as several events are found so long and the relationship between the characters is amazing (especially between husband and wife). There is no great deal to shed blood, but Bava finds to do little for special effects. The ogre itself looks really silly and is a good job that we can't see it very often. We give you the best, if it is predictable, end up and generally I see that this film is better than expected and comes is proposed.
