Indeed, before fixing, I need to ask: why is this not everyone's list? It might be just a TV show in Italy, but for international fans of Lamberto Bava this is its own FILM. In America this film is distributed on VHS and DVD as either "The Ogre" or "Demons 3". Yes, I know you are not connected to "Demons" except one member beaten by staff. But yes, I myself was angry that this was difficult to find on this site which is otherwise it is necessary. <br /> <br /> Finally, let's tubuke "The Ogre". I've seen a trailer for many times on YouTube and honestly found that rather scary. The movie itself (is the length of the element, so making the film) has many parts and it can be scary. I was interested in the last act, but I don't always obey that I bought a DVD before seeing it (available from Shriek Show). I think the nature of the television film describes the last act. I can't give any criminals. The plan is the most common: the author of the American terrorist who beat a holiday in an ancient spooky fortress and a man and man just to find it resembling the night of his childhood childhood. There is a desperate echoes of "Shining", but this is a different brand of common horror. Virginia (Bryant) finds more and more evidence that this is the real place of her pain, but her husband did not believe her. Great atmosphere and monitoring follow. Many dream systems were very good. Ogre the effect of the cocoon was good, it reminded me of a little resurrection of Uncle Frank from the first "Hellraiser". There is also a few good shocks and underwater area. I give them props that the film has never performed American films and similar concepts, namely "Dream on Elm Street". "Ogre" is original. And the monster itself was terrible, when it was given correctly. <br /> <br /> In Shriek Show DVD there is an interview with Lamberto Bava which he is carefully mentioning that this is not part of his classic "Demoni" series. He also gives a lot of credit to the real fortress that the cinema took place. Indeed, this environment contributes greatly to the film. Simon Boswell's music also helps. <br /> <br /> There are many good things here. "Ogre" is not perfect, but it is very important to see. Take it to the success of Lamberto Bava.
