For anyone who has not seen this film yet, I have a friendly warning: don't look at "La Casa dell'Orco" you expect to have any demon, because you won't give them here. This film is not a third phase for a series of "Demons" and has nothing to do with it, except the fact that Lamberto Bava led them. In fact, Michele Soavi "Church" is also known as "informal demons" and is the head of fraud in this case too, so walk. It is obvious that due to the success of the film "Demons"; they tried to deceive the audience and the negative titles, even though it is obvious that this is a broken story. Having said so, I think it's right on the other hand, saying that "La Casa dell'Orco" is not recommended to look at. In fact, the cinema is atmospheric atmosphere and even though there are few non-hilarious feelings, I thought it was really interesting in general. However, I think it's okay to say that the story somehow tries to imitate the "House and Cemetery" of Lucio Fulci. Of course, that's just a rumor I have, but I think I have my valid validity. For example, in these two films, Paolo Marco is a family member, in the two films, there is a little baby named Bobby, in two films, a housewife is thirty and something, who seems to be alone to see that there is something The worst in the new home, and in these two films, there is really something, certainly the logic goes on the apartment. Sorry but I can share these two films with ease and I won't say that as a charge. On the contrary, my point is that those who enjoyed the "House and Cemetery" will probably enjoy this film too, taking into account the course, that "La Casa dell'Orco" is very little, awesome, not as close as the sky, but the formula. it's still. <br /> <br /> In "La Casa dell'Orco", Charel, her husband Tom and their little son, Bobby, go on a vacation trip to leave the old fortress, located in the center of the Italian villa called Trifiri. Leaving aside the beauty of the place, shortly after arrival, Charel begins to feel that he has been there before, which is impossible, considering that he never went to Trifiri before. Sadly, Charel can not get on it already see and the worst part is that his vision, come along with the image of a terrible creature that follows after him. Tom, who is not a very sick boyfriend, advises him to leave the exclusion zone and enjoy the holiday. However, a woman's vision is more and more true and peaceful and quiet that they should be happy, suddenly turns into hard life. The old dream from the childhood of Charel becomes real and this time, she can not escape without the same that attacks the first crow. <br /> <br /> As expected, the plot turns into a bit easier and for the result, it is difficult to fill the hour and a half. This means that "La Casa dell'Orco" provides more than a few rounds of nothing but a completely silent and photograph of the main character, walking around the castle for several minutes, reviving the images of his childhood and anything else. It gets sad often, but in general, it's not a big thing. Like many awesome Italian films that came from the end of the last eight years, this film is very good and effective, but it also offers a nice long-term sense of humor, which makes the movies impossible by way. For example, the place Charel is brutally assaulted by her husband and instead of going to her bedroom crying if I would like to expect, she beat back against her with a hard face and rush to the forest like maniac. The funniest thing, however, is the fact that two minutes later, they are a couple of fun again, if they fight each other like that, it was the most natural thing in the world. I know it's silly, but myself, I've got it completely hilarious. The ogre (which is obviously a human story) seems exciting and interesting at the same time and let us face the face: a village man who can break us and make us a little titty, it is twice as welcome. Reminds Michael Jackson in the "Thriller", but it is more natural and human, of course. But if I take into account the fact that I mentioned earlier: the music organized by Simon Boswell is one of the top and even very similar at the same time, it fits perfectly and helps to create a state of darkness rather than during tension. So if I have to give my last details about this movie, I'm going to say that I can't help to love it, including the mistakes and many people enjoy these Italian movies from the last eight years, won 's passion and this. It has all kinds of common and common forms, as an older man who speaks the truth, a local woman who is said to be a witch, a creepy fortress, under a dark bottom and a mysterious mystery and local people who are trying to prevent tourism by their enmity, stay away from terrible countries. I would say that "La Casa dell'Orco" deserves two thumbs and punch on the face of your spouse, as a way to pay taxes to the heroine of the story. Take this film for what it is and enjoy it.
