For films such as 'Anchors Aweigh', a few have been given many of the Academy Award accolades at a warm hour of fun. Although 1945 was a good year of a good film or still had a shocking sight to Billy Wilder 'The Weekend Lost' that wrote anything from A on lots of better pictures to please the still music music public. Since Gene Kelly was chosen for this performance rather than his role in `Singin 'in the Rain', then there is a need to have something wrong with the backdrop of pastoralization systems in MGM. Of course, the label is on its best character during this revealed tour of the great and Hollywood studio itself, suitable for those on the other side of the world. However, the sea suits face music and talented talent of Gene and Frank Sinatra is certainly a fun place, despite the need for more people to wait on the music preview so that today's listeners are not injured for an unwanted flight time. There have been many pieces before and since, but in this case all the prestigious events of Kathryn Grayson can be removed. Until the 'Kiss Me Kate' may be a non-opera user who likes to watch any of its films and remote control. If there was a need to practice the picking of women in 1949 'In Town', then perhaps the beach leave the marine luck had no pledge to inspect and Jose Iturbi and blow the piano for the whole heart 'interpretation of Susie'. Few are lucky to get a screen test on the MGM gold studio. Then even a few should attend. There is no regret of having the success of the screen of the success of Susan Abbot or Kathryn Grayson, but it always makes an unrelenting opera optimal expectation for a second-rounded turn. But for all, the stars of the stars are a beautiful face and the highest score is thrown to a small story, but the fun navy's interaction with the young young warriors of the beautiful shade by the late blast of war, makes 'Anchors' at least certainly picking a bad film MGM. The trend stands as a pitcher carries the story in beautiful color pictures. Everyone is missing music or song, the film makes a fun event. <br /> <br /> The original view of the film is the adventures of the cartoon of Gene Kelly in fantasyland, rushing to the prestigious dance with Jerry mouse. This is a good number of luxury work for Kelly, and it's good to know she thought before Fred Astaire began to play on the walls and ceiling. It is not exactly staying on a third taste, a defined rainbow, chocolate layer, cream and cherry and slicee of bananas, but it is a good square square of sugar that somehow finally breaks the mouth your and despite guilt, it is still a good feeling. Rating: 7/10
