"Anchors Aweigh" is the product of the MGM music production unit, and on all the films are all fun? A good music by Jule Styne and others, dancing with Gene Kelly (and even the work proposed by Frank Sinatra), and a beautiful script. The only thing that I would be criticizing would be the cast of Kathryn Grayson, whose presence in the film always means the audience will be under the last pseudo-operatic barriers from Miss Little. It is called a brilliant man named Joseph Brady, a man with a historical reputation close to the ship as a partner but who Valentino-charms are always defeated by the presence of his very little friend and the impossible name in the middle of Clarence America (Sinatra). After receiving 3 days off the coast to save Clarence's life, Joe has agreed to help Clarence find a girl based on the amazing fact that she gives him anything for saving her life. They are written by the police (Rags Ragland), who need to help the young assistant (Dean Stockwell) who wants to join the Navy to return home to "Aunt Susan" (Grayson). For the first time it is Clarence who is willing to ask "Aunt Susan" but finally Kelly's behavior is emerging as more candidate. <br /> <br /> There are several music standout events but nothing is close to the work of Kelly's most popular film as "Singin 'in Rain" and "USA in Paris". Almost we get a great sequence with the character of Kelly in a series of fantasia play with Jerry, the mouse from "Tom and Jerry" (though it seems to be almost by size to dog or cat here than the mouse). It is an amazing sequence for its time but it is not sufficiently controversial or feeling to stand true test time. In fact I enjoyed the sequence of the pre-animation sequence, where Kelly was using half of the voting stages to emphasize changes in the fantasy world and where we see him playing under the tunnel that looks like something out of "Alice in Wonderland". Finally the characters find their way to the Susan bar, a favorite restaurant / bar of Mexico in Tijuana. There are servants who are happy to let Mrs Grayson beat her to stop, and management is very excited about the opportunity that Clarence and Joe have loved to sing with her "friend" Jose Iturbi (engaging in a touch of bright humor). Of course they have never met their "friend" Iturbi and spend a lot of time trying to get to him (in the amazing character of Sinatra's character meets Iturbi but it misses him with a piano tuner and asks him to stop the pianos to measure and try a professional career) inside the studio with Hollywood Bowl, where Iturbi describes a surreal symphony that includes several piano players? you have not seen anything like this out of "1000 Fingers". Iturbi himself is a kind of god-figure in the story? he represents the opportunity of salvation from the hard work and the potential for popularity and artistic achievement for the heroine. Everyone is 100% sure that once Mr. Iturbi will hear Mrs. Grayson, his work will be a reality. The 3 main characters wished to reach him and they think of some kind of distance and distant data? The most charm of the film and humor comes from a different perspective in the lowest way to the "real" maestro. And pointing to Iturbi's contributions to the film, it also provides the time of the most stimulating music and its orchestral interpretation of "Donkey Serenade". When all is said and done, this is a film that no one enjoys the music you want to miss. Most of the music was written for this film, the beautiful variations and sound sounds adjusted to another Kelly works as "Rain" and "America". Kelly is still on its top, adventurous and boisterous in its two dances and its interpretation of character. Sinatra's voice did not have the best form and rarely had the best songs. Stockwell is a prestigious supplement to the clan, and the behavior of Grayson is delightful when he does not step on stage. Iturbi adds that it is a basic but modern voice that is very similar to the atmosphere and the style of MGM of ancient times. This is one of the best.
