Although in my opinion this is one of the limited music stars Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Kathryn Grayson and director George Sidney, a limited music featuring anyone from that line is not something to cut, and in collaboration, a line-up makes Anchors Aweigh A very good film despite its mistakes. Sinatra and Kelly are Clarence Doolittle and Joseph Brady, respectively, two of the Navy. As the film begins, they join the Los Angeles area for a temporary departure. Brady has plans to visit a partner named Lola. Little is still a little wet behind the ears, enough, and seeks advice on women from Brady for privacy (publicly, the writer of Isobel Lennart and Sidney all the Navy men are increasingly spreading their finesse and women to each other). Brady promises to help find the Doolittle poled up, but especially because the little did not leave him alone otherwise. Kink is installed in their plans when local police urge them to help with a young man who is considered by the Navy. He cannot give the police any information about who he or where he lives. Brady helps with him and Emergency takes to take the child home. When the boy's guardian, Susan Abbott (Grayson), finally shows, Doolittle goes to the gaga for her. Brady tries to persuade him to forget about it; Brady just wants to return to Lola. But they continue to return to Abbott's home, and finally there is a kind of love triangle. Things have become more complicated when Brady is lying on a little know the famous musician, Jose Iturbi, who lives in a film studio, and says that Doolittle has initiated an investigation for Abbott, who is a singer and actress, in front of Iturbi. Because of the story, music is a wonderful mix of military music - because of the Navy Cluster, clearly, pop Broadway - what stars are singing on an informal environment, opera - the behavior of Abbott faces, Liberace-like The size of the classical - what Iturbi did, and the Mexican music - because Abbott offers Mexican Mexican restaurant of LA LA mixture does not work as it can. Many songs are good, and everyone involved is sure to have knowledge as a singer or musician, but a kind of coloring style is likely to lose cooperation. Worse, there are a couple of Iturbi, who had looked a great star at that time, that effectively bring a plot to stand up and that looks more than a little hokey at this time. I just watched the other film that happened to have the best music, Kansas City of Robert Altman (1996), but that was deliberately standing for a conspiracy to be a regular film festival. Aweigh Anchors takes the same approach. Yes, this is music, but there is a difference between links that link and relate to the conspiracy of events and events that appear to be a contractual obligation. <br /> <br /> There are other plot problems. It's not very strong why Brady is the opposite of following the consequences of Abbott. We may think that Brady thinks the little should not cooperate with someone who needs to take care of the child, and who seems to be "correct" and traditional, but on the other hand, Brady can say that the younger has no similar behavior of childbirth which Brady admits to himself. Abbott looks like a beautiful fit of Little, and more, Lennart works hard to establish that Brady just wants to get a little out of her hair and continue with Lola's meeting - it seems that Brady's behavior should quickly pawning Little off any candidate, though it is okay or la. This can be seen as small details, but in fact it is a well for about a third and a half of the plot. The story also seems a little drawn. Length is a problem. Aweigh Anchors, scoring at two and twenty minutes, should be reduced to at least an hour. It looks like I am complaining about the film to justify 8. I wanted to emphasize what I found to be wrong, because the common wisdom on Aweigh's Anchors is closer to the idea that it is not wrong. <br /> <br /> Sinatra, Kelly and Grayson are certainly a scam, different and together. They turn into a beautiful, interesting exhibition. Sinatra looks and makes young people more than 29 years old? 30 time to shoot. He plays an unusual character, a common character - quite different from the many roles that he will take later, and different from his public image as a crooner. For Kelly, this was his revolutionary film, and so forth. Her choreography is different and surprising, as is her acting. Grayson is delightful, its performance is modern, and he is just gorgeous. All of these helps to add obstacles to the script and aggravated out of pacing. And there is even a very interesting feature that might only happen because Sidney was allowed to fall on many kinds of emotions - Kelly was very bad to play with Jerry Mouse (of "Tom and Jerry" popularity) in a fantastic sequence of fantasy. This is one of the original examples of mixing live and animation action, and it is very well made and enjoyable as long as you are a fan of fantasy. The fantasy process is the best of the film. Compared to the quality of dance with Jerry Mouse is a long song and dance number with Kelly and Grayson, where Brady thinks Abbott in the scene from the film film while choosing, with a break on an acrobatic stunts to reach him physically as he stands up of the high balcony. <br /> <br /> If you vary and lose as a film, it is largely successful and entertaining watch. Fans of classic music certainly should not have Anweigh Anchors, and do not stand Sinatra, who will get a completely kick of his character.
