This film (like ROYAL ROADS of Astaire - which was displayed after a Turner Classic Network last night) is known for a single music track that has been found in Gene Kelly's record: Like Fred Astaire playing with a rack of clothes and later playing around the walls The room and ceiling, this film had Gene Kelly playing in the cartoon series with Jerry Mouse. The sequence is done well. What forgot is that Kelly says a story behind a cartoon series for Dean Stockwell and her classmates at school during the lunch break, and sets the stage for the Stockwell and others closes their eyes and think of the kind of pastoralist. Kelly even changed the blues of the navy she actually dressed in a white "Pomeranian" uniform uniform and blue stripes on it. Jerry Mouse has no more to play with Gene. In fact he speaks - first that he did not repeat for many decades. He also finally puts Tom Cat in place - Tom looks like the pastor of King Jerry, trying to please him with a cheese dish. But the sequence of cartoon and Kelly took seven minutes of film. Beyond this special film is taken by Kelly's furlough story that lost four days in Hollywood, and how Kelly reaches a meeting with Katherine Grayson and (with Frank Sinatra) talking to Jose Iturbi on the MGM film, Hollywood Bowl, and Iturbi's her home. Except that the two seas do not mean that no harm this film can be very troubling. <br /> <br /> Kelly has saved Sinatra's life in the Pacific, and gets medals as a result. They are two of the back workers in California who have to leave for four days. But the script writers (announcing what is a short film - Kelly has a plan to spend four days to have sex with one "Lola", a beautiful girl out of Hollywood) Gene and Frank's bed. Frank seems to be one of those writers who appear in the film after the film film film (especially the music comedies) that are inadequate and need "directions" about meeting girls (or boys as actors) are women). Frank insists that Gene help "teach him" how to get a girl. So the police take them to the headquarters to help the boys and little boy (Stockwell) who insists joining the navy (and can't give him a real name and address). While Kelly protesting he can get this information from Stockwell by asking him direct questions (which the fighters could not ask), insisting Kelly to go home to a boy with his Grayson. Still resisting, Kelly is having difficulty with the problems that are becoming more difficult (especially because of Sinatra's unique point of view). She fails to see Lola the next day by sleeping late - Sinatra felt that she seemed to sleep peace and did not raise her. She goes back to Grayson's home, as Sinatra feels she is a beautiful woman for herself, but she needs Kelly to teach her with love. AWEIGH, but I see this kind of irritating story. While music singing and playing with Kelly's concert, Sinatra, Grayson, and Iturbi is the first level, it is angry to have to take someone's attention as the character of Sinatra for weight. In the real world Kelly would have hit a hell from him at the beginning of the first four days of the furlough - what right does he insist (like Sinatra does) that someone who saves his life must help him learn how to make a date? This type of custom always damages the overall music of my music - unless the music numbers are better make me forget this kind of laziness. <br /> <br /> Loss of Iturbi is also angry. Kelly tries to get Grayson to love Sinatra when she says Sinatra can find a meeting with Jose Iturbi by encouraging her ability to sing. For a large number of Sinatra and Kelly's attempts to do this, and continue to stimulate (at the same time - without a very good reason - Grayson himself destroys Kelly's attempt to get an interview on MGM and Iturbi). It is only lucky (which Iturbi feels sorry for Grayson shy) that he gives him the inspection of his talent. <br /> <br /> Kelly, by the way, lives with Grayson. Sinatra's conscience because it cannot help her to see Iturbi is embarrassed about her troubling (but not inciting Kelly into it, not enough) and at the same time injured by accident to meet the waitress (Pamela Britton) from Brooklyn. And usually, without help from Kelly, Sinatra and Britton fall in love. Ah, "position"! Your name is not "scrolling" must!
