The UN still fought World War II (the movie was released between VE and VJ day). Any studio worth its salts was either making films where American soldiers were not afraid to beat the enemy, or Americans in general were singing and playing. The technicolor tools were what America was found in the days of suppression when everything was tested. Most of the day's music is just a group of musical numbers organized with the best plot available to fill the time up to the second number of music! I feel feeling now that people looking at all this mirror were born after 1970. Insisting how we quickly forget. This video can be called "Search for Jose Iturbi" but now everyone is wondering what. I would like to explain. From 1929 - his arrival in America - to his death in 1980, Iturbi was one of the most beautiful fighters to love the celebration. He agreed to make several movies in 1942, but Hollywood was after him for nearly ten years at that time. It is not just a good pianist, but also a successful conductor, Iturbi was so much a home word for more than 40 years. has ever seen that other pianists were all children? Joe Pasternak, who produced the film with most MGM music, announced Iturbi to the American youth of interest in classic music. Grayson's wanting inspection for Iturbi in the movie was no different from real life at the time. Everyone wanted Iturbi back. The shock of the soldiers is that "GI" means "Get Iturbi" (made many concerts on military bases). Gene Kelly was a good player with a fine singer Frank Sinatra, but when this movie was held Sinatra was almost 30 and was just under Columbia Records contract for four years. Kelly was already known as a player, but Iturbi had a feeling around the world for 20 years. <br /> <br /> And about the lack of conspiracy, Americans did not need plans. They were tired of war, they were sick and afraid for their loved ones, and worried about the future. They needed joy and hope and the fact that things would go well at the end. They needed music and smiles fun and romance. This film and others like it are only given what is needed. <br /> <br /> Teaching enough. Mouse to play off, the best location in the movie happens between Sinatra and Iturbi and each of them "without knowledge" to congratulate another's music. <br /> <br /> If you have interest in Jose Iturbi, the Spaniard who won over America than De Soto, Cortez, and De Leon have put together, please open to my website, www.joseiturbi.com, where you can find out of the conspiracy, text from the film "day" review and photographs from this and some MGM songs of the 1940s, as well as biography and discography of Iturbi. <br /> <br /> Trout
