ANCHORES AWEIGH sees two enthusiastic sailors, Joe Brady (Gene Kelly) and Clarence Doolittle / Brooklyn (Frank Sinatra), who leave the sea for four days. Desiring to find girls, especially Joe's Lola, neither Joe nor Brooklyn did not accept on the interference of Donald's little Navy (Dean Stockwell) and Aunt Susie (Kathryn Grayson). They will know through women and talk, Brooklyn quickly persuades Joe to help him win Aunt Susie. In the way, however, Joe finds himself falling by the gal who thinks of his best friend. What? Brooklyn will take this betrayal? Does Joe live with Susie, who also loves her? The first and second time I saw ANCHORS AWEIGH, I saw at the same time as I did on THE TOWN, Kelly / Sinatra cooperation from 1949. Twice I felt that ANCHORS AWEIGH was the best film about planning and structure - all rhythms and songs are available at the time of the field, and develops characters and stories instead of causing them. However, twice I came to hear that ONTOWN is the best film. After seeing these films three times, I still stand for that judgment. Somehow THERE, like a film with a piece of entertainment, is lighter, gay, basically and just * happy *. These numbers are even worse and do not involve much more in the plot, and somehow work better than all the dancing and singing in ANCHORS AWEIGH. I'm not sure why this is. The most common thing is that the last film is long: almost two and a half hours, this is certainly refusing to do. I really felt the first two times I saw it! However, it is also a top-up film - the more you see, the more you enjoy and the more technical skills involved in its decision. And yet, something was not shared altogether. It feels almost like the script was hit, and * every time when Kelly could enter the dance or Sinatra in the song specified, and that's exactly what happened. There is no place for the number of music of shoehorn released on ... and perhaps the greatest weakness of the film. It has 16 numbers (give or take a few), and regardless of the big fan is of Kelly or Sinatra, this actually begins to turn one over time. (Unlike this, for example, with the number ten on ONA.) You may have the impression that every song, every dance, cannot eliminate the film without releasing ... and that's true. But it is also because the writers were not further restricted in adding them to the first place. All this long way does not mean that there is nothing good about ANCHORS AWEIGH. Pregnancy * is * splashy and great lost songs, such as duets between Kelly and Sinatra ('We Hate To Leave', 'I begged' and 'If You Knew Susie'), sing to Sinatra ('What makes Sunset', ' The Charm Of You ', and the best of all,' I Fall In Love Too Easily '), and of course always innovative, always a delightful play of Kelly. It is also difficult to get lost and cast to this caliber. Grayson is sweet and seems to improve on every look (his voice being stunning than awesome); The role of Jose Iturbi is written with compassion and does a great work with it; even Brooklyn Clarence himself, Pamela Britton, is beautiful and charming ... almost as one can find Betty Garrett without being Garrett himself! Sinatra is recommended by the blue eyes and its cotton, and plays an innocent boy (the role that is found in THE TOWN). His singing is, as usual, innocent in terms of time and printing. Its real numbers can be seen around a bit, but when you have a century sound, display is probably a good reason if any of the slowing of all the film! Kelly's talent in this film deserves its own paragraph. Third in paying back to Sinatra and Grayson respectively, ANCHORS AWEIGH is actually a Kelly film. Joe Brady is honest, the real character - he is tough out, glib and ready to lie when it is necessary to win the gal, but in fact it is a much bigger inside. Kelly makes this charming rather than freezing, but it also gives Joe the exact edge that you see in the area when Joe stimulates Brooklyn around the room to look really for killing on his face and bed breakfast in his hands. And playing * again, the film faces 'something very good destroys syndrome' effect, as it does Sinatra singing. But once again, like Gene Kelly doing softshoe, or hitting on the screen on travel or wearing clothing as the head of the bandits ... can also lose the side of it! All of Kelly's music is breathing, whether it is the lowest of his mobile phone and Sinatra for 'I asked', her 'Mexican Hat Dance' and a beautiful little girl, or her favorite Spanish girl, La Cumparsita. Of course, the classic picture remaining in the minds of the audience at all times will be Kelly in her red, white and blue suit, and play with Jerry Mouse's 'Tom & Jerry' popularity. The gold references of the gold, be sure - is not often that one can say that it is attracted to special effects in the film made in 1945, due to the spread of CGI in the modern film market. But Gene and Jerry still seem to be good, and Kelly always hits his spots and checks exactly where he needs to look. It can * change only about people who can live with Gene Kelly would be Kelly himself (in COVER GIRL) and animation of the cartoon. It is worth noting that this first amazing Kelly play with Jerry has saved space for ANCHORS AWEIGH in the film history and hearts of the buffs of ordinary film. But it is also known to be the first of the film's Kelly / Sinatra film, and though it also comes out, it is still two hours of entertainment. Look first, then again and maybe again - it will grow before you realize! 7.5 / 10
