Released several months before the end of the war, "Anchors Aweigh" is one of the greatest victories of Gene Kelly's forty-year music? Under the leadership of George Sidney, it had the advantage of a good score, and the best of Gene Kelly's service in its first starry role in MGM? Last year, in the girl "Cover Cover" of Columbia, revealed a creative way to play on the screens, a sound but pleasant sound, with a great charm In "Aweigh Anchors," though it was given under Frank Sinatra and Kathryn Grayson, was setting a solid foundation for its more obvious years in MGM? The story of the film, a kind of run for "In Town" four years later, follows Kelly and Sinatra on the beach to leave, using their holidays in Hollywood, where they are involved in the music of the Grayson and her nephew (Dean Stockwell). ). <br /> <br /> Grayson, it seems, his heart has put on the piano piano and piano piano ?? He gets inspection, of course; Kelly gets Grayson after some misunderstandings; and Sinatra, forgot to be embarrassed, and lost her heart to a girl from Brooklyn (Pamela Britton). <br /> <br /> The program is normal for a while but, sadly, now it seems difficult to qualify? But there is Gene Kelly, who is leading the movie with her good personality? Maybe he enjoys too much, but when it is allowed to talk, the film finally raises the ground? "I prayed for him," his first song and playing with Sinatra, is a delightful and negligent little, where he considers himself a fake leader in the Spanish court, begging the Grayson girl with a flamenco flame. with a high level of competitions? He also makes a beautiful Mexican dance with Sharon McManus a little in the square of Mexico's home in Los Angeles <br /> <br /> The view of the film, however, is the famous dance of Kelly and cartoon character Jerry Mouse (of praise) Tom and Jerry "). Enjoying the creativity, skillfully combines the survival stage with animation in his story of the sad king of mice who refuses to allow music in his kingdom until Kelly, in the sea in the "Pomeranian Navy," wearing a strap and beret, shows him how to play? "Look, I'm dancin '!" says a good mouse player ...
