The arrival of White Men in Arctic Canada is a challenge for the independence of the fearless ESKIMO. W. S. Van Dyke, director of the MGM circuit, was responsible for looking for an interesting life in the Arctic between Inuit. Its production was in comparison to the area from April 1932 to November 1933 (although some of the effects of the backslides showed that some of the shot were held back in the studio). When it was considered a document at that time, we would like to call it 'docudrama' as written by the plot and interesting story. <br /> <br /> The film shows the daily life of Eskimo, both winter and summer, and actually begins during the summer year without snow or ice in front. Striving for food is displayed, and the viewer gets to watch the hunts exciting for walrus, polar bear, whale & caribou. The native language is used around, and the use of head cards; The only English spoken by fishermen & Mounties met with Eskimo. In fact, it is the arrival of white men, both good and bad, and the changes they make in the Eskimo community, which is a key feature in the details. This Pre-Code films are in a fun way to follow Eskimo's ethical principles, especially with their wife-sharing practice, which was an important and innocent part of their culture. In fact, the whole film can be counted as the value of a way of life that slowed down even in the early 1930s. No one has ever got a credit screens, which are embarrassed as there are some good performances. They among them are Ray Wise, with the leading position of Mala Eskimo. The wise (1906-1952) was the native of the Alaska of Inuit and is so beautiful and perfectly reliable why it was so desperate. As good as any star of Hollywood, she would continue to work, using the name of Ray Mala, in an ordinary film work, often in a few unimportant tasks. The best Japanese-Hawaiian style Lotus Long plays the second loyal Mala Mala; The names of the good actors are playing his two others are now clear. Director Woody Van Dyke step ahead of the camera as a bright Western Western inspector. Honest Mounties who should give Mala to Canada's right to play with Joe Sawyer & Edgar Dearing, all long-acting filmmakers. The Danish author, Peter Freuchen, whose books were based on the film, is responsible for the shortest of the unfortunate wooden captain who persuades the icy wrath of Mala.
