D.W. Griffith could make any film he wanted after the great financial success of the 'National Birth'; he chose to make a more proud film of that date, 'Patience.' He took risks and creativity in the film and film form, and the destruction of the known train took place. Buster Keaton does not take such a risk for 'three years,' because of 'Patience.' This is the first film of Keaton's first element (he did only in 'Safad'). He had a plan to decline to divide three scenarios in this film in three different shorts, which Griffith did with 'Patience.' Keaton was not obliged. Chaplin has already succeeded with the length of the comedies, so if Keaton was bringing the risk here, it was completely counted. <br /> <br /> Chaplin had worked on another film, too, and 'Burlesque on Carmen' (1915). Keaton seems to describe the film, too. The anti-war zone in ancient Rome shows the sword of a sword that turns into a contest in the film of Chaplin. The distance of comparison from the plot of both scenes is the same, too. Additionally, Chaplin's films emulate Demen 'Carmen's art,' and Chaplin's film was considered a tax for the film. Keaton does not have a great editing attempt, a story form or a high level in its skills, but it seems to respect 'tolerance' however. Of course, the stories are not told directly as in other post-'Enduring' films, such as 'Dreyer leaves from Satan' book (Blade af Satans bog, 1921) and Fritz Lang 'Destiny' (Der Müde Tod , 1921)). There are some fast jumps and return between events. <br /> <br /> Where Keaton made a risk, however, it is in its physical comedy, of daredevil. That's Keaton without feeling unable to fly into buildings in the modern period. He said, he believed to change the area instead of trying to jump again. And, not just Keaton who took the risk; The baseball of the natronistic, for example, was dangerous. Therefore, although in a different way, Keaton, like Griffith, used the risk and his great film. And, I think they all succeeded.
