There is not much to win the same story - like Christy Brown. He was born with a brain disorder in 1930 in Dublin, his parents thought his disability was mental and physical. Although he was finally discovered well, Brown, in a class-class class with about 20 children, had to focus only to be respected by his family. Through the use of his sole leg of his work, his left foot, he learned to write and draw, all the skills he built skills. But what makes the version of the Bible version of Brown "My Left leg" such overturning is its simplicity. Director / journalist Jim Sheridan and star Daniel Day-Lewis have been able to describe this story in a way that will not be a priority to focus and turn on melodrama. Cheesy's attempts and inconveniences and minutes of the triumph of the minute are the simplest stories of the story, but "My Left Foot" remains true and internal conversion. Lewis / Day is very easy to show. Playing anyone with serious physical problems must be a necessary job. The only day Lewis gives us a full picture of Christy, but he can also write the growth, improvement and change of behavior in different stages of his life. She plays Christy at the age of 17 when she had limited language skills and had emotional feelings just like crisply as she minded learning Christy who struggles to cope with why she can't find love not platonic. The second topic is the most powerful of the film and would be good for Sheridan and the shane of Shane Shane Connaughton to actually outdoor meat. Regardless, Lewis's day gives us a sense of mutual understanding and mutual respect, all of the performance that is believed to be a lot of time and you don't have time to think "wow, he is a very good actor." That is the most beautiful display. Important but in a more subtle way is the work of Sheridan on the film. This story is about everyday life and struggle. Although Christy has a very unique environment that affects his life, his experiments do not differ from our own and Sheridan grasps that concept completely. Christy is struggling with love, parental attention, independent questions and abilities. His achievements seem more physical (real and symbolic) than ours. Sheridan gives us the time that takes the spirit of the big family of Brown and the unique position of Christy in it. The strikes continue normally when the high tension and humor comes in the same way. The dinner time when Christy learns to be a doctor / teacher - a woman who loves - will go to her brother Peter is the best example of all the day-Lewis and Sheridan films. It is well built by Sheridan that comes out when we're ready and Day-Lewis takes us from there with its wonderful work. The most powerful film is Brenda Fricker as Bibi Brown. I did not know that he could win Oscar, but there was something about his exhibition as a loving mother of Kristoy and a wise who stood just Oscar-worthy. His love for Christy and his clashes is often seen only by the influence of the heart and it gets a lot of sympathy from his situation. <br /> <br /> The emotional punch of the film released the story is surprisingly small. Perhaps that was part of the sacrifice to try to create a film that feels a living creature. These two should be reconciled, but I think it is difficult to tell a story that sees true-and-life and which provides enough time to take our emotions into a roller coaster. The final decline was obvious to the wisdom to "My Left leg." Brown's situation says for themselves - they do not need to reach them with great impact. Steven C <br /> <br /> Visit my website moviemusereviews.com for more
