I have returned from the show "My Left leg" on our public library. What emotional experience - I feel sandy and raised. It is the story of Christy Brown, an Irish author and painter, and based on the author's history "My Left leg." Christy was born with a type of cerebral palsy as the sole leg had a good control of his left leg. Doctors advised her parents that she did not have a mental desire but her mother did not reject her, as Annie Sullivan did with Helen Keller, to help her achieve the progress she had learned alphabet and then read, write and paint. This video won the Academy Award for Daniel Day-Lewis (the best actor) and the best actress to help the actress play its mother; also received the Oscar selection for the beautiful pictures, the best director, and the best screens planned. As a clinical psychologist and family specialist, when many films can please me, often they leave more fictions or improbabilities in real psychological effects. Not this film - it was completely "spot up" in showing the names of Irish parents and behavior (see, for example, see Irish families in "Ethnic & Family Medicine") with a sufficient size of Kristoy Browny Brown - some of them The human impact that has increased the reputation of his father. The film provides a great truth when changing a certain pattern in its development (painting & writing) and encouraging several important people to one person, for telling a reliable, reliable story, not a burden and a little problem, disrespectful, not very important. (See Christy Brown in Wikipedia more accurately.) The DVD version displayed was with some English titles that were a great help in understanding Christy's speech (and some Irish speech); The original release of the film may have this situation. (If you see this on the DVD, enable that option.) <br /> <br /> Performance by Daniel Day-Lewis is one of the greatest, trusted work I have ever seen. Very good, better, better. "My Left leg" bears more of a similarity to the most recent film, "The Diving Bell & Butterfly," since each reflects the real life of the man with the success of overturning buttons and disability of physically strong. And by doing so, it predicts William William 's Invictus "which begins:" Out of the night you cover me, // Black as a hole from the pole to the pole, // thanks to any gods that can be // to my soul that cannot fail. "
