The so-called eight-year-old movie and early nineties was the number of Oscars that went to actors playing characters who were either physically or mentally disabled. First was the Marlee Matlin Award for "Little Children of God" in 1986, and the next ten years had to see the best prize "Best Actor" (Holly Hunter for "Piano" in 1994) and no "Best Player" under The five "Prize (Dustin Hoffman in 1988 for" Rain Boy ", Daniel Day-Lewis in 1989 for" My Left Left ", Al Pacino in 1992 for" woman's smell ", Tom Hanks in 1994 for" Forrest " Gump "and Geoffrey Rush in 1996 for" Shine ") for disabled pictures Matlin, who played a blind woman, herself is deaf, but all others have the ability. at the time, and the recommendations have been made that these awards were given more than political accuracy than the quality of acting. When Jodie Foster failed to win the "best executive" for "Nell" in 1994 some people saw this as evidence of interference against this kind My opinion, however, is that most of These awards were deserved. I thought the 1992 prize was supposed to go to Clint Eastwood or Robert Downey instead of Pacino, but apart from that one that I did not accept would be Hanks', and that's because I liked the performance of Nigel Hawthorne in the "King of the King George". In the film, of course, Hawthorne played a character who was mentally ill. "My Left leg" was based on the history of the Irish writer and painter Christy Brown. Brown was born in 1931, one of thirteen children from Dublin class working. He was born with a brain disorder and for the first time he was considered a mental disability as well. For a long time he was unable to move or deliberately negotiate, but eventually he realized that he could control the movement of one part of his body, his left foot (so title). He learned to write and draw by holding a piece of chalk between his fingers, and he continued to be a painter and journalist and poet. The life in Dublin's working class in thirty-thirty years can be difficult, and the city Jim Sheridan (own Dubliner) shows us here is in many ways bad, gray, unhappy, very different from for the common idea of ​​"Isle Emerald". (Sheridan and Day-Lewis later shared in another film titled Ireland, "In the Name of the Father"). For this, however, we must put the joy and spirit of his people, especially the family of Brown. Many of Christy's achievements were due to the support she received from her parents, who refused to allow her to be an institution and always believed in a mind shut out outside of disability, and from her relatives. We see how his brothers were driving a wheel on a special car and how they helped their brick builder Christy his own room in the backyard. The film could easily spread and ended as another heat "win-win" film. That is not due to a few things, especially a wonderful seat. During his work, Day-Lewis has given them a good exhibition, but this, together with the recent "There will be Blood", is much better. He is not less than 100% lobby as Christie; its torture, jerky and experimental experiments in the speech persuade us that we are looking at a person with disabilities, though, mentally, we know well that Day-Lewis has potential. Other experiments are from Fiona Shaw as her adviser Dr Eileen Cole, from Hugh O'Conor as Christy younger and from Brenda Fricker as Christy's mother (which won the "Best Acting Actress" award). <br /> <br /> Another reason why the film faces emotions is that it does not try to sendimentalize its main character. Christy Brown had a difficult life, but it can also be difficult to live with, and the film gives us all "buttons and pictures". He was a heavy drinker, because of the bad language and he was faced with an outbreak of fury. He would also be selfish and ignorant of those around him, and the film shows us all these things of his character. Of course, it also shows good things - his courage, his decision and his bad sense of humor. Lewis's work is not only a physical inducement, because it encourages us to believe in disability, but also emotionally and mentally influencing, because it brings all the different aspects of Christy behavior. His Oscar failed in the strong criticism of Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh, but it was very good. 8/10
