Daniel Day-Lewis is Christy Brown, a brain survivor who uses "My Left leg" to write and paint in this fantastic 1989. This film is also a star Brenda Fricker as Christy's mother, Ray McAnally, Fiona Shaw and Hugh O'Conor. Their beautiful performances, a great script and a positive approach to Jim Sheridan helps to paint a clear picture of Christy Brown, an artist and writer who died in 1981 at 49 years old. 22 in total, 13 of them were saved. His father thought Kristoy had lost his mental and physical disability, but he did not allow his son to enter the house. Children in the family wanted her every day to go to school, and then her mother would bless her and talk to her. <br /> In the movie, Fricker sends the meaning of a woman who, though surrounded by a large family, needs someone to talk to. Christy is not talking back. Finally the car is available to raise, and the neighboring children, who have known him since he was a child, participated in all their activities. The only part of his body that works well is his left foot, and when the children know how well they beat, they put him into soccer games for that purpose only. One of the most beautiful parts of the film is the way that some children do. There are many powerful events, but no one is as strong as Christy writing "Mama" on the floor that holds a piece of chalk between his fingers. "He is Brown really," his father says, put him on his shoulders and take him to the pub. He walks in the bar, he says, "My son is a professional." Things change when Christy grows up because she has a passion and a little boy's feelings. Promotes the crushes, is rejected and goes further into it, turning to the painting. Finally it goes to a local clinic and works with a professional, Eileen (Fiona Shaw) at home. He falls in love with her. When he gets to know he is working, he goes closer to things. But he lives, painting, writing (three books in general) and love again. Because it is a film, some things must have left with the characters together. Brown had no paralysis for some time, which was left out of the film. The professional Eileen is actually a combination of three key medical figures in the life of Christy, and although we know that her mother believed to have a good mind, in fact, she worked very hard with Christy when she was a child teaching alphabet, etc. Also, before Mary Christy had a 12-year relationship with a woman who volunteered "My Left leg." And usually Hollywood lasts, 9 years before his death where his wife may have reason, did not finish the story. With all of this, the biopic of Christy Brown is very strong, all more because of two exhibitions: Hugh O'Conor as Christy little and Daniel Day-Lewis as Kristoy grown. O'Conor's face and how he draws his lost body is trembling in the gut. One tired for him and discourage him at the same time. And what can say about Daniel Day-Lewis, one of the most executives in the world - brings Christy totally to life, full of outward, man capable of swearing, being angry, bitter, drinking, pushy, lecherous, funny and loving. The Oscar winner won the same year Tom Cruise was chosen for "Born on July 4th." I remember someone writing a letter to the editor somewhere that Cruise was sad, what was caused by the Academy? Uh, there is nothing to change. There is nothing. Brenda Fricker is wonderful as the mother of Christy, who never stops believing in him and what he can do with his family and husband together during difficult times. The strange thing about Fricker's performance is that help, love and work ethics seem to come naturally to the mother. Character can not be engaging as a heroine or as a person doing something out of the ordinary. Fricker shows us a religious but uncomfortable woman who believes her work on earth is being a good wife and mother. And no matter what, even when her husband is lost, she gives us their daughter out of the house to be pregnant, whatever, she can. Saves money for a wheelchair of Christy, gets pictures of her daughter and baby, begins to build a Christy room behind the house. All parts of the work of the day. Performance is eligible for Oscar. Brown's life was much more difficult than this stirring film, but this is an amazing achievement for all involved and must-see.
