The French journalist, hated by his wife's friends, goes to North Africa with a breath. There he meets a young and talented Bedouin, who lives in poverty. By telling his wife, who represents Maharajah, she decides to teach and educate the girl, and take her to the Parisians community as PRINCESSE TAM TAM ... French. With his great eyes and a smiling smile, he communicates with the viewer's heart immediately. His elevated personality and clear joy of making make a good pleasure look. Baker makes us care about what happens to the poor Alwina during its change and the introduction of mores to Europe. Albert Préjean does well as Pygmalion to Galatea Baker; also effective is Georges Peclet as a half-caste servant, and Jean Galland as a wonderful Maharajah. <br /> <br /> The movie is very good and well done, looking at a little memory of the movie Busby Berkeley produced simultaneously while in America - although unlike American films of this period, PRINCESSE TAM TAM has no exception. It should be noted that there was no Office Hays or Production Code in France. Some discussions and actions are rather stimulating, but we must acknowledge that Baker singing & playing for 'Under Under Africa,' with its last performance in the nightclub of Parisia, are two of the most memorable movies at the time. <Br /> <br /> Real-time displays in Tunisia add a lot of films. Josephine Baker was born in St. Petersburg. Louis in 1906, became a very bad family. However, his talents and immigration triggered him in moving East and was a member of Ziegfeld Follies. Knowing that America in the mid-1920s made a great scope for a female animal, she was able to join Paris, where she eventually joined Foliés-Bergeres & Le Negre Revue. French took care of him and became a very popular man. A short return to America in 1935 showed Baker that things have not changed for African Americans. He returned to France, became a French citizen and worked for opposition in the early days of the War. Baker moved to Morocco for a while and Allied forces were kept there. After the War, the fortune of Baker began to slide and faced many financial and personal problems. For a while, however he was forbidden to return to the United States. Finally, Baker agreed to give from Princess Grace of Monaco to become a Governor. Josephine Baker was about to return when she died in a stroke in 1975, at the age of 68. After being seen in only two beautiful films - ZOUZOU & PRINCESSE TAM TAM - Baker is in danger of being exposed. But she deserves her place with Chevalier, Dietrich & Robeson, as one of the true artists of her generation.
