The history of Jackie Chan's example of the news of POLICE (1985) is among the most modern and more advanced police officers who came from Hong Kong. Jackie wanted to do just a movie that would include a common kung fu and also play a strong gun and other "urbanization" guns which later would be very popular and common among the directors of HK as John Woo and Ringo Lam. POLICE NOW combines these two elements with styles and results are as wild as it seems. Jackie plays Chan Ka-Kui, a police officer who is protecting a key witness (Brigitte Lin) who recently witnessed against a powerful gangster master and his ring of criminal activity. Jackie's girl is played by young and sweet Maggie Cheung, who is not as wild here as she could be in her future roles such as Heroic Trio (and the end) by Johnnie To, Savior of Soul and Corey Yuen and David Lai and many others. The program in POLICE's story is very simple but it is the reason why this film was made in the first place. <br /> Jackie did actually stunts all of her own behavior and also hurt herself pretty badly in two scenarios, which also have on the film completed as the end Jackie hits her head (near the eye) through a large piece of glass. The Stunt's team members also found themselves killed during the filming. The area that then stands in front of Jackie, beat the captives through the windshield, went so bad that then stopped too early and the administrators did not fly as required. They had to jump on a car strengthened in front of the bus but their plane was too short and went through the pavement as hospital injuries. At the end of the credit, there are behind pictures of pictures and images of wounded actors and it all appears to be bad and almost unavailable, but fortunately no one was killed or seriously injured. <br /> <br /> Steps are more than a lot of to think if it can be expected and (action) Chan director. The current part of the bus and the shops of the shops at the end is most likely among the wildest film scenes any action has been able to provide. Jackie always explains how important editing is (which is true) and shows in fact its events and time that is perfect and makes movies look like ultra kinetic compared to Hollywood efforts, for example. There is hardly any momentum here and also at that time is interesting and the film has never been boring or difficult to look at. But there is also one step that I cannot strengthen HK sessions, which is this fun itself. Comedy is not particularly funny when wrong with the amateur elements in the screenplay is not there for accident but because the author wanted to add them there, you should not understand that it is a sign of bad script and stupid chat. I mean those events as an assassination attempt at the beginning when a killer screams and screams and makes faces and acts as a clown of alcoholism from a dream of slapstick, and is there to "kill" the girl. This kind of acting is stupid and uncertain and I do not want to see it in a film that is very otherwise in its own form. Experts also say their ideas which are also a sign of a bad script because "good ideas" only when they do things clear even with a stupid viewer and so make things easier and "light." Even if the film is comic and not too bad, this kind of ignorance should not exist and cannot be forgiven very easily. THE POLICE is the fastest speed, full effect, balls at the walls of Wonderful walls from Hong Kong and when Jackie was very sad because of the bad results she had received by the US Protector did not have the same thoughts on the film as the director James Glickenhaus had so the results didn 't please the listeners with Jackie and returned to Hong Kong to make the film more personal and interesting. That he actually did and the result is as wild as today as it was back in the 80's. That is among the many films of eternal rebellion, and it would be exactly the same as I mentioned. 7/10
