It's hard to see where Jackie Chan is gone. He was a cyclone that could escape the punch, hostage and fantastic queues. Being right, now he is in his fifty-one years he could expect to decrease. But for 'Rush Hour 3', where he takes the back seat for Chris Tucker (of all the people!), And there is 'Kung Fu Panda' where it's not only in the role of voice but his behavior is not suitable for any conversation. .. say that Jackie Chan has seen the best day is losing too much. It is a time like this when the only solution is to beat the old VHS tape and look at Jackie dancing in his younger, fitter, free days of Chris Tucker. Enter the 'Police Story'. Jackie Chan plays Kar-kui, a police whose job is to protect the witness before a great attempt. He faces opposition from all cooperative witnesses and many people sent by the group to stop them both. But on the other hand, who cares? We don't watch Jackie Chan movies for stories. We look at them to see Jackie Chan making eyebrows and usually punch and beat many people who are more amazing than she. And at the same rate, 'Police Story' does not give up. There is an amazing shock in the final stores at the end of the end that faces Jackie under a large, powerful chandelier. To a large extent, if this type of thing has happened many times, no man will need to persuade you to buy clothes. It is also interesting, many that involve Kar-kui without distorting May (Maggie Cheung), her eternal suffering and seems to be a forgiving girl ever. Humor over all is pretty unsubtle, but it works so I don't complain. It is not a trick, either. Of course, I don't know anything wrong about the 'Police Story' completely. Director Jackie Chan (yeah, does it too) clearly has a thorough understanding of why we look at his films, and knows that when we are waiting for the next fight to start, the last thing we want is to look for nuance and deep and deep meaning. So 'Police Story' is an explosion. Like most of his films, the fact that Jackie really does things you see screens put your head and shoulders on competition. I mean, when Jackie Chan really hangs on the bus speed and umbrella, the new new "Wow!" The reason is added to the action.
