Jackie Chan's Police Story is an amazing film for all kinds of Honk Kong work and Jackie Chan's work. Guided by Chan, the Police Story has a basic plot such as all the films of the time and type, and as many types of Police films, the script is not something that deserves. But the film's plot is Jackie Chan, who has a good boy boy, struggling to accuse the local military commander. <br /> <br /> The film's direction is not specific and there is no better way to lead which Jackie Chan has given us, the role comes with "Miracles" dropped down. Yet work that Jackie leads is enough and noble. From outside the film leadership comes with anti-scenes. <br /> <br /> The exhibition in this film also differs from Jackie to give the most stable Chan nice guy against the role, but this is not in the sense of the best role to do, which can be seen in the film Sammo hung directed by "Heart Dragon ". Other characters in the film also provide good performance like Jackie and Bridgete Lin play their part of the unpopular witness, but also does not show full potential. Standing work is from Maggie Cheung as a girlfriend of Jackies and Bill Tung as a compassionate and wonderful police officer. There is no exhibition in this film to the extent of affecting the quality of the film. The action in this film is what separates the film from others by modern modernization in order to reconcile the modern, modernization of the cities, the action is some of the most serious fights of the camera. Start with there a shot in the slum where Koo (ganglord) is doing a drug plan, when he was not a sequence of John Woo's style, this serves as a good starter of the film. This is then followed by a popular car run on the side of the hill and through the heart of falling to sleep everything before. This is a respiratory chain that has been reported by an attack by Bad Boys 2. In the middle of the film is still another stand-out as Jackie is trying to transport Bridgete Lin from her home to her. This is the first place where we find amazing surprises to quickly hold a hand that has been common for all modern art films. This sequence is fantastically choreographed, timed and seamlessly edited together to increase the violence of the area. However, as required by the traditional, the sequence of the final struggle has the end of the film. This sequence shows some of the best choreography chreography, stunts and camera functions / editing. This sequence is now known for two things, the amount of people sent to a large density of density, which is said to be the population, and the end ends where Jackie climbs from the 5th floor balcony, takes the pole and slides down to the glass roof (this seems reliable ). While the two things mentioned are special brilliant, I think that the most interesting part of this series of combat is the ability to chans anything in the chain of struggle with the nature of the choreography, which for me has never been counted. I also believe that the action in the Police Story is one of the most effective and planned action of the Chans work to support the action of others. Overall, the Police Story, despite its unknown story and script and on the run in the middle because of the conspiracy, is one of the best films of all time showing the best Chans vote, the best action The publication is certainly an amazing stunt that makes these important comments to everyone. Later, we look at the Chan movie for the act!
