Jackie Chan is taken by many filmmakers and military filmmakers as one of the biggest stages of presenting the financial screens and Police Story strengthened his reputation as the successor of the late Bruce Lee. If Enter the Dragon banned the so-called bench of Lee in 70 years, then that could be said about the Police Story and Jackie Chan in 80 years. <br /> <br /> Forget about trilogy Time Rush, or all his efforts to the United States - one film that shows the quality of Chan, not to mention the kick starting from his status as a high refusal, bone-crushing hard, and his film work was this, the story of the police - the first successive film series cop, imposed on the continent, today to Hong Kong. I have seen many of his efforts - according to US rush, Rumble in Bronx, The Medalian and The Tuxedo name- and of course many of them have no value as compared to the Police Story. In these movies, we have seen a copy of Jackie's Jackie, who did not have the opportunity to use his ability to fight at the highest level, not to mention the follow-up of the fight was not as much as those in the effort such as the Drinking Teacher, Stories Police name. <br /> <br /> Issues in this film are wonderful and are the best in any action film. The mall stores are real kind and seemingly reliable: the flying shards of glass, Chan who is standing out of the bus just with his walking stick as mad runs through the city road, and Chan to successfully make use of all kinds of unknown objects and prop props as weapons to combat bad guys. Considering that he is known to injure and break every bone in his body and put himself in harm's way, proceed to Jackie in displaying his mixture as a shepherd himself for one dependence, is some of his command's reputation as kung fu specialist. Especially if he has suffered to show it. So, he has proved that he is not a pony-man who is a fraudulent when you come to plan and come up with different stages of watching. it is not appropriate in the description, it includes its final step and fighting the order. For discussion, well is not the most important feature of the film - that's why many Jackie and karate film artists are more interested in actions, contrary to the story. <br /> <br /> Unlike Matrix, no wire or CGI, or any type of computer fraud associated. What you see is what you get and what you get with the Police Story is the biggest of Jackie Chan epic, full of action and stunts of hitting. It is the best milestone than Rumble In The Bronx, Hour of Rush and all its efforts to America. Police Story is a good film and one I would like to recommend to anyone who is adviser to Jackie Chan, but who do not know who should look first.
