Shakespeare Behind the Baa was an interesting documentary despite its content. Faithful at the Correctional Museum of Luther Luckett in LaGrange, Kentucky who have stolen, killed etc? and surrounded by bad people in an uncertain environment to find something they really enjoy and can be useful, popular and celebrate in action. There are similar themes like 'Shawshank Redemption' and their institutional nature and seek forgiveness and redemption for their past lives. When we follow a good Director, who does not judge, who gives his time every year to lead other prisoners in the game chosen by William Shakespeare (at this time, 'Tempest', clearly displayed by detainees who can make it much more than just to consider forgiveness and redemption that they say. and consider) we are introduced to each actor in formal interviews which are very good and break the picture of their practice. Each actor has his own story and explains their feelings and reasons why they are in the emotional and music style of each in the traditional sense of the document. The most powerful and respected girl (apparently) is Sammie. The director appears immediately to identify who the most impressive prisoners were in Sammie (and later, Hal) and it allows for a longer period of time, more for an in-depth investigation into the person and personality. His presence appears on the screen and his personal revelation becomes a shock to the audience, but giving him such an appeal in his emotional and sympathetic personality. Hal is the same as the beginning of the film. He has other things that he does to pass the time that has been shown as a good hobby as it was on the site's advertising program. Again, through personal interviews and self-revelations of Hal (and a well-sounded body of Hal, not too close to his uncertainty movements not only he saw with him but also others), especially his heart saw information about he did not know and fear of his true sex in a society that will not only accept as homosexuals in the film in which he is shown to be slow and angry with other prisoners involved in playing as though he feels about all of them, especially for Ron who already has an exciting feeling in acting her. The relationship between all detainees involved in the game is shown as one of the respect and unity to achieve something for themselves. And good (if not clichéd) the course of time passed by names etc ?? everything seems to be the same in the first act, and then on the building of the public performance, things that are going to go the opposite. The release of one of the executives to be evolved by his behavior changed to a small, new prisoners gives a good story to someone who promises great, but ultimately breaks their heart and does not live up to their expectations. A single prisoner (Big-G) welcomes a new actress (Rick) with a keen interest in raising him in their love exercises and hopes to be a good example. The film seems to capture the appetite of all prisoners well and something that the audience can relate to when Rick is placed in 'Hole' by getting a new tattoos (something that has been identified above in the film when the host is leaving a random prisoner in the car and asking him when he gets the top towel his hand and we are learning it is a crime to be punished at this center) and the Big-G desire is very understandable. End of happiness? It all looks good when they are making a success (even invited to do elsewhere) and a sense of true unity encompasses them, but at the end, the film brings everyone back to the earth that this is temporary and everything that they wanted or always had to be removed from them. Going back to prison to pay for their crime and regardless of their liberation struggling to do these jobs, they will not be free, their proud and recognized performances are reduced by the fact that they are low and low criminals of good quality in an up-to-date music that The lighting lights and closed doors are a powerful image of their repression. The director appeared to be aware that he was looking at people looking at the document and providing additional information at the end of the film in each of the future actors from the end of the film about where and what is happening to them now.
