Films like this, and C.R.A.Z.Y., very interesting for American films and homosexual issues. With the exception of the Brokeback Mountain Sharing Plans, there are a few American films known and detailed and trustworthy as this film, bubble. This movie center is available for two men, Noam and Ashwar, Israel and Palestine respectively. Their relationship is hard and tension between Jews and Arabs in Israel. Couples, in the early stages of their relationships will deal with who will call, or who will say "I love you" first. The first love of Noam and Ashwar is hard and suicide bombings, armed security points, and racism. When Noam's friends accept and as Ashwar, who is Arab, it is clear that most of the citizens of Tel Aviv perhaps do not. One of the most influential moments, and there are many in this film, is when Noam and Ashwar attend the "Bent" production. We, as filmmakers, see them watching this play, and are affected by two of them being beaten in their eyes. And finally, this time the touch is done in a very sad way at the end of the film. Ohad Knoller and Youseff 'Joe' Sweid is best like Noam and Ashwar. Eytan Fox director is a brilliant in creating spectacular and interesting retelling of the classic Shakespeare classic Romeo and Juliet. And while many movies today have sex in them, (almost like games), this comes back to the old and trying sex and love and passion together. Very comforting. Also happy is to see two gay men being shown as people and not cartoons. There are characters of cartoonish in this film. It is not just that two gay boys for change. Somewhere on this site I think I have read a comparison between this film and "Friends". Well, it's not true. Yes, these are the young people who reject it through their first stages of life and relationships. But I don't remember getting "breathing" as the growing lines of the story of no concern in "Friends". <br /> <br /> This is a very good movie. It has heart, and sadness. And if you love all love love love does not win out. But not in the unfading glory of full bloom. Still, it's a very satisfactory movie to watch.
