This film is a complete reference to Romeo and Juliet at Tel Aviv and Nablus. Lovers are one from Tel Aviv and another from Nablus. There is a border between them, and the state of constant war with the Israeli army has been everywhere with Palestinian fighters everywhere and their bombs. The situation is enough. We can think of love in this unloving trap. But the film goes a few more years by thinking two couples are gay, Noam from Tel Aviv and Ashraf from Nablus. Being gay is accepted in Tel Aviv. It is far limits in Nablus. The conflict between the two people, the two communities are twice the conflict between the two cultures, the two values. But this may even be alive if the war does not bring you an additional direction. Ashraf's sister is going to marry a military activist in Nablus. Ashraf finally tells his sister about being gay. He can't accept but he agrees to talk about it later. From the wedding itself the newly married husband sends orders to Tel Aviv to establish a bomb attack. It takes place in café at Tel Aviv and a friend of Noam is seriously injured. Not yet enough. The army of Israel sends Nablus to command the person responsible for the attack, but it turns around and the new wife is shot in the road. Funerals follow the wedding. The husband and widow volunteer to commit suicide bombings. Ashraf volunteers take its place. The exiled boyfriend returns to Tel Aviv to die and kill a few people to take revenge on his sister. He comes to a supervised diner by other Noam friends. But Noam sees her and comes to talk to her. Ashraf has gone back in the middle of the road and realizes his bomb when Noam reaches the street. Additives connect two partners to death. So we have two conflicts but we do not have the Prince of Verona, an irresponsible behavior that can keep peace, or even the Prince seems to have chosen sides and become part of Israel. The game is completely false and death is certainly both sides. But the impossibility of the impossible love is all power because it comes back and plays on the film, which shows love in Auschwitz, between two prisoners, a man wearing yellow stars and another triangle. This is amazing and surprisingly interesting: gay love in Auschwitz. Something that comes from the film is that at Tel Aviv or Nablus' love is impossible. So the film is a contempt of Palestinian conflicts that cannot continue but although there is no reason to exist even though it has thousands of persistent reasons. We should never allow the UK to handle the region long ago. Today we need to find a solution that no one will be exploited. This will only succeed if everyone comes together to get a lasting solution. But so far everyone tries to avoid these conflicts and debates they prefer to conflict with two countries. So suffering continues and loved will be banned, of course not sex since children are needed for the battle to continue: then let's produce more and more soldiers. But love is an extraordinary concept of the world. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine & University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
