It is difficult to have an impression on the Israeli director of Eytan Fox and his movies, which describe the life in the middle of the east and the problems of the male population may have these regions. In addition to him he also gave a voice for young generations, and for their wonderful part, who need justice and who want to take no further information of the war which for a long time showed the presence of people, all in Israel in Palestine. These reasons, in my opinion, are sufficient to focus on Fox's good director, even when his feelings for melodrama are tad of control. However, the fans of his movies (that he realized on the team with Gal Uchovsky, its producer, journalist and friend of life) seem to have been uncomfortable with this, since its new feature, BUBBLE (HA-BUAH), has the same effectiveness of YOSSI & JAGGER previous and go to the water. He was announced as a gay version of "Romao & Juliet", placed in today Tel Aviv instead of Verona and two men (one of Israel and another Palestine) a place of two lovers of Shakespearean, a truly distinctive film different from it or, better, it's also something else. In fact the head of the head is the world far away where the leading man, Noam, played by Fox's constant Ohad Knoller (Yossi in YOSSI & JAGGER, but I must admit I miss Jagger, Yehuda Levi's amazing!) And his two tenants, boy and the girl, chose to live. Near the age of thirty, stupid, courageous and powerful (despite the protagonist only spent time as a national service at the border checkpoint with Palestine) to live a life that will not only be made for war. The two men are gay and with the girl they have established a trio in which their brothers love and help each other. Their lives have to change when Noam likes Ashraf (TV star Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) a Palestinian ruler who came to live in Tel Aviv. The law so far between the group is ignored, but not intended to help one friend. It will still not be easy for Noam and his friends, because Ashraf is abusive in Israel and at the same time his family, who lives in Palestine and does not know he is gay, hopes to solve his wedding and very beautiful girl, who is a sister-sister of Ashraf's sister. is a loved one, who is also a terrorist and will have a serious role in conspiracy development, and the result is not for two men. Because violence against homosexuality and peace (improper exploitation, if not directly) is stubborn and therefore a tragedy cannot be avoided. Even if the film takes into account the barriers between Noam and Ashraf meets, it should not focus on other characters, who might well be written (for example Golan, Yelli's partner, Noam planner, identified as a boor surprise, and then revealed as a good and intelligent person) more) and made well (instead of two guides, we should not ignore Zohar Liba funny and beautiful style of Daniela Virtzer, girl of the group; more than the star of the Lior Ashkenazi looks like herself in the cameo). It also expresses the pride of those who are more talented, even if the director cannot do without a romantic conclusion. I watched this film more than a month ago and now I had thought about it, evidence that Fox and his pal have a knack to hit home.
