Since the coming of the books, all the people of the nation have been attracted to the touch of unhappy love accounts. Even more interesting has always been a story of love impossible, love that can not be. Israeli film manufacturer Eytan Fox 'latest film ?? The bubble 'is on that. And then also not. The title of the film refers to the "bubble" which Tel-Aviv set against the history of the political reality of Israel. The capital of the country and the most important capital is Nablus, the West Bank of Palestine which also shows the film. It doesn't have much the same as the time and hate in the Palestinian checkpoints. True, it doesn't seem to have anything like anything around you. Tel-Aviv's bubble allows people to have a very different life from what you can expect in any Western town. Young girls are looking for a Britney Spears record, a life magazine editor and looking for a sexy cover for its next issue, people with good quality who live in the best cuisine to discuss good things on cappuccino cups and other standard drinks, while those at home look at the local Id Idol. a false lie. The film continues around the life of three young people of Israel who are involved in a flat and, for the most part, try to stay out of politics. Yelli, the camp owner and the manager of Orna & Ella ", the hip cafe, rarely leaves the water and prefers to think about the" crap around them ". The political term and reflection. Lulu, the only woman's vote, is the opposite of what is associated with the left of Israel, although her political activity seems to be closed only against the work. "Yelli and Noam usually did not allow to participate in this. and his political friends make t-shirts and rave symbols, put the buttons and offer booklets announcing in the neighborhood.For their great concern it seems that none of the Palestinians are involved and that the police can come and destroy all of them. The more the real struggle is when they enter the bone and the rest are not the friendly inhabitants of Palestine who are trying to prevent the release of flyers. In other words, the predicting bubble products. ”<br /> <br /> Movie opening events take us to the road The Palestinians are also receiving Noam doing his conservation work. A Palestinian group is considered before Israel intervenes, among them a pregnant woman who suddenly emerges and gives birth to a child born without any effort from Noam and a doctor who comes to an ambulance. later he returns to Noam's door in Tel-Aviv and his identification which ends with him a time of trouble on the border. His name is Ashraf, he is a Palestinian and he is gay. And he didn't come back to the identification, he came to see Noam. Without permission to live in Israel and despite initial reluctance from the members of Noam sits. Recently gets the Hebrew name and works in the Yelli cafe. As he grew up in Jerusalem in Hebrew, he does not have an Arabic word that is possible for him and his new friends to hide his identity. The sky is blue and the air is sweet. But it can not last. Since he has been part of the equality that has never been meaningful. At one time, Noam and Ashraf are watching a play called Bent on two prisoners in Nazi concentration camps who have a relationship of love that can never be physical or visible to close guards. They find a way to be together on another level, a romantic one, the level that no one else can achieve. This is also where our couple come to an end. And it couldn't be very different from them, not Israel today. The "bubble" is a political statement about a bubble that breaks when facing the modern political situation of Israel facing a history of a beautiful and unusual story of love involving Israel and Palestine, the impossible story of The love in the world divided where no such things as harmony or other colors than black and white exist. "Bubble" is also a good film on people, gay and direct, living in this wonderful city, Tel-Aviv, shown through the eyes of people who care about them. The background of the film may have its flaws and a series of bad events may seem like, but its powerful message and emotional impact will not leave them without meditation.
