The Israeli / Palestinian disputes hold on and when the world can recognize the violence surrounding the split of the two countries, a few have a concept on the other side of the division - a group of people who want peace and work to overcome separation. Eytan Fox, in BUBBLE ('Ha-Buah'), has created a much more ambitious view of discrimination, if you choose to talk a story that has a good sense of humor, a lot of love, and a taste of cruel truth. It is a window in a state that asks for understanding. In Tel Aviv close friends are three: Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), a beautiful woman with strong views; It was (Alon Friedman), a very young girl who works in a popular coffee; and Noam (Ohad Knoller), a good, loyal colleague who, in addition to his work in a music store, is a member of the National Guard and therefore uses his free time as a guard at the city inspection. It is during the weekend of the work of the guard that meets a little Palestinian girl named Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), and the two attraction happens. The three friends decide to 'stop' the unlawful law Ashraf (who is called the name of Israel) and when Ashraf and Noam live in a relationship of love, Yali employs Ashraf on his café, and Yali and Lulu both find the interest of love , too. They all go well until Ashraf returns home to his sister's wedding. Although Tel Aviv Ashraf has had sex with Noam, life is very different from Jerusalem: Ashraf is told he must marry his sister's sister. In an attempt to rescue Ashraf due to its fate, Noam and Lulu have hidden themselves as French journalists for access to Ashraf. In the minute of the release, Noam and Ashraf are found kissing by a son-in-law, and this act gives a reason for the salary to Ashraf remain 'in the closet'. When young people in Tel Aviv are playing in the focus of unity of peace, the attack comes from Jerusalem - one of which has not only immediate consequences, but also in revenge Ashraf should now think. The latter is bad for many levels and emphasizes how the problem between these two countries is very big. <br /> <br /> Acting is very natural that from all of the comedic and evil things viewers are absolutely convinced in these good young people. The story gets the right balance between big and light and is this equality than it makes Eytan Fox a good writer / director. More people should watch this important and very good film. In Hebrew, Arabic, and English and subtitles. Grady Harp
