Now I'm on vacation in Israel for the summer, and so I was able to see this amazing film. The first warning before starting to write: I speak Hebrew well, and so the Hebrew portions were not in trouble; however, almost a quarter (slightly below) of the film is located in Arabic, and I did not understand a bit of this little bit. This did not prevent my knowledge of the film, but it caused me to lose a few jokes that came from a strong laughter in the theater. After the year of the Cinema of the United States which many uttered as one of many years for homosexual movies and relationships, it takes something very special to stand up the head and shoulders over others; however, "bubble" surpasses all the rest of its best acting, magic talks, and political climate. <br /> <br /> The movie opens with a look at the border of Israel and Palestine; For the first time, we don't know about the type of film we went with. However, this is an important feature of this film's power. The political situation, with sharp tension in the air is always back. The most important thing, Tel Aviv serves as its own character in this film. It is mentioned frequently. The names of the road and restaurant names are mixed. The city and city development is strictly prohibited, and the city continues with the film The film focuses on the love of Noam (Ohad Knoller) and Palestinian migrants, Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), and Tel Aviv and Palestinian communities serve as a regular foil. We always know that their relationship is banned, and this creates a sense of emergency in the movie. Love is very powerful, and stands as a film center. The second relationship and friendship is the same: the owner of the flamboyant restaurant Yelli (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) connection with the ultra-butch solider and grating golan, Golan (Zohar Liba), especially the source of amusement. The events of love in all this film are beautiful, good works of art, and interesting movies: In the first love movie film, camera camera down as male character gives oral sex to Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), and cancel on the shot of Noam and Ashraf. This gave many others to lead the viewer to realize that all these relationships are the same kind of love. To give away beyond the storyline it will be a tragedy, but you know that there is a lot of political tension and catastrophic associated with the current political situation of the world, so I will focus on a balanced dialogue. Even when watching this film in my second language, I couldn't stop laughing. Some amusement plans include the question that homosexual bombs receive female women or men in heaven, and the Sampson model from the Bible as the first suicide bomb. These discussions reflect a sense of purity and facts that are not visible in Cinema. The music used in the film is also very powerful. Music is used only when legitimate characters or should hear it, and in one place the music eliminates when the character takes one microphone and standing while it removes another. Featured elements that lift the film. I could not give great suggestions for the film; this is a good work of movies that are catharthic and also done very well.
