This first item of magnifus opus of Crispin Glover asks you to think a bit, and so you can't be recommended for any viewer who doesn't want to sit and photograph on a photo of Glover or follow a simple easy? But weirdly obfuscated ?? The thread of his description. For an ordinary viewer, yes, maybe it will come as a combination of a mixture of unusual, amazing, and awesome picture pictures. You can find that Glover does not know that this is the case, and he will be almost like listening with pleasure why someone hates the film why they enjoyed it. Glover's courage and about his work and how the interpreters translate are used very effectively through the film itself, but also through a common question and answer sessions that consistently follow the following; he clearly hopes that people will continue to think about what he has given. The easiest way to translate and reject the film is to call it a Sister or nihilist, a young attack on the modern movie industry from an actor who worked without both and inside. But there is why Glover does his slideshow before showing his movie, and not just selling books; its books juxtapose and create notes from pictures and text that Glover tried together, and what is it? resembles a picture based on Western culture. What is it? it is a lively and compelling film in ways that one expects when he looks. Much has already been done about Glover's use of Down syndrome, and in fact it is one of the original film features. So, in fact, many people seem to interpret it as some sort of a large collection of real and / or respect for the disabled in movies and television? Or, to another end of the spectrum, as a form of direct exploitation of the disabled. But it's not, and maybe that's part of what makes this film concerned for many: the basic agenda is not a political one or a hate, but one of the most commonly viewed of traditional culture is a kind of impurities. It's not a film about Down syndrome, but it is a film owned by administrators with Down Down syndrome which are seen in it. I have a kind of person who is a gung-ho when it comes to evil and attention is shown so much because it's good; happy for me, this is pretty much how is it? appears to the audience. Glover uses fantastic images of snails, death, and disability in part because he wants his listeners to be uncomfortable at any time of the absence of an image or a visceral striker has a deadly anthropomorphized snail. In some ways, the compulsory elements (and often wrong) are? remind me of the work of painter Francis Bacon? he of the proud popes, yes, and the abnormal misconceptions of human figures that actually make the observers weak and want to look away. As a picture of Bacon painting, the Glover film can be powerful and humid, humid and extracted, dirty and performed? and differences help make it more difficult. But this is still not the worst film, and it is largely seeking to hit the greatest blows of restraint through the use of humor which, for the most part, derives from the use of (and juxtaposition) of objects that are learning, photographs and popular cultural names. And when is it? it's funny, it's very funny. Overall, What Is It? is the first amazing film from Glover as director and writer, and his existence as an actor in the film proves that it is not close to the congestion he can expect. Watch it as being an observer in a kind of dream that is not very good or bad, but just wonderful? and that causes you to feel a little grimy when you wake up. If it's the kind of art you enjoy, what is it? it is likely to exceed your expectations and have a great effort to fear it on the playground, along with the Big Show Slide and Glover yourself. All in all, it's an impossible experience to forget at any time soon.
