It's about a striker, Peter Ustinov, who comes into the UK company, Texa-Conn or something like that, as a computer expert and a security expert. She learns secretly to get her on the computer, collecting her boss's compliments, Karl Malden, the rival of his office opponent, Bob Newhart, and his inept secretary of love, Maggie Smith. The business information was very worried for these non-business eyes but it was trusted enough and I had a general idea. Ustinov, Peter who cares for him, establishes the phony business in Paris, Rome, and Stuttgart, and uses Texa-Conn computer to send all kinds of money to these ersatz stations. Foreign companies, of course, have nothing more than himself, Ustinov, and the address is the loft of the artist left in Paris, the copper shop in Rome, and the bread in Germany. He visits them only to collect the checks he has sent himself. I don't think I would like for the first few minutes because it seemed to be slow. I expected something for tempo quickly and more angry, along with the lines of "Pink Panther" or "Lavender Hill Gang." But this film enters itself into your good kindness when you come to appreciate the humor that has emerged in the plot, reputation, and dialogue. It will probably be a bad idea to give away too far a cunning trick but here are examples of more visible. <br /> <br /> Ustinov to Secretary Smith: "Let me have the assets of these companies." Smith: "Property, what is it?" Ustinov: "Young female sex." Now, nothing is being done for this small exchange. There is a quick cut and no delay of any laughter, which is appropriate because the person's reaction is more than a smile than laughter. Ustinov is looking for a loft of crummy in Paris. It is covered with cobwebs. Bricks are bruised next to a couple of old paintings of the employers left behind. The householder does not speak English and Ustinov does not know French. Ustinov shows the painting of a child as a female woman with a bottle, "Ah, f f-tal, eh?" The owner is also responsible, he responds: "You prenez pour une anee?" Ustinov: "Oh - ANNIE, so that's its name!" Owner: "Yes?" Ustinov: "Entente cordiale!" (Mes amis, if I make these young people wrong, I am caused.) Bob Newhart as Willard Gnatpole (!) Has a position of Maggie Smith and deserves to run his home but tells him he takes "a wonderful way." There is a quick sequence of traffic signals. "Caution." "Lay-By." "Give Me a Way." "Bearing." Ended with imperious "STOP / CHILDREN." There is another montage when Ustinov's plan is about to be discovered by the board of directors - roof curtains, police cars, agreeing from Maggie, ending with a sign: PRISON, Scrubs Wormwood. <br /> <br /> Well, maybe one more. I still can't pass over Malden as a master, announcing the decision, "I never end up on decisions," and then I beat a small medicine and washed them under a glass of water. <br /> <br /> Acting should not be good. It is the best role of Bob Newhart, for example. Not that he had many people, and not that his scope was not small, but he is perfect in this section. The music results by Laurie Johnson had a good deal of effort put into it. It seems to have written a short warto for flute. Ustinov's desire is music and its overseas regions dominated by false names like Claude Debussy and Giacconino Rossini. The President of Stuttgart's phony is a man named Schmidt, and he is a bad shade. Maggi Smith is beautiful, beautiful, brave, and turns not as dumb as he looks. <br /> <br /> Good, by its stability, but do not expect comic fireworks.
