"Hot Millions" is a delightful comedy that is made better by the presence of a surprise cast for him. The movie is a tribute to a specialist of Peter Ustinov, who wrote the play screens and looks like an important figure of an enterprising embezzler. The movie, directed by Eric Till, does not show signs of being dated as bad, like others from that time. At the center of the action is a friendly person, Marcus Pendleton, who, before being released from prison, arranges a salary tax form for the supervisor, who is surprised by the state-paid restoration. Marcus, who is a professional in numbers, sees opportunities where others do not want. He starts working with a company that uses the latest computer for his account, but Pendleton is a wise person who finds a way to use the system's opportunity to establish different accounts in different parts of the continent. Marcus has been given a secretary, who also happens to have a flat in his building. Patty inept seems to work as a bus's bus taker that manages to make a mess of everything. How he works as a secretary can understand, but things do not do the same in the office when the angry Willard Gnatpole decides to follow him, but do not be afraid, Patty's heart is Marcus, who is a complete pianist and he is flutist and makes good music together. <br /> <br /> The best thing in the film is Peter Ustinov. He understood clearly how Marcus should play and run with the film. Mr. Ustinov gives a reliable account of the player. Maggie Smith is also better for her to take Patty, a beautiful woman who admits Marcus and who shows that she is a professional herself when it comes to investing the money she gets in Marcus's pockets. Karl Malden is perfect as the United States manages the organization. Bob Newhart also looks like Gnatpole, someone who desires Patty, but can't make him turn. Robert Morley's wonderful looks like Caesar Smith, whose identity Marcus has taken. Cesar Romero also appears in the role of comeo as a customs inspector of the airport. "Hot Millions" will be interesting for everyone looking for a fun time for the odd, but charming, Marcus Pendleton.
