This film sat on my Tivo a week before I watched it. I was so afraid of having fun and fun about relationships that had been bad. I did wrong; this was a flight trip in the exploded libidos of New Yorkers. It is the same as Max Ophuls' La La Ronde, "according to play by Arthur Schnitzler, who has been given" inspired by "credit. It starts from one person, a prostitute, standing on the street corner in Brooklyn. She is taken by the contractor of the house, who has sex with him in the car hood, but he cannot come. She refuses to pay him. When he stops, he responds to his mobile phone and takes a message. He goes away with his keys. Then the story takes the contractor, who pays a professional call to a rich, tired woman in New York, who plays with her until she is resurrected, then takes off. He tells her how she has trouble and doesn't know she is; tells him how good, and lucky. When he left, he asked if he could have sex with her. He sits on it, sprouts and down. This time he comes, he leaves. The woman and her husband give the dinner party to their friends with the trend. Hubby (Robert) speaks business, wife (Ellen) has drawn, and changes the sex issue, and how often men and women think about it. The man changes the conversation into the desert. Later, after the guests leave, Ellen tries to persuade Robert to have sex. Robert doesn't want anything, and puts a jazz record. Ellen returns to the radio; Robert returns to music; Ellen returns to the TV; Robert returns to another TV. Cacophony continues. Ellen goes on the ceiling, Robert joins her. Ellen admits that she needs to have more men, other than Robert. Robert says that he also needs to have men. We follow Robert after visiting artist, Martin, played by Steve Buscemi. I would like Buscemi could have more roles like this, where he is sexy, smart, quite a guy's desirable. Robert says Martin's work, more than that, deserves to get on the show. Martin is excited, until it turns out that Robert says out of his pregnancy, it is a mating dance. Robert tries to kiss Martin, on the lips, and Martin goes back, saying that he is not gay. Robert says that it is not gay, Martin says. Both agree that the drawings are bad. Robert is about to leave, while Martin allows Robert kissing. They do, and Robert goes down to Martin. Next we follow Martin, preparing the art of Manhattan's art gallery. He is beaten by the recipient, Anna, played with Rosario Dawson. (I had to cut this review to put it under 1000 words) ... and love love. We are following Ana, who is sitting at lunch. Her lover, Nick (Adrian Grenier), comes in, bearing flowers. He is cold towards him; he tries to figure out why. He throws out information that he has witnessed with someone when he was in San Francisco. He dismisses the fact that he is sitting with an old man in San Francisco, and he had sex with him. The final revelation becomes a lie. They both make in luncheonette, but decides that they must breakers. Nick is broken. And we follow Nick, who admits his problems to an old woman who meets on the garden bench, Joey (Carol Kane). Joey is a kind of weird and baby, but it's a nice audience for Nick, who needs a tender ear. Both are going to Coney Island at night, and looking at the stars. Nick is under the spell of Joey, despite the difference between them. They return to Joey's apartment, and Nick gradually knows that she is about to have sex with an old female woman. He is over it, he doesn't want to let him go. But he can escape. (This is by the way, the best Carol Kane role since she played Latke's wife in a taxi.) Joey's ring, and is a person who calls Psychic Friends Network, and Joey is one of psychic friends. Although it still hurts from Nick, step by step into his mental shtick. That person is in his office, at the end of the night, and wants to have a phone sex with him. Although it is not Joey's business, Joey goes, and puts the person to come. He wants to keep talking, even though the man wants to leave the phone, and he feels he has made a lot of money from his company, and will be available tomorrow. His life is destroyed. Joey knows that the man will commit suicide, and he tries to convince him that he is his friend, that he cares about him. And he cares about it. But someone takes a gun into his hat, and goes to find some spots on the water section of Brooklyn, and we go back to the original, to this prostitute who started La Ronde. He wants to give him $ 75,000 for money if he kills him. He tried to kill himself, but he could not do it. The pastor does not want to do that, but insists, holding his hand, carrying the gun into his mouth, telling him where the goal is. Finally, the gun goes off, and we see the fur walks down the road, and coming to the corner where he usually does business. The contractor who did not pay earlier in the movie gives, jumps down the window. They look at each other. END.
