The nature of this film is hidden to me, as I only know if IMDB did before I leased it. I think that before "Starship Troopers", "Killshot" was one of the uncomfortable travelers who never had a network, cable, or otherwise. The new name "Kill Shot" is healed in the opening sequence, the first quick sign that this has not been based on movies. Rapidly reduced, cheesy "Melrose Place" music, with short shots 2-around candidate shots of the main characters to let you know what you're at. <br /> <br /> And not interested at all. I lost this film as I renew it that puts Casper Van Dien and Denise Richards on the front cover of the volleyball net thinking of being in the movie instead of SciFi travesty of Starship Troopers (the best book, in my opinion, not a hot movie - but that is another review. After looking at the IMDB, my partner and I thought that the attempt was stopped after the emergence of Troopers and Richards own work (see Bond-Girl and Wild Things here). They lost in the sex area that is associated with a small character to achieve the proposed R-proposed - was proposed in the course of the Video rental course, ie. In any event, they should be released without locking if you are trying to sell it in the waiting / smooth section. <br /> <br /> All, it's entertainment. I hate destroying the joy of telling you it's a television experiment, though. That was a big pull when you look - when you expect a movie film and get a TV show, the difference between them makes it more obvious than usual. <br /> <br /> Could I rent again? No. Would I like to watch this TV show? Well, why - it's better than Baywatch. And their few attempts to beat the whole population would have done well in the mid-90s. The black indicator (who is homosexual to avoid the TV's tribal relationship), the Asian sign (Japanese, I think from Koji's name) more in science and computer than talking to women, good, first-minded Latina student has everything that goes to her except the bank account of her family - this possible show would ok. But as the film only defines me. I have given out 7 out of 10, based on what was compelled to be. It made the most enjoyable evening, and that's all I ask for tax.
