What more can I say? The Americans hated it because the US ward was so bad, although you can explore the basic authorization in it. Talking about the release of American exhibitions (with a new version of Blu-ray Disc) is much faster and more than cutting HK, both back music has been changed from darkness, HK bad music to Hip-hop music; and there were many cases of refusal to be cut. Although, the dubbing was a known task because they tried to capture the voice and the voice of the original actor. But, the problem is Hak Hap (Black Mask) movie was created and means that dark, ugly, super-disturbing and quite gruesome. Unfortunately, the United States released only hit the cream they wanted, which in the past was completely changed to the low voice of the film (HK independence rated 18+) to be more fun and interesting. <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about nature Delivery of HK. This movie is like a mysterious stone, a symbol of the wave of "all the matrix" and the era. The events of the fighting are quite amazing even the camera functions were "old school" between HK movies. However, the style of films created was a unique mix of Kungfu and pop culture. For all the skins, black dress and decorations, this movie has a superhero guns in a black mask against a group of refugees of international international troops led by the star of the metal rock of punk. Yes it looks like a lost child, but it works. It is surprising that the whole movie will give homosexuals the night with visitors fighting the blood battles in leather clothes. In 2002 they made a sequel which had a PG-13 standard, but without Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun. And you know how bad it was because Li and Liu were the main characters in the movie and they had a strong relationship with an interesting friendship. And, have I mentioned mentioning Francois Yip? His shop camp was quite cool, even more cold than the villain's master because he did not use the stranger for all the fighting. Did I say she was also smoking? Otherwise, there are many things to love about the film. However, the film also suffered from many problems. First and foremost, it is a mediocre script made with its best potential, which means this production team deserved better screen-author. There are many variations in the whole 100 minutes but they often felt lost and not quite impressed by the audience (the American version was much worse because all the development of the behavior was cut). Otherwise, you can't ask too much from the drama film. Also, this film should not be quite for children. I will not give you advice if you are under the age of 20. It is full of conflicting content including blood, gore, sado-optical clothing, brutal abuse and so on. With the style of film, it can be called a dream of rain for fans of rock-metal rock music and practical fans. (U.S. ward was strict, but if you want to see it, check out the HK release for what it is.) 7/10. Status: stimulating, hidden, unsuitable, adult.
