David Lynch often makes similar films and puzzles put together a bad way. They are interesting to look and think about but they don't really have a gel in your mind. Perhaps the art will be more meaningful to the creator. It is not the same story of David Lynch. Not that there is nothing common about them. It is odyssey through rural America. The journey of real life Alvin Straight took a mower to get to his brothers' house. She climbed 300 miles from Laurens, Iowa to Mt. Zion, Wisconsin making corrections to his sick brother for past mistakes. At the heart of this film is sweet showing Richard Farnsworth. He brings Alvin rightly to the right in a simple and honest way. The fact that the film is slowly matches Alvin's slow trip towards identification. <br /> <br /> On the way Alvin meets a little girl with fear. She is pregnant and has decided to flee from her situation. After hearing Alvin say about the family he assures them. Later Alvin witness a broken woman to kill her car with her car. He complains that he has been killed several by the leaves. Alvin feels bad but it's smart enough to cook meat lovers that night. Later Alvin's lawn farmer lost his brakes and almost killed him. A good man and his wife should be with him in his house when he refuses. Even calling her beautiful but slow daughter, well played by Sissy Spacek, who haunted with a great tragedy in her past days. Alvin insists on paying by phone. This even gives the car to Alvin to his brothers with joy. Alvin is losing thanks. While Alvin waits also goes away from the bar and an old man of compassion when they talk about the difficulty of war and the price that took their hearts. Alvin even admits the wrong mistakes he made as a sniper that ever hit him. Alvin also meets two brothers who are talking to their lawn farmer. He speaks at a reasonable price to call them on their high-cost work and repair. It even helps them to learn everyone to learn from their own mistakes with their brother. Night night before Alvin left the yard of someone takes his hat to him. The person tells him that it is honor to stay and ask Alvin to write to him. This area is perfect in convenience. It comes from the heart because it is the same, so it is true. It goes on and we can't help get more and more to cooperate with it. We want Alvin to send his brothers. We want him to make adjustments. We want to know this world is full of forgiveness. <br /> <br /> This was Richard Farnsworth for the best. It was her last film and its performance was amazing. You can't help but understand his pride, listen to his wisdom, and finally feel his pain. One is considered to be the person who gives his previous newsletter to stay. When there is justice in life after that Alvin Straight, his brother, and Richard Farnsworth are sitting together on the bar. I can see them discussing their lives, regret, hope, and happiness. As Alvin says in the film, "My brother and I were looking at the stars." Well, I know they all have a better view in the house.
