On the release of the Relevant Text in 1999, it was proposed to be the first David Lynch film that ignored its common macabre and surreal themes. According to the true story of one man and his visit to his brother who was a guest to John Deere's' farmer, at first glance his strange story of Lynch leading. However if the story comes you can see some of the Lynch incoming trademarks. Lynch's view on a small town in America and its inhabitants are still widespread as in its former efforts such as Blue Velvet or Twin Peaks, but the more commonly known is that enmity is blocked. The set restrictions imply that the film has an impressive feature of one of the practical films that can live that I can think that it has a score of G. It is very interesting, these films stand as evidence that a good family film can be released. Nyooka's story was the first thing Lynch explained where he had no hand to write. For many lost this Lynch was a great negative step. Almost all over the world, just the evil review of James Brundage of filmcritic.com was based on this criticism, that it was not a typical Lynch film. "Lynch strives within the guide of the G-Rated story which is not his own." Claims charges, along with its protagonist Alvin Straight "quotes straight from Confucious." He says the story is weak and the conversation is worse. However this is only about the opposition that many will read for the film. While it is true that it is not Lynch in the sense of Eraserhead, the main way lost or Mulholland Drive - all the movies that I also like, the same story has a different part of Lynch that will not be so bad. If you are a fan of Lynch, it is very important to separate the Lynch side from this feature. The story is slow and wise, which gives you a real sense of the main character when he travels to his destination. Alvin is always reminded of his past and his relationship with his wife, children and brother. However most important is that there is no flashbacks, which only adds effect, which reminds me of my conversation with my grandfather and grandfather. The conclusion comes as a boat check taken down the river of meandering and is a good looking. The American landscapes have grown and with the beautiful voice of Angelo experts, it makes me want to go to America. The exhibition is also the best and every trusted actor in their roles and Richard Farnsworth is much better. His Oscar selection was very appropriate and it was a shame that he did not win. Regardless, however it's probably a good dance song for any actress. So, The Lifetime Story does not contain any details of Lynch's profile or business dialogue, the film is a study of interesting behavior about getting old and very filled!
