Who could imagine that a film about a man who runs hundreds of miles on his lawn farmer to see his brother, could be a good movie? I certainly didn't. I thought I knew what to expect: one of the most exciting experiences of my life. I was wrong if I had never been wrong many times, because this is one of the best, realistic and Hollywood Hollywood movies that I have ever seen ... \ t very hard. It is about an old and stubborn man who climbs his sandy farmer and gives to another state to pay his brother a visit when he hears that man has had a severe stroke. That is already special on itself, but what makes it so important is the fact that he did not see his brother in ten years because of a stupid argument. At the same time he has a part of his misfortune and problems, but also meets many people whose lives affect one way or another with his philosophical approach to philosophy. With all the problems he runs for a week, not knowing if he will reach his goal: to see his brother again before the delay ... <br /> <br /> I can understand why there are people who don't like this movie and that's why I can't say that these people do not have the heart or things like this ... This movie does not happen to flashy action, it is slow as sand pouring someone is driving and no, you don't need to look at it with good sound of either, because there is nothing. But why should you look at it? Well, the simple answer is a story. I haven't seen such a touching film and a very powerful story often with the fact that this actually comes from Hollywood and - doing the best things - from Disney Studio (that's true, those studios that give us a sweet sugar deficiency) makes it so important more. I am not ashamed to admit that I had tears in my eyes several times when I looked at it, perhaps because all the blindness of the person for many years because of a stupid argument is also true to me. <Br /> <br /> Some people say that the story is very unknown, but I disagree with it. Maybe it's because they see only an old man driving a lawn farmer and they don't want to think more. If you look closer than you will understand that this person is doing all this because he knows that he has been wrong, that only his pride had stopped to see his brother again and that he wants everyone else to see it too, so they won't make the same mistakes. If that is not deep, what is the most appropriate story to go to? <br /> <br /> I would also like to add that this film had all. Some of the most beautiful themes (finally the American movie that shows something other than the New York area, Chicago or another big city), which was very good by Richard Farnsworth, Sissy Spacek, ... and the most understandable way of telling them despite the fact that this is a movie of David Lynch. Now I know that I was totally wrong to assume that this film cannot be my taste. It is one of the best movies I have seen for a long time. This movie focused on my heart and touched the cow's eye. I give 10/10 full.
