"Very good stories and values ​​about brother's love" describes a rare movie of David Lynch. This was "odd" because it was not a type of Lynch film that had given over the 15-20 years. That was the dark and amazing films (Velvet of Blue, Wild In Heart, Mulholland Drive) and this is the opposite. I know that they have broken many of his fans. Others were happy with it. Count me as the last one, and I'm all three films of "dark", too. This was another story of a real life, here an old man's travel story in lawnmower sitting west of Iowa to go to Wisconsin to see his sick brother who has not talked to him for years but wants to see before his death . Well, I think that Power - an old man runs a hundred car of 400 flowers - still does this "odd" film, so Lynch sits character with it! Richard Farnsworth has a role to play. He is a kind of young, wise-face, intelligent man, wise-wise man, who almost everyone loves. The sores on his face tell many stories. It was sad to hear what happened to him in real life year after this film released. The first 25 minutes of this film are not many, and not always good shows the adult's adult and the most intelligent mind (Sissy Spacek) and its awesome history, but once Alvin Straight ( Farnsworth begins his journey, the story takes. I played this with several friends and thought the film has never been picked up, but I am more generous. I think it's a secret gem. For them, it was a pill pill. I saw his trip very interesting but you should realize this is not the story of Lynch's crime. It is slow and if it is similar to you, you can love this. The order goes into a picture in some people Alvin meets along the way, like a young runner and other good city people who help an old man when he gets into trouble. (Henry Cada as "Daniel Riordan, it's a stand in the matter.) Harry Dean Stanton gets a third bill, but that's a joke: he's in just a few minutes of movie! <br /> <br /> The state of Iowa is beautiful .. I stayed there for several years and I can prove the dirty mountains and good soil.
