It is difficult to find the worst historical drama that depends on the life of any number of British rulers. Just take a respected actor of the UK or Australia, make it a good thing, and be assured that the formula of Oscar wins. <br /> <br /> Young Young is not different, getting almost everything right, interesting and beautiful movies, and soft lights and green and fabrics. On the star Emily Blunt in the role she could finally enter into, the film begins with the 18th birthday of Victoria and goes through controversial issues and her ultimately raising the throne and her famous marriage to Prince Albert (Rupert Friend). As young Victoria herself mourns, she is influenced as a chess pawn and different sides as she sees her position and voice as one of the most powerful British rulers. Although this revolves around the chess board is a common area, it is the development of Victoria and Albert's relationship that makes the film more interesting. I agree: I have a degree in history and expertise in the Israelite era, so I include these statistics. Despite their mistakes as rulers, Victoria and Albert were some of the first leaders who volunteered to improve civilization for their people. They left their legacy in art, public health and education, and in the conservative view of Victoria and the culture of crying after Albert's death. But these things have been shown briefly during the film. It is definitely true that Victoria and Albert were not only in love, but they made the level of respect for each other not usually seen among kings in organized marriage. Even if it happened after the events, they are certainly one of the most special. Ignoring and Friends have just the right kind of chemistry to do the right of a popular pair, the proper combination of prevention and despair. It's a different love, not usually shown on the screen, especially in this type of film. It is encouraging to see the relationship between a man and a woman in the same field. <br /> <br /> But we don't see that enough love. While filmmakers are trying to do this between political aid, it does not create the type of speed required to keep the tension up. Also, without taking into account the most important work of the pair, the objects feel a bit in the song, rather than being close, and sometimes confused. It is not a big issue during the film, but later, the effects tend to be quick and you try to remember what you just watched, despite the perfect presentations and titles, more than Blunt who even finds the words of the famous king. Since it is very trying, Victoria succeeds in many levels but has not lost that it might be solid to normal.
