While it was difficult to assume that the royal dressing game could not go anywhere, we are given a treat, a moving and intelligent game with powerful and scary exhibitions by Emily Blunt, amazing in leading position, Paul Bettany, Friend Rupert, Miranda Richardson , and Mark Strong, as the fastest forces that help form the development of one of the most powerful British rulers. "Victoria Victoria" shows a bright circuit of a young woman in power. Emily plays with the queen, with a good mix of strength and crude, a man who knows the complexity of the work, but who has enough faith to continue. She can show Victoria, like a silly woman who knows she needs help from other key players and must be able to stand up for those who can now have her close interest. develop sanctions on his way to the crown, and even when he takes the command of his new position, he finds a sufficient private road will depend on making some very important decisions and of course, proper support. Luckily to Victoria, there is Albert, someone who looks like him and is his soul partner. There is an amazing chemistry among the two singers, and there is little doubt about its results, but there is a figure of the Prime Minister of Bettany, a man who gives Victoria a wise help and also loves him. Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong shines on both sides of the work that may have a tendency to worry and use a large amount of energy in the birth of a little girl. Each of the support partners can use further development, but what we can see on the screen can be enough to put us in the center of the middle and good performance of Blunt, the actor who has shown the fire and enough passion for the original exhibition. Here, he is given the responsibility of the outbreak of his work, the real historical figures of life, who broke the law and managed for a very long time. He shows the seeds of power and behavior that the king may need in his later years. He also has the beauty and innocence that has been the basis of his support work and future intervention in social change. "Young Victoria" is not a royal example of the ruling class of England. It is a close story of how humanity grows and any specific circumstance surrounds and reinforces. Finally, the movie is a pleasant entry for the year that has shown great emphasis on war and destruction. Here, there is a message that good writing and good arbitration can take us far away, and there is really a good old story of love.
