Who knew? Dowdy King Victoria, a former king who was a regular player for 40 years after the death of her husband, Prince Albert, has actually led a life of drama and drama in her small days. 'Victoria Young' is not just a romance event of a young king and her husband but also does a good job of mentioning the political killings surrounding her planting on the throne. The 'set-up' law immediately attracts you. After the death of Victoria's father, Duke of Kent in 1820, less than a year after the birth of Victoria, Duchess of Kent finally joined the former Army Officer John Conroy, who gave his services as a widow and his new queen. - be. Conroy stressed that Victoria should be raised under the 'Kensington' skeptic system, planned rules to prevent the future queen from communicating with other children while growing up. Additionally, Victoria had to sleep in her mother's bedroom every day until she became King. The film explains that in 1830 Parliament passed the Regency Act, which introduced the mother of Victoria to be regent (and thus Guardian) in the event that Victoria entered the throne at a younger age. At this time, Duchess and Conroy tried to frighten the princess angry and insist that she sign a paper to make Conroy his personal secretary and treasure treasure. The most powerful Victorian had nothing, and refused to go along with the grace plans of Conroy and his mother. Duchess did not please King William as he saw him as a pastor who brought honor to the Kingdom; The king felt that Duchess did not respect his wife. As a result, Duchess tried to prevent Victoria's contact with the King. In a high-top area that seemed to have been done in history, the King thanked Duchess at his birthday, saying that it was his goal to live until Victoria arrived on his 18th birthday so that his mother would not be regent. King William laid his word and died shortly after Victoria had the right to enter the throne. Victoria retaliated against her mother for the help of Conroy, who demanded to make her child very heavy. Both were relocated to a secret apartment in Buckingham Palace and for several years Victoria had a little relationship with her mother. 'The Young Victoria' offers excitement and breathing around Victoria's lands as Queen. The best part of the film deals with Victoria's relationship with Mr. Melbourne, the Whig Association Minister who unfortunately is shown on the film as less than he. At first Melbourne finds the trust of the little Queen and becomes good friends. In the early years of his reign, he sees Melbourne as a development, but later lose respect for him somewhat as he has been revealed to be a common politician, hiding his contempt for citizens who he should be championing. In fact, Melbourne was the most man-made of Victoria, but the film shows sexual tension between Prime Minister and Prince Albert, as if they were romantic opponents. The plan spreads when Melbourne is forced out by the Queen must have Sir Robert Peel, the most conservative Tory party, as the new Prime Minister. The film says the events of 'Crisis Bedchamber' which Peel resigned after Victoria's refusal to replace some of his Bedchamber women and her Tory politicians. The film comes from another scandal that included Lady Hastings, one of the Duchess' waiting women who was accused of having a relationship with John Conroy and being pregnant with her. Because of his hatred for Conroy, Victoria contributed to the worst speculation about the spread of Hastings. As has changed, Hastings appeared only pregnant what she had and was actually a stomach tumor. The lack of Victoria suggests during the Bedchamber Crisis but the scenarists of the film ignore some of the improper characteristics of her behavior as evidenced by Affir Hastings. Some of the 'Young Victoria' are concerned with - of course - love between Queen and Prince Albert. Victoria held Albert waiting, as the film makes it clear, for he wanted to engage in his work as a new King. They spent a good time accompanied by another until Albert returned to England and gave Victoria support during the Crisis Bedchamber experiment. I see a good number of symmetry between Prince Albert and Prince Philip, the Queen's husband now. When Philip is particularly Danish, he went to school in Germany and had a lawyer who was German. Both Albert and Philip did their business to fix etiquette in the Court (there is a huge area where Albert finds that the staff still keep the table for King George III though he was dead for years!). Albert's conflict was like Philip? As the Kings of Kings, they had to find something to do. Both Albert and Philip emerged in various civil projects and confirmed that they did not have to continue to live in the shadow of their very popular wives. Fortunately there is a better place towards the end of the film where Albert is concerned with Victoria and what she sees as her 'intervention' in her affairs. Albert does not want a 'Crisis Bedberber' second so it goes on his wife and arranges a harmonious relationship involving Victoria's bed. Victoria is talking to Albert when a bullet shot near the two of them (in Albert's film was shot by hand but this has never happened!) Rupert. Victoria Victoria lives in an instant and the closure of the ambition is very high towards geography (not mentioning to Victoria after Albert's death). But 'Victoria' is still a drama and a history of interesting history.
