It is unfortunate that King Victoria is described as a historical example in relation to his relationship with men. Once he succeeded with the throne he came under the influence of his Prime Minister Melbourne to the extent that he was known as "Mrs Melbourne". After the death of her beloved husband, Albert, she was called “Widow in Windsor”, and after years, long-term friendship with Ghillie John Brown Brown gave her a nickname “Mrs Brown”. in the elderly community. The fact is different from "Young Victoria" goes to the record directly, describing the queen as a knowledgeable and independent woman who knows the shortage in her community and in her court. Courts have been rarely aggressive, planning plans and planning, honeycomb and sometimes, obvious killings. As an 18-year-old innocent, Victoria went to his uncle's uncle's seat, thus establishing a good controversy and strong struggle between Prime Minister Lord Melbourne and his rival Sir Robert Peel. Mr. Melbourne is looking for a dash at the Old School of Old School in a way that is well-respected and his well-respected advice. It is not surprising that the young king finds himself surprised, and perhaps even a little in love, fear that he misappropriates, drawing a narrow line between trying to deceive himself and trying as he might push his policies through the judgment of Victoria. At the stadium of Prince Albert, on a message from King Leopold of Belgium, committed to political relations between Britain and Europe. The first surprise woman, soon loves the queen of English and reduces the influence of politicians and retirees. "Young Victoria" is a very beautiful picture, beaten by beauty and highly stimulating. I realize that it has been criticized in some quarter for this skill as a movie about the 19th century English Royalty should be shown Empress of India and somehow family living in cargo in workhouse of dirt ........ I don't think so. I must suggest Miss Miss Emily Blunt whose beauty was reminiscent of Princess Margaret.Hers is a very important role, and she has no difficulty in dominating the film including a great show from Mr Jim Broadbent, Miss Miranda Richardson and Miss Harriet Walter, all with more skills. Music deserves control and makes part of the whole movie integration without any way to lose. The fact that Britan was more successful under its two big stars, Elizabeth the First and Victoria, than at any other time is the issue of women who want to do more, but, I find that, as Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher strong women make them feel uncomfortable. work out why there is a Ph.D. in it.
