In general, I thought it was a very good movie - I hate to use the word 'good' as it was dry but it was very good to look at the central exhibitions and Rupert Friend and Emily Blunt were very strong. I liked it so much that in spite of the apparel of dress and measurements, all covered with good quality, this issue did not take the heart of a film that was good, writing hard (thank Julian Fellowes: D); there is nothing crying or full of breath, not very emotional (when Victoria gets out of bed to find out she is now a Queen, well you can't get a little hand over the crown). It was moving gently with every film that was worth it. In fact, it shows that love between Victoria and Albert, though a fairytale-ish one on the face, was actually a fierce flame and Friend and Blunt did well to show how these two men 'included' independently despite the unity that was originally planned (my insurance it was when they came home after hunting and Victoria hugged her new husband back, so he said without any words, that's a film that refers to). Self-self-deception too, he has a face that you need your attention and I can't mention the dress that he is wearing - just everyone just good. If I felt I had trouble sharing with any of them! Some of the ensemble did their work well, Harriet Walter as King Adelaide as an example. I was just interested, was that he didn't have a quick feeling, or an event that could have made the film a little exciting? (It was tame) I don't know, I wanted 'something' would happen that Victoria could do power and prove that she was worth more. When he and Albert were saying, I liked it, I could do it more importantly, though that might be just me. <br /> <br /> Finally, at the risk of speaking all countries, it renewed the kind of pride and fear in the crown and what it takes to be in that position, especially in one so young. This may be part of the fact that the photograph of the youth of Victoria's youth life is almost always the one I have been writing for one of the 'Sword and Scion' character but yet, it caused those feelings (for those who follow my book, you might know what the attitude of Victoria shows correctly?) It may be part of a film that shows how the ignorant government was back at that time because they didn't seem to give the two poor and the rejection of the nation, which comes back to reinforce that Queen Victoria and Prince Albert worked in this field. local. It made the government look rather meaningful - nothing changed then I think. <br /> <br /> BLOG on film and books: http://sempergratis.blogspot.com
