What else can you say? I have not been impressed by the small actors since Cate Blanchett came over the area more than ten years ago. And although Blanchett and Blunt have all played Queens now (it seems to be a mark of the top and coming fighters), the tasks are full of the opposite of polar. Just put it if you're looking for a great passion, compulsory game, and Machiavellian decisions, this is not a film for you. This is not to say that the script or direction was bad, just that the film's image did not lead to a very large life compared to another popular royale like Elizabeth I, Anne Boylen, Henry VIII, Henry V, Henry II and Elainor of Acquitane. These are people whose lives were such things as soap soap made and whose policies and decisions changed Britain's course, and in many cases, world history. Victoria, on the contrary, stood on the throne without the incident, he supervised a nation that was rapidly becoming a world power because of the manufacturing and rising of the Navy, his State had a strong government led by powerful and powerful politicians, and married young people they had family life together. The truth of his life is not Sturm and drag like powerful dramas are made. The heart of the film, apart from an attempt to dramatize his disgusting memory and murder around his throne, is a story of one thing that was surprising and surprising about his rule - the story of love. A marriage made for financial or political reasons is because it is not necessary to look at the world pushing enthusiasm, but Victoria will always be remembered in history as a kind of marital trust of Patron Saint, a happy family life. Thus, in the middle of the film is the love of the Buddha of Victoria and Prince Albert. I was so taken up by the Rupert Friend's character of Albert who was shown as good, ill, largely and perhaps a young man touching, looking at "doing good in the world and helping". In short, he is a good man who is a good man, not a more powerful example to start a celebration around, but because it is not a story, it doesn't matter. The attitude of the character shines through thanks to the performance of the girl who has emerged but diligently. <br /> <br /> For the Queen, well ..My Blunt is good. Her beauty cannot be denied, but she is more than a good looking thing; His face is as quicksilver because of its definition. Arch a bit of eye, eye view or a little smile of wry provides very much. Again, this is not a bombastic performance of heavy speech and interesting suggestions, not a kind of movie. But what Blunt does with the role is to show the simple humanity of the character and the subtlety. For example, we see the joie de vivre that was saved by the mother of Victoria (Miranda Richardson) and her counselor / girlfriend Conroy demonstrated in simple things as Victoria was trying to beat her dog. We see her happiness and fascination on the first Albert meeting with her eyes moving toward her. We see his concern and interruption while speaking to Parliament on His Rise. And my proposed site for all in this film - we see the concerns, joy, and hope while engaging in doing what most women have never done in their lives - asking someone who would like to marry, a proposal of ignorance at those times (and others could say now) that Victoria strokes nervousness before she can even say "marry". Again, this is not the most advanced film than the words of life, but most of the research in the tricks of behavior and doing little things to say a lot. So, in general, I judge the film and what it is and tried to do and such as I give 7. I felt that some politics could be better explained and that some very good actors were lost and little to do and little character development, namely Miranda Richardson as Duchess of Kent, and the characters of Conroy and Lord Peal. Again, the film should not spend too much on those characters, but a little more explanation would help explain the political situation. I would also like to see more of the married life of Victoria and Albert, but that could only be my desire for more events between Friend and Blunt. In summary, do not see this film according to the historical game but why it is true, the story of love between the two characters that happen to be historical statistics. I offer this solid film 7 for spectacular displays, brilliant dress and landscape with Victoria's magnificent Emily Blunt. And anyone with a romance disorder remains in it, it will be affected by the end of this film. God will save the Queen.
