Have someone with your hand every time you walk up or down the stairs? Have others eating your food before eating? Dealing with a mother-bearing mother? These are just a few of the obstacles that young Victoria has to deal with this film (there are also various battles that continue, as well as her life effort). Needless to say, it makes it a lot of attention and learning. I just saw Emily Blunt in the devil growing Prada (and a little bit). When he was in the film, he is once again standing here. I was so surprised by her little Victorian appearance, and I think she had won the job very well. She makes a change from the little Victoria we meet at the beginning of the film for Queen Victoria she is quite reliable. Ignorance is thrown entirely into the role, displaying different directions (from those affected, by force, from young Victoria who makes mistakes to the Queen who can control). Not enough on Emily Blunt in this role. He - just simply - good, command your attention every second he on the screen. Keeps access to you until you reach the final image of the film. Friend Rupert also proves to have the interests of Victoria (and last husband), Prince Albert. Administrators have a good chemistry and you believe in their ongoing relationship. They have their differences, but you can tell them they love. Ignorance and Friendship is best in every area that they share and make you interested in what is happening between Victoria and Albert. Other actors in the film are also very good. Paul Bettany as Lord Melbourne, Miranda Richardson as Duchess of Kent, Mark Strong as Sir John Conroy and Jim Broadbent as King William. No one bad performance in this film. People who are not interested in people are shown well too, due to how long a little screen they have. Even the Victorian dog (King of Cavalier Charles Spaniel called Dash) did not remember and affects the film. <br /> <br /> Although the movie may fly over a few aspects of Victoria's life - especially the end - and instead it tells us what happened (with him and Albert) on the screen, the most important thing is what we * see *. This is after all, the film about 'Victoria Victoria' (not 'Victoria's Central-Aged', nor 'Old Victoria'). Although there are other things made in this history and film, it remains to focus on what happens to do - which tells us the story of how the young man climbed into power. <br /> <br /> The movie looks amazing, Emily Blunt's dress is awesome and music only enhances the film, not quite available. It is a unique shot and, unlike many films today, this film is really good, because it does not run long to lose interest or feel that it is not needed. It goes without saying that what makes this film is very nice is Emily Blunt. He is a good form here, turning to another excellent performance and lifting this film on what would have been, had another actor healed in this important / historical role. This is one of the most effective films, with the most beautiful performances that should definitely appear. If you are grateful to look for an attractive woman who was very important in history, this is a must-see.
