The interest of movies in the British administration continues with The Young Victoria (1837-1901), after seeing in recent years, the efforts of Keira Knightley's The Duchess, Cate Blanchett Elizabeth film, and Scarlett Johansson and Natalie Portman to take a Boleyn sister with Another girl of Boleyn. More modern stories can include Helen Mirren's legacy of the Queen's award for the current reign of Queen Elizabeth II during the death of Princess Diana. Each of the films mentioned shows the stunning artists and actions that contain (ok., So others can accuse Johansson) or were the flavor of their time, and each film had a definite time in the heritage of historical characteristics that becomes no brainer to have events it was set, and indeed Elizabeth had enough for the duration of two films. However, the Young Victoria, as a preliminary title, is the subject of the life of a young king, and if you are looking for a reliable event, or contemporary political violence that affects all royal houses and their shadow activities, independent politicians, by chance The worst is nothing here. It doesn't say Victoria Victoria doesn't. Directed by Canadian Jean-Marc Vallee (known by CRAZY) and written by Julian Fellowes, this film writes in very plain words, life and times of Victoria (Emily Blunt, soon being a new girl) when she was a child, the trouble she faced with Coronation as such a desire for his mother Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richardson) and her counselor Sir John Conroy (Mark Strong) to formally as a Regent for his throne seat, as already organized by King William's (Jim Broadbent). If it was not enough, the political power game enters the image by Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany) to become Prime Minister-trying to receive the trust of the new Queen, and usually climbs his faithful allies in the space inside the palace. On the one hand you would like to understand the need for a young man, and a new queen that has trusted people in an important position, but on the other hand, they work for their interests, or for the interests of others? Even this input enters into its romantic story with Prince Albert (Friend of Rupert), where their relationship makes a lot of the second half of the film, and everything that was already included in the trailer. For both, they have been moved under the influence of others, and told each step of a particular way to do. Even their unity can be seen as a consistent registration of the union, if not for all lovers to realize their common need to establish their own base, and do it with the help of each other. Instead of being a pawns, there is this constant search and explore opportunities to avoid exciting, and sometimes unfamiliar, code and code. Hope also becomes a highly valued product, and honesty can also be traded for wanting to keep a clean layer. However, all these themes have been only warmed through stories, from childhood to love, marriage and children. In fact, there is a high speed of sending here, especially the last few minutes filled with central titles, which leave the more willing audience, and the course of course for another film, which I suspect will not see the light of the day, but perhaps the series of The television can take on the response of the film, and come with a series of mini or such. It is a pity that all efforts here to ensure a beautiful dress, a set and the direction of the art will be closed to the film which is quite lighter in the theme and briefly mention the issues, for they do not resist the characters in fact to allow some to overcome the characteristic defining character. <br /> <br /> For the cast of stars, one could expect more, but one would want more than it. It has been suggested for those who have known about the Kings and Queens in the Kingdom of England, just like complementing the other relevant stories available in the previous films.
