Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) is on the British throne. King William now (Jim Broadbent) is not good and can't live long. However, Vicky's ignorant mother, Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richandson) and her assistant, John (Mark Strong) want to persuade Victoria to sign the papers calling "regents" until she is old, for she is only 20 years old. This woman refuses, despite John screaming. It is another sign that Victoria has strong intent and deep love for her country. However, when William passed by, shortly after his 21-year-old birth, Victoria knows that she has a great responsibility in front of her. First, he must join the "right" counselors to rule wisely. He chooses Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany) who, although an old man, is said to be a charge for Vicky. Which brings us the second major decision of the little queen. As soon as it is not, the little queen should choose her future spouse, for it will bring stability to her life and those of the kingdom, since the heir must be visible in the years to come. At the same time, in Germany, family members of the British royal family are also planning. The Good Prince of Rupert (Friend of Rupert), the Saxon-Coburg hall, is used by his father to the English royal court. Once he gets home, he has hit and the feeling seems to be the same. But, since he is a small player on the royal decision-making map, can he succeed to win his heart? This is a lively film, made better by the winning performance with Emily Blunt as Victoria. Yes, he is good but it is his reading of the prudent role that testifies to power. Friend, too, does well, as well as other actors, including Broadbent, Richardson, Bettany, Strong (it's a duty to ignore!), And others. Also, the film is shot, is considered costly, and it is put in place, being treated in every way. If anything is not enough, it is an additional measure, if the film seems to be very straightforward and prosaic, sometimes, with some non-minded silk. However, this is only a small, small argument in a successful and very good film. In short, young and old, should find during Young Victoria. It is the most appropriate film for the 2009 movie offering.
