In addition to the longest regime in British history (63 years), Queen Victoria also has two differences. He was, far from our present Queen, who was an old king of England, at the age of 81. And he was also the youngest of England (as opposed to the English or Scottish king), coming to the throne as a eleventh girl eight. And at any time of the television or the film makes a plan or film about him, they seem to be more interested in young Victoria than they do a little girl; The Victorian version of which modern viewers will know more is Judi Dench in "Mrs Brown". "Victoria Young" tries to fix the balance by showing us the events surrounding his entry and the early years of his rule. It has a rare reproduction to the former Royal, Sarah Duchess of York, whose daughter Princess Beatrice looks briefly as an extra. <br /> <br /> There are three main pieces for a plot. First of all is the concern of Victoria's mother, Duchess of Kent, a very unpopular character by her own daughter, especially because of the influence of her counselor Sir John Conroy, who had so much patience to be her lover. (According to the infallible rumors he, and not the Duke of Kent, was the father of Victoria's origin). The second piece is about the love of growing between Victoria and her German cousin Prince Albert, and the attempts by King Leopold of Belgium, who was a uncle to both, to influence this love. (The hope of Leopold was to increase the popularity of the Saxe-Coburg House, which he and Albert had belonged to him). The third question involves one of the most remarkable events in the British political history, the Crisis Bedchamber of 1839, when the Tory Party supporters (which usually supported strong rule) said because the young King understood the Whig party and their leader Mr. Melbourne, although Whigs helped historic government government system, and the king was reduced to geographical. The document author Julian Fellowes is known for his conservative views, and sometimes I wondered if this could be a political theme of the political landscape, since he seems to be on the side of the Tories, the predecessors of the modern party conservative. Their leader Robert Peel is shown as an affiliate and honorable, while Melbourne, with all his dash and charm, is shown as a fraud and concern in social reforms. There may be some facts that are these attributes, but Fellowes reflects on the fact that just a few years before the Tories was contrary to the Amendment Act, which ended the demolition of the demolition of corrupt councils, and that they had benefited from illegal expulsion by William IV Administration of Whig. The lessons in the history of dynasty and constitution should not transfer properly on the cinema screen, and this has its own precision parts. For example, Prince Albert had no injury in Edward Oxford's attempt on Victoria's life, and Melbourne (in his five years when Victoria's entry) was not as young as shown here by Paul Bettany. King William IV certainly did not hate Duchess of Kent (who was his sister-in-law), but I doubt whether he would go until he had kidnapped him during a government banquet, as he is shown to do here. I have also failed to understand the importance of the area where Duchess and Conroy are trying to force Victoria to sign "Regency Order"; The constitutional position of the Duchess was made clear by the Regency Act of 1830, which provided that he would be regent if his daughter was still less than eighteen during his entry. No piece of paper signed by Victoria can change the terms of the Act. There are also non-regular errors. In the first place we saw Victoria and Albert playing chess when they compared themselves to the sand led around the chessboard, the model says that the whole area should come complete with "Dangerous Warning. The most beautiful performances, especially from Miranda Richardson as Duchess organized by Mark Strong as Conroy's horrible. It seems very interesting, as we hit with a beautiful style we came to cooperate with the historical historical game. (and not too high as he was "Moulin Rouge"). <br /> <br /> The main reason for the success of the film, however, is the exhibition of Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend as two young lovers Victoria and Albert Ignorance can be more interesting than Victoria in real life, but in her appearing in the beautiful Queen hayu ten a woman of the most popular ideas, a widow who was a widow of Windsor who was not worried forever, and loved a little woman. His love for Albert, and their happy family life together, was one of the main reasons why the kingdom succeeded in rebuilding the interests of the British people. (Except George III, Victoria's grandfathers had been notorious for marital status). Ignoring the Friend makes "Young Victoria" to have a good love and a human drama as well as to explore the most important period in British history. 8/10
