Andrei Konchalovsky's theory of semi-semi-semi-siberia siberia should not start immediately, because it must be able to hold the position, because it takes its time in the rounds of the semi-memories of childhood memories when a remote-backwoods transformed village , but the movie goes picking up the steam building in the emotional resonance as though even the voice and the image which framing is being imbued with a great relationship with their issue with such a strong mildness without stabilizing stability that characterizes the Soviet career soul. Konchalovsky commemorates the Soviet community but by virtue of the advent of ordinary people like Soy Cuba and those who feel depressed turn to have opinions and reflection. The news of the revolution reaches the village of Siberia that lives in the vines. The fruits of his work reach only when the world wars ask the boys to register. Through all of this, Konchalovksy zeroes on the individual, and the service and love to explore the appetite of bitterness and regret of a woman who waited 6 years after the war for a partner who never returned, waited long enough to become a barmaid in a ship with velvet lids and which he had left for years to return to his village to take care of an old uncle who killed his uncle's father with an ax, the misuse of a partner who returned from a brave hero 20 years too late, did not return because of the girl who came back, but for fueling the mother, cutting The ambition and resignation of the Central Party of Central Party who returns to Siberia's village for the sole purpose of erasing the map to build a power plant. The movie costs from ten to ten years from 10 years to 80 years with amazing news stories to enjoy the Soviet history from the war of hunger and the success of the titanic technology of the empire (the static image here! All kinetic violence and horn beaten by flickering shots shots of the crowd and surfaces, but the real movie focuses on individual, winning and small follies. For the second half the sense of fuel damage goes into; of a broken life that did not reach the completion of despair and lust. "It does not matter", it seems like the world says, which Konchalovksy responds "is important" because the perpetrators continue to try for redemption. Still behind this 'person against environment' something that looks around, shadows, close to the uninvited, as a successor to Old Man Man who appears in every section to guide or reject characters, sometimes it's just a viewer, sometimes an experienced; backward and above all the indirect and incomprehensible challenges and the assurances of humanitarian characters, something that is unknown is seen. Spirits of the father visible in the dreams of sepia, the regular shots of a star filled in nightky, curious bear, in fact the Old Man's own self; Konchalovksy calls for fear and respect before the mysterious world of another order. In the treatment of a small backwoods community it deals with the development of nature and time and in ways that learn to deal with them, they are often strange and sad at the same time, and how the director will never feel the demolition of his humanity, remember me of Shohei Imamura. It is the Intellectual Interest. While, in the dream area, Alexei tears through the wooden door that holds the stalin of the stalin propaganda to reach his father (dead) in the fog, the idea of ​​film on the Soviet Soviet betrayal, or better yet, in all things lost. The revolution, this rebellion was made more evident in the hot class of the film. Amazing performances, elegiac and surprise to the natural edge of nature, help seal the contract. At the end, the derric of the fuel explodes the fire and the movie explodes in the wild blast of the movie.
