This movie seems to be designed as Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers - a summary of the plot, dance numbers, zippy music and the entire formula is there except for Ginger! If it was true it was intended to reunite the team without sure but it certainly looks for one of these films. Instead of the original Fred's shrubs (such as Eric Blore or Edward Everett Horton), Burns and Allen are used - perhaps since it became known as the comedy team, they should sing and play quite hard. In fact this was shocked, but the team was extra welcome and some Fred and Ginger numbers were made by Fred and Gracie or these two with George. Just once, at the end of the end, does Fontaine play with Fred but it's too short with the off-camera camera. And say about Burns and Allen, I think I owe debt to that team. talking about them in the film. I've never been a fan of their show or their movies. In general, I see the idiot action of Gracie that is very sensitive and I have briefly reviewed the shortest of their films and films. However, in this film I must admit that they were older - not just playing efficiently but I thought they were funny and filled the hole left by Edward Everett Horton very well. They were on their game and the authors did a good job in this department. <br /> <br /> Now for all the films, it's fun and it's fun. The problem with me, though, was that Joan Fontaine was not a very good choice for the film - not just because she was doing out of her kind (after all, she was not a singer or player), but because she had a screen in front of the color ball . Because of this, the normal ratio and boy-girl conversation was not. There was a very good performance with Harry Watson as a young devil boy who did everything he could do to play the cup - all because he wanted to win the bet! And finally, I liked the series of Fun House and Tunnel - it's very hard to describe but it's so fun to watch! In general, I loved this little film - it had a lot of charm and excellent writing. Unfortunately, it also showed the performance of bland and Mrs Fontaine who hit the stage - bringing my logo to this film up to 7.
