Recently Americans could spread over the devastated United Kingdom, destroyed in order to prepare for the invasion of Europe, but in 1937 the image of hip Americans in the sun, a bit of English ignorance was impressive, unusual. The American star to play with stars Jerry Halliday (Astaire), in a European tour and tired of the female cry of the crystalline propaganda of its manager (Burns), has not been identified without knowing the prospects for a girl's wedding Lady Alice Marshmorton (Fontaine). The story is complicated and a betting pool among the Marshmorton crew which is run by Cheggs (Gardiner) who is Lady Alice Reggie's (fashion) pastor, who loves Alice Alice's wife, the former Collier. Stories would be much better as a TV clock. The most common Wodehouse equipment for incorrect identification and jumping to the wrong conclusion worn thin in full-length film. Both Alice and Jerry seem unlikely (and angry) without the concept and the second half of the film. The amusement park faces a peak in the castle is very long and starts firing. Fontaine is very good, it also has a lot of respect and stability to be blonde, no matter how skillful, when a young player Albert (Watson) is a great pain. But when the "sand" is a car drop of many talents, the talent does not leave us. The romantic skills of Astaire is not interesting here than any of its films and Ginger Rogers and its dance events, both solo and Burns & Allen, they come, though its single dance and novice hooder Joan should be tame. Gracie almost steals the whole show as a member of George bubbly who once airheaded, conniving & coolly confident. His perspective and a strong executive of Gardiner as snob devious Keggs is a classic one-of-a-kind. This wonderful part of Astaire and madrigal singers offers "Damsel" a beautiful color of the ignorant and beautiful Americans who combine with the most beautiful and non-British. Gershwin is on his game with "Good Work If You Can Find It" & "Top Foot," which carries the film through its weak points. And there is another film where madrigals find the treatment of Gershwin swing? "Emergency" is more than a piece of trivia for those who may want to see Astaire without Rogers or Fontaine before being a real star. It is a good mix as entertainment as any of the veddevillian music comedies that ruled the 1930s but never made again.
