I read that Jessie Matthews approached and left the partnership with Fred Astaire in Damsel in Tribulation. Jessie Matthews in her head never left her side of the pool to make any American music film. If they have joined this film it would immediately be in the event of life. It is a pity because Guarantee in trouble has everything that goes. Fred Astaire, the story and adapted to the screens by the author P.G. Wodehouse, Burns & Allen for comedy, and songs by Gershwin Brothers. For the answer to the question made by Good Work If You Can Find It, there is not much you can ask for this film. Not a woman who leads. Although Ginger Rogers made several films away from Fred Astaire, Damsel in trouble is the only Astaire film released without Rogers when they were a team. Joan Fontaine little was thrown in this astronomical Astario. His / her behavior does not bite that part of Ginger Rogers are doing in these films. All he needs to do is to do sweet and durable. It also contributes to any music. And if I had to test all the players of Fred Astaire, Joan Fontaine would come down. The poor woman is only angry in the Material. When he met the future star in music with Bing Crosby, King Waltz, not a crash that Fontaine is not given to any music to do. I have my own colorized color and in this case I think it really made some good. The green green area of ​​P.G. Wodehouse is actually supplied in this copy of VHS. Especially in the number I mentioned before by Astaire and Fontaine which amazed the garden. Burns & Allen on the other hand as an old vaudeville couple help Astaire in a good style in the Top St Lip. The surreal fun series is amazing. Aristocracy's Wodehouse runs the gamut with Constance Collier in its best pride and at once the love of Montagu as the father of Fontaine as a good man on the film. The largest out of the girl in trouble is the Foggy Day perhaps a song known about the capital of the British capital since London Bridge Is Falling Down. Made in the most simple way with Fred Astaire, it is one of the songs that will continue as London suffers and even after. <br /> <br /> Dealing with young and inexperienced Joan Fontaine, Girl in trouble levels like classic, classic logo, playing classic, classic comedy. Who can ask anything more?
