In a famous essay wrote about Charles Dickens, George Orwell says that many readers have always felt that Dickens did not write as he did in PICKWICK PAPERS: that is, he did not have a stick to write a wonderful novel for all his work. This was not very difficult for Dickens. Robert's modern Surtees did this correctly, just considering the misadventures of hunting foxes (MR FANCY ROMFORD'S HOUNDS is the name of one of his novels). Among the lovers of hunters and horsemen Pharmaceutical drugs still have the following but most people find their novels. Dickens was determined to show that he was more than a good man (and don't forget, his first book, SKETCHES BY BOZ, was also an amazing book). So Dickens the third book is OLIVER TWIST (which was very bad at points). Orwell says that for any growing author they should change their style of books. Dickens would be obvious (and successfully) agreed with it. <br /> But Orwell ignored the type of writer who passes through his friends. The shock, as I said, is the type of hunting type - but not everyone is attracted to hunting. But P.G.Wodehouse considered himself a player, screaming at the top of the British social system. Her Emsworth Earl includes promoting the best pig in the UK than being ... well Earl of Emsworth! His Psmith always prepared to resist the counterattack when he should be a debate for the right prince. Stanley Uckridge will always have a "perfect" program that should have a great advantage (but always manages to come off the end). And better, Jeeves will always put her attention to work to save Bertie Wooster, her master. Since the Wodehouse had a limited view of his message as a writer - he was there to make a cartoon's fun of the fun of world entertainment - his books did not lose. They served (and still serve) their purpose. In fact, compared to the Wodehouse and Evelyn Waugh's most sophisticated, who also wrote funny books, but for the most intelligent kind. The best of Waugh still remains among the main features of the British 20th century: THE BACKGROUND, CLEANING, AND CLEANING, and others. But for her decision to make her points, if her points did not attract interest the reader has fallen many times. For each VILE board there was a failure at the end of his career as in GILBERT PINFOLD. When the Wodehouse could do a small job of the hack too, his fall did not go away with Waugh's did. Wodehouse was also a talent for talent (when you hear "Bill" for SHOWBOAT symbols, not Kern songs and Hammerstein, but the tune of Kern and Wodehouse came from "Oh Lady, Lady" several years ago) . He was also a good actor. So it is interesting to see that it took her A DAMEL novel in USING and turned it into a screen here. It has a Wodehouse size. Keggs perfect dive (Reginald Gardiner in good performance) is a scoundrel in the "friendly" fishing game of gambling among good home workers leading. He also cannot stop, from time to time, from the opera singing of Italy - despite the efforts of Constance Collier to control his influence. This is the character of the Wodehouse. So that's the way of love between Lady Alyce and Jerry goes well with the decline because of the antics of Keggs and Albert's younger, all who want to win this money game of money. Wodehouse always does that kind of conspiracy, and opponents change their attitude towards their current interests. Wodehouse was also lucky here to have Burns and Allan to work with them. It is generally considered to be all the films that they did as joint actors (such as SIX for KIND and HITING) George and Gracie were helped by Fred Astaire. The Happy House, which comprises the "Root Rocker" song, is amazing, as the original sequence where three perform "whisk dance" (which Astaire learned from Burns). But the amazing logic of Gracie is used by Wodehouse in events and Gardiner (see how he can confuse him to give him more money than his change should be - just Albert sees the errors of Keggs / Gardiner, and he looks at Gardiner as though he either stupid or mad). His discussion with the son of Lady Caroline (Collier) Reggie (Ray Noble, the British band leader) leads him to think that he will marry her, but to tell Gracie when he runs with George to marry is amazing too. br /> <br /> The film has failed to fail at the box office because of lack of ginger Rogers in it, and the weakness of Joan Fontaine. Fontaine does not do a wonderful job in the role, but the downtime is actually the Wodehouse - not making the character very interesting. But the film can stand without it, from other artists and their characters, Gershwin's music, and the wonderful sense of Wodehouse.
