Before 'Zavet' there was a balance between Tim Burton and Kusturica's vision of art. They find their own style, the poe style, and then the coward is a prisoner. Burton has (and still has) Depp, Kusturica has Miki Manojlovic, and somehow have the necessary attributes to repeat the same formula regularly. However, there are people like I get a funny dragon only when they first heard it. That is the reason why Kusturica's worst movies are 'cat cat white cat' and 'Life is a miracle'. 'Zavet' is quite different. You can love it, you can hate it, but this is not just a poetic. Balkanic things like a dream. Of course, if you want to be praised, you should play safe. It was very easy for Kusturica to do just another movie to fly gypsies and get the prize. Fortunately, if a brave person chooses to make a film that will be amazing to look at his past work. 'Zavet' can be described as a strict and very difficult parody on the previous Kusturica Kusturica movies. It is good to see one of the most popular filmmakers. This is the quality that Kusturica and even great, like Bergman or Kubrick, did not. This movie is meaningful which becomes wonderful, so it's amazing that it becomes deep, and so unfunny that it becomes hilarious. Other things that make up the '9 layout from sky worship' could make this masterpiece to people who know how to look at it. The average western viewer did not get a few references. The most famous shop owner is Srbljanovic, and this refers to Biljana Srbljanovic, a famous Serbian writer. Politically, he works as a left hand, and despises the political views of Kusturica and anarchism. Kusturica 'everything but not a trick' to take her job was cut Miki Manojlovic in a Srbljanovic shop. The second reference is made to Goran Bregovic? The former Kusturica composer. He created 'orchestra's funeral and wedding' and began to do around Europe. Although it is recommended as a great composer, Bregovic is only a singer and many of its songs (not all) are notorious for traditional traditional songs. Kusturica's taking Bregovic was to deal with one wedding and one funeral, for the funeral ceremony of the wedding. Also, music covers the western west as 'London Bridge is falling down' or French tilabies. What? Finds this without a wish? Now you see how we feel in Serbia when we listen to the horrible Bregovic cover. I loved this film because it does not make it deep, filled with symbols that become parody, and it is well-run, as all its works are. If you like the previous Kusturica movies, there is a great chance that you will hate this. If you like several final movies, you can find this as a good surprise, because this is like Fellini leading 'Pink Flamingos'. Purpose. I have great respect for this person after 'Zavet'. The next video of Tim Burton would have a great character and color faces. The following Kusturica films can be on visitors invading the World. That is why he is the best director in the world, if you like it or not.
