Kabei: Our mother (2008) is the beauty of poetry and beauty from Japan. Right! I had heard a good review of the film and I used it from Netflix. What? I am glad I did! In many ways this film reminded the old style of Japanese films from the 1940s and 1950s that I liked to love, as seen in the pictures of Yasujiro Ozu - the title of the title even starting in the same way, with Japanese letters ( The characters) in red color against non-colored hair material. Once I thought: this director likes Ozu. The style was also used: multiple internal sets and only external screens. Even the "river shots" several, as Roger Ebert calls them. The power of the film is built on the love of the characters to each other. The story follows the life of the Japanese family before, and when, and after, World War. The mother takes care of her best-growing girls after the father (university professor) is locked for fighting fighting. He has never been free and has a short meeting with his wife in prison before starvation and disease. At the same time a former student professor comes often to help care for both mother and two girls. She begins to fall in love with the mother and is a substitute father for two girls. But the war begins and he wrote and they should say a sudden stop. Will they ever show their love for them? What? Will he return from war? There is a lot of heart and gentle spirit in the performance of the leading actor, Sayuri Yoshinaga. She almost a kind of Madonna, she is very good! The big eyes of the skin and the skin are not skin. The actor who plays the pupil is also amazing: his name is Tadanobu Asano. What a sensitive performance. No eyes in it; he is gentle and kind. I would like to see two of these two movies. I think I will look to see what is available. Two actors of young children are also amazing. The video is released on the NTSC DVD for the American audience, very easily read English titles. I gave 10 out of 10 to IMD. I cried as much as the Japanese eyes of Twenty-Four (1954). Don't miss this film!
