My introduction to the world of Yoji Yamada movies is through its popular and recent festival of samurai and samurai of Twilight, Blade Secret and Love and Honor. I enjoyed all three films, and watching the film's old film film, I think it will take too long to watch all his films, especially the Torah-san series. Needless to say when Kabei Our mother has finally reached our beach, I jumped into a position to look at what would be ODE Mother everywhere, celebrating their innate love for their children. From Teruyo Nogami's autobiography, Kabei - Our mother says about a family of nearly four families? Mama Kayo "Kabei" (Sayuri Yoshinaga), Baba Shigeru "Tobei" (Mitsugoro Bando), the eldest daughter Hatsu (Mirai Shida) and the little baby Teru (Miku Sato). From getting to their lives will be changed forever, when Shigeru gets arrested under Peace Preservation Law of his ethical controversy over nationalism, put in 30s late where Japan have started their "campaign" in China, and later their participation in WWII. So begins Kabei's struggle to keep the job of feeding his family, and regularly, hard meetings with her husband behind bars. Help comes from relatives, especially on the part of Shigeru, since Kabei's father has taken "I told you" so for his guest. Shigeru's one when the Yama Yama (arthouse buffs should recognize Tadanobu Asano here) provides laughter as a bumbling person who slowly becomes confidante and alternative guardian for children, and sister Kabei in Hisako's law (Rei Dan) from Hiroshima, which I believe would sound some bell scandal alarms about its unfortunate season as the film continues through its schedule. When the movie stations are exactly how children grow under the presence of their mother, and in a distant relationship with their father, what I enjoyed is how microscopic family events are less than international events that have affected ordinary people in Japan. It is against the historic history of the Japanese push to the regional administration, and there are those here who do not have such attacks, even to discuss what the country will eventually do should succeed in the failed countries. This is something I rarely see in Japanese films, that it is clear in their discussion of the time, and also find out how a typical person struggles with internal issues made it more difficult and resources sent to the war effort. <br /> <br /> Traders listed here are a perfect pitch in their delivery and roles, either as employers or child actors. Actress Sayuri Yoshinaga deserves special mention for her role as a mother figure who has digged deep and get power to be at home to make a way under trying circumstances, while Mirai Shida and Miku Sato are up to date as children understand who to learn to do with affect. Each area and the three together make the heart when you go when it is hard, or fill your heart with Joy should celebrate it. After a short time you will soon find yourself embraced and want to be part of this family, thanks to the exhibition cast a powerful base, along with Yoji Yamada to entertain some of the original natural performances from kids / kids <br /> Kabei -. Our Mother expresses a positive view of art, and is classy in its time of happiness and sadness without going up, or relying on affordable melodrama by reducing the cost that she seeks from the audience. There are a lot of little things here that have been well done that makes it perfect, and every area is not lost, and with everything so great in sending its message around, that it is compassion or love. In addition to the sudden (I was hoping that it would continue to a lot more, despite an hour over 2 hours), Kabei Our mother comes very much, and you will find it hard to hold your tears, or that they thought about your own mother and the sacrifices she does for you every day. These sacrifices must be needed for another reminder, then the location at the end of the credit reminder to remind you of things that you probably have taken for granted.
