It's a pleasant business, it looks at movies. Nowadays when the "inner feelings" and "emotional forces" are proposed on a straightforward sense, it is difficult to stay loyal to your true feelings. After completing the jury work in Berlinale 58, I was able to search for Kabei Yoji Yamada. After the investigation, I watched the people voluntarily leaving the theater, with eyes, men, women, and the same audience. Even the director of Berlinale, obviously a tough viewer of the movie, admitted that he had been cut off without knowing and found himself crying in three-quarters of this shy experience. But what is really amazing is a review that came after. Despite the successful relocation with the film, many viewers chose to be discreet and emotional without working in their writing. Apparently, after crying, they had put their "cap" on, and so, I missed what I felt a professional about Kabei. <br /> <br /> Let me explain. Putting in Japan before the war, the story of Kabei refers to the family of one writer, and its fate in it, after being imprisoned for what was described as "crimes of thought" against the imperial will. Through a series of long-term emotional events, Yamada informs us by her husband, his honest wife and two daughters, as well as three sisters' sisters? A beautiful sister, a former pipeline student, and a uncle's cad? ? all come to help the family cope with their problems, with the absence of a man of the house. The story goes together at a slow pace, and the heart pain occurs in a short time everyone can predict. This undoubtedly makes it almost impossible for anyone in the audience to be very disappointed with any incredible event. In other words, although you learn to love the family and their supporters, and to sympathize with their circumstances, you find yourself sure of the plot that you find yourself expecting some end. However, two hours in the film (do not worry, Yamada provides enough visibility during gravity and gravity to get around you), he hits you with what I can only describe as "fist". What have you thought about the story of an innocent man who was beaten by his wife and his faithful daughter? now suddenly speaks of one of the family helpers. The person who has even reached the end has been healed in an uncertain end. <br /> <br /> At this point, something interesting happened on the field I had. Everyone began to mourn for a little or no block. <Br /> <br /> "My word!" I spoke under my breath. Then he hit me that "Kabei", in the final analysis, was more than a film about the family that was broken by the last battle of the war. It was, in fact, the observation of the little human trafficking man: How little we cared about the secret feelings of people who are around us. Now, the most severe criticism on the film was that it was technical firm, but it did not innovation. That's what happens when monitors have kept their cap of proverbial thinking, I think. With Kabei, I believe Yoji Yamada knew exactly what trick he would go to employ to touch on one aspect of humanity. The old wickedness of evil did so in the follow-up of the Torah-san, and later, in Tasogare Sebei. After expelling viewers to a kind of story of comfort, he takes us to a sense of mood that they have not always thought about in the movie. This is, to me, is the most effective tool of all movies. One that avoids detection, but it affects you very much. And the evidence of its effectiveness was the Kleenex rains, which were thrown into the trash bed outside the thousand-room film. Now if other viewers could deny that they have been intelligent to forget what the movie is about. Human feelings. Clean and simple.
