"I hate the stories that start with funerals, but I'm afraid this begins the day we were buried by George not that we buried him. So he says Elizabeth (Judi Dench), George's widow. He has led a good, predictable life with George. He has two children and a grandson. When he was 15 years old and at school, in the middle of World War II, he played a night sax in every girl's band (almost all female) called Bombshells Blonde. 'Welcome' is because the farmer was Patrick, an interesting link that was not interested in fighting the possibility of being killed. In yellow, red dress and makeup, Patrick appeared almost like others. <br /> <br /> One day after the funeral, Elizabeth finds herself in the room he was practicing, but only when George was out of the house on the golf course, then two things happened to his grandson, he wondered how Elizabeth should be, he starts in talk about how Bombshells of Blonde can be reunited and play on their school dance. Elizabeth meets with Patrick (Ian Holm), now as Elizabeth, and as much as she was so impressed with her as she was over 50 years ago ( he was also attracted to all other members of the bombshell bombs that roses that appear on his bass dance had a special meaning that proved his love.) Well, why not see if other band members can be found, and why not give it a shot for the performance of reconciliation at the school of his grandson? <br /> <br /> Why? One member of the band is gaga. One is dead. One is in jail. One has gained salvation by the Salvation Army. One cannot find details. One is known as the Nations. One is a professional singer and does not intend to make a school gig, even for reconciliation. But directly Elizabeth and Patrick brings together the living members of Bombshells. We don't know if there is enough. Practice more often than turning into the off-key shambles. While doing so, we are partnering with Elizabeth's life change that was like when she and Patrick were young at the time of the war in London, playing on the band when bombs fell. To the horror as it was, it was the most exciting time of their lives. During the night of Elizabeth's grandson's dancing, perhaps, Bombshells of Blonde, full of jitters and renewed friendships, hitting the young people away. Later, Elizabeth informs that Bombshells continue to play on the gigs, and that she and Patrick do not plan to get married ... but they don't see anything wrong with cheating. <br /> <br /> This is a fun, skillful hogwash, and not quite bad. What works is the knowledge and charm of Judi Dench and Ian Holm. When I hear the word, "comedy warm heart," I usually cringe unless executives are the first level. Dench and Holm are wonders to look like they take something like a normal weight and predictable as this script and turn it into something that we like. Then there is a “broad wider” gambit which is fun if you remember old broads. Among the Bombshell Blonde is Leslie Caron, Joan Sims, Olimia Dukakis, Billie Whitelaw and Cleo Laine. Laine sing three songs and almost new-balance production. He is a powerful and unique talent of jazz which while singing the app becomes close to the Show of Cleo Laine. Another interesting feature is the number of major WWII tracks played in the swing.
