Because of the death of her adult children and almost immediately after the death of Elizabeth's husband (Dame Judy Dench), a player who was a player, the player's player's player came out to return to his music hobby. Now that George is dead, Elizabeth has no longer to practice playing sax in attic. As he grew older by playing and playing, Elizabeth begins walking on a memorable line, remembering when he was a 15-year-old jazz swing, "Bombshells Blonde": he thinks, a WWII talented band of jazz musicians . One of the members of the Blonde band was a pregnant net, Patrick (Ian Holm), whom Elizabeth remained friends. Both of Patrick and Elizabeth, daughter, Joanna (Millie Findlay), Elizabeth's journalists beat former band members & re-taking together; this time as a sex group. Among the members of the band he finds is playing (yet foxy!) Play, Madeleine (Leslie Caron); Dina (Olympic Dukakis), dancing, drunk and foreign speaker, finance provider and widow living with wealth from her many marriages (ex) in Craigievar Scotland castle; Gwen, a real Jazz American jazz player, Clio Laine, with a leading voice; Annie, (June Whitfield), as the Salvation Army Trombone player; Betty, (late piano player, Joan Sims), who has taught the keys of ivory corners in Hastings pub. As Elizabeth, Patrick & Joanna tell the world to the 1940 delegates & try to persuade them to start working together again, Elizabeth often deals with her as she learns more than she wants to know about their adult life - including her own - when with an explosion to play a bright music and the end of life 'Blom Bombshells'. It is amazing, angry, historical, emotional, many generation entertainment that is great fun. Actors provide amazing displays. Regardless of their age, they are still Bombshell vendors who put on the show. (The DVD is now available & suited to possess because of the bonus components & Dolby Digital Sounds). Certainly if a fan of any of these powerful VHS actors is the product of the collector.
