Obsession comes in many flavors, and exists for various reasons; for some may be nothing more than compulsory disease, but for others it can be a way of survival. Lack of productivity, as well as the inability to negotiate even the most important needs of daily life or basic social needs, can even force a professional to enthusiastically accept the area of ​​personal comfort. And in the worst case, the object of such satisfaction can occur, driving in person until what started as a way of survival becomes very important for its cancellation, and as we find it in the 'Luzhin Protection,' directed by Marleen Gorris, the highest level of the mind will not have a satisfactory resolution for the problem, and in fact, it can improve the situation. Considering, apparently, has no discrimination or preference; more than that, it does not provide one quarter. <br /> <br /> In the rest of Italy in the 1920s, Alexander Luzhin (John Turturro) is one of the many people who have gathered there for the chess competition, the winner of which will be World Champion. Luzhin is a Master of the game, but he has a risk in that chess for a long time since leaving that game to him; rather, it is his controversy, that one thing was found in childhood that had not seen him in all areas of life, and enabled him to deal with the shortcomings of his immediate family. So Luzhin is a professional and heel of Achilles, and a blow that perhaps only one knows about and understands, and the more he knows can be used for his personal advantage in the competition. The person is Valentinov (Stuart Wilson), a former Luzhin consultant, who has been absent for several years and has introduced himself to Luzhin. Valentinov is a unknown presence, including Luzhin, and once again life threatens to defeat him. Not only against the good opponent in the tournament, Turati (Fabio Sartor), against who in the previous match appeared and drew after fourteen hours, but also tries to solve a new aspect in his life - his feelings for a young woman he just met in the center, Natalia (Emily Watson). And, though he might be, the dark clouds gather upon him that could only push Luzhin even more in an obsession which has been a grace to save, with a curse, of all his life. to tell Luzhin's story, Gorris uses his fingers gradually to reveal the aspects of his childhood which quickly led to his swelling and chess. And if its history has been established, it gives insight that enables listeners to understand who Luzhin is and how he reached this point in his life. For his childhood events, Gorris gives them a dark and dark environment and the mind of the widespread cunning which continues, and is understandable, the current pastoral pastoral setting. Changing through which he sets past with now is well addressed, and steadily Gorris sets makes for riveting, still unrushed presentation that works very well. He also stresses the risk generated by Valentinov, taking into account the role play rather than doubts, which ultimately serves to strengthen the impact of the film, resulting in Luzhin's tragedy and competition. One feature that causes this film to not remember, however, is the impact of John Turturro. For this film to work, Luzhin must be clear; One falsehood or so-called will be wrong, because it would take the viewer out of the story immediately. It will not happen, however, and the film works, because Luzhin Turturro creates a real and true life. He takes Luzhin's thoughts, with his inability, and gives his character to the words that are unique and true. It is a similar performance, if not, the geoffrey Rush show of David Helfgott in 'Shine.' And when you compare his work here with other characters he was created, from Sid Lidz in 'Heroes Unstrung' to Pete in 'O Brother Where You Were?' For Al Fountain in the 'Moonlight Box,' you know what kind of amazing Turturro has an actor, and is an amazing artist who really is. <br /> Like Natalia, Emily Watson is the best, too, to turn into a saved practice in a way that keeps and giving her character very well. Although he is supposed to be in line with Luzhin, Watson can do so in a predictable way. More importantly, because of its explanation brings it to its performance, it makes its relationship with Luzhin trustworthy and gives full trust to the story. You have but look for the eyes of Watson to know that the feelings he gives are true. It is a very tough job for a talented and talented actor. Help that includes include Geraldine James (Vera), Christopher Thompson (Stassard), Peter Blythe (Ilya), Orla Brady (Anna), Mark Tandy (Luzhin's father), Kelly Hunter (Mother's Luzhin), Alexander Hunting (Young Luzhin) and Luigi Petrucci (Santucci). Well done and donated, 'Luzhin Defense' is an emotionally incorporating film, released by a sympathetic compassion that brings a sense of sadness and perhaps reflecting on humanity to man. We don't need a film, of course, to tell us that there is violence in the world; but we are well served and among the movies when it reminds us of something we should not forget, since we all have the potential to change positive, and make a difference in the lives of those around us. I beat this 9/10 rate. <br /> <br/>
