One of the most talented American filmmakers had no question Elia Kazan. His leadership advice was not particularly attractive, because Kazan needs more space to breathe and be slow and subtle. However, 'Fear in the Street' is the excitement of the first social level and whether anything is more relevant today than it was in 1950 when it was released. The theme of illegal immigrants, migrations of people, close diseases, rapid worldwide infectious diseases (Richard Widmark worries says: 'I was able to be in any American city in ten hours tomorrow.'), Ethnic exclusion and ghettoism it is more concerned today than ever before. This film has the first movie with Jack Palance, and the good performance of Barbara Bel Geddes, two logic strokes. Richard Widmark is allowed to not be psychopath at once, and is a very caring, loving, brave man. He causes one campaign to stop the pneumoniki epidemic in New Orleans, struggling to convince wise politicians and careless people that there is a problem. There is a race against the time of getting short-term handbags that have been infected with symptoms from legitimate illegal immigrants within 48 hours, before the whole city, and if they always remind us, the whole country, risked by the worst since 1919 An amazing example of how Jack Palance, who is infected, has been prevented from shipping in a ship and a mouse bar on the rope is a very strange thing, reminding us of the horrible words that human beings can be the worst and vermin of all. The most enjoyable events in what they call 'coffee factory' on wharfs who oppose more than the Hitchcock resort attractions, and with an amazing environment. Many non-experts are seen in the film, which has the false effectiveness of, well, something called reality. Kazan really takes a camera where even people rarely went, and where even the mouse would think twice. This film was a great social success. If it does not have a lot of refreshment used, it is because Kazan took so seriously that he could not consolidate, for after all, the threat of plague is so much threatening anyone without the need for extra guns. The only thing about the film is the head, which gives false ideas about transparency. But Kazan was just something. He made it clear that this project is a public responsibility, to inform us of the real possibilities. If only this possibility had decreased today, but alas, they are increasing every day. One day, after a worldwide tragedy, this film can be shown to a few victims as an example of how the blast was on the film, but its lessons were forgotten.
