The crisis takes place in the fatale of women in this amazing shot in New Orleans and director Elia Kazan. Kazan as always gets good performances from its executives but it also shows a flair of seeing with a claustrophobic emphasis and a mix of strong and stunning songs one shot to enjoy scenes. A person entering the country illegally is killed after a card game. It turns out to have a form of bubonic disease so it remains important not only to catch the killers but to find all the people who have contacted. City and health workers implement a secret plan rather than inform the community for fear that the criminals will flee the city and spread the disease. Investigation and specialist diagnosis of an hour creates an unasy partnership when they combine in front of the water recording their styles of different observations. The laboratory raises a major ethical question on the public to have the right to know if a medical officer says to the media entry it is likely to create a high risk for the community. Regardless of the results, you will still find yourself thinking of the actor's actions. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark as Dr.Clint Reed by Paul Douglas as Detective Warren show a short and mutual respect for each other in finding them for killers. Barbera Bel Geddis as Reed's wife has a good time with Widmark in local events that brings a good touch of the comic (forgiveness of the comic) due to the tension of desperate search between the ugly river New Orleans ahead of the waters caused by the movie of Joe McDonald's movies. Zero Mostel as a short-time offender is slow and angry but sometimes it has mercy. Walter Jack Palance as Blackie's skeleton (Black Death?) It's just good. By voting for the voting power it dominates every area that is not only with the greatest threat but the awesome charm as well. In addition he shows a wonderful race that allows you to continue to insist, especially in the end of the film's power. <br /> <br /> Fear in Local is probably the best Kazan movie of Brando. It is a tension filled, standing well and planned. It is close to the location of the area enabling a sense of reality that allows Kazan to change to show his style of seeing more of the film action and for fear succeeds with aplomb.
