'Fear in the road (1950)' has more Britain's UK that their American counterparts. As Reed's' The Third Man (1949) 'and Night' Dassin 'and City (1950),' director Elia Kazan chose the film significantly on the scene, gaining a new and powerful destruction of New Orleans pipes. In a decision made from the owners of the Italian heritage, he also recruited many non-professional executives for small responsibilities, issuing real credit to the city. However, any further comparison with worldly preference will be bad, for 'Fear in the Street' is a pure melodrama, of the most beautiful variety. Illegal migrants, beaten outside the sea, seem to be infected with the threat of pneumonic, a blast of air caused by the bubonic explosion, which is released from humans to human and untreated, has a mortality rate that is approaching 100%. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), the US Public Health Officer, assures the police chief (Paul Douglas) who is responsible for the responsibility of people involved and killed, not having the disease. In my younger years, I have seen the '1995 Explosion' 'Wolfgang Petersen' amongst the awesome movies you could see. This exciting, which leads to a lot of 'Fear in the Street' {head of work: "Explosion"}, was so scared because it showed the ebola virus as an invisible and incapable killer? how does one protect yourself from such a thing? Kazan film is the first (which I know) to describe the biological disease problem, although it has difficulty identifying visual diagnosis of an unknown enemy to the human eye; instead uses Jack Palance as humanitarian humanitarian disease. Despite the emergence of some of the worst humanitarian society, you can't find the meaning that Clinton Reed puts his own life risk (some viewers have noted that Reed has not isolated himself against the blow, although I think it's safe to assume that he did it at the same time as morgue workers. However, there is still a strong sense of caution in the hunt for the killers of an infected person, underground rats that harm the sewage and their wrongs. The Black Death (now widely believed that the bubonic plague had disappeared in the civilized world, and killed a third of the population of Europe, many realized the destruction as the devil's work. Jack Palance's behavior, Blackie, serves effectively as Satan in the situation humanity: angular-jawed pig can be constantly being alive and scandalous, but it is always obliged to explode in a violent situation; its two hoodlums (played by Guy Tho majan and Zero Mostel), through fear more than anything else, is always very big to his feet. When one lackey dies and a fever, Blackie denies that the immigrant cousin should be "brought something into it" (because of its conclusion is not available), and so try to make sure what this thing needs to be necessary. He blows Poldi's death in his hands, showing the faux displays of faux which are pathetic and unsettling. Blackie / Satan finally stopped? not by authority, but by the burden of his own infection / evil? trying to organize a cargo ship, a basic tool that is spreading throughout Europe.
