"Fear in Settings" is an exciting and atmospheric excitement when director Elia Kazan got a great sense of authenticity by hitting a movie in New Orleans, using the local population to fill various roles and make use of preferential intelligence. As a result, both the characters and the dialogue seem to be normal and reliable. The last important time that you should meet to avoid disaster, provides stories in its immediate sense and speed and problems that bring important steps from being taken, then increase tension to the highest level. <R /> Tracking the conflict between the participants in the card game, a man named Kochak (Lewis Charles) is shot and his body is thrown into the dock area. When the body is found and the coroner identifies the presence of viruses, the UN Public Health Officer Dr Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) is called and its diagnosis confirms the presence of pneumonic disease. Reed emphasizes that all the contacts of the dead person must be inoculated without delay because the prevalence of the disease means that without that action, anyone infected can be expected to die within a day. If the identity of the deceased person is unknown, the task of accessing its contacts is likely to be difficult and this situation has not been supported when members of the city and the Commissioner of Police do not fully believe the Reed meeting. They are doubtful that the threat to the public is most likely if they claim that their first lack of commitment is the first of a series of barriers that prevents the action being taken quickly. The next study is affected by the lack of cooperation from the immigrant community, the fishery group, the owner of the restaurant and also the illegal immigrants before the identity of the person and his friends are finally found. Kochak, the illegal migrator, was in the Blackie (Jack Palance), Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Vince Poldi (Tommy Cook) and when the Blackie leader knew the ongoing police investigation, he thinks that Kochak should 'You have done something wrong with something very big in the country. If Kochak and Poldi were related, Blackie thinks that Poldi should know something about this and it goes to know more. Poldi, however, is very ill and cannot give any information. Blackie brings her own doctor and with Fitch begins to transfer Poldi out of her room and descending several levels and this is when they meet Reed and follow the following following. Richard Widmark gives a powerful performance as a low-paid public officer who works efficiently with the powerful roles of his work while also dealing with his internal concerns as a family member. In the odd kind of his role, he also shows the attitude of an interesting mind of Dr Reed. The beginning of Jack Palance's film sees him as an amazing performance as a rogue pig who is offensive to Kochak's departure of the card game and also because of a strong police investigation. Its distinctive appearance also helps make its presence of more powerful screens. In the most common form of docu, a picture of the expression of the expression and the influence of neo-realist is used briefly to capture the scenarios in which the action takes place. Elia Kazan accurately explains everywhere but also adds more to the follow-up track of the warehouse and the dockside field.
