The doctor and police in New Orleans have only 48 hours to get an infected person with pneumoniki. Effective and classy way directed by Elia Kazan which compares the authenticity of text and running against the pulpy heart. Set and published in and around New Orleans, Fear In The Settings taken from the story of Quarantine, Some Like 'Em Cold and Edna and Edward Anhalt who won Oscar for original stories. It also engages in good partnerships that provide high-quality displays to their director. So, Richard Widmark {bring the way a year before Marlon did for Kazan in A Streetcar's Famous Name), Paul Douglas, Jack Palance (such as Walter Jack Palance) and a very strange called Zero Mostel, all getting moody sweatily as follower tracking followed the setup The beginning of the Black Death epidemic. <br /> <br /> Where the film weighs its main points is the ability of Kazan to mislead the middle and middle cut out of the characters without changing the change and feeling of the piece. From the Widmark Public Health Clinic, with a hypodermic injection in the hand, runs around trying to find bad people so that he can do well; for evil people themselves who are craving why there is a great hunt for them; The tension is set to reach the point of the flu. For the last thirty-minute thanks to a piece of movies. With the best Playing as a bad villain that significantly puts one in mind of Widmark own Tommy Udo from Kiss Of Death before three years. <br /> It is a story of thinking and written mind, which cunningly mice with mice and criminals to be sick. Blight for the community as it was. It is the elements of noirish, like paranoia, that combine well with the basic mechanism of order. While some memorable events should be considered by the terrible situation that Kazan has created. Although some of the original psychological traits are risky to put films under the primary conversation of the speaker, this is definitely an appropriate film to stay and end. It is not an important film-black, and perhaps not Kazan, but it is certainly a very popular film that asks him for a new generation of film lovers and reviewed by former guards who may have died back then. 7.5 / 10
