Elia Kazan, one of the best directors of the country's exhibition games, showed that she was home and cinema. For "Fear in the Street", Mr. Kazan gives us a preliminary version of what will come later, and perhaps a piece of the title, "On Water Water", although both movies only share the water environment, because it is a different view of the difference studies. <br /> <br /> Sir. Kazan struck the New Orleans area. Daniel Fuchs's editions of Edna and Edward Anhalt stories are the basis of the film, it is amazing that it takes us to a place where no tourism was afraid to watch when visiting "Big Easy". One of the biggest films of this film is a great black and white cinema and Joseph MacDonald which shows New Orleans for the best. Also music by Alfred Newman and Billie Holiday song gives them a good touch. This movie, could be shot in New York, or another north city because it gives us to those who say more like "broklynese" than maybe the South accent could hear in that part of the country. One thing comes out in the film, Jack Palance, doing his first screen, allowing screens every time someone sees him. He was very sharp! Meanwhile, this hard guy shows the side of the tender when he is going to see his sick partner, who is unknown to him, has been affected by a serious illness. Blackie, who comforts this man with his face sweaty and running his hands through the hair of dead animals and stopping. Also, it is the fact that Mr. Palance and Mr. Mostel seem to have done their own stunts, something comforting because all actors make it seem to be true. <br /> <br /> The movie also offers a common side and the introduction of the Reed family at the beginning of the film. We see a family member playing a furniture with his young son. Later he and his wife talk about how they can not end up his salary, which many families need to address every day. Richard Widmark, playing an ordinary person is not as effective as this actor has many clever and aggressive people. Barbara Bel Geddes, as a wife, looks like she is a woman of cities from Connecticut. <br /> <br /> The movie is thanks to the thanks to Lord Kazan and the best cast to work in the movie.
