In Fear In Layout Richard Widmark has a United States Navy doctor who has a week with caution and corpses that have a plague. As a soldier Paul Douglas says a good guy died from two bullets in the chest. That's not an issue here, two of them being unwilling to be in the quest to find killers and anyone else exposed to the disease. <br /> <br /> As explained by any number of people, because Elia Kazan's director was not concerned to give us a small part and anyone who looked like them from Louisiana. After being New Orleans where the story happens I could make sure I was. Richard Widmark and his wife Barbara Bel Geddes can be judged because if the Navy doctor could be given there, but for those who are locals are not working. But with the trouble out there and the news hidden, New Orleans PD begins the soil under the city. The dead boy left the ship from Europe and had a lower relationship. The new Orleans player played with Jack Palance jumps to the whole meeting of the bad conclusion and began to bother the deceased's cousin who begins to show signs of blow. The view received a major review in the first film where he received the information. The person I liked in this film is Zero Mostel. This happened before Mostel became a color player and around that time made a special play it would be difficult for the guys who are actually toadies. He does that kind of role in Humphrey Bogart, The Enforcer. Unfortunately I have been able to identify with Mostel at the end of the run area where he and Palance are driven by Widmark, Douglas, and half Police New Orleans. Seeing the defective weight Zero try to develop and Palance was something else because I am a type of Zero league now in the heft department. <br /> <br /> Kazan took action to go to a beautiful clip, there is very little time down in this film. If there was a little less it would be a Indiana film. Fear In Local won Oscar for Best Original Screenplay that year. Kazan also used a beautiful front of New Orleans and royal French. Some of these shots are used later on On Waterfront. In fact fear In Settings is about people who don't know when they should have their own interests. It resembles it on the Waterfront. The fear in the Settings makes everyone proud of that. Now why Elie Kazan could not find New Orleans with respect to the people in small tasks.
