When the difficulty turns out with the symptoms of pneumoniki (the difference of bubonic disease), the United Nations Public Health Organization, Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) immediately leaves everyone who knows it was close to the body. Unfortunately, the harder got the way by killing, and there is a good chance that the murderer will start spreading the disease, causing the disease. Enter the Police Captain Tom Warren (Paul Douglas), who joins the tracker as soon as possible and avoids the national disaster. <br /> <br /> When the panic in the streets is the best film, it faces to be slightly uninhabited and slightly to crush (my reason to score less than eight). It searches for music from the traditional gangster to the medical disaster, police riots, exciting and even love. This is not the director of the best job of Elia Kazan, but says that it is a little enough. Kazan is responsible for the title of Streetcar named Desire (1951), On The Waterfront (1954) and East Eden (1955), after all. The film preceded those, but Kazan said that already "had no untethered" and studio. Take that freedom too far you can count on the part for the rabbit. Film has been installed New Orleans, a city in which Kazan "walked around ... night and day so I knew well". He liked to use the environment. "It is very strong and colorful. I wanted boats, steam engines, warehouses, jazz organs - all of New Orleans". Kazan leads all kinds of fear on the street well, but it can have a better relationship. The film would benefit from staying only one or two emotions. Publisher in a set state would still work. Part of the trouble could be caused by the fact that the panic in the streets was an attempt to connect the two stories with the Edna writers and Edward Anhalt, "Quarantine" and "Some Like 'Em Cold". The gangster equipment, which is approaching an exciting area by expanding the area around the end of the film, perhaps is an interesting thing. Not surprisingly, Kazan said he believes that criminals "have more color - I have never had a great love for good young people but I don't like puritans". The second end is the only material that is close to the "fear" of the head - the discovery of the blow and the experimental experiment, to wipe it and have the disease. Although there are many doubts during these two "feelings", many films are also a direct indirect game, as well as stimulating the same kind. <br /> <br /> All talk is best. The stylistic difference for many modern films could not be mentioned more. It is intelligent, released quickly and well-recognized by each character. Conflict was not created by "dumb" decisions but smart actions; The events and actions of the characters are like a chess game. When an abnormal situation is taken, such as Reed restraining blow from newspapers, it gives long-term rights to its decisions, which other characters say about. <br /> Because of this, it is interesting that Kazan believed that "justice, religion, values ​​and middle class are all that kill". The concept works in the film through normal change, or aid from it, made by the characters. For example, Blackie's head (Jack Palance in his first role of the film) is given the "Get Out of Jail Free" card if he works with the fight. The technical aspects of the film are good, if there is nothing unique, but the real reasons for checking are exhibitions, surprises and well written conversations.
