The fear in the Settings opens in a black color style, the view on the dark road followed by a moving camera to the window, behind which is playing a bad card game - opening opening which, with some shooting area, expect some of the Welles atmosphere to bring ten years later in the Touch of Evil. One of the players gives us a window open; it is an appropriate step, to serve as an introduction to local events and also to open our first globe of the world. <br /> <br /> Shot for black and white color variations, Fear In Layout benefits greatly from the cast force with good shooting area of ​​New Orleans. Exhibitions set in places such as the hub, the full-functional shipping office or the 'Frank's Place' center provide a unique situation, and sometimes claustrophobic, it is impossible to restore it to the studio. Despite these facts, Kazan's film shows Dassin's influence on the rise of Naked City over the past two years, which introduced a trust, close to the documentary style within the night cycle. In fact, the Widmark role that has been the night of Dassin even better with the city, the film which the feeling of growing fear was widespread. Joe MacDonald, loved by the director, drew a detailed picture of the Plans in the Local Settings. MacDonald also worked on Pinky's Kazan and Viva Zapata!, And shot again Widmark three years later in Fuller's Head Take On South Street. As others have seen, in the usual way of black film, Kazan's work offers a distinction between chaos, disease and street sex and a normal, quiet life of Reeds. But when (for example) in Lang's Big Heat (1953) the home life of the hero is destroyed by the opposite things around the middle - finally leading him to work with increased care and sense of revenge - Fear In The Revenue Settings Recommendations for increased concerns within the constraints of the same 'one-day' job. Despite all the risks, he finally returns to the chest of his family right and satisfied. The meaning of social equity has been restored, at least for now with his knowledge and health skills. This lack of true, has been created by crime and disease. Two are closely linked to this film. Recalling one of the IDs from Cobra's large (1986) - where "Crime is a disease." To meet a cure, "a good example in the environment, as one that also causes anxiety for social decline. At its peak, if Blackie tries to run the local ship, the specimens describing the rats are the same as criminals, both of which are responsible for community health. (infected) Blackie surrounds cheaper rooms and docks with its documents, searching for something that she witnessed everyone is after, if not knowing exactly what, 'blow' and 'Blackie' begin together in the minds of the audience, adding more Of course Blachkie hunch on the cousin of Poldi's unfortunate, that "he will bring something" of note is correct - even if, finally, nothing can sell or steal. The massacres of immigrant immigrants have a ring of truth about him, and so his confusion is understandable. a real. They are known as the main character as a man who goes alone, to travel beyond the boundaries of the law. Through him, Reed is forced to take values ​​with his own hands for the general community - the direction of the film which is mainly postal, due to the director of the personal history of Kazan. The director testified before HUAC badly, referring to the Communists considered by fellow travelers. His film shows suspects that they are being put in for questioning, and because of the media, because the good reason for the public is well suited to the way. These actions are probably expressing the ideas of the director at the time, perhaps accepting the McCarthyite witch hunt and the crackdown of civil rights in the light of interference with communist interference in the entertainment industry. In these times of terrorist threats and conditions of the situation, issues such as appear in the film are modern modern. The position of standing in the film includes a spectacular scene where Blackie is questioning Poldi's death of her cousin's allegedly cousin. Cat like, Blackie hits his victim in the room, finally standing on the bed of a lost patient, with Poldi's head of fear in his hands - amazing, miserable. It is a sign of emphasizing the closeness of corruption, whether it is morally or physically. It seems, executives did a lot or their own stunts, which leads to some of the most dramatic events at the end, as police and health authorities close to criminals under the wharfs. Half of the crawling, half around the top of the timber on the edge of the dock dam must have been very worried for Palance, but it is a series of additions to the fastest of all. Sometimes, under the influence of the influence of the viewer. It seems Dr Reed has survived the national emergency emergencies of the government. Maybe as surprising, he never bothers himself - inviting serious reforms that never praises. At the end of the film, too, the tragedy has been stopped, all your concerns, too little too. But this weakness is much less cuts and other thinking of the film that still makes it based on the relevant focus today.
