It's a hard film to set "10 or Low Items". Normally, I don't care about defining music, but there is something about this film that makes you want to put it in some sort, so that it can spread, even with just one word, your feelings about it. I strongly recommend this film to anyone and, if you really like to enjoy movies and if you like to enjoy life, you will need to do the same as soon as you have finished watching it. I recommend this movie and call it good and nice to accept it is not perfect but it does nothing wrong. I don't want to talk if I disagree with me, but I believe the author / director Brad Silberling knew exactly what he got when he finished writing this stirring script. I am sure he wanted to succeed with products not related to perfection: products that would be simple, attractive and unacceptable as his head. Well, he did. Silberling, the director of a long, hard film, surprising as "City of Angels" and "Moonlight Mile", confirms with "10 or Low Things", which fast for just 70 minutes, enthusiasm has its work and also faith he has in it. Morgan Freeman in the presence of a woman (Paz Vega) in a food store and use them mainly in the most common places that would take them what Silberling recommends here. I can't tell you again because within the apparent simplicity it is an idea that causes a background that should not be overlooked. Because here everyone has been revealed: the camera focuses on the two main characters, who share less in the car car and stations that do not end just because life is life. And I would like to explain how the characteristics describe how Silberling manages the situation by saying that it reaches, for a while (not just during the time of film, but in one day the movie promotes its events) and in a small part, the type of relationship between the two characters who Sofia Coppola generated by "Lost In Translation". The movie, which was set up in Tokyo, also met with the actress and the woman, and also talked about the time they were living their lives. It is in a conversation where we see that it makes the quality of "10 or Low items" and, as in the Coppola film, the nature of each state has never been lost to photos and music and no words don't seem forced or included in the photo ' buy time '. <br /> <br /> In this regard, the Silberling partnership with its photography director Phedon Papamichael. A person who photographed a good photo on "Sideways" and looked forward to every impression in "Patch Adams", enjoys us here with passages to see natural beauty. But the ultimate beauty of "10 or Low" items can be found in its cast (by Avy Kaufman), in its two characters. They are the ones who use this feeling mentioned earlier and I cannot mention; we feel their connections and we can tell them they are happy and that they can even improve things. The University of Morgan Freeman Award winner, is also a producer of the film, stands there and confirms the condition he has today in the film industry, and one that is worthy of: a quiet, full of wisdom that can make you cry as he can laugh. And the beautiful Paz Vega (well, I said he was in the "Spanglish")? Here he shows that he is a real deal, and Hollywood is not small for him.
