Know when to finish the movie is just as important as throw, lead and act. And it's nice to see when the director / script get right. Entering only 82 minutes, 10 or SASA's story does not describe the story, and try to understand it on a global topic. It stays focused, sad, sad, and well cared for. Morgan Freeman (LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN) stars like "He", an old actor joins in any of the tasks presented to him. We have been told by "He" while going to the supermarket in the outside of town and The Kid (Jon Hill, CLICK). Realizing that he has a star in his car, Kid forces him to talk about his lack of movies in the past few years. He is not too late because, not only has he been removed on time, he is also going to an indie shooting film that he can do ("I have not decided if I will accept part."). The child is a relative of the director involved in this partnership and recently throws him in the middle of nowheresville. He missed, He decides to explore the domestic market. He immediately enters into a beautiful Scarlet (Paz Vega) who does 10 items or register down. Not only very good but wise, He begins to use him as his great research study for his independent role of film. He learns how to count the numbers quickly and why he knows the quirks of each member of this community alone. But He doesn't just use Scarlet, he helps him to see more into it. They travel together to get his car from a deceiving husband, and teaches him how to do to get a new job he is doing, and how to wear it even when he faces Target as part of the inner dress. This is one of the funniest moments when we find the details of Him, too, to show his complete lack of world-retail awareness of retail stores (“These shirts are only $ 12! these, it is suddenly but eliminates. There are no two ways to remain friends even though they create a special bond. They know when to say payments and everything that is planned from others. It's a quiet time but when you scream like a Scarlet pig out of the house of L.A. His. <br /> <br /> This is a great self-reliance and which takes a little time to go. And it won't waste your time either.
