With all the honesty, if someone told me the director of the Lemony Snicket Series of Bad Events, the City of Angels, and Caspers was going to make a good film under the indie budget and it would have been very good, I would tell the person that I should be a skipper. But that's what Brad Siberling did. And it was very good. "10 or less" items feel like films like "Before Sunrise," "Lost in Translation," or recently "Once." It involves a meeting of two people who if the serendipity did not put them there, they could never cross the route, or if they did, they could not say a word directly. Like these films, "10 or Low" items focus on the relationship that builds and how the characters relate to each other and build on each other's strengths and weaknesses. This story involves Morgan Freeman, playing an unnamed actor who is going to investigate his role as a vegetarian store worker for a self-emerging film and because of things that have not existed, he ends up spending that day with a woman in 10 items or less of the player who participated with Paz Vega. He has a rotting marriage and expects to beat a new job as a secretary. Initially, the character of Freeman requires only a lift at home. After spending time with him, however, he wants to know him and maybe even give him some advice. Brad Siberling builds characters almost entirely through a mix between Freeman and Vega. The program is only set up for these two characters to interact with each other for 80 minutes of film. Freeman enjoys with her character, for it looks a stranger in the lower world class that characterizes Vega, Scarlett, stays. Vega, at the same time, grows more than the crackdown of the checkout of the checkout and its living conditions looking forward. There are two things that have been seen in this film. First of all, Siberling may be taken from an independent movie to ensure that the relationship is true and does not get into the hole of Hollywood. It is a close friendship that continues to influence the film. It works, although the situation itself seems impossible. I also am interested in exhibitions. While the presence of Freeman offers the credibility of this film from the moment, it shows a certain amount of charm and happiness does not appear from him. Paz Vega, at the same time, is boasting for success in American films sometimes later. I loved him in Spanglish and he is very good here as hard, non-nonsense Scarlet. By the end of the film, he succeeds to transfer the growth of his character. I hope to see him in more movies. Overall, 10 items below make a good piece of character, well written and led by Brad Siberling. He has not written much and his feature of the feature film has included more Hollywood films. However there is an artist who works here and I'm trying to see if he will take this road again.
