Just seventy-two minutes, this small overlooked in 2006, is just a true piece of the two-dimensional diagram which makes it very well within its limitations. Taking place almost in different places, non-describing in southern Los Angeles, the story itself is improper, but like Sofia Coppola's "Lost in Translation", the film is more than two visitors who meet unexpectedly, get a common guarantee and go back to their lives to be seen by meeting quickly. It also helps that Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega play the characters. Finally free from the wise wisdom and the most authoritative statistics of the shame that have been specialized to its great screens, Freeman seems to release largely as a certain star of fun. His behavior is driven in a taxi shop in Carson, where he is worthy to reflect on the role he takes in the indie film. From a job for a few years, he is embarrassed when he sees his DVD movies in a trading bin, but his ego is that they do not have a lack of checking and even tracking stored staff. The particular fascination for him is Scarlet, an irritated employee from Spain and failing in the line of describing where he is an improper example of efficiency. He has an interview with the job of the secretary in the construction company, but his poor lack of seed appears to have failed his position. It still looks like the sister of the Amazonian sister of Penelope Cruz, the beautiful Vega (one of the few possible features of James L. Brooks' execrable "Spanglish") brings the moving edge and the likelihood of Scarlet. He and Freeman are doing well in the story, which includes not only in the food store but also in Target, Arby and full service service. There is no loss of land, but to show how two people realize the downturn of meeting time. Stability continues to make a simple trial, but production also shows the expertise of the artists of Phedon Papamichael's powerful (shouted at Alexander Payne's "Sideways") and a controversial mark by Brazilian Antonio Pinto ("City of God "). There are quick stories with Bobby Cannavale (as a recent player of Scarlet's wife) and like themselves, Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman, with funny bits by Jonah Hill ("Knocked Up") as a clueless driver and Jim Parsons (" knight "in the" State of the Garden ") as the recipient of the cult. The 2007 DVD is packed with extra, including memory text, "15 or Low Day", targeting film students and running a 103-minute marathon; six scenes extended; a light but bold conversation between Silberling, Freeman and Vega in the middle of Target; and several snippets that specify exactly DVD.
