I am a big fan of Morgan Freeman. 'Shawshank's' redemption is on all my favorite movies. But we must admit that I have often wondered about his job choices. Its many names had a great clichés of the budget without a heart. '10 Items or Low 'for me signifies the return of Freeman for the role that shows its many talents to work. Freeman identifies himself, who was a former Hollywood player who did not work for several years. He has been given a part in an unknown picture which he is doing research in a food store in the poor area of ​​LA. After being destroyed there by his fierce driver, Freeman is offered a home trip with a girl's Checkout Scarlet (Paz Vega), who has a half friend. Before taking him home, however, Scarlet has a great job interview that he needs to achieve, and Freeman agrees to write together for the trip. The movie follows Scarlet and Freeman several places, but the movie is just a piece of behavior about the partnership between the two. Freeman is a sort of Hollywood cut and unknown which has not heard of Target, and does not know its own phone or even the day of that week. He gives wisdom from Dalai Lama filtered for 'the whole world is a model', and frequently calls the Scarlet's questioning 'inspection'. And still has a way with people, the way to affect them that continues beyond its popularity. He is a fan of humanity. He learns them, asks unanswered questions about them, and enjoys their burdens where others would be just interested. In Scarlet, he sees a proud, arrogant fool that he was; he sees someone who wants to be. Unclean, in turn, shows a great pride and brutal language that hides himself from his own self. Vega has a duty to unite with Freeman which drives a line between the love of the boy and the physical attraction, though he plays for beauty and not as angry as it seems. But even if he feels his relationship with Freeman to grow, Scarlet has a great eye to the reality of their diverse world and the cuts of Freeman's Hollywood striker * beaten with strict pragmatism that refuses to accept anything but true. <br /> <br /> Movie is smart, funny, and well written, and conversation that is simple but effective. I read one of the IMDb reviews which said the 'hit' lines, which I think is an incomprehensible translation of human speech. No great soliloquies here, there is no deep spirit of searching time. And so the trick is, I think, show how ordinary people, everyday life can connect a relationship with someone else. And I think Freeman and Vega take it out of beauty, drawing a picture of the collateral between two people who declare themselves as the sun on the sea, worried and uninvited. Long after leaving you live in your memories, you care about what might be. Well, that was a little flower, but I did it as a show and a movie. I would like to recommend.
