<br /> <br /> There is a TARK canon of STAR - lots lots. From cancer we know the history of the future. Developed in technology, events, places, first contacts and new creatures, names, dates, etc. ENTERPRISE very much ignores many of the rules of ST. The worst truth for long-term fans. As one, I thought that manufacturers will look at the first events of TOS and go back from there - but no. <br /> <br /> The pistol phase, like many technologies, look more sophisticated than found in TOS. The ancient guns of the Starfleet laser gun, the golden impact of the slow shipping effect - that's what I expected to see. Also, I did not expect to hear the sound effects of the beep sound like TNG but away from the sound effects of TOS. At the original TOS view (the original experiment: THE CAGE), we see Starfleet with an official military element - a little of the old Navy ground. With UPDATING, we see a disregard for the title. There are more military principles in BARAZERS OF STAR cartoon than in ENTERPRISE. It is good that Captain Archer is not aware of the needs of the Universe (quite different from Kirk who did not have confidence in his human rights use), but within EVERYONE it looks like the same. Not enough, unknown, far more to feel the official military service than shown in any series of ST - and that says a lot! A typical song of the opening song of the song says family trips rather than the adventures of a major military instrument. <br /> <br /> INTERPRISE seems to show us the fun of human warming surveys rather than giving us on a historical, bold, courageous inquiry on a space rick. I would have chosen Adrian Paul to play Captain and an old man to be a doctor. However, I loved the participants in many places. Linda Park, the best football player from Boston College, has certainly developed well. The actors who make workers seem to have been created with thinking. ENTERPRISE begins its run more powerful than a series of STAR TREK last three. Let's have a good future!
