Diego Armando Maradona was sixteen years old in 1978 when Argentina beat the World Cup at home. He was already a great star, and the greatest player in a country hit by football. Everyone had asked Cesar Luis Menotti to play a young boy, but the manager thought he was not yet ready. It says that Argentina won the 1978 World Cup in fact - they did not need Maradona. That was not true in 1982. Spain was a disaster list for Argentina. Menotti - is still a chain of smoking - played Diego at this time, but the event was too great for a kind young man. Maradona signed for Barcelona on June 4, 1982 for nearly 7 million dollars - nine days later he played his first game at Camp Nou and Belgium beat Argentina nil. This is not the first, and even though he has twice scored against Hungary in the next match, Maradona will remember the mundial as his nadir - bad, worst site in the Brazilian Batista on both sides that have completed its rival competition with Argentina as world championships Maradona had closed his way through the early times in Barca, and left 1984 to join Napoli. It was like he was finally home. The Neapolitan Post Office did everything to persuade Maradona to the poor, under Napoli. Gifts from old women and pocket money from young boys are sitting with anxiety and millions of Camorra as part of the transfer fee, and the city decided to make him home. So at that time, Maradona was El Rey - brought her to Argentina to Mexico as one of the favorites, and to the new manager - Carlos Bilardo taking Menotti. <br /> <br /> Maradona is a hero of this story, a winning World Cup. In 1982, hundreds of young people died in unnecessary wars in the Falkland Islands; now the British media struggled to get a rematch (for similar results) in Mexico City. Maradona was still looking for a difference in the UK, he remembered more of the good performance in the UK during the tour of 1980 than Spain. But he was still Argie: the enemy. <br /> <br /> England really started well, and the player can install after only twelve minutes. An important event took place for 8 minutes. Fenwick, the English defender and the youngest, was made - was now afraid to make any challenge near the penalty area. <br /> <br /> After the first 45 minutes, the second half started with bang. Maradona played before 50 minutes, but could not find any way. Similarly, Valdano's attempt only got white shirts. Then during fraudulently used as Diego's epitaph. Hodge tried to drag the ball back into his penalty area, Shilton had made a quick bid - but there was Maradona, somehow lifting up the English goalkeeper to insert the ball into the net. How did he do it? Simple: handball. The most popular dirt in football history went through the slow motion. One observer waited for Mr Al-Sharif of Syria for clapping (he did not). Shilton looked and asked the farmer - he went back to the center circle. Unless he kills the Pope, or the first person to walk on Mars, when an adult dies this time will be shown first - long, slow, slow motion, followed by looking for glee on his face. Next image will be his second gift to the world - the goal of the World Cup fine. Burruchaga hit the ball for Maradona who was trying to move on the right side of his half. He started, and hurried away from Beardsley and Reid. This is the real Diego - he broke through the Butcher and attacked by Fenwick. Fenwick now had the opportunity to stop the attack. Normally, he would have made his boot somewhere near Maradona's foot - surely he would take a red card, but who cares? Then Fenwick had a brain of mind - he hesitated, and he decided to run Maradona blowing his hands - perhaps he was trying to deliver him? Diego entered the box while Fenwick fell. The butcher was running along with the thought that he was giving comfort. Shilton was surprised by the panic, and Maradona surrounded him and prepared a mark. Now the Butcher remembered his role and tried to harm Argentina - instead gave an extra impetus to the shot, which struck into the goal. England were coming home. During the Western summer, the world was looking for Pele's successor. In fact, the greatest player who has ever been beaten - Pele was very good in 1958 and 1970, but was in the hands of many of the players around him. Maradona did not. 1986 was the World Cup.
