This film is a must for all people who enjoy soccer as an art. What is the first thing about this film about the Soccer World Cup is how it was done. In addition to playing as a television broadcast, there are generous pictures that have been given to follow private players in games. This brings forward the feelings and conditions that men go through trying to achieve glory. Today's television broadcasting style, very different from that of 1986, is still low in quality compared to this film. Players are not just stars. Listeners, refugees, journalists who need matches and environments themselves play a major role in the development of what today is history. In this film you can see how all these things play together in a very clear way. In this regard, the television broadcasting style today has not reached this level of quality, although it is now closer than ever. There are several players listed: Maradona (Argentina), Elkjaer and Laudrup (Denmark), Francescoli (Uruguay), Platini (France), Lineker (England), Rummenigge (Germany), Butrague # o ( Spain), Socrates (Brazil) and Sanchez (Mexico). is not a collection of good football football in Mexico 1986, although most of them are well covered. In all the film, there is a problem with presenting a number of game issues and the competition itself according to the development of these players and teams, even at the cost of jumping important sports games themselves. This is what makes this film interesting and unique. Because of what happened because of voters during Mexico 1986, many views on this film and the cup of the world are the most beautiful. Many of these views do not recognize that there is a judge and two men, that they are like human beings, and that all that is said makes mistakes in one way or another. Soccer rules do not allow voters to use relays on TV to make decisions, so many players should decide on what they see. Therefore, judges play an important part in the development of the game. Their influence can be seen in several parts of this film. The next World Cup of 1990, compared to this, is a source of intense desire. Many of them come from the fact that you have ever participated in the game, while this film sells things from a far more distant, improper perspective.
