People don't seem to be giving Lensman enough credit. Few issues have been ignored which is important to understand Lensman's experience. The year: The year took place (1984) Lensman has some of the most amazing effects I have seen. If the Lensman's 80-year-old-looking animator is unique in the use of what appears to be a photo produced by a computer while it was very common. The fight against the geometry of geometric passes in the laser line can be considered a good example of this. Every time I look at that I must go back to myself that it was 1984 when it was done. Soundtrack: Lensman has one of the many sounds that I have heard, and this hysterical rage beat up every corner of the film. Lensman was very borrowed for two western mistakes and was able to cope with the first - the need to fill every second of silence in the film and music with the need for heroine. Although music is well connected and connects events such as motorcycle battles at the Thionite Factory on Radelyx, the heroine theme fails because of Chris's angry value. It is interesting to note that regular music prompted my experiments for the removal of noise when I was keeping a record of the lensman from an analogue tape to the digital structure - since there was no one seconds of silence available to use as a memory center. <br /> <Western Influences: Helmut - looks like "hats" and has a sound similar to Darth Vader. Clarissa Fairborn - has the same hairstyle as the king of SW and its name seems to be the same as Marissa Fairborn's Transformers. It replaces Han Solos to fly the ship and have some technical skills. Buzzkirk - to improve the point on Chewbaka. Lens - a real copy of the power that comes down as an opportunity to preach Christianity to the audience than in the original SW. When the power depends on more faith than the concentration, the lens is a tool of pure collection. Theoretically, anyone can use the lens. The lens is much smaller than Power - to be a defensive weapon / offensive. <br /> <br /> Technology: Boskone Cooperation has an impressive ship of beef sauce. They look like just a storm and a red uniform instead of white. The concept of DNA weapons was good only if it was made. The Galactic Union was seen as a Starblazers (or anything called - that 60 series where they fought with Xylons). There was not enough ship to fight me - this is well-made in the second Lensman film. Last notes on Worzel. This characteristic is unique and interesting character-design which good luck continues on the second film. <br /> <br />
