Barbra Streisand's first special television is still the most important moment in the history of entertainment - in any media. Carefully divided into three different actions (to reduce the inconvenience of commercial breaks), Streisand made a bold-yet-wise decision to stop the normal display of time (that's why there are no visitors or flags forced) and carry the whole show on his shoulders only. Moving to the risk paid in large quantities, if my name is BARBRA set a new standard of music programs on television. Translated into white-and-white-white (which adds to the effectiveness of the show), My name is BARBRA is soft-conceived and shot. However, what makes it show is actually Streisand himself. Looking at the 23-year-old actor walks through a 55-minute bunch is not less exciting. He is in a strange voice (and even makes all the first and third acts of life), and gives the first evidence of the great power of the star that would soon follow on the big screen. The most important value is the courage to allow Streisand to stand only on stage and sing other great songs. After the full opening of the "More" (with a short snippet opening from Leonard Bernstein's "My name is Barbara"), Barbra continues to walk through a multi-level label set of despair "Disney classic" "Recently. "In the middle of the lines" I am Short, "Streisand stops various levels of setting to sing a large number such as" Making Faith "and the sound" Wine Sounds How? "Half of the way through Law I, Barbra goes back to her childhood for the "Child Again" problems, then gives a powerful demonstration of "Five Five" and "Sweet Zoo" during a protest between setting up. Fraud is finally broken, however, if Streisand finds himself out of fantasy and returns to the real world Then he sings on this childhood guilt lost in the lovely "Where is Awesome?" Streisand then emerges on the stage of a platform surrounded by a full music room and makes an example of "People" before screaming at the studio audience. The second rule of the start with Streisand moving to the audience of the studio and the model "I've Got Blues," before giving a monologue of comedy about "Pearl from Istanbul." Streisand then goes to one department department of Bergdorf Goodman, which allows him to sing poverty songs while circulating in other shop fashions. This section is the most bright display of special for many fans and critics. Some of the II law of medley included Streisand singing the prohibited version of "second hand of Rose" to the audience, looking like a Latin girl to "No One Knows When You Are Down With Out," and describing the frustration of the paper player while saying to him, "Brother, can you prevent Dime?" The third rule of the special is a direct concert, without fragments or concepts. Streisand is an actor who enjoys the most at the festival, and this is the most exciting time of the special. Streisand comes to translate the closest circle of "When Sun comes out," and continues to impress the viewer with the beautiful version of BALLA YEAR "Why I have chosen you," the bright performance of "Dear Returns," and the favorite medley of three songs creates FUNNY GIRL. Streisand is out of the outside, however, with an amazing translation of Fanny Brice / Billie Holiday standard "My Person," which once became on the best-loved songs of loved ones. <br /> <br /> Streisand is making an eternal ballad version of "happy days are here again" as the closure of the left side of the screen. The end of the symbol for the number confirms again to the viewer that he has seen something special. My name is BARBRA was a great victory for the first time, and finally took the Emmy five awards as well as producing two top five gold. Look again, not quite a surprise.
