Traders who have dedicated themselves to his work from the FUNNY GIRL film continue to see this show to see what a good executive Streisand WAS - before reaching his goal of Star Star. There has never been a female singer like she ever had, and there will be no more (sorry, Celine - just in your dreams!), But never again did not want to sing and vibrancy, energy, and above all, ENTHUSIASM and VULNERABILITY which she does here - for when he gets on the center of Central Park only 2 or 3 years later, he was having FUNNY GIRL movies in Hollywood and his style of making has been less common and more stored, more than displayed (and, let's say: more anger) - there is a wall between it and the audience. Living for life was not what he enjoyed so much - he did it because he knew it was his ticket for Hollywood, and once he did no longer make it done so little as possible (and oh, that fear of the story of fear provides such a good apology!) br>> <br /> His voice here and on his beginning Judy Garland Show the appearance is amazing: Streisand can actually make an old song new sound again, and writers like Richard Rodgers and Harold Arlen love him for it. But in the 1970s, Streisand was trying to become a "rock" singer, his albums circulating to a small audience, and the sound of the most unpleasant songs of his efforts or his voice. The '80s returned with this brilliant' Broadway album, 'but he went on with the required fight, how "they" told him not to do, etc. Oh please - who told Streisand what to do ? He would be doing such good things all the time, bringing the viewers UP to his own level instead of joining what he thought young people wanted. (The "Return to Broadway" view was not good, as Streisand seems to be important to improve the work of other authors: if he was alive at the time, Richard Rodgers could even identify himself "Some Enchanted Evening" Rodgers, well known for taking the professionals to work to play around his songs, of course he had been after Streisand to sing what he wrote! It also plays Michael Crawford on the CD in their "Music of the Night" album - it seems to remind him who this CD is. which are gifts and singles alone, and songs that are not available and sing as duets by another person who continues to decline?) <Judy Garland took off and advised her, “Don't let them do what they did,” Streisand advised never lost any time in listening - despite its vice versa, it certainly looks like it has always been its way or the highway. Imagine - SHE told the CBS brass how its first TV privacy will be done - no visitors, just. But no one can compete with the clear results here. Use yourself for this brilliant musical innovation before you become a story - you will be completely amazed and different! PS - I watched it last night (12/01) after seeing it for many years - it was better than I remembered! The first law begins with "I am at the end" and includes "Making Faith" and "How to Drink a Wine," and a Barbra worship for childhood, "I am Five" - ​​increasingly becoming Streisand looks and complete (and I mean Full ) orchestra singing "People" - he was not tired with the song yet and though it is relatively short instruction recipes actually - compare with some future "auto-pilot" versions. The second act (after the "Kooky" patriarch of Streisand, which has not changed over the years) is the most popular series of Depression songs placed between Bergdorf-Goodman. is a stunner - call it "Streisand, Orchestra, and Listeners" (though we will never see viewers who claim to witness this historical event). For the fear of the audience and does not like to do this, this may be a complicated part for him, but if so, for his credit does not show. He cries through "Dear Me Returns to Me" and the fabric "When the Sun Goes" (although I can't remember in what order!), "Why have I chosen you? (One of my favorite at all times Streisand Exhibitions) and offers FUNNY GIRL songs, including and (of course) "Do not shoot on My Parade" with my favorite song from the logo, "Music Makes Me Dance". Defining that "Fanny Brice sang a song like that in 1922, making him a Broadway fabric", Streisand then singing "Man My ", and it's almost a template of a dressing dress for its screening future screen in FUNNY GIRL film (the main difference that the black coat here is a sleeveless - his film's coat had long sleeves and against all the black backgrounds we saw were hands its and the face), but the voice here is more quick and charged than its later film sound. (Its song performance has everything to do with Streisand and nothing to do with Fanny Brice who, without shak a, did not sing a song in all Nner as Streisand does here or in the film - see ZIEGFIELD GREEN by photographing the bottom edition of Brice.) The show ends with Streisand singing "Happy Days Here" on credit. <br /> <br /> When it was about me I told a friend I was investigating and, "RIGHT, NO, did anything more!" And it was two and three years old!
