Barbra Streisand in 1964 was still curious, and probably raised more than a few of the parties when CBS signed up to 10 years, 5 million television programs (no nowadays). But more important than that, Barbra and his manager insisted on creative control - and getting it. He had this special made his way, and for the most part his vision was to turn clever, sandy, and mysterious. The Opening Act and the title of the head (not specifically written for it), the Streisand community through classy tracks associated with "I am at the end" (from "Alice in Wonderland"! - even keeps on line on non-hearing ears) fuzzy and whiskers with "a lot of shaving"!); this is the best choice, if not extraordinary, choose - and enjoy because it didn't make TWO audio albums. He slows down for "Making Faith" (which gets very slow), but "How does the wine process cause?" it's amazing. "Little again" is good (with Streisand looking tiny in a big chair - it's where Lily Tomlin got the idea?), If it's "Zoo's Sweet" ("I'm a crocodile of alligator? - no, alligator!"). "The wonder of where" is so cold and elegant, and its "People" number, surrounded by an orchestra begging him close to the song, is amazing. Act II installed in Bergdof Goodman, New York City, and Streisand doing kooky in up-ups fashion-up (when she played playstomps on mink, viewers watch tape actually decreases). The III Act, before the audience of the studio (members of the club of lucky fan), begins with the powerful version of "When the Sun Goes out" (Streisand actually seems to breathe very closely), followed by "Why Did I Choose You?" (perhaps his early song), "Dear, return to me" very quickly (where he is finally tied to orchestra), and "Funny Girl". In the end, "Happy Days are Here", which are reported to take 12 take, fast at an incredible way. Assisted by Chemstrand (a fiber company!), This black-and-white gem goes faster, with jazzy set-ups, awesome movies, rejection sets and clothing. In fact they don't 'em like this again - and that refers to the special and La Streisand.
