I couldn't help but I don't feel that this could be a big movie than it was. Screenplay is very intelligent and it looks just that it would be opened in more ways to remember seven. Not to change the story - I think mainly through movies. The movie is the only thing that I have seen to keep the film. On the other hand, pacing was entirely on the point. Anyone who works on the editor did their work well. And I thought Bill Paxton did a great job of leading. Now away from technical things ... <br /> <br /> This movie has sent me to the loop. SPOILER HEAD !!!! All around, I felt that Bill Paxton was mad and then Adam took the FBI agent to the Rose garden to show him where the bodies were locked and revealed, who was hit by a loop. I had criticized the first part of the loss but what caused me was when he touched the agent and saw the agent killing his mother and the fact that the agent also (without any words being spoken, by touching) sees again with Adam and asks how he knew. My emergency is not that it was still losing another cast but the idea is impossible that this man and his father were not mad but actually took 'bad' to say, to know their sins and crime already. I do not accept the eye for the eye so I did not leave the film able to believe that they were doing the work of God. Instead I chose to believe that both of them were clear and that the father had gone away last day from them and through things that he presented his sons to, disturbing them as well. That was my interpretation but the horrible thing about the film was like a house of cards with an endless circle and what is the correct interpretation of the horrible events that sat. It is obvious that one of those movies where I would like to be able to meet the author so I could just ask him what it really means to all. Were mad and psychotic? Were they just telepathic and took a license because of it? Or did they have some kind of appearance from God? And if it was true, he was God or the devil hiding himself as God. My friends and I found ourselves talking about it all night trying to figure out what was and what the filmmakers thought it was when they made this film. The most interesting film of thought and imagination distracted but it is not really sensationalistic elements. It's not a perfect film, but it's definitely a private thing. The main task of leadership and the performance of Bill Paxton and the Fenton child was very good. I hope she can't end up because of human sickness if she seems to have many promises. I have given this film a good choice for many films, but I would like to vote if it is not for the idea that something (though I don't know what) was out and if it hadn't been, the film would go to a higher level. Still, suggest for sure, especially for those who are investigating.
