Movie "Frailty" is actually more than a psychological thriller than a terrible film. It has all the awesome movie events but this is not. "Frailty" is a film about religious views and identifies the difference between right and wrong. In "Frailty", a middle-aged father (Bill Paxton) and his two sons claim to be doing the work of God. It turns out that they are three of the well-known killers called "The Hands of God". We look at the father to kill "demons" in other ways of cruelty to persuade his children and themselves to do the work of God and that they are doing what is right. He says he received a message from the angel who gave him specific orders to remove demons living on earth. God has given him a list of names and for the return of his "services"; he and his sons will be protected, which basically means that the police will not be able to send them. We see all this revealed before us in a very frightening way. But what worries all about it is the effect that has on two sons, especially the first son, Adam. Adam himself emphasizes the existence of a great man, that is, until his father and week in money change all of that. He knows that his father seems to have lost his mind and it is certain that the same happens to his younger brother, Fenton. Fenton, the other half of this puzzle, takes everything like his own religion. He seems to be bound into the world of the father of God and the demon. I think this is because she is very young and very attractive. But everything that happens to these three is rather to lobby, in fact, TOO lobby. The events occurring in the film can be seen as an open hall that emerges with three main characters. I say this because everyone responds to the situation in a different way and at one time in the film they claim to see God. The father first sees the murder as his message. His "message" finally runs away and quickly turns into a tension and removes demons. In fact, his reminder is one of the core. His "commands" and the list of names he receives are part of this venue. Look at the place where Father is in doubt in the barn to find out where I am coming. Fenton, the younger son, is easily attracted to all these demonic and destructive conversations. Since he is very young, it is easy for him to fall into his father's trap. Adam, on the other hand is very worried about his father's actions. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS *** <br /> <br /> By the way, the reminder ends when Dad dies at the end of the movie. (I can't say how or under what conditions). But I will say it is not good. After his death, it continues fast until today. (The story is told in the form of a fire, as shown through the eyes of the first son Adam). In fact, it is Fenton speaking the story, not Adam as previously believed. This story is told how he saw it, through his actions and the actions of his brother. Fenton has become insane and continues what his father started with the FBI agent in his trap. Since religion is the main theme in this film, the film also shows how easy it is to religion. not fully understand those who do not have a full understanding. Before the Father discovered his new message, he did not have a clear understanding of religion and did not fully believe that he was a great man. His men Fenton and Adam often sang the church songs of innocent children but they still had no clear understanding of what it meant to lyrics. After the revelation of the renewal of the Father, both left in different directions - Adam remained doubtful that there was a great man when Fenton was gradually executed in his father's madness. The most beautiful thriller that comes out of you, do not look alone.
