Richard Attenborough's most popular films as director has been described by historical figures - "Young Winston", "Gandhi", "Chaplin". "Gray Owl" is also an example made by a historian, but in this case Attenborough's lesson is the worst character. Gray Owl was a Canadian writer of the 1920s and 1930s who emphasized environmental ideas and natural conservation when these factors were not fashionable than they are today. He was believed to be an American Indian; The story he told about him was that he was born in Mexico to the father of Scotland and Apache mother and had moved to Canada where he had been adopted as a member of the Ojibway tribe. He lived in the cabin and lake in the remote part of the Canadian Desert, where he got life as a striker. He visited the UK twice, in 1935 and 1937, to promote his books and to give teaching on conservation, and to achieve great success, even brought to the Royal Family. (During these visits Attenborough, then the young man, saw Gray Owl at the London Palladium Hall). After his death in 1938, however, it was revealed that he did not claim to be; His real name is Archibald Belaney, and he was born in Hastings of the English Sea. The film is leaving somewhat due to the fact of Gray Owl's life. In the area set in 1934, he says he is 41 years old; in fact, he was born in 1888 so it would be 46 in that year. (46 would be Pierce Brosnan when the film was released, so I don't know why these changes were made). Many events have been emphasized in the last four years of Gray Owl's life (1934-1938). In the film it is this time she meets Gertrude Bernard who called her aunt; in fact, he met and married Gertrude early in 1925. The film also leaves the fact that they were divorced in 1936 and that Gray Owl remarried shortly before his death. The manifestation of the true identity of Gray Owl was greatly affected by its reputation for sending, and was dismissed as "fraud". His hypocrisy was even used to undermine the reasons he had attacked. Richard Attenborough, however, takes the opinion of his success. One of the themes made by the film is the issue of ethnic identity. Although Archibald Belaney was not India's native native to Canada, there is no doubt that he had a deep understanding of the culture and welfare of Ojibway and that he spoke their language easily. He was accepted by Ojibway as a member of their tribe. So it seems to be legitimate to describe his claim to the Native American identity as fraudulent, simply because it is the identity he chose instead of one born. <br /> <br /> According to the film, Gray Owl Gertrude's wife was of Indian origin, but came from a family that had been made in a white Canadian culture. Therefore, his marriage can be seen as his restoration of the natural heritage of his family culture. She had a great influence on her husband, but she also had influence on him, persuading her to leave her work as a plowman if she had a moral sense of killing animals for their fur. <br /> <br /> One critic of the film is that Pierce Brosnan is a "miscast" as a hero, the opposition that seems to be standing in the original that Brosnan can only play action heroes in James Bond. It seems to me, however, that Brosnan can take this voluntary role to avoid being common, taciturn backwoodsman Gray Owl to be around and far from suave, modern agent Bond as one can find. The original Bond, Sean Connery, also seems to have deliberately chose different roles when he appeared in the film as "Hill" or "The Molly Maguires". Brosnan is really very good in this role, although I would like to agree with those who found Annie Galipeau as weak as Gertrude. Another guiding guide - which I will not agree is that the film is "boring". Indeed, it is not a film of action like Bonds, not a great epic biopic as "Gandhi", and can actually seem boring to those who were expecting to be one or the other. However, it is possible to please anyone who has interest in the early days of conservation movement or the importance of national and ethnic identity. Canadian forestry exhibitions are also photographed. Richard Attenborough has done us a service to help revive interest in this half-forgotten but interesting figure. 7/10
