The early pregnancy as a solo car for Dudley Moore, 'Not just ... But also' he saw his former 'Fryond' Fringe 'member, who was a BBC-2 player who insisted that he be on top of it every week since then . They were a tribal comedy team - Cook was long, beautiful and bold, while Dudley was short, bright, proud and musical. A drawing that brought the house was in bars, wearing flat covers and mufflers, making fantasizing about films like Jane Russell and Greta Garbo. It remains one of the full-time wheelchairs, and even when Cook is still living together. The characters - idiot Pete and even the biggest big idiot Dud - found their way in every section of a good display, seen in different settings, such as zoo or art art. In the end, they made a sandwich while discussing art works. "That cartoon of Leonardo DaVinci ... I don't see joke!", Says Dud. Pete says that when it was first revealed maybe people were right. Dud almost incited him to his sauce. "You really enjoy those sandwiches!", Liberia's advertising. Those two shouted in a way that was fun to see. The artwork itself sets new levels of comedy, standards that are not compared to 'Monty Python'. <br /> <br /> As the popularity of the show has increased, also the quality of visitors of visitors. Peter Sellers, for example, by John Lennon, the member presenting the article published from his poem 'Deaf Ted, Danoota, & Me'. 'One Few Foot' - had Dud as 'George Spigott' (later name will be used in the 'Bedazzled' film), a man with sores, who comes into the film producer's office for inspection of 'Tarzan's role'. '. Cook tries to let him down as he can. "I have nothing against your right foot!", He says. "The distress is - neither you!". Dud will be asking for an interview with Sir Arthur Streeb-Greebling (Cook), who when he was not teaching the jumping jumps, he was planning to open a restaurant called The Frog & Peach. Another session was 'Nuns' (also used in 'Bedazzled'). But my favorite at all should be 'Superthunderstingcar', wrong (and accurate) parody of Gerry and Sylvia Anderson 'Thunderbirds'. Pete and Dud played all the roles, and finally made 'Lady Penelope'. 'Ludwig' had Ludwig Van Beethoven as a star 'This is Tom Jones' show different kinds. 'The Bargo of Life' was a spoof document on the life of the movie star's "Bar Bar". At an unforgettable time, he drove through London, screaming loudly: "I want to be alone!" The Season 3 Season was the 'Poetry Cornered' and the love of Ronnie Barker, Spike Milligan, Barry Humphries, Willie Rushton and others suspended on the gunge tank. Everyone had to clear the line of poem, and anyone who could not make it look good. Three times were made for all, produced (at different times) by Joe McGrath, Dick Clement and Jimmy Gilbert. Unfortunately few offers live. To do worse, the Scriptures were also destroyed. It asks for the belief that this situation is allowed to happen. The show ended in 1970. The comics then hit Broadway, made the sweet 'Derek & Clive' tapes, but the addiction of the Increased Increase broke them. Eight years later, Cook declared that the new series was in the summer, but it became that you wanted to think on his side. Her former partner was filming in the United States, and was not willing to work with Cook again (not at any time). A sufficient picture was hit together for the BBC-2 season in the early 90s. As expected, other items were not standing with others. Cook died in 1995, and through tax B.B.C set the program organized from various 'Parkinson' interview with 'Not only ... But Also' shows. It fits perfectly with Pete and Dud to find themselves in heaven. "Hell of Blood!", He said last. Moore continued in 2002.
