Business, the latest budget on a very successful franchise budget in the history of the film and television is opening for a tune of 90 minutes called 'Broken Bow'. First we have entered a great series of action with Klingon being set aside by some of the Suliban (which is the main enemy in the first season of the show). From the television show we take it on a journey that is not always available as well, and some of the best practices of behavior, stories and actions are seen for a very short time. <br /> <br / Opening talent is a lesson that can be used among a few of the Enterprise fans, some of whom believe that the song was not in place. Those who fail to recognize are the lyrics themselves. If someone listens to the real song, instead of the theme, then they will begin to divide the parts of the puzzle together. And finally as the series goes further and more, and we learn more about our hero captain and his crew, it will really be a song to be meaningful. Diane Warren's theme is generally well organized and plays with opera Russell Watson. What makes any television show look and worth looking at is always the characters and how they built and layered. Business is (in my opinion) one of the well-planned exhibitions since The Generation Next. Choose Scott Bakula, as Captain Jonathan Archer was the best decision since Gene himself hit Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Picard. As the captain always leads the show, Bakula adds a trick to his role and brings a great smile to the faces of anyone with blood to pumping into their veins. He is only (wise and wise actors) a good man with his charm, wit, and mercy is very great to see. For other delegated members, my favorite is John Billingsley who plays Dr Phlox. It is also good to see a man who does not play a role, and the decision to give the captain a dog, called 'Porthos' was an idea that has been well received. In the development of the exhibition attitude was brilliant, it was fast, closed well and almost completely. I say almost because Travis Mayweather's bad behavior played by Briton Anthony Montgomery is a little weak at the end of the first season. He has other things to say here and there, but he sits in the hands of manufacturers to make him more important. Jolene Blalock is as wonderful as sometimes a bright walk of T'Pol. Dominic Keating as Lieutenant Malcolm Reed plays a major role and is persuading as an armed officer. Connor Trinneer has Charles Charles "Safari" Tucker who always adds charm and comedic style to his character and eventually Linda Park as ensign Hoshi Sato, who often plays a weak character but soon becomes attractive. All actors do Business, and all bring quality that Star Trek has not seen for a long time. Everyone makes this show worthy to watch. The secrets and feelings of feeling are guaranteed since the first time we see them together at the Starhip Enterprise NX-01. <br /> <br /> Shipping itself, NX-01 is the amount of doubt in design. The series has been 150 years since now and 100 years before Captain Kirk. So why then the ship seems to be the same in design between the 24th century ships, namely class Akira Akira? Sustainability has been a matter of business, but thanks to Rick [Berman] and Brannon [Braga] provides a good explanation for each of them. Sustainability is only a problem if you are an eternity and you are taking a more brief overview. If you see a show and with an open mind, then you will not have problems, but there is a desire to know 'why' at all. So, Berman and Braga gave what to the basis of a fan of Star Trek and the issue of shipping itself? According to them NX-01 is how because of the event in First Contact. When Zefram Cochrane saw the Enterprise-E through his telescope and by talking to a remote team led by Commander Riker, it changed his mind in his head. That's a good enough explanation of me.lets. Of course it is not easy for other fans to accept such a response, some go to the point of refusing to see until they can get a reasonable answer. Come boys to grow. When George Lucas destroyed the saga of Star Wars and launched his benefits to make a new trilogy, the fans could not do anything, just look and recover all over. And they learned that, maybe not bad after all. If you can't accept the quality of what it is, it doesn't have to be in your mind, then go somewhere else. Or try to be a producer on the show and then see what you can do. It is a business that reminds me of the Helper from Deep Space Nine. They often seem cool and seem to reflect the beauty of the modern structure and they cry out that they are military. It is probably why the USS Business Workers (located in the middle of the US ships) are just as much. They are awesome sets, and they show a perfect display. Rick Berman 'winner of power' as John Logan put it correctly with his colleague Brannon Braga has closed the nail on the head exactly where they should be, and in all right places. Whether it is technology, photography, sound, editing or logo. Business is a good demonstration of how good science of the television can finally be, during the hands of the elite. Gene Roddenberry would be proud of this series and as a fan of Star Trek, so you should.
