The tourist season has completed the island off the coast of Scotland, winter begins to sit with the locals, human beings and the same sheep solving many times. Michael Gaffikin (James Warwick) of the former paratrooper in the British Army, is a local dentist, he is not hosting the island and so his relationship with the local artist and the Fiona Patterson (Celia Imrie) is always considered a little doubt, not for evil, but only outside the immune protection of the community has found their families. The harvesting of the islands is broken when Gaffikin is outside the wheel of a golf course finds the remains of a woman who was brutally murdered. He frequently says that Pastor Inskip (Maurice Roëves) was in the center of the island's police station, Inskip is engaged in despair for the provision of residues to the local GP, Dr Goudry, for close inspection. A quick search for a murderer shows that you have no fruit, such as finding a woman in the region. During the evening that night with Michael Gaffikin, Fiona knows that the dead woman can be Sheila Anderson, a woman from the continent, who lives on the island through the winter months. A quick search for his home Dove cottage shows his rest of the body, his house shows that it is the death of the death, but why the murderer drove his body into the forest? Sentencing once falls to a foreigner left on the island, Colonel Howard (Jonathan Newth) who also appeared to be the last person to see him living on the last ferry together. Ask Gaffikin for certain dental skills in the body of the victims, suggests that he had broken my man or something with great potential, a single dentist mark on the body looks to focus on the killer, other points and an unknown animal of some sort. The sheep are found to be destroyed and then the Canadian pastor is found to be killed. With a heavy fog, the island is taken from the continent with any potential support, the radio also does not work, it seems to be blocked by telephone lines cut off. The UFO reports and the visibility of a soldier on both sides are included with an abnormal invisible trick hidden behind the rocks on the beach. Inskip is confused and refuses to hear anything but the truth and laughs at the idea of ​​Gaffikin which visitors can share, but the increase in radiation levels on the island, bothers himself. The dreamer is according to the novel, the child of Vodyanoi and David Wiltshire, here is adapted by the author of Dr. Who and Blake of 7, Robert Holmes and headed by Douglas Camfield who also had a leading experience in all the classic Sci / Fi and film profits for having experience as a board of experts. The person of the dream though it is generally, a piece of superior efficiency, which builds its plot together with the development of a strong character, even under the small characters, when offered to give them all background background. An island island is perhaps a kind of session that has been used frequently, but one that I enjoy most, far, means being under siege and there is no way out of the sky and here is given an extra oomph for having an impenetrable mist around to destroy the quest all. In many attempts of this kind it is very convenient for the case to get silly and for the rest of the resort to melodrama, but the credit to Camfield, holds it all together with the emphasis on believing at all times. There is a confirmation of the charges, even to talk about Gaelic sometimes to continue this step. If there is one negative on the murderer, we are given his POV murder, only a recipe that is acceptable, but when you are seen through a red filter and the eye eye of the fish, it just appears to scream and Date this little film. However you will find it difficult to wait for the result or the identity or because of that type of killer, due to the symptoms being presented, but it is a fun and very good piece. The local Scottish callers are unique, local lobsters Roeves and Cosmo as well as are happy to enjoy. Imrie, I have never been taken for another job, is also good and shows the woman's body as well as was in the production of hammers. Exotic animals, perhaps even at the end of the attack, may see a certain audience, despising me somehow, but taking into account when it was done, its simple and acceptable supplement that if you think about it, it's even more frightening.
