Twenty years of shadow (played by John Travolta) leaves the field and goes to Houston, where he learns about life and love in this Texas. For the value of the face, it is a modern story of love ... the style of Texas. There are cowboy hats, hitting trucks, neon beer symbols, and great buckles and belts. Music, if it is not the origin of Texas, is Texas adapted, in honor of the talent of Mickey Gilley, Johnny Lee, and Charlie Daniels Band. And that Texas twang ... "y'all". Myths and characters are on the trick as the taste of Texas five-pepper made with pepper Jalapeno. It's enough to make a civilized audience lost the film for the classic genteel, one for star Laurence Olivier or Ingrid Bergman, perhaps. "Hamlet" is not. But the "Cowboy Urban" is spicy and open, and I kinda like. In fact, the film is generally good. Discussions, design, production and clothing are all true; editing is skill. And making and acting are all recommended, if Oscar is not eligible. I would like to throw Travolta into the role he plays, but he does a good job ... ditto Debra Winger. Barry Corbin and Brooke Alderson, among others, are also good, in support tasks. But, the movies seemed weak. The text of the film I watched was a crop, and sometimes it came from a red / orange tint, the visual character I saw in other films from the same time. <br /> <br /> At first glance, the film does not seem to offer any social or political messages. But I would say that when the "Urban Cowboy" was released twenty-five years ago, it had a consequence of prophecy instead. In 1980 U.S. it had all kinds of problems, not that the American robbers were made by Iran. In the minds of many people back then, the United States was facing around, was abused. This video, together with some of its time, provided something that Americans wanted to see in their political leaders. .. hardness. "Urban Cowboy" is a very physical film. The characters in it may not be the most violent people in the world. But, they are tough! <br /> <br /> Everything about "Urban Cowboy" is anti-mind. As a cultural expression vehicle, this 1980 film was one of the few that found a new era for U.S. It started in 1980 with the choice of Reagan. And then it goes on to this day, with the President who cannot be remembered with his mind, but will be remembered for his hardness and aggression, the qualities that Americans seem to consider as much as Texans to the fifth bell.
