First let me not come from the south but I am America. I don't like Country music but I can strengthen it. I can never wear a cowboy hat but I wear a hat. I don't live in a trailer but I eat a salad with we have a house. What? That relates to this view? Many if you are one of those people who say only the "people of the country" like this movie. This film is freely according to "They liked and lost" Cluster. James Bridges tells the story of American love as true as it does. In the period of Jerry Springer and "Lets put out" thought, this film rings truer than ever. Bud is "coming to age" and begins his own life with little help from aunt and uncle so he goes to the big city with them. Bud finds itself in the world of tonky locals for just avoiding the blue collar man can afford. He meets quickly with Sissy who is from the same background and the two have a hurricane romance filled with ups and painful pain. * (this conspiracy takes many turns that a person should stay for a few minutes before it is found. Marriage is a view here which has often been lost. A modern woman when she is married to an old man. This also makes a male and female perspective and competition.) <br /> Bud is a challenge and is excited when Micky puts it on an electric cow. Sissy gets the idea of ​​being happy about it but it is also quickly reminded that she is married and need to start "acting like that." The sensitivity of the two characters is crude and spells and the plot continues from the moment when they are (THIS STORY DOES THE STORYLINE AWAY) divided by Sissy falls by the old emphasis and destruction of violence and violence. Soon she knows that grass is not always on the other side. How anyone can compare Bud and Vinnie Barbirino to me. John Travolta offered a unique performance that was worthy of recognition. He was trusted and true. The place where it wore his beard and you first see him on the bar. Even he gives me goosebumps. Remember I am not a big fan of Travolta, but come, I see why Sissy hit his boots early in the film. Deb's debut was true that you found yourself sympathetic to him when he wrote a sensational statement to Bud, after he went into his house cleaning during the break. Help / support support was amazing. Wes played by Scott Glenn gave the first level of performance that made him a curse and cursed as he misused Sissy. Madolyn Smith-Osborne, as Mr. Buds / girl was true that the girls who had been beaten across the United States asked to wake up on the flat while wearing the clothes they had given in the film. My great sister go to Barry Corbin and Brooke Anderson as aunt of Bud and uncle. They looked like an aunt and uncle somewhere in Texas and even their role, they made the film very big and life. Two memorable events are the Dolly Parton tournament and an unforgettable place where Bud and Aunt are standing out after the death of the characters. The conversation between them is touching. If you can look at this why, it's a real story of American love. Then I recommend that you take for what is ... the film before the time that gave us voyeurism in a different world with our own but real enough for our enjoyment and entertainment. If this world looks similar to yours then you will be very happy. Finally, the music is not yet set, it is sure to send you back when you are over 30 years old.
