The second last session of the Star Trek series is an exciting, sometimes exciting moment that proves that the show still surrounds its characters even in the third season; although it is wrong, 'Our All-Day' has its time and is generally strong, forcing the feeling. Kirk, Spock, and McCoy beam under the planet, assuming they come in a nick of time to save or at least give warning to everyone there, because the sun's planet comes from explosions within hours. But if it turns, the people are all aware of the fate of the planet, and using the type of travel time, run in the past. Everyone has been able to choose a time and place where they would like to live in a 'library,' run by an old man named Mr. Atoz. Atoz thinks three men are looking for old to live too, and it shows them different options that they can choose from viewers. There is a lot of chaos at the beginning of the period, and lines like: <br /> <br /> McCoy- Where to go? Atoz - All they wanted. The misunderstanding can easily be canceled, but for conspiracy purposes, not soon, and Kirk soon finds himself being relocated for a similar period of England's 18th century, while Spock and McCoy are sent to ice age, 5000 in the past of the planet. From here, the main focus is on Spock and its relationship with the woman who was transferred at this time by the attacker as a penalty. Spock begins to act increasingly emotionally, showing anger towards McCoy and deep love for Zarabeth, a woman. He finally knows that he is returning to the emotional state of his father's pride in Vulcan, 5,000 years ago. Kirk returns to the library first, and finally persuades Mr. Atoz not in the history of his planet. Spock and McCoy return before too late, leaving Zarabeth back; The company makes three loads and speed as the sun rises, destroying the planet. The mix between Spock and Zarabeth provides this most memorable time, although the Kirk's adventure in the 'English' period is exciting. All in all, the last star of the last day of the Trip is enough.
