The last season of the third Star Trek season is the best and last season's final session. Basically, Spock, McCoy and Kirk beam under Sarpeidon get the number of planets completely lost except for the presence of a great library and Mr. Atoz, the artist. All the Trek characters are soon going to accidentally walk on a travel machine while at different times of Sarpeidoni. Spock gives an interesting performance like the Vulcan of Ice Age who likes to Zarabeth when Kirk returns to his unhappy experience when traveling - see 'City in the Eternal Horizon' - being charged with witchcraft before running and looking for a back door during Sarpeidon's now. Finally, all the characters of Trek are saved a few minutes before the star Beta Niobe around Sarpeidon goes to supernova. The company is closed as the stars explode. Unfortunately, as William Shatner writes in his book "Star Trek Memories," this show was a source of conflict since Leonard Nimoy saw that there was no reason given in Lisette's lesson because Spock was living like that emotional. Nimoy sent his shock here directly to the producer of the show, Fred Freiberger, that Europeans should not fall in love. (p.272) However, Freiberger explained, the old ice situation allowed Spock to get a sense since this was when the Vulcans still had no change in their current sense of logic. This was a good example of a preference in the part of Freiberger to save the script which was far beyond the average for this special part. While Shatner explains that the decline in the quality of the script for the third season hurts artistic strikes since its character was obliged to disappear like a donkey in the "Partners of" Plato, "playing music with Hippies in the" Way of Eden "or sometimes expressing emotions, the script here was The work of Spock here was as good as Freiberger confessed to Shatner for warranty. (p.272) The only open park of the field is the fact that since both Spock and McCoy have traveled for thousands of years, McCoy also has to return to the state of But this is a mistake of forgiving based on the poor quality of the other 3 season performances, Spock / McCoy's brilliant performance and the nature of this script. Who can think that the current Sarpeidoni residents will escape the fate of the planet was lost by traveling in the past? Surely this is what we have come to expect from the best of 'Classic Trek' - a true-guided story. u ', called some of the best "normal and advanced" shows of the 3th season as the Enterprise Event, The Dove Day, Is There No True Beauty, The Tholian Web, And The Children will be a leader and trouble in paradise. (p.273) When my personal opinion is that 'Children's Leaders' is a very bad place when 'Is There No True Beauty' is a problem, “Our All-Day” is certainly on the top three-star list. TOS films. I give 9 out of 10 to 'All of Us.'
