Usually take time to travel: instead of the old travel world, the main trio stuck in the old history of another planet. They throw down this planet, which the sun is scheduled to go to nova in 3 or 4 hours (that's cutting around!). In some kind of futuristic library, they meet Mr. Atoz (A for Z, get? Ha-ha) and his double. It turns out, instead of running the destruction of their planet through space travel, the usual way, all the inhabitants have been saved in various ancient eras of the world. Mr. Atoz uses the time machine to send people on their way after making a selection (see the record we see here, another in the Trek's CD and DVD!)! While Mr. Atoz is preparing a machine (Atavachron-what-sis), Kirk's powerful hearing of the woman and runs in the 17th-century planet planet, where he gets a war of war and has been captured by a witch. There is a good but beautiful performance here and actor playing play a notorious woman this time, using the time printing ("... you are a good shepherd. Witch! Wizard!!"). Spock & McCoy follow Kirk, but ended up in the ice age, 5000 years earlier. Kirk can return to the library first. The real story here is the change of spock for his father's bad habits, Vulcans of war as 5000 years ago. This doesn't mean, but maybe this time machine is making a change (however, Spock & McCoy wasn't 'organized' by Atoz - oh, well; it also seems to me Spock was affected by the change almost immediately - says that from 'million years of light' 'off, instead of the correct hundreds or thousands - a big mistake for Vulcan logic). In any case, Spock shows his side right here - forgetting "Dove Day" and remembering "This side of Paradise" - McCoy quickly finds that his Vulcan friend cannot stand up for everything of his normal and almost gets his face renewed. Spock also gets with Zarabeth, a beautiful woman who had been transferred to the winter as a punishment (several Trek novels were written on Spock's son, the result of this union). All these are open-eye, reminder of how much Spock hides or lives. It is also surprising that, just a few times earlier ("Methuselah needs"), McCoy was explaining Spock how he could not know the pain of love - and now all this happens. Kirk, at the same time, faces the Atoz elders, who insists that Kirk returns back to the old time ("You are definitely suicide" - great things from Wolfe actor, who appeared last in "Bread and Circuses"). It all works at the end, but, as I said earlier, they strongly reject it. Beautiful little Trek adventure, and slant of cosmic point.
