I am a film player like this. Movies taking you and let you recognize your childhood. I am an adult now and I have many responsibilities like a loan, children, dogs, wife and death for others. I enjoy my life but not innocent and uncomfortable as I was when I was twelve. Summer Binder of Indian Binder knows this and explores this if she was twelve years old. It brings you back to a time when life was easier and more fun. It brings you back when you are afraid of your first kiss and you wonder if you can finish the marathon of the camping are important issues. Indian Summer is a wonderful film and is one that should be looked at at least once a year just so you can sit back and laugh ... and remind you. Kevin Pollak, Bill Paxton, Diane Lane and Matt Craven (in the name of a few) as childhood friends who are transferred to Camp Tamakwa and their Camp Camp counselor, Uncle Lou. Uncle Lou plays well with Alan Arkin. She is a kind of guy who is a sister of a group. He also knows and involves the true spirit of the father and the person who understands the simple things in life. He has a difficult time relating to today's children who need an eyewitness in their ears when they are a place of great beauty like Tamakwa. This is a camp that travels through the camp, leaving the colors that God gave them with water away from the eye that can see. Uncle Lou longed for the past and asks his former visitors back to the camp to see one of them taking the camp. When they are all united again, we can see their trials and suffering and perhaps new love can increase among them. Like adults when they return to camp, not long before they act like children again as usual of camping play again. They take the toilet paper out of the mall, put the toothpaste on the sleeping bags and so on. All of this has been done for hilariously and for actors such as Pollak and Paxton, it's all very interesting things. But more than the hilarity, we get to explore the feelings of the most adult that anyone can deal with. In one of my favorite scenes, Kevin Pollak and Elizabeth Perkins are looking on the bay where they were going to canoing like children. Pollak can not get on how it all looks small and Perkins finally tells him that the bay didn't get smaller, they just got bigger. It has no hammer at home, but it does. We all grow up, we all continue and we can all live as we did 20 years ago. Many things are changing, more and more. > ni ni ni na inay niuri na ni ni ni Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike Mike B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B kama kama kama kama kama kama kama kama kama kama kama kama kama kama kama (such as Sam Raimi, who played Stick in the film) and is a beautiful and clear reference of his experience that makes the film. There are a lot of events that touch and there are also many hilarious too. Both are perfect. <br /> <br /> I love this film. I love everything about it and it's a real secret gem. <br /> <br /> 10/10
