Steven Spielberg produced, wrote, came up with the ideas of and even led to the episodes of fantastic stories, so this usually would have to be the greatest anthology at any right time? Unfortunately wrong. Other items are only good, but often they were a mixed bag. In fact, that can be dropped is also a mixed way. Other things were red, some were dramas, others were afraid, and one was even animated, which made it the same, but not good 80s version of Twilight Zone (which was also close). Usually I would like to have a mix of stories in anthology show, but they didn't work perfectly here. Some of the most amazing instances of fantastic felt like it would be best to be shown at the end of the night on the Life Network, as part of the "Ghost Train", directed by Spielberg himself. During the same period, it gave a message of hope, and gave us a fantasy story, but in general it was only creating up to the end that was not lost anyways. The tragic events were working better than the sporting game, but there were more serious things, and it was getting worse. By making wisdom, this anthology got a great star, similar to the original Twilight Zone. Kevin Costner, Kiefer Sutherland, Milton Berle, Dom Deluise, Harvey Keitel, Beau Bridges, Charlie Sheen, Forrest Whitaker, Tim Robbins, John Lithgow, Rhea Perlman, Danny Devito, Patrick Swayze, Christopher Lloyd Yankovich and many other distinguished ones have been in the show sessions. It's fun to see the actors known almost every part of the series. The main directors have also had a part in intervals including Spielberg himself, Clint Eastwood, Burt Reynolds, Bob Clark, Joe Dante, Mick Garris, Paul Bartel, Joe Dante, Robert Zemeckis, Danny Devito and Martin Scorsese. I would like to suggest this more for fans of directors and / or 80s than anyone else. <br /> <br /> Wonderful stories sometimes were amazing, usually good, often often, and once in a while it's real stinker come out. But, this show has a nostalgic value to me, and it is a kind of fun to stay on daytime additions and watch other periods. The theme of John Williams's show for the show is certainly catching in the head of anyone who looks at this, too. <br /> <br /> My rating: Good. 30 months. TVPG
