In fact, I expected to hate this, and indeed I just investigated because Jenna Jameson is in it ... but I must say that I have run away from evil. A group of college students and their teacher goes to the "field trip" to Ireland. Their homes are near the forest where it describes that strange things happen and tourists often disappear without tracking. The youth group after a young man is being investigated and the guardian of the property should not go into the trees - but they are the perpetrators of the B-B who they are - of course they do not care and pay for their mistakes to the same ... First and foremost, there is too much for SPEAKING. . Acting / discussion is very weak, and my great gripe is that the film that has Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn, and Taylor Hayes should have more FAR than deception than shown here - and jenna the role of this production is greater than hyped, for it has a total of 2 minutes of screenshots. Even less with Chasey, and Ginger Lynn does not show the skin and has the worst impulse of Islam ever. Also the final location of the film makes it quite impressive and feels like it is thrown just to end the film. Gripe them aside - there are other good things too. Richard Greico and Chasey Lain have all been taken earlier, and the nude of the Greco nude spit and Chauts's guts hang out half of the crack (though how to end this way is not shown on the screen) ... it's not bad for the first 5 minutes. Others kill scenes are beautiful inventive, including Jenna forced breast removal, the guy will get his colon pulled out through his ass, knife through the face, and other other positive. Strengthening and colonization areas also have non-standard versions on specific components and are embarrassing producers to make them, by saying. Also the film goes together on a beautiful piece of paper once it goes so you don't have too much time to get tired. FX "creature" is also made effective that helps. In general, its exposure was not as bad as I expected. This, as well as the SATAN Subscriber and ALMOST reviewed my interest in the lowest American budget films. Often I am quite clear in general, but these two have been honored to give me faith. Evil is not a hub, but it is a good way to beat 90 minutes - you might not hurt it on a cheap bourbon bottle when you are there - I know I was, and I'm sure you didn't hurt the experience. 7.5 / 10
