A group of American students and their teacher decide to visit the worst part of Ireland to learn the ancient religious practices. Despite frequent repetition of the risk of losing the beaten path (for an Irish village village), it does just that, and reinforces their links out of respect for the family of local children (poor family members of Sawney Bean) , who, according to the silly film plan, put sticks from Scotland and sat on the Emerald Isle. scary Acting, then think again: Evil evil blows stars and adults, but in fact, it is not quite like a person who can expect was given 'talent', and that work, though far from Oscar, is not all bad (except Ginger Lynn Allen, who we know can make the 'French' strange, but who Irish is lousy. The silicone enhanced hottie is Dragged from the tent and burst by half; The boy has his hands and feet cut and filtered on the saliva. It is a very good start, and it smells good for all the film. Unfortunately, after this beginning of the promise, things begin to go with great weight: we are brought to the main characters, the twentieth-group of somethings just to ask that cannibal chow, and face the right amount of time losing some kind of horrible horrible horror, blarney much on the druids murder from the Irish weirdo Gary (Simon Peacock), and the worst, some of the modern talks about the terrible films (how clever!). > <br /> Then, as shown as the film will not get better, Christian Christian Viel decides to get worse: the boy gets a knife on his head and there is a free sex bathroom that is full of beautiful blonde Gillian Leigh (not a porn star, but I'm sure there is a job there waiting if he wants to. After that, things decline as soon as you climb on the top of the meat, and the film is transformed into a true blood: Gary has a tightening of his ass (about time!), And tied to his bowels; Linger's vegetable ginger is mutant; Jenna Jameson has been opened, well opened and has its breast implantation of the silicone beaten and confused with the cannibal; the boy is reduced by cheese wire; and Taylor Hayes appears to have blood, broken and naked with a dead fetus between his feet (carefully, taken and used as a breeding stock). All this is a very humiliating thing that makes staying in less interesting things, and gets the ultimate evil at the end of 7/10. N / A. The most productive production and the victory of the studio led to the Christian Viel to finally stop the project. The robbers were made and the year was greatly reduced by the US. The good news is that although the film does not flow and possible, and is cursed by the end, the British DVD (the version I looked at) seems to have been largely left even though the splatter is involved (only 13 were cut from the film in general).
