In fact I love Richard Gere ... I always seem to be late that his status as a Hollywood star and a money grower has fallen but it would seem to me that the reason is that he has to take on a very mature job, and has been very successful not to finance for The reason I have seen him in many true gems as late including Hoax, the Hunting Association (all should see the film! See my comment) and now this course which meant to be a great release based on the 35 million budget. It seems that some of the other IMD reviews are too much, because I thought the film was about the most serious social issue in a straightforward, horrible and horrible manner and Gere brings only home. It is an exciting exciting game that impressed me on TV and the story. I think part of the problem that people seem to have is that Hollywood-refers to a very big issue but I don't think it does so with disrespect but instead tries to take a different spin to make people aware that this is there. In fact it is the same way that the Hunting Party is involved in war. Hong Kong Wai-keung Lau Director did a very good job together but I think the cast was what made it appear. Richard Gere as you might think from my previous opinion is as brilliant as a social worker of Erroll Babbage who has developed his own style and rules when keeping his "Gharika" registered by criminals gender. He has no obligation to follow these people, to follow and make sure that they are not sad and if they make him the one who recognizes and hinders any way he can. Gere is very bright and looks sandy from this job and has been violent and angry by looking at these heads on the road. He is just wonderful. Claire Danes is also as fierce as a new partner of Babichi and instead who teaches to do her job. Danes' behavior is a more common social worker and is taken less by the style and technique of Babichi but it is discovering what he is trying to accomplish and going up. Both are brilliant and have a strong chemistry and very different characters. KaDee Strickland has a perpetrator who is caused by a shock that appears to have been broken off from headlines as he triggers Karla Homolka's behavior (Paul Bernardo's wife is now out) for those who follow the serial killers of Canada. Her character goes a little higher but she persuades and frightens all at once. Russell Sams has a small role as a new partner of Strickland and he would probably be given a great responsibility. Ray Wise, who is an actor of bad behavior (looking out at the End of the Dead as well as turning to an amazing as Satan himself in the WB show Reaper) and gets a small but good role as head of the Department of Public Safety and Master of Babbage. Movie is not available despite major cast displays. It takes liberty to try to really do more entertainment than film than education but it is different just different from different Nicholas Cage dud 8MM. The group enters you into the interaction of sex business, kidnapping, human trafficking and more and is just something to look at. Perhaps it was not directed or written as though it would be but I tell you that Danes and Gere together make the film look so great and fun. It hurts but also something that is not very difficult and yet Gere's behavior in many ways is very complex and many rows and also opens social stigma and makes you reflect on the many ways you see people in Gere. I urge you all to ignore the poor review and see it because it is worth looking at! 8.5 / 10
