I wanted this film because I am a new fan of Frain and I wanted to see more of his work. First of all, his Irish statement is good. He has ears interested in publishers, it seems. His work was wonderful, as usual. James Frain aside, I thought the film had done well. It showed the crisis in Northern Ireland as a * aggressive * is true. Both sides are guilty of gross injustice, and men entering the war can not say a little about their surroundings. Also, it is interesting to note that not everyone (or woman) who is claiming to be fighting for his country, is actually doing * just that *. For example, when Kenny (James Frain) asks Ginger (Ian Hart) why he does "it", Ginger can't come with an acceptable answer. Why? Because ginger is not in it for good reason to protect his country or the rights of fellow Protestants ... Ginger is in it for the fun of murder. He is filled with the desire of blood and is the perfect work for man like him. In such a fight there are boys like Liam (John Lynch) who just want to live their daily lives and enjoy their families ... boys see all fighting begin to fight more. There are people like Kenny who are born full of charisma, and they add fuel to the fire, instead they mean or not. Also, Kenny believes the true "reason". He believes what he is doing will make a difference in the future ... which is unusual 'because his behavior seems to be intelligent for all. But, as many people seem to be wise, he is brought into the life of the group without even realizing ... '' It's too late. Then there is a Ginger, pure psychology that is not in the fight for any other reason but with great pleasure, which in the battle of gangland kind makes him valuable, others can say. However, now, in this newspaper, Ginger has out of its value, and has become a big risk of code. Everything is coming to a boiling point, and predictable, the end is a bad thing. What makes this film worthy is that it shows both sides of this war age. Being America, I can't begin to fully understand what all the struggle is about. But, I know it's better to have a better way. <br /> <br /> For all, good to act, touch ... but a terrible film.
