"What is love?" What is this love in our hearts for unity? Isn't it beautiful flowers? Is not this flower of love a fragrance of beautiful diamonds? Does the wind not like dirt? different and likely not possible? Do you have someone else tonight? Do not ask your love.Take your partner by hand.Take your power in yourself.You've heard me, remove power. Tame the wild world for whisper. To conquer heaven and caress one close. Of course not be shy. Remove everything you have and do in the buttock. For Leon Phelps "When Tim Meadows sold his SNL playboy, Leon Phelps, I beat it. My village has been shaken and angry. I used this once-off feature, dear readers. <br /> <br /> So when the "Ladies Man" movie version came on the cable, I wrote a few of my own comments and clicking again. comes a day, gray and a few, when "nothing one" of any 100+ way ... sigh. Yes? I was experiencing the suffering of all the members of the cable? see or turn my TV! There he was, Leon Phelps, screaming and I had been defeated by Hollywood's 'silent-down' humor? Did I have a desire to avoid waiting for my throne? The fact of the matter is I like "Ladies Man" more than me laz ima. The story about the player's player's player when considering every female type of woman is faced with my female feelings. What started as a non-emerging SNL skit brought in front of my eyes in the story about Leon and his playboy philosophy, going through life "helping people" solve their sexual conflicts. "I am a mother Teresa of Boning", she tells Julie (Karyn Parsons) easily, her friend and a long-term singer of her radio show, "Ladies Man". And he is not kidding. Leaving string of broken hearts and angry spirits, Leon can sit in bed with almost all of Chicago's breakfast. That he does so with true love is his ringing card through life. Our own advertisement, "The Way of Love", can get into trouble with men and boys. One wicked wife, Lance (Will Ferrell), makes "Victims of Ass Ass, USA" club, and vows to attract our Don Juan. "Yes, we will get revenge", he believes to his partners, in the number of drums drop. <br /> <br /> Plus is a great pleasure to see Billy Dee Williams as Lester, the owner of the tavern and a good writer of Leon's odyssey to get a "sweet thing" with a bunch of money. (Where is he lost?) But would I choose this film as a Valentine's day choice? Leon's description of a simple life transforms him in so many ways - that I should give our nod to "Ladies Man". That she can find real happiness for one woman, when she is close to the film, while giving her foreign advice, it's crazy!
