Sometimes they get lucky and guilty in their hands (World of Wayne, first, not second). But they often have duds (it's Pat coming to mind rather quickly). This time is Tim Meadows as Ladies Man. This movie goes somewhere between hit and dud. It was very funny for the first 20 minutes, but then, it usually happens with SNL screens, begins to decline, before it ends, long after that. <br /> <br /> Tim Meadows is Leon Phelps, DJ Radio and the show of the night called The Ladies Man. He answers any questions and all about dealing with sex and relationships, usually in the worst possible way. Everything seems eventually comes to the butt. After pushing the manager of the facility, Leon, with his producer Julie (Karyn Parsons), is expelled, and needs to find another job. Out of the random blue, comes a letter from one of his former women. The letter gives him wealth and luxury for the rest of his life, the only problem is that the letter is not signed. So Leon needs to track down all the women who have been with him to find a woman of his dreams. But sometimes, like Billy Dee Williams says in the film, the woman of your dreams standing before you. There is also a plot on a group of boys who are his / her all sleeping with Leon, and want to first know who he is (for the tattoo has part of his anatomy), then kill him. Lead this group of people is, surprise! Will Ferrell from SNL. First, I thought a small plot was instead of cripples. Singing and dancing equipment had no meaning at all. I often like Will Ferrell but here he never never clicked to me. And some of the boys were just clubs that put together, and finally they all decided that having their wives / partners they deceived on them was actually their fault. So come back to the main story. This story stands next to Leon and sex. So what comes to it is, if you don't like Leon's character, you can't love the movie. His voice, his way, his conversation is what carries the movie. I'm not a big fan of Tim Meadows. I never thought he was a very good actor on SNL. The only thing I liked most, was Ladies Man skits. But the best thing about those, is that they are often involved with hosting guests (one note with Cameron Diaz?), And they were short. For 5 minutes, they were very good. And here, for 20 minutes, it's very funny. I thought it was good about the character in the movie, is that it remained in character everywhere. She never stopped from him wanted to get just a set. Until the end of the end where there was this change, and the eternal speech to connect. More than that, it was very good to take care of Leon as Leon, and I did not change him to a lesser one. There are not many substances for this movie, if you can't think. But as I said earlier, the beginning of the film I saw was very funny. Some really laugh at the moment, all around sex and its hardness. The problem of course with this film, and many other SNL spin offs, is that these are characters who should be displayed for a few minutes at a time. Keeping the concept in 80 minutes is very difficult. The difficulty is clear why they needed a small plot, because without it, this movie would be less than an hour. When it was good, it was good, but when it was not good, it should be boring. Overall, Ladies Man was not as bad as other SNL films, but was not as good as others. It had a momentous moment, the first 20 minutes was good, but the rest were turned on. There was an unintentional plot whose aim was to expand the film. Underneath it is, if you like Tim Meadows and its characteristic Leon Phelps, you will be able to watch the film. If he inspires you, do not panic. Unless you just want to see Tiffani Theissen in a beautiful exposure dress. <br /> <br />
