If it is not as long as it can be seen, I actually delayed my view of the "Fathers" several times just because the VHS cover (with a picture of the image shown here on the site) seems to be too gay! Now I would like to look at it because the movie is not very gay? just trashy, cheesy, campy and very happy! It is very difficult that Ruggero Deodato, the director of the "Cannibal Holocaust" of all people, was a man involved in this mixture of the popular Swanga and Sandal fantasy, especially Schwarzenegger's Conan movies. The movie opens for a 'once-time' type of off-screen author, and brings us to Ragneks. Their founder immediately bought a whole mountain of pure gold for just one powerful ruby ​​that would allow them to travel freely and to every country as travelers. In other words, Ragneks is a group of frek circus freaks! Their joy comes suddenly when greedy Kadar takes away the beautiful Queen of Canary and tries to discover where the ruby ​​is. At the same time, and if some kind of lost time, two brothers dream of Gore and Kutchek have been trained to become mascled fighters and not prepared to fight. Instead, however, they run and develop a plan to open their queen. In fact, the plot is not half as bad as I was afraid of, but still more fun is given by the brothers of beefcake on the screening of the screen, the inside of the crazily dialogue and of course the most fantasy stars, like an adorably beautiful dragon, some kind of The animals and zombies that randomly appear appear out of rain. Sound sound and the effect of make-up is good and our constant Deodato director keeps very fast. The capacity of the Brazilian Veteran Coordinator is much better than I expected, except the fact that one of them produces many voices. Casting help is splendid as well. Eva La Rue was not as good as a brave girl Cara, Virginia Bryant has actually been like Richard Lynch says several times and Sheeba Alahani's favorite performs first to appear only in the film as an evil witch with a hairy style (I'm not a child !). Last but not least, the "stars" of stars everyone who loves the eyes of the mountains goes to Michael Berryman as a suitable Dirtmaster. I know the picture shown seems to be a player rather than a promotional campaign for the mobile version about the rise and fall of the Village People, but the "Carpenter" is really supposed to see the use of Italy.
