LE GRAND VOYAGE is a wonderful miracle of the film, the most done work because of its script written by the author / director Ismaël Ferroukhi who allows the natural setting of this story of 'road trip' and modern star statement Nicolas Cazalé and Mohamed Majd bear The emotional impact of the film. The vision of Ferroukhi is capably highly enhanced by Katell Djian movies (a sensitive mix of travelogue vistas of horizons and tightly photo duets between characters) and a music mark with Fowzi Guerdjou who will be able to maintain a beautiful theme in the film while giving respect to many variations The local music from many countries research movies. Reda (Nicolas Cazalé) lives with his Muslim family in Southern France, a young student and Western partner who does not seem to follow the religious leadership of his inheritance. His old father (Mohamed Majd) has decided when he has come to make his Mecca, and because he cannot drive, he asks Reda to refrain from leaving his personal needs to evict him for his religious bond. The two are placed in a fragile car to travel through France, Italy, and through Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia, and Turkey to Saudi Arabia. Along with Reda's trip, he prays with his father to visit the attractive centers, but his father still intends to go with Reda's irritating failing to fight his father's claim. On their way they meet an old woman (Ghina Ognianova) who is involved with two men and must finally be alone with Reda, a Turkish Mustapha (Jacky Nercessian) who promises to lead father / son duo but instead brings quarrels to get Reda drinking in a bar and disappear, with many patrols of patrols and custom agents who delay their development for various reasons. The tension between the father and the mountain: Reda cannot understand the importance of this trip because of experiments and losses, and the father cannot understand Reda's lack of faith and religious needs of the father. Finally they reach Makkah where they are surrounded by a group of preachers from all over the world and a sense of the importance of travel is great for Reda. The way in which the story comes near is touching and rich meaningless. It has taken a religious journey to restore the gap between the young and old, between the child and the father, and between the disagreement and the acceptance of religious values. The visual effect of this film is amazing - even more so because it feels like a camera 'comes' to get the beauty of many points of stopping along the way without the need for strengthening and special effects. Nicolas Cazalé is a good actor (be sure to see his latest and current film showing 'The Grocer') and is his role of transparency that brings magic to this film. Another good film from The Film Movement, this is a tender story told with confidence. It is highly recommended. Split Harp
