It is not surprising that the author / director Michael Powell considered "Life and Death Problems," his fantasy and Emeric Pressburger to call from 1946 to be very favorite of their films together. Released during World War 2, this romantic adventure would have provided only a tonic to a lost, healthier nation and needs to be properly developed. To track the line of other films of patriotism, Callers' made this a few of them, skilled and more supporters. Greatly Britain holds the British legacy (Shakespeare, beer, fair play, good behavior), also looks for friendship in its baroque songs, technical innovations and good beatings for many kinds. Oddly pointing to another 1946 classic, "It's a wonderful Life," AMOLAD opens up a great darkness, and one of the highest voices of preaching on earth and heaven, and a great world, very wonderful we live . Then it is reduced into the UK's cockpit, badly beaten, on fire and with co-trials already dead. It looks wrong, but connections are being made recently for lucid and events that follow. Entering an hour near 5 minutes, the exchange between the fire between Britain's Peter (David Niven) and US radio communications (Kim Hunter) is breathing in his friendship. He was allowed to die, however Peter includes a lot of power, charm and adequate supply, and his warm relationship with June binds in exchange for 'I love you.' Putting the magic of the time, Peter, with the observation of his 71 Operator whose work was to take him to 'another world,' fleeing death and finds himself on the beach. Later he meets June riding a bicycle, and immediately resembles the body with a sound. But recognizing their fault, the high court wants Peter to be restored, and led the French Shepherd (Maurice Goring) to take him to the world. But Peter refuses to live because of June and Conductor's mistakes, and voluntarily reserves his corner. Finally Peter lives with the heavenly court and US prosecutor (Raymond Massey), whose beauty consists of several dead warriors and posh members of the UK. The surreal attempt, which comprises from b / w back in the rich Technicolor, once the sentence has been announced, may be a dream, but the final shot in the hospital confirms predictable results. The abstract, the image of filling "stairway to heaven" (the American title of the film) is used twice: the first time in b / w, when it raises Peter and his top French guardian, crossing A great statue of Peter's attorney for the attempt, including Abraham Lincoln and Plato. The second time, the stairway of a gentle color provides a picture of the picture in the cinema - Peter and June frozen on one side, their eyes surprised in the shape, finally closed. <br /> <br> Unlikely love divided between Peter and June has never been a mushy or verbose; it is treated with respect and the idea that couples already have enough to be married and they just need to convince people of their love, so it can put them together. The French trainer, who can free time and bodies of people, includes their essential time at all times, telling Peter about his history and among his rough methods, linking the 'Top 100 Game Tricks' book of coffee and its coffee cup. If you take into account as a collaborative link to Powell / Pressburger, this is the first time they blended with b / w? The last to have a good quality while being used for heavenly events, and both are very interesting. The best script of the design of creative design, and the discussion that appears recently that does not work if it was written or screened. Interesting and printing, Powell / Pressburger text should be approved as similar to their color and structure. Made in 1946, "Life and Death Problems" is one of those films that despise the age, fresh look and innovation, even at this age when CGI could strengthen its fake effects, perhaps beat them A wonderful emotional. Other changes of wound would include the need for average seconds to be reduced by cutting and requesting inevitable to reduce the discussion so it could save a few less than many viewers. Powell chooses a spell that takes the viewer from the first frame carefully, giving him the freedom to experiment without losing the logic of Peter's problem.
