You think you are experiencing a serious situation when a movie center takes place mainly between two characters while transporting 3000 miles or so from France to Saudi Arabia, through many parts of Europe - Italy, Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia, Turkey, before the Middle East . But this is not a visit, and no stopovers for entering into sights. Reda's father is in his evening, and wants to make Haj. However, since walking and taking the mule is out of question, he chooses to travel to Makka by car. He can't drive, and so he helps Reda's support, with his son's march, taking him to their broken car. But Reda is not sure to make him go, when his father can choose a flight. He says the idea of ​​keeping his personal life for this journey that he could not understand. And so, we have left this difficult journey with the father and man, to be no better than pals. The beauty of this film is to witness the development of the father and the male pair, the challenges that the face, the people who are not faced with, should beat it in different weather conditions, and rest in another way leave the motels and sleeping in the car. We see the obvious gap in them trying to communicate, the father tries to seize his son, and the child tries to claim himself to be an adult, but the situation we see, reveals that Reda is the fish out of the water. Through many encounters, they include quite well despite their differences. It is quite possible that this film was released here last week by parallel with Hari Raya Haji, and have the opportunity to look at our characters to join other preachers in their Haj. The final area in Makka is actually seen to see, and you will also feel claustrophobia and fear if Reda tries to hunt his father among the thousands of people who gather. European objects were probably not deliberately, to create expectations and to focus on the final destination. It really goes home ideas to tell them and show them how you enjoy them for who they are. Do not miss this, and yes, the book early - I was very surprised that this evening session was still a perfect house.
