If you want to be arrogant and pedantic you can explain that the opening where the RAF Lancaster striker is deadly on May 2, 1945 is very difficult since German air protection was as interesting as Adolph Hitler that day but this is not a movie that should be viewed and the proud viewers and I think the behavior of the kill actually in the last hours of war increases with gentleness. In fact you would like to survive the second world war to fully understand the mind, beauty and spirit of the masterpiece of Powell and Pressburger. Are the events of heaven suffering when you are seen today? You should also look at the content of the context while it's done. The RAF bombs missed 58,000 men during the war, the same number that America lost in 'Nam but in a short time with a very large coastal fighters, no faithful in the fox hole and I doubt whether you would lose a family during the crisis you would like to see the things of God as a wise thing. When a young teenager at Richar Attenborough gets a surprise to see in front of him many war heroes should have a clear cry in this area as they remembered many lost friends who did not get the war. It is also remembered that despite the loss of several million people from 1939-45 it seems that very few people from Germany passed through pearly doors. It is obvious that the Nazi does not go to heaven / hell / the plot itself where the dashing of the little experiment Peter Carter protesting his life before the heavenly court would not have much appeal to me if it was not for subtext, you can see something important or life and film is The political and the vision that states the end of the British kingdom as it is replaced by the US expectations. There are small things that show the film if they are made by people who know the history and culture of the United States. One is the ethnic mix of the Americans, even today many of Briton think that the United States is very comparative to the White Anglo Saxon Protestant when actually 51% of Americans are "White Europe". The film has a place where a lot of different communities acknowledge “I am America” as Peter is judged by Abraham Farlan, Anglophobe who was the first revolutionary being killed by British forces in the United States of Independence. About "special relationship" between Britain and America - What specific relationship? Powell and Pressburger know their history when it comes to England and America. They are also aware of their future and some of your ideas in the past and some of your mind now. It is wonderful, beautiful, hurtful and wise but most of all is a film that has never been worked if it has been done in the past 40 years. Can you imagine if the story was set in 2003 and revolves around the British soldiers killed in Iraq?
