After the "shame of dirt", I never thought that I would see another movie of John Waters. That was very bad, that I believed that all his movies would be the same. But when the DVD of this movie was taken to a popular newspaper and said that this was the best movie, I decided to try it yet. A few days later it was shown on television. I used out of curiosity and now I saw, I can tell you that this "Pecker" of the point is better than "Shame Dirty". <br /> <br /> In this film we see how a 'little' person from Baltimore becomes one night feeling in the world of New York art. She is a sandwich shop worker who photographs her wonderful family or things she sees on the road as a hobby. When he puts his first 'exhibitions' in a shop where he works, his photos are verified by the owner of the gallery who loves pictures full of trouble and weakness. His photos are sold at a high price, but when he sees how his family, friends and visitors are doing his success he decides that they will not return to New York, they will come to him if they want to see him more. And they do, but what they see there, is more shocking than they could think ... It was hard to see that I loved this movie much more than "dirty shame". The first reason is that this film has a real story. This movie has something to say and not just want to scare as many people as possible. The fact that they say the world of art who see everything out of the ordinary as art because they do not know the truth as, not just funny, not far from the truth either. I think there are many people who feel about modern art that way. No one understands why they do such a discussion, but it seems we should all do it. The second reason I loved this movie was because this was the most beautiful presentations. I do not know that everything you will see is great, but at least the characters have a special appreciation for the performances of different actors like Edward Furlong, Christina Ricci, ... and a good joke - which doesn't give away too much - this is a fun movie. Certainly not the best comedy ever, but I liked it much more than a "shy shame". I am giving this film 6.5 / 10.
