Before this small black-and-whiter, a touch topic of criminal rape never made it on the US screen.There are a lot of this theme which Hollywood and Production Code was hidden until the 1960's. Ida Lupino traders to add it. The result is important but to some extent it has been affected, which is not surprising since director Lupino had to work with the principles of the Code to get the film released. Interestingly, the main problem of Ann Walton (Malaria Accommodation) after the attack is not how others can see him, but how he sees himself. And it is a heavy burden. Will he be able to communicate with men again? They will look at him as "damaged goods" (after all, this is 1950)? I am so surprised that he runs away instead of dealing with these concerns at home and at work, although family and friends help them. In general, this first part is hard and well done. The expulsion is hyped to incorporate a certain point in the plot, but this is the movie - see how the angry neighbor can not answer the corners of honking around the end of the post. If those were shouting from the Authority instead, the lack of neighboring responses would have raised an interesting although the issue of difficulty. The second half is too much given on the Production Code for the person with the feeling of Rev Ferguson (Tod Andrews). It is he (mentioning words) who "gives him the courage to cope with life again". There is an attempt to deceive him - it's Ann or her trouble that she is interested in more. However, his gentle and understanding presence comes up as a little bit miraculous and a little too mobile. Fortunately, that end prevents ordinary Hollywood characters from insisting only hope for a happy resolution for Ann instead of her trust. Do the Lupino tons of the loan to deal with the first topic. As a result of general results, I expect to be dealt with honestly with the topic if allowed. I also expect today's audience to get treatment gently particularly because of the best performance performance that provides out the human drama. However, the film works best now as a timetable of its time, and what the modern-day patrons thought it was appropriate to look at adults.
