Ida Lupino was one of the few women crossing the ceiling of glass on Hollywood under the studio system. Not surprisingly, she also joined the topic of a proto-female which, when touched at all, approached the gingerly manner which was rarely revealed what was said. In anger, he considers rape and its consequences, and though in a short movie known as "a criminal attack," he leaves, once, of course on what happened. The Authority (within its official beginning) has the secretary of the secretary in a large industrial plant; he lives with his parents but he is involved with a stupid boy (Robert Clarke), who has just got and now makes $ 90 a week. Leaving plants after working at the end of one night, he finds himself being beaten. In the next area? best in the film? he tries to escape his follower in the block of buildings and facilities but fails. When he returns home, worried and failing, the police cannot get much from him; he said he had never seen his attacker (who made a truck of snack out of the factory). Trying to pretend that nothing happened, he returns to his work but falls off, thinking everyone looks at him, judging. He goes into a fugitive, running to Los Angeles on the bus but he stumbles when he stops. Uplifting in the house of wonderful farms, he learns that he is saved by Tod Andrews, a young minister in the state of California California. He lies about his identity and takes an active orange. These two fall precisely in love, but it is clear to Andrews that Power puts the secret secret. When, in the company's picnic, it takes a wrench to wipe the skull of Paris Paris, who was trying to steal a kiss, the truth about its history comes from ... and excuse some of his shortcomings. Lupino has never overturned the area of ​​early assault, and the movie is running on bucolic and sentimental, ending talky and didactic. Yes, Lupino had important information to give, but it didn't depend on the story to talk itself. His hitting, delightful but bland and generic, did not have much help, either, to turn to the melodramatic postures or homepun reassurance. But the shock was a success, burning for the future discussion on what crime of rape is true, and what it means for its victims.
