After watching this film again from 1998 showing VH-1, I just needed to comment. The first time I saw this film on television, it was close to 1981, and I remember removing my mother's betamax. It was injured in black and white colors for some reason, which gave them a look at which I had loved. I remember a very different film starting with a song, "My Bonnie", as a camera hit on Liverpool area. I also remember the opening area where Paul deals with other girls and says, "Look, talent!" So it was so great that I popped in my 1998 taped copy to "remember" that films open and "He loves you," instead of my "Bonnie". When you see how slow the camera compared to the speed of music, you can see that "He loves you" is not recommended. Also, in this version "later" when Paul sees the girls, he says, "Look, GIRLS!" .. and somehow I remembered the previous version, the word didn't look right, either. Why did they hear that they had to have filmmakers for the American audience more than me. Personally, if I look at the film about the British band, I want all colloquialisms of the UK and what it would be part of their speech, their behavior, etc.. <br /> <br /> Another rage is how "choppy" editing was on television. Just after Stu beaten, for example, the film is reduced by breaking commercial-LOTS 'em. Yes, I know it depends on the web, but it completely destroys the effects of the film to eliminate, as we all know. What other people can get if it is not important in terms of discussion (and so on edit), can go a way to describe a particular step or area. <br /> <br /> My word is, "best" This version of this film is probably the original version I chose from 1981, which has just been done with the "Shake, Rattle & Roll" area which my 1998 edition did not take place . I began to consider that there must be two different versions of the TV, and watch the "alternative version" link with this film showed me the right. That the American version had short / cut scenes and / or discussions is a great desire for me and something worth mentioning if someone cares about these things. In fact, the best bet is to try and hold the European version of this film, if possible, and (perhaps even less than possible), the proposed version. Sadly, I had to leave my old betamax Europe because I didn't know how to change it. All this aside, I've got this film to be, perhaps, one of the best films about the story behind the "birth of Beatles". Knowing that the artistic and creative license is used frequently in movies and TV while displaying events in history, I do not allow other variations to make my films. True, you see the Beatles making songs in the Cavern that made me wonder, "Do not even write that back then I don't think so", but, however, I thought it was a good film and performances, wonderful. The true rate for me, in fact, was the actor who played John, Stephen MacKenna. I almost just came to love him. His appearance, manner, personality and voice of speech seemed to be unique. He looked at as much as John little for me to do double-take the end of the film when you see the Beatles make up Ed Sullivan for the first time. In fact I found myself questioning whether it was a real Beatle picture, until I saw other actors in the area. If you are looking for an accurate history of the death of the Beatles life and the beginning, you can't get better than, "The Anthology of Beatles", as it was "written" by boys, themselves. However, if you are looking for a fascinating picture of their pre-Beatlemania days leading up to the US and leaving your bad door-to-door assessment, you can't go wrong with the "Beatles Birth" - want for any "real" fan or The size of the Beatles.
