I just saw "behind the doors of the bedroom," and this was the first to write a softcore with a solid story behind her that I saw in time. We start with two close partners - Vivian and James Fenway (Julia Kruis and Eric Carrington), and Lillian and Gabe Harris (Nicole Sheridan and Chris Gustafson). Vivian seems to be a housewife, James is a lawyer who runs a district attorney, Lillian works in real estate, and Gabe is a successful plastic surgeon. Do you have everything? Now, let's go in. Insert Abby, play well with Chelsea Blue star stars. He hires the house along the road from Fenways and lives to all. At the beginning of the movie, James looks out of his window and sees Abby playing while playing with his girlfriend, Gigi (played with Monique Alexander's great actor) and begins to wonder how to be with him. The next day, Abby is learning with all four, and it seems to be a good woman who just happens to live a different life. He passes Vivian, who looks standing and tells him, "Oh ... I ... it's not that way." Everything looks the same ... until the program is moving around, the first, Abby shows at Gabe's office, naked, asking Gabe if he should get a boob job. This is where we get our film quote: <br /> <br /> "Tell me about Gabe." "You want to know what?" "Does Gabe enjoy marriage?" "I'm married." "There is a problem ..... I would think your wife stays at home, and she does everything you ask, but she's a pretty girl." "Yes." "He's not a bad girl?" "No." "Is that the door you have lock on it?" You know what happens next .... Abby gets Gabe, right there in the observation room. After that, she puts on a little show in her window for James, who comes and doesn't stop when he has sex with her. James's story does not know that the bea's teddy on the piano and the eye eye eye is actually the camera clicking all the holidays (it is quite clear). Abby is having sex with Gabe again later, and this time Gigi joins in three ways. Now that Abby has something about all men, he asks $ 100,000 from each other to bring him silent. Not only can he destroy James running, but he could destroy Gabe's practice. When Gabe and James fought against their guilt, Abby finds time to deceive Lillian - who "tried" with women at college. That was a long time ago, but you do not know that seeing him working with Abby - appeared like a old pro .. <br /> <br /> When Gigi goes along with the program, he looks envious of all his girlfriend sex gets. "It's just a business," Abby says. Accepting and apologizing is certainly a follow-up, if it is other amazing information about Abby's real identity - it seems he has been doing the same thing for different men in many different places. Gabe and James use this information to fight back against Abby's heroism. <br /> <br /> Now, about sex. Sexual incidents were very good, and considering all the women involved in this film except for Julia Kruis have a long background of porn, I could not expect anything less. The four qualities of Nicole Sheridan were the best of the film, and the third way comes second. Monique Alexander had only naked once, but was a small character. Julia Kruis was the main character and nakedness was the same. I think since he was surrounded by good benefits of experience, he did not have to have many sexual events. To connect, "Back to the Dust Gate" had a great story, which added the overall film level. I see it is tapeworthy. Women: A- (Nicole Sheridan was good at this film - better than her future offerings in Fred Olen Ray's comedies.) She could do enough game. he was not as bad as a competitor. I liked to give him himself alone. Julia Kruis was a natural man. strong, strong sexual scenes. Nicole's Sheridan's heart was very hard. Chelsea Blue looks good at its events, too. The girl-girl's gifts were not warm, but they were warm. The story of Chelsea Blue was good for that kind, and I was fascinated by returning to Nicole Sheridan in a sports game.) with the ability to look at this, since I was surprised If Chelsea Blue wanted to do more of these, he would host any e. That goes to Nicole Sheridan, too - even though she may do better by doing the comedy. I don't care the hard girls who can do the softcore film.
