I LOVE this movie. Director Michael Powell once said that this was his favorite movie, and it's mine too. Powell and Pressburger created a simple, powerful story - power of love against the "authority". However, his deception is in the controversy of "whether it is true or it is to think" the premise. Basically, one can say that it is just a typical example of the war for a young, delightful child at the WWII. Or is it? The question has never answered one way or another. True, it has never been asked. This ongoing deficit is part of the appeal to the film. Creating photography and creative creativity even includes some good touch showing the interests of film artists. For example, Pressburger wanted to make a version of the movie Richard Strauss' opera, Der Rosenkavalier, about the 18th-century boy of Viennese aristocrat. This appears in a short series where the 71 operating, wearing all his beautiful dresses, has a rose (which looks money in heaven). Music has a dream quality. <br /> <br /> All work is the first level - David Niven is very interested, and has great support from Elder Roger Livesey and a visitor to Kim Hunter. But, in my opinion, the charm of the film comes from Marius Goring as a Trainer 71. He has a far more interesting role, filling everything with his innocent heart, and shining the film. It is a pity that some cases of Conductor 71 were left on the floor of the cutting room. It is also a pity that Goring talent is no longer seen on the film, except in the incredible TV series of Scarlet Pimpernel TV since the 1950s. That's far from the most memorable role of his film work. He is a perfect foil in the style of Niven, and his normal deficiency varies with the beauty and weight of all the characters. Surprisingly, also in the mid-1940s, Niven also had a star against another "messenger", played by Cary Grant, Bishop's wife. Their acting methods were very similar and I saw the results, the odds, and the despair. For details, according to Powell, Goring wanted to replace Peter Carter, initially refusing Trainer 71. It was a good thing he gave and gave us a photo that he enjoys. The movie, "sent" to overcome the good relations between Britain and the United States, is approaching its move towards the end. But it is against the weapon in a gentle reminder of the threats of war - many deaths, both military and civilians, need to "continue" when faced with death. There is a clear lack of WWII's “enemies” in heaven, but citizens are shown to be an endless nature. Powell and Pressburger could be more clear in their details but it was not necessary. The movie may not have served its diplomatic goal as it was optimistic, but its nature continues to encourage developers and viewers alike on both sides of the Atlantic.
