Some non-watching films carry a message again in hours and days after watching. That is the case of CAROL'S JOURNEY (EL VIAJE DE CAROL), a film made in 2002 from Spain according to a novel 'A boca de noche' and Ángel García Roldán who also changed the book as a screenplay. The war and its results are not new for the film, but when the war document is back as the power of subtle operations to develop characters (especially children) who have to cope with the lives of adults affected by adult games, the result is The difference with further tender inquiry to come to the film's old film. Carol (Clara Lago) is a 12-year-old Spanish boy from New York whose mother Aurora's mother (María Barranco) returns to her Aurora home in 1938 during the Spanish civil war, a house left by her father Don Amalio (Álvaro de Luna) since the death of his wife. Carol Robert's father (Ben Temple) is an attempt by fighters who have lived with Republicans against Franco and is rarely with his family. Aurora has gone back: it came from her boyfriend Alfonso (Alberto Jiménez) to marry Robert, and Alfonso married a cool Aurora Dolores (Lucina Gil). Carol is an independent girl who is still involved with all but her grandfather Don Amalio until she meets others of her age but not her 'class': Tomiche (Juan José Ballesta) and her two friends liked Carol first, but as events create Carol and Tomiche it is linked to what it feels like to wake up first in love. When Aurora dies with his disease, Carol must live with Alfonso and Dolores and their daughter Blanca (Luna McGill), but returns to her grandfather with help with best friend mother and teacher Maruja (always Raza Maria Sardà) radiant to understand the difference between classes. The battle of meaning that goes on to his beloved father from his side. Through a series of events Carol and Tomiche are learning to be an adult, with more serious problems in the shortest period of war than most of us live in. Finally, though sad, you are excited as Carol's mature journey has been completed. The film is hit in Galicia and Portugal and has a very beautiful environment with a narrow thin lighting and a movie star Gonzalo F. Berridi and enhanced by the music symbols by Bingen Mendizábal. Director Imanol Uribe understands a good line of separating pathos from people, and in choosing to implement stories about children involved, gives more powerful information about the shortage and violence of war. Release is unique: the stars are clearly Clara Lago and Juan José Ballesta, but are supported by good old actors in adult roles. This is an amazing job with a permanent message and you should get more audience than this date. Grady Harp
