The opening opens up for me to be happy with their access - a change of color change of the cavalry, the introduction of the introduction, the camera camera on the world. It is amazing to think that it is a 'Wonderful Life' that comes in the same year. No coincidence: the 1940s had films of heaven and earth; but the cotton red cotton and the mighty warrior angels look at the tattered, something more quietly, placed next to Alfred Junge's vision. It keeps looking very well in the way, as more and more interesting ideas give us. I'm not a big fan of mixing colors with black and white in general. One of the two visual programs almost always looks bad when placed next to the other. Not so here. Powell reduces the color in monochrome and monochrome in color as it is the most natural thing in the world, the only change of the Pelettes. Both colored and black and white pictures can stand alone. <br /> <br /> As the news ... this could be the best Pressburger script, or at least it would have been the conclusion has been the most logical result of previous events. Other than that is firm, but to further than I can describe here. What? The heavenly things were real or thoughtful? (Or both? Maybe Carter dreamed a dream that was, as it happened, is true.) Everyone says we mean neither ask or answer this question, but I don't see why. I'm sure we mean to ask a question. The film gives us an indication of what the answer is - in fact, the problem is that there are so many signs and they seem to be first describing in different ways. The fact that other things should consider also does not mean that this should not send us too. There, as I said earlier, a lot goes on. Think of the place where Abraham Farlan (the Heavenly Prosecutor) is playing a cricket radio show, and he says gently, 'the UK's voice, 1945.' A great shy, and then gives one of his own: a song of blues from America, which Farlan hears as if he has lemon his mouth. Reeves seem to look. Snobbery? Well, I don't see why it's snobbish to judge music blues - and it's not what Powell and Pressburger are doing, however. Since this song is played, we get a shot of American soldiers listening to us: most of them hit their heads with a voice, fully at home. They are not available. There is nothing important about the song and neither Reeves nor Farlan knows what it is. Reeves probably knows very well. All English audience (with all Australian audiences, Hindi, etc.) know without being told there is something worth in cricket advertising, too; and that when Reeves understands that, he cannot explain to Farlan - so the broadcast of the blues, which shows that people can understand each other without sharing the knowledge of everything else. It is a clever area. <br /> <br /> One thing last. I saw David Niven a little cold, without charisma he would get later in his career; but however, I don't think the film has taken my heart very soon after it started, as this does.
