Setting in 2017 (although a person can do it easily in 1987, with hairstyles and clothing), Running Man sees a good old man Ben Richards (Schwarzeneggar) is placed for the mistake he made. After breaking a strict prison, he was bound and entered as a rival in the brutal show of the game Running Man, with fellow fighters and a beautiful woman sign, Amber (Maria Conchita Alonso) ,. > Using a brutal government as a means of controlling civilians, holes showing guilt against opponents of various colors (and quite often), each has its own unique style of killing: Dynamo fire lightning from a special suit, Buzzsaw uses chain, Zero The small has the remaining nutrients of the cocoa, and Fireball prefers flamethrower to finish competitors. But these killers are not like Ben Richards, who sends each other in a proper way (followed by mandatory magic). At the end of the film, Ben joins a group of freedom fighters in the war against the authorities, and receives a revenge of the club, Killian. Twenty years ago, Arnold Schwarzeneggar ruled the world of movies and, with his fan club, he could do nothing wrong. Austrian Beefcake had a successful form which was close to the success of the box office for its movies: the comic book of comic as well as a free logic strategy as well as a beautiful female string and more than one liner, able to work similar to the great benefit. The Race man voluntarily followed this blockbuster recipe for T and Arnie viewers (especially young men) put it (I also included). Now, two decades later, and after having finished watching the film for the first time in years, I have seen an incredible movie: one completely without technical characteristics, acting with respect, with the influence of lobby, but somehow quite entertaining. Directed by Paul Michael Glaser (known as Det Dave Starsky from the 70s workshop, Starsky and Hutch), and turned from a short story by Stephen King (text under the plume name, Richard Bachman), The Running Man is a cheesy Notes The best 80s look good and very well, even though (or perhaps because of) the shoddiness of the film, it has a special charm that is hard to describe. put-delete, the film provides a lot of unintentional giggles. Look at the area where Ben finds Amber's secret cache of the buffer zone (!); amazing on graphics 'futuristic' graphics used in posters banners and game Running Man board (as a graphic designer, I found these especially amusing); surprised by a lack of technological development. A person who can run can have a trash, but it's a great entertainment that I have no doubt in suggesting to Arnie's fans and sci-fi steps in general.
