Arnold again in 80 years showed that he was a practical king and one builder in this future film about the violence of the game that no candidate lives. But if the tag line says Arnold has not yet played! The movie begins in 2019 where the world economy has fallen to food and other essential materials for shortages and brutal conditions have occurred, controlling every aspect of life through TV and police conditions. It is the most popular game show is Man Running, where criminals are forced to live against the "Stalkers" that live to kill them. The movie is opening with Ben Richards (Arnold) leading a helicopter message to focus on food crisis. He is commanded by his princes to give them a fire, and refuse to take him out and cast him into prison, at the same time killing people without his help. The government accuses Richards for the murder by giving him the name "Bakersfield Dog". Eighteen months later, Richards and two friends William Laughlin (Koto) and Harold Weiss (McIntyre) left the detention center. They go underground, led by Mic (Mick Fleetwood). Mic quickly defines Richards as "Bakersfield Dog" and refuses to help him, but his friend persuades him otherwise. They want to join the opposition, but he would like to go and live with his brother and get a job. Recently he finds that his brother has been taken for re-recruiting and the name of the woman Amber Mendez (Alonso) has taken her home. Knowing who he will not help, but he is persuaded, but has been taken to the airport by the fighters after taking him out. At the same time, the person who runs has trouble finding new blood for stalkers there to kill. Damon Killian (Dawson) shows a host and one of the most powerful men in the country sees Richards run footage and can find him for a show after his capture. Richards refuses to play, Killian threatens to use his friends instead, so he points out a contract. You will love it. But soon she finds that they will join her too and ensures that Killian knows she will return. Operators start to make a route through the Zone and fight off characters who do not remember, Sub-Zero, Buzz Saw and many others. Finally Richards joined Amber who thought he was founded but was arrested and thrown into the game too. Together they get underground and make it back to Killian and give him a privilege to restore. The man who runs is one of the great movies of Arnold from 80 years. The movie was looked somewhat on the book Stephen King of the same name. Some said that the book is the best. I am sure not and I don't care yet I loved the movie. As in all Arnold's films, what would you expect for the first groups of Arnold and even Ventura gets a couple. But of course Richard Dawson is a position in this film. By becoming a real host of game game appeared easily and was able to create a character that was actually blood blood. The whole movie itself pops up on the game show with a great brother watching you. Keep an eye on them by shouting and other old performances, "hate the boat" among others. Also cast was bigger than Arnold, Koto, and Alonzo not forget Professor Toru Tanaka, Jim Brown, Ventura and Sven-Ole! For the truth of a steady TV proximity now, but I assure you that Hollywood leaders will make it a movie on "Bush Bush". The new DVD with the poor with the stalkers was the only one that could be given. Some of how ACLU managed to get some of the communism into the DVD and is a laughable waste that shouldn't be anywhere near the movie Arnold of all items. Swearing! In general for any fan of Arnold especially we who grew up to 80 years on it, you can not miss this. It was the first one I saw after 80 years and is still great today. Future world with humor is good. Generally 10 stars out of 10, obviously one of its best.
