The Running man is dismissed as often as the second incident of Arnie's explosion, a terrible blow with a gun, and being fair, there is a lot of it. People were watching and comparing it to the Terminator series, saying it was one of the poor Schwarzenegger films. But, give me 18 years, and you feel you have the ability to understand different light. Instead of a non-brain brain film, it works very well as the reality of television. It is quite different from Stephen King's book, indeed, but I doubt whether Hollywood, and his last love upbeat and so-called 'normal boy' who turned into a knowledge of the command, would have accepted the current form. <br /> <br /> But, on review. Ben Richards (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is a policeman working in the United States dystopian where democracy is a thing of the past, and the whole country is governed by a government / media union. The economy is in fabrics, food is scarce and the situation prevents people from worrying for producing exciting games for them to watch, like flying in dollars, where people jump for money on a rabid dog, and the most popular is The Running Man, a sportshow attended and Damian Killian (cheerful by Richard Dawson) who are thought to be 'criminals' being hit by 'stalkers' hunting. and speak against the government. When a hungry group holds a demonstration in the city of Bakersfield, California, a helicopter run by Richards is sent to 'calm' (i.e. kill) protests. While Richards refuses a fire on innocent people, he has been arrested and made for the massacres of the masses. He is sentenced to a labor camp, but he runs with the support of the opposition leader (Yaphet Kotto) and continues to run. However, his independence does not last long, and after the capture of the web worker Amber Mendez (Marita Conchita Alonso) for an attempt to escape those looking for him, he feels himself a prisoner again, but this time he has to appear in the Man of Running. <br /> <br /> And there, of course, the whole film blows the standard of Arnie. Richards has been launched in Los Angeles (after LA completely destroyed in this world of dystopi?) And forced to flee from 'stalkers', with two other prisoners who fled from the labor camp with him. Amber also has a prudence on the Richards demonstration of innocence, and finds that he was prepared. I think what happens to him, then? So, like Amber, Richards and two others run around trying to avoid stalkers, we recently know that Richards is not ordinary police. He is Super Arnie, an army of one person who can run away who can overcome the dictatorship of bad associations and fight with more people covered with Christmas lights at all times being your ordinary American boyfriend of Austria. The film becomes dumb, loud voice, Arnie's classic 80 fun. There is a lot of exciting fighting fights, trademark puns bad ('He had to split' to be my favorite), with a total formulaic struggle to end and end up happy. It is a great pleasure to see Killian responding to the usual military games, too, and some funniest moments in the show spinning the difference between his interaction with the crowd as a sympathetic host (see the old woman!) A cold, stupid person is really who will do anything to increase the ratings. <br /> <br /> If you are looking for a high face, intelligent film, you will be disappointed. But if you want a great genius of 80, well, this is. But the main thing about this film is completely prophecy. Looking at the entertainment we have today, you will see the real TV channels going today - shows people who are ready to put themselves in any way for five minutes of popularity, and all the producers also want to let them blame themselves on TV. Not too far to think that some TV comes out there trying to get the right to show people who live on TV. Already we have had it, however, and ghoulish al-Qaida hostage video presentation posted on the Internet. It seems to be in the current climate, at least some people are best looking at real death on their television sets. Being in mind, and with the fact that every day these days seem to be a revival of the 80th century, you should be surprised at the far-reaching appearance of this film. Of course, we have not yet arrived, if they are terrorists, instead of the usual media, who have bought a simple plan of human death, but you have to wonder how long before some decisions decide whether they can find a way to photograph which it combines people's desire for entertainment and the desire to enjoy their curiosity ...
