I am still new to the Krimi type and the only one I saw before seeing this was the original and horrible 'The Dead Eyes of London', which did not promote much hope for all others in me. If I saw this first, however, the feeling would be different as when the Employee Girl's College is an extraordinary and responsible trial; it's fun to enjoy and it's very difficult to hate the film that gives us many wonderful and wonderful ideas in the script and manages to remove it in style. The film begins in a laboratory where a scientist has formed a new and toxic substance that kills its victim and makes it seem like they died from heart attacks. This poison is used by a mysterious mysterious expert who breaks off criminals out of jail to kill him by using this poison (and then puts them back in jail). As the title suggests, it is a nearby college full of girls who offer many of the victims. There is also a mysterious monk wearing a red robe with which the soldiers were breaking the neck and the cow. <br /> <br /> Of course, for such a plot; this is not a big thing and the director knows that if there is a shade language on the film, which joins well with the plot. The fact that there are so many sides of the plot unfortunately means that everything is not being used properly; although this is not a big problem if things continue to concentrate well in the film and there is always enough to keep the audience interested. The sky is beautiful and the color scheme is also good. Of course, the film depends on Edgar Wallace's novel and clear that man has good ideas; The sites that are used are also high and while the ignorant killers have wild and foreign animals cannot serve any significance for the plot, it helps to provide the film as an 'extra' thing. You are looking for a conclusion that is best suited after all the things going on in this film; but the reason for the genocide is important and it is a satisfactory way to reach the peak. In general, the College of Girls College is the very best hidden flick and one that comes very recommended!
