Prussic gas, the killer produces a red suit of hat and a white whip hat, and the murder of school girls at the hands of the suspects who have been led by an amazing specialist who puts his face into an office with aquariums of turtles and fish. In Yard Scotland's Higgins, Higgins (IJoachim Fuchsberger) and his chief Sir John (Siegfried Schürenberg) certainly have their hands full with this case. It all seems to be the center of the student Ann Portland (Uschi Glas), who, when she returns 21, will receive a great value of wealth. Girls who were targeted were involved with Ann, but the reason for their murder is still the key to the best SY. Employees of all the dormitories seem to have concealed something and some members of the faculty fall prey to the killer in a red monk hiding dress, talented enough to pay attention to the neck of those attacked by the whip. Two prisoners are sent by a secret person to use a mixture of gas and toxins originated by a scientist killed at the beginning of the film when it was supposed to exchange money for his creation. It is a clever scheme where the driver, Greaves (Günter Meisner) meets the prisoners (who hide in the barrel) who are assisted by prison guards. Taken blind in the secret room of the mastermind, gives them orders about who to kill and how. Discovering this operation is a high priority for Higgins and Mr. John for it will lead them to the truth that they are looking for about the killings and why they happen. Below is a great woman of the bombing girls, her brother brother, a boy of shape, a great chemist, a snooping farmer, and a Bannister. Some are reddish until they are lost, blowing the viewer with a loop every time until the real master is identified. Last connects many twists. From the Krimi films I have seen, THE GIRL IN IT is near the giallo who has a killer, a conspiracy that comes from a great surprise and suspects who are capable, and shenanigans of evil among adults and college students in dormitories. I think you can also see the influence of James Bond on this special Krimi film and hide the mystery of the mastermind of the villain and the pit of alligator (which is not used), artificial fake / water pistol, when opened, burning the face of self-destructive victims, Greaves' Royles Royce which has barriers to unlocking windows without revealing passengers on the back seat, and holes used to spy girls in their rooms and during swimming. Many may consider Sir John liability due to his noise, fun and how often it weakens Higgins's ability to find out the truth (perhaps telling all British counselors who are dealing with more cases than solving). The comedy, especially with his experimental trial of psychoanalyzing and survivors can, often do not understand what is being said. Higgins, using the skills adopted for his years as observation, rather than following the symptoms / facts, often prevent Sir John possible. Alfred Vohrer's most reliable trend, who keeps blowing faster, and screens are full of interesting characters and lurid content. The fact that many adults around dormitories are suspected, any of them may be one who blames a whip or calls back shots. the murder of the girls killed. I would like to say this could be one of the best models (if not better) of Krimi type, because it keeps changing, always one more than ace is a sleeve. The last openings are an eye-raising (.. and, even getting unmasking) The real mastermind actually pull the strings on all off).
