This may be the fastest and most consistent of the German Edgar Wallace "krimi" series, a cross between Dr Mabuse's 60 and 60's games like Batman and Man from UNCLE. It repeats the angry man from the previous film that gives the character of a stylish composer and breaks the necks of the victims and the stroke of death. Put in a posh girls' school full of middle-aged students, and for the authors fasting their festivals up to every opportunity, it is indeed a waste of those wrong political times. There is a proper link to the future of Wallace's film, the best pride "Whatever happened to Solange?", Which involves female students that have been destroyed by (and destroyed?) Their elders. Suitable for the monk theme, master-mind villain uses the booby-trapped Bible here to deal with some of the deaths of death, and also has a reptile-filled dungeon to convince its audience to hostage. Alfred Vohrer was always playing with the flamboyant of the directors of the series, and here the color of the lurid color is a real star of the show. Monk looked at the red calf and the clothes, and overcome the white taste, while it looked against the nature of the purplish night. There is also a friendly friendly swimming pool which seems to be more beautiful as a delightful environment for nubile students and a growing shadow for one of the incidents of murder. The trademark "kicker" of hiding the "End" card somewhere in the last set is also quite memorable here. And there is good brass and twangy logo for fans of retro music. The Fans of the series will undoubtedly lose Eddie Arent's favorite behavior in these future films. Instead, the chief auditor Sir John replaces the buffoon, believing that he has learned the psychology of crime after taking night courses. Unfortunately, Klaus Kinski has also gone to many things and better. Krimis has lost some of their desperate charm for this stage, and now it worked on a more pop-up culture, which will make this available to non-uninitiated viewers.
