This film is one that has played well in 1932 and probably doesn't work today because its style is old and manufactured. However, if you are a kind of person, like me, who likes the old Hollywood films, you cut a little slack of a slack and you can enjoy why - an interesting soap. <br /> <br /> The video is installed in the county for the problem of the problem. In this large room is about ten beds where women are waiting for birth - but doctors are concerned about possible problems (yikes - the same room hurts the mother!). And, as part of the "Boat Boat" or "Island Island", every mother has her own story. With so many stories instead of top things, you should stop unbelief. I was able to enjoy the film quite a bit. Here are a few stories: One involves father. You can't see the mother, but she is a dad, very scared and includes for comic aid. However, he was wonderful here - very touching. <br /> <br /> Loretta Young and Eric Linden are a sad case. Loretta is taken to the hospital from prison - apparently killed a bad guy. You don't know exactly what happened, but you think he was trying to force her! However, he was given a 20-year sentence - and her husband is dedicated to him and it is for his part as much as he can. Glenda Farrell is a bad guy. Has a natural birth of hamster - a very bad hamster and alcohol! She is pretty funny and worth seeing through many of the films. I liked to drink him in a bottle of hot water filled with gin and being angry when he learned that he could not make money to sell his twins! Later in the film, he has a typical Hollywood style that was supposed to touch - I've found it. There is a woman who has been born a child yet born. Interestingly, after the words, they put the woman back in the same ward as women trying to be born !!! The woman, who has despised the lost child some time ago, walks from the intellectual unit. She insists she has a child. Later, he runs again and actually takes one of the children! There is more stories than this but those I mentioned are the main ones. As I said, it is an opera kind of soap and is very entertaining - and very sad in the case of several stories. Finally, in particular, it breaks the heart and efficiently. There were a few good performances - especially Farrell and Aline MacMahon as a great nurse. For all, a very good film - and I don't know why they felt they should restore the film just a few years later (which was common to Warner Brothers).
