Life Begins - and the end - in the 1930 reproductive ward, where we look at the 48 hours of life of many pregnant women, who played with Loretta Young, Glenda Farrell, Clara Blandick (Aunty Em ???), Vivienne Osborne, Dorothy Tree, and Gloria Shea, waiting for birth. Although the film has a plot of material that appears to be released today when the reproductive papers are overly controlled and restricted, it gives us a look back on time to see what a delivery at the usual hospital hospital in 1932 was like our grandmothers and grandmothers. I saw this interesting and moving film. Usually, the best performance in this film comes from a male member, Eric Linden as Jed Sutton, Grace's husband (Loretta Young). What are the practices! As the first time Father, Jed is concerned with anxiety and hospital staff who seem to leak his worries over his wife if they can beat crumbs on a restaurant table. I felt that every concern was passionate. I would like to see more of this actor's work. He had a very emotional voice, which was used for an irreversible effect in Gone With The Wind. In the film Eric played a young soldier whose foot was taken without anesthesia, who shouted "Do not miss!" as Scarlett fled the hospital for fear. Chilling! Another good performance is from Aline MacMahon, who plays Miss Bowers, a nurse. Her character is the salt of the ground, the kind of nurse we all expect to get to our hospitals, who break the hospital rules regularly to show more humanitarian side of medical profession. Loretta Young did another good job working here too, real and very real performance like Grace. My, he is good in these situations, I have grown more recognizable as a few months ago actor. Glenda Farrell played the role of a non-star mother on my taste (didn't anyone know back in 1932 that walking from a hot water bottle could be dangerous to the health of unborn babies?) But her behavior saves herself The end. Also in the cast was not required Gilbert Roland, the star of the silent movie, as the Italian mourner husband. The screen time was short, but it is known. <br /> <br /> Life Comes is a must-see step, try to use it at another time on TCM, but remember to bring a few right hankies. 9 out of 10.
