It is the intent of the amazing art of Gosha's film that he was able to complete Hitokiri and its mysterious hub, Goyokin, the same year, in 1969. And that is an agreement of how crime was placed under the law continues to the public (compared to the media dear like Akira Kurosawa, that Hitokiri and Goyokin have received less than 500 votes between them. <br /> <br /> Shintaro Katsu is Okada It: mad assassins, loyal to Tosha's family and Takechi, played with fashion The Tosha family was part of a great partnership that supported the King against the angry Shogunate. History history is very accurate - with the increase in the political crisis between the immigrants and Tokugawa and Western pressure to end The social and political securities of the 300 years. It helps a lot to know something or two about the history of the Japanese and what ultimately led to the Restoration of Mayji and Ending To distribution, but not important in any way. The film was done by Japanese listeners because other items are easily taken but are very well-run for uninitiated as well. If a person could expect from Hideo Gosha's movie in his golden years (at the end of 60 years) the palette to see is breathing, the use of an external and internal model to hide behind the beauty of the photo . Style however is not Gosha's decoration - always employed in story service. And pointing to the story, Hitokiri is actually guided by the example and the main character of the torture. As many of the characters of Chambara, it finds itself in two ethical values, bursting between the sticks (obligations) and the joints (natural impressions) - although it takes time for him to realize exactly what his secret is. In the first half of the movie It tries to personal development. Good prospects for social and marital status and the daughter of the aristocrat - a great development for someone who comes from a farmer in the farmer's poor state of the 19th century. The way to turn to It is when he knows why the cost of independence comes, losing identity and because of losing soul. It is at that time that he will find a big change from the famous Tosha Family for drifter "without name" without an old or future, Torazo Alien. Although it is not anonymous and not a form of Yojimbo of mold, it is a loss of its old self and rejected by ego, greed and self-dillusion that allows It to see things like they are true and liberate themselves. The terminus ceases (which I will not disclose here) in the best way any story can be finished: both positive and negative with a very pleasing twist which offers It last to laugh, the last sardonic remark in the face of death.
