Hitokiri (which is translated as "murder"), a / k / "Tenchu" which is translated as "divine punishment") shows Hideo Gosha on its form. Do not miss this one, or another of the classic Gosha, Goyokin! Not only is one of the best Gosha films, one of the best films of "Samurai / Chambara" that has been made, and perhaps one of the best Japanese films has been fired. <br /> <br /> Be cautious, all complicated Details of the plot in Hitokiri may be a little harder to follow those unknown to the Japanese history of the 19th century. However, the basic human drama is obvious and clear to viewers all. Typically for Gosha, Hitokiri offers other variations on its traditional theme of "loyalty to the master of man" against "doing the right thing". However, Gosha develops its beautiful and modern head, that is actually the _the_ movie to see (with Goyokin, of course). <br /> <br /> I think it will decrease like this: If you want a simple, more story-led, you might want to see Goyokin. However, if you want a more focused game, more likely (even worse), see this. Well, the same, basically, the history of history is a great force among many groups of Samurai who are either (1) working to fix, still store, Tokugawa Shogunate, and (2) those who they are trying to introduce King Meiji as the chief ruler of Japan. Of course, these relatives work "to" King Meiji often not very much in "fixing" Japan than to ensure their own family more powerful in the "new world order." The feudal all was officially removed as one of the first reforms of the Mayji government for fraud - which makes the whole plot possible.) Gosha movie. Each shot is comparable, and (such as Barry Lyndon of Kubrick) each frame of the movie can support itself as a structure yet. Of course, this is Gosha. Actually real standing with the back of the wheels, including (like and Goyokin) a lot of riveting sea. View the opening of the opening, and it is used! Do not make a mistake, this is not a period of English language: This is a very violent attack (don't tell it it was wrong.) / What is another, except the work of a cool camera, makes Hitokiri disappear? Exhibitions appear (to me) a bit of cunning in this. Katsu Shintaro (of Zatoichi / Hazi's famous Razor) returns in the performance of the stars as a protagonist / antihero protagonist, Okada It. Katsu can encourage human character which looks more than the wild animal than the animal. In all movies, you have never been there if you're sharing or feeling with Okada behavior. At the same time, showing Katsu's starvation of Okada's despair, and his future experiment of redemption, seems to be a human being that can not help but feel sympathy / pity. Of course, after seeing I claim Tatsuya playing a hero to be tortured in "Goyokin", it is best to see him who plays the angry village in "Hitokiri". He is perfect, nothing else to say! As a last note, perhaps the most interesting for the flowers instead of ordinary fans, do not forget the final drawings of Mishima Yukio (yes, gay close-to-the-art ultranationalist who has committed suicide to many people before The Japanese army "kidnapped" in 1970, and had a film on his life and work done by Paul Schrader, who actually does a great job of showing respect (for the killer) Shinbei Tanaka.
