Another movie of Pokemon has played movies, and again, I have to hear the old man, "Pokemon has died, blah blah blah." The franchise fraudsters could not be worse. Children are still playing a business card game, still watching the TV series, waiting for Game Boy Advance games, and want to see "Pokemon Movie 4." It said, "Pokemon Movie 4" brings us to the second "Pokemon" of the "two" of Suicune, "north wind" of lore, and Celebi, forest guard (and show). Celebi separates himself from a boy named Sam 40 years in the future, even today, where Pokemon Ash, his Pikachu, and his friends Brock and Misty go through Johto. Sam and Ash become friends quickly, immediately discovering mutual love for Pokemon (Pokeball's Sam's harvest and Sam is a good time). Together, they decide to protect Celebi from the man of the story, a rocket agent named Vicious, who is hell-refused to put Celebi on his own goals. Will Ash and Sam will be able to protect Celebi from Vicious' Dark Balls? Where does Suicune enter the picture? Will Jessie, James, and Meowth have a greater place in this film than before? And who is just Sam, really? Like the first 3 movies, if you are going to a movie deciding that you will love it simply because it's just Pokemon (or just because your child / nephew / nephew / younger brother / so "has been so motivated" in it, then you will love it because you have decided that you want to hate it. That may be, but for the destruction of the "Pokemon Movie 4" just because it is a movie of Pokemon, and especially without seeing it, it's just stupid. enjoy this film without knowing all the details of the world of Pokemon. I don't know that you will be a fan of Pokemon because of this film, but you can enjoy the truth, if you leave yourself. Pokemon 3, "Pokemon 4 Movie" is distributed by Miramax, who has also heard of doing the job on the 5th movie of Pokemon, released in the summer in Japan. Miramax claims to have an explosive strategy for "Pokemon" Modern 4, "lak The whole thing I have seen so far is to be given a little, which does not include Pikachu usually at the beginning, which I was looking forward to at this time. I hope that Miramax will see the eligibility for a short Pikachu, called "Pikachu's Excitation Hide-and-Seek," at least the release of DVD / VHS, if not for the future of "Pokemon Movie 4". I hope that the current release is the tip of the ice for this leisure film.
