At the end of the 30th and 40th years it was the golden age for the movies of adventure, what to increase the budget during the economic recovery, the change of screen entertainment since the production principle had been implemented with the usual hope of time. Although most of them were few lamenting on the wild, superhuman and frequent wrong heart as Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, Gunga Din is very different in its direction, scope and sound. The secret of Gunga Din is a division of work in his writing team. The original story is Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, two skilled writers and celebrities of Hollywood's Hollywood age. However the real screenplay was the work of Joel Sayre and Fred Guiol, both, especially Guiol, had a background in comedy. What we get from these four is a plot that is similar to self-reliance, but it is also carefully covered with comical touch. Many of the flicks of the moment's time were at least comedies part, usually featuring one or two players-aid assistance, but they didn't use a laugh with Gunga Din does. Here, all the main characters are able to be objects or predecessors of joke. We see the worst risk of bad people suddenly being split as a scourge breaks into the heart. The first part of the war is a combination of action and action, in the style of the silent swashbuckers of Douglas Fairbanks, Sr., something that Flynn and Power cars have failed to imitate. Around the center of Gunga Din action must necessarily take a break and there are a lot of talky scenes for a plot. However, always in the comedy? such as the usual punch size? make this "slow" part that can be infected. The director of producer George Stevens was natural during this time, he cut off the teeth at Hal Roach's studio, and almost exclusively described comedy so far. This was his first act of action, and he does an amazing job. Especially its use to move forward-of-view shots to make the most exciting scenes. Does it also bring something that you see in the photos of this age? The feeling of real fear and fear. She sets this with wonderful and spreading mountains that leads to many shots and beat characters. The village exhibition left by the Thuggee pastors cried "Kali!" it's really haunting. This trend of fear includes all the other feelings that work here, and make us worried for these relevant characters, and make the comedy more of the tension. The actual touch of the genius is in the way of the eponymous hero is brought to the audience. We are known for gold visually, for he is famous in several cases before any characters actually meet him or translate it into words. For this reason, we are given the impression that Din is not an important figure within the army, but he is quick to our character, and very important a sympathetic person, when we see him risking his life and giving water to dying men. The best efforts of writers and directors are free of charge. Do not be afraid, for Gunga Din has a high head! Victor McLaglan and Cary Grant were eligible for the material, since their best responsibilities were somewhat found on the scope between the drama and comedy. Providing mainly is best for him, significantly reliable but constantly breaking into the top-over-over and rejecting it was his trademark. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. it is not the same as the weight of its partners, but he is not bad. And actually there is Sam Jaffe, he was cursed by his ever-ever playing these strange, but who else could play with them with respect and humanity? I've never destroyed the adventures of swashbuckling of Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, and in fact their many photos are quite classic that I absolutely love. But Gunga Din makes things that even the best of those swashbucklers can not reach. It not only provides for male or gold leadership inspired, succeeds to integrate the kind of action with comedy and gently, through which a few images have done before or since. And that's fabulous.
