The story of an unknown person who acted as a great soldier, saving the lives of hundreds not thousands, is told in the 1939 film "Gunga Din." Easily from Rudyard Kipling's poem, the film is inspired by George Stevens and star Cary Grant, Douglas Fairbanks Jr. by Victor Mclagen. The role of the title is played by Sam Jaffe, known in my age as Ben Casey's boss, Dr Zorba, a name that has been similar to the big, without control of hair. Say "Dk Zorba hair" to anyone of my generation, and they know what you're talking about. Keeping India at the time of Britain's implementation, three soldiers - two romantic statistics, stimulating in Grant and Fairbanks, and McLagen as a big bed - it's cut-in fact, three boys nearby. Gunga Din is a helper of water, it is meant for some meaning - in words, however - with McChesney (McLaglen), but the Cutter (Grant) loves him. When he gets Din (known Deen) practicing a walk with soldiers and salute as he builds a unit during their operation, Cutter gives him several points. The fun band of musketeers will break when Ballantine (Fairbanks) declares that he wants to marry a beautiful woman (Joan Fontaine) and stop the service. However, when Gunga Din and Cutter run away from Thugees, the cult led by the guru (Eduardo Cianelli), Gunga Din runs to warn the unit, and Ballantine insists to join and save Cutter. It's a movie buddy after all. "Gunga Din" begins with a heart of heart, with a wonderful and wonderful campaign, especially with Cary Grant, who is very funny. Both he and Fairbanks are very good, it is difficult to determine who will appear first. A large part of the film is made up of a great process of action that is very exciting. In the last part, the story becomes very surprising and facing war, exciting. Help is a great responsibility, Fairbanks is a romantic partner, and McLaglen as McChesney, especially due to its Gunga Din treatment, is a non-variable character, although a person recognizes its quick heart in love for elephants Annie. His gentleness comes toward the end of the film, especially in the final touch area. Then a gentle and interesting actor, Sam Jaffe gives good performance like Gunga Din, easy. , a brave man with a great smile, strong ideas and high dreams. Without much discussion, Jaffe sends the soul of Gunga Din to the very best. It is the last video of adventure, scope, and good acting, recovery events, beautiful music, and other movies. Another from that wonderful year, 1939. It is highly recommended.
