The film was shot in Movie Stations, just off 395, near Lone Pine, California, north of Portney Portals. You can still find splashes of cement and metal joists put in rocks where the sets were built. And you will recognize the location from any film of Randolph Scott. I will not bother the plot, for I am sure it is covered somewhere else. Three movie players - Fairbanks son, who must have learned a good deal from his father - Grant, acrobat in his youth - and MacLaughlin, a professional striker from South Africa. Their physical knowledge is all shown. It is no time for this film to be taken seriously. It's about Thugees, denomination in India, where our English word says "thug." I can't go through all of this film but maybe we must tell that the director, George Stevens, had a background polymati in Laurel and Hardy movies - check his choreography of the fighting episodes - and went on for a long cancellation of Shane and Diary's Anne Frank. Dynasties rose and fell. Geological time came and went, while Liz Taylor and Monty Clift ignored the "sunny place." Here, in its comic form, adds. <br /> <br /> This is a story of connecting men and it will be easy - very easy - read reading in it, as many people do with Haward Hawks. Or the hatred of women. But not at all. Sometimes the features shown on the screen are not very suitable for heuristic alert. Men will form bonds for working together in a way that women do not. (Women share secrets.) Read Deborah Tannen, the idea of ​​any woman who opposed. Yes, when you think about it, that's how evolution should produce. For many human history - about ten of that - hominids have been hunters and partners, and men tend to hunt and women assemble. Hunting is much better as a team business. Men who were not very good at connecting were Darwinian out, leaving men with many team spirit. And Grant, Fairbanks, and MacLaughlin have found it at rest. Sorry, it is slow on reforms but I am a human and it is a disease of work. What? Have I ever told you about the horses in Vaitongi, Samoa, which went down on the concrete and fell into the bathroom with me? You have to look at fear. <br /> <br /> Joan Fontaine is good, really. He had only to know him in his later years and wondered why he was in many movies. I lived in Saratoga, California, where her sister, Olivia DeHavilland, grew up and went to a museum. Good position. If you have lost this artistic horse to the Empahh Horse at its height, you should never forgive yourself. It is widely known that it is parodied in the film Peter Sellers, "Party." Yes - Colonel had to know.
