For years I thought that this comedy service service was the product of John Ford, especially with Victor McLaglen as one of the leads. In fact it has a very humorous house that Ford films its films. To my surprise I learned it is George Stevens who actually led it. I still do not accept that this film was not given to John Ford, but perhaps he was far from Monument Valley doing Stagecoach. Victor McLaglen and Cary Grant and Douglas Fairbanks, Jr, three players in the Indian Army who have good friends / friends / boyfriends go. But the old group breaks because Fairbanks is involved in marrying Joan Fontaine. Not like its two pals can help, help with cuts and regimental beastie Gunga Din as played by Sam Jaffe. Rudyard Kipling's tip was the inspiration of this RKO film about camp life in Raj Raj. Playing for the comic of heads is very good that takes a wonderful message of the racist film. It's not that the creators were a racist, but this was a British concept at that time, including our help and Gunga Din shows this more effectively. The British took India in addition, making deals here and there with the local rulers under the weak king of Mogul who had been lost in the mid-19th century. . Their rule depends on the natural forces you see here. Remember that soldiers can not lift on the title of Dinal and Gunga Din is much lower in the situation than that. Look here that rebels are really Hindu, not Muslim. There are many problems of this religion if there are Christian groups and this fight of war was quite real. Of course those who are cotton can have the same view as free. But until India's independence movement, until the Congress party became, these people were the voice of independent Indians. But yet you beat a piece, beat people is not a good thing to do with the British were sure they were also here. When I look at Gunga Din, I think of Star Trek and the reasons for the first orders began to be. Cary Grant liked to play himself cockney himself here here instead of Cary urbane we've been seeing it. Fairbanks and McLaglen are doing very well with their roles. The best characters in the film are Eduard Ciannelli as the principal, the head of the strangler. Remember the fire and suffering in its performance, he blows everyone off the screen when he up. <br /> <br /> Favorite location in Gunga Din is Ciannelli to encourage his troops in their mountain temple. See how Stevens can make at least a history around Ciannelli until everything you see is eyes and teeth like Halloween's mask. To win, fear and very effective. It was right after the action of this film at the end of the fifteenth century that many more and more British people began to question the basic ideas that confirmed Raj. But that's the Gandhi issue. <br /> <br /> Gunga Din is still a beautiful, entertaining and interesting film. It should be displayed by Indian and Gandhi Path and you can show how the Indian independence movement has changed.
