Three friends, all members in the British Army, carouse & brawl their way to Imperial India. Very loyal to each other, they face their most serious and deadly challenges when they meet the worship of the unseen worship and its destructive cult. Now they have to rely on the very small servant of the army, the carrier of water GUNGA DIN, to save the marks of the Queen's soldiers due to certain killings. From the top of the Three Wasketeers than Kipling's Kipling poem, this is a wonderful heroic - enter worthy of the gold hand in 1939. With doubts and humor, while keeping romantic interludes to the standard The lowest occupied, is to eliminate the interest of the viewer and has the right to (sentimental) conclusion. It is difficult to talk about the performance of three stars, Cary Grant, Victor McLaglen & Douglas Fairbanks Jr., since they are actually a third of one organism - inseparable and for every purpose & purpose, unknown . However, this is not good for any great pleasure in just looking to have a glorious time. It is amazing to realize, for the generation, that McLaglen boasted about the World's First Worldwork, Fairbanks would have to record Sterling in the Second World War - especially in the matter of secrecy and find himself no less than 4 noble honor after the war , and while Grant has been reported undercover for British Intelligence, you look at Hollywood Hollywood followers. The pieces of truth here should go to Sam Jaffe, breathe the heart in the role of the head. He offends a humble person with great respect and dignity, making the last line of the true Kipling poem. He can not be remembered. Montague's best love as the head of government, while Eduardo Ciannelli is the Evil Evil as Thuggee guru. Other cast, Joan Fontaine, Robert Coote, Lumsden Hare, are effective but they have nothing to do. Modern mavens recognize Cecil Kellaway a small role of Miss Fontaine's father. <br /> <br /> The films of the worst targets also. devils Thuggee worship, hideous worshipers, blood-soaked Kali, Hindu goddess of destruction, was the bane of Indian life for the 6th century, ritualistically strangling up to 30,000 victims per year. In 1840 the British army, in conjunction with several leader states, succeeded in suppressing the religion. Right now it will remain things of novel & dream.
