Anyone who has a little boy in the house who can't watch the black and white film should find this on their television set. When the child is going, wondering what everything on the screen is screaming and shooting, they tell this is an image for adults and it's not big enough to look at it yet. That will hold him there for a few minutes; director George Stevens and his team will protect him to the end. I think my father did it to me, however, and I am the best person for it. This incredible adventure film, set in India during Britain's work, consists of three of the Military Army that finds their unified effort to be made if someone prepares to marry her partner. Help comes in the form of Thuggie's rebellion which the soldiers find themselves fighting against. "Gunga Din" was one of the biggest movies to be seen in Hollywood's best year, 1939. Even more than many big movies from that year of gold, it is entertaining in a quick and accessible way. The theme of the theme is nirvana terrible. During the shooting in California, the camera function (the only thing in the "Gunga Din" selection of Oscar) has a strong wind speed that you feel like Raj's one hundred years before. The war of the war is being fought in a real way, not violent but it is very aggressive if people fall and hit and run in all corners of each shape in a way that feels real, not made like Cecil B. DeMille of Biblical slaughter. <br /> Script does not just set up action scenes, it also develops the relationship of three sergeants and great dolls of humor. The main goal is Sgt. Cutting, follow many gold stories. It is a rare action to Cary Grant, and its light is just right for a film that never takes seriously seriously even if it develops a suspense taut. Anchoring trio is Sgt. MacChesney (Victor McLaglen), who plays on her Annie elephant and tries to protect the cutter from her brain projects. He is just wonderful in his own way, leaving Sgt. Ballantine (Douglas Fairbanks Jr., pointing to the beautiful Errol Flynnish dash) as the one who has a love interest and insist enough to know he needs his children's bottles to grow. If "Gunga Din" was a movie of Life, it would be about Joan Fontaine's efforts to save her husband from her two lost friends and their crushing skull. But since it is a boy's film, the emphasis here is how the three should stay together and save the Ballantine due to the fate than death, not only the marriage, but as the player is angry several times, the tea business also. > <br /> Political legitimacy is difficult for this film, not for sexuality but the idea of ​​British soldiers to save poor Indians from Thuggies. It reeks of colonial apology. Surprisingly, this film was restored when, and the producers did not see the need to speak openly in the film of the film, that these three government officials, full of pride and tribal lies, should be saved together with their own army and humble bicycles to be one only three of them had any time when they wanted their approval. After all, for all their glory, the true sacrifice of the film involves the character of the head, played so much with the heart by Sam Jaffe. <br /> <br /> Back to this film, the movie mogul Jack Warner had to say: You want to send a message, use the West Union. However, it seems that the message was flying fast and severely in "Gunga Din." I am looking at the film now and I wonder if the audience back then they meant to ask what Gunga Din was true until he led the Cutter to the gold temple. Was he really planning revenge against his British fighters? Would he have the right to do so, especially for the treatment of cold MacChesney? When Col. Weed will give the trick, the poem of Rudyard Kipling, which the film appears freely, had the soil in the folk leadership of the kingdom, to rule over a man who confirmed "a man better than me" in the end? What did they do in the great speech of the Guru, which was presented in a comprehensive English language: "You have vowed that the soldier might die for faith, which is your country, UK. Yes, I can die for my country and my faith as easily as you ... India, return. "It is also that the same character describes his brutal supporters:" Kill for the love of kill! Kill for Kali's love! Kill! Kill! Kill! " for we are allowed to hate and root the British, and save questions about what it means for the future. <br /> <br /> What "Gunga Din" means to me, most of all, is the fastest, certainly a 90-minute ride on the video. The carpenter had never found his golden temple, but there is one of us all looking for "Gunga Din."
