I would like to give this 10/10 movie, but in its current position I can only go to 8/10 buttons. The post-Code layout (read: destroy) of this film allows 2-point stress. Based on my limited knowledge of film history, Baby Face was considered to be one of the two movies that finally broke the camel back and brought full anger and implementing the Production Code in 1934. (I don't know what that movie is It was.) As a result, the movie in its natural body was not allowed to be re-released after 1934 It was cut and edited by bits, and no previous version known to exist today. The best we can see today is the edition that TCM (Turner Classic Movies) shows, but that has been easily changed in several instances, and has a very "desperate" end to the end. All of the above is said, the film is still good found good and a lot of fun look. Barbara Stanwyck is, as always, quite amazing and amazing. He is so beautiful and powerful; he owns the entire movie! She plays a woman who has been used by men for the rest of her life, starting with her father who searches for Erie's metalworkers, PA with local politicians in quid quo qu 'if you don't install speakeasy I will leave you sleep with my daughter'. When the father dies in a fire blast near the beginning of the flick, the smile on Stanwyck's face is worth. <br /> <br /> After fire, Stanwyck leaves Erie and his maid and goes to New York City. She puts her stations on a skyscraper and starts working on the top. Starting with the clerk of the HR department, she sleeps with him to get a chance to get into the bank. From there, he sleeps with a man after man after man (including very young John Wayne) using every new man to help the country pay more work on the top floor of the skyscraper, and the older men are increasingly sugar. Stanwyck will leave anything going up. It is a great pleasure to see him and his handmaid in the most advanced clothes and rooms as Stanwyck does his work up to the corporate level. Stanwyck is the last female fatale, who works, she-vixen in this flick! If you watch this film, I recommend stopping when you see the character of George Brent (Courtland Trenholm) die Stanwyck weapon. Skip the remaining 3 minutes or so! "The end of happiness" was hit by the end of the film for the audience after the Code scars the minds of the audience and the more crippled beliefs: members of the bank board are sitting next to the presentation table about Mr. and Mr. Trenholm million of the dollar contribution to the bank and how they live happily but poor in Erie, together with the former VP Trenholm who work in metal industries - cutting for a real picture of the metal plant that we saw during the beginning of the film - "End". PUH-LEEZE - HOW TO GET! The original movie ended with George Brent succeeding in his attempt to commit suicide. I think the end resembles a better movie situation than being hit on the post-Code post. And I certainly hope to publish the original version of the Code of this flick during life (update: previously proved and should be out of DVD and / or TCM in 2006!). Until then, I will enjoy the TCM version and delete it before the adoption of the Ome-o Code.
