This is one of the most important concerns of the film called "Pre-Code" films made in Hollywood during the 1930s. Unlike the Pre-Code films that have frequently appeared in subjects that have not been allowed after 1934-5, the film this has fully enriched itself in a very serious plot of fun from the beginning to the end. The most common behavior of the late 30 and 40 years was definitely not apparent in this film, as the film is essentially about a sleeping woman who sleeps on the top - and without apologizing on the way. This "broad" all enjoyed sex and used it to everyone who could help her get rich - something that she has never seen in two or three years later. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Barbara Stanwyck works in his father's speakeasy. In addition to being his boss, he is also his son and encourages him to sleep with a local government officer so that he can allow a healthy bar to work without care. While it's not clear here, it looks like Daddy has been "hiring" the body of his daughter for a long time. However, after almost raping and attacking this man by breaking a bottle of beer on his skull, Barbara has had enough and leads to the capital. It is not hurtful that he still struck and killed his father, but his feeling that he was involved and had nothing to show for it was seen to be a move to move. <br /> <br /> Despite Depression, Barbara uses sex to work on a large bank of mega. He starts a very good job as a file clerk, but in the place of what seems to be just a few weeks, he sleeps from one job to another until he sleeps with the head of the bank and his future son-in-law !!! That all has an end in the tragedy, but Babs does not seem to be excited about the deaths of these two men. In fact, sometime later, he can get into the life of the new CEO and once again up (perhaps more than one). Now to date, this is a wonderful movie because it was gentle and unrepentant. Barbara played a 100% sociopath - a non-moral woman with no conscience - just a desire to reduce the huge amount of life if she could not care who hurt in the process. However, bold and productive writers "came out" and thought it was important to consider the end of redemption. Considering that this woman was very rude and debate, her heart change at the end was a great desire and has been taken over by the film. In many ways, this reminded me of the end of JEZEBEL - once again, the evil man “sees the light” and changes in a very unexpected conclusion. My counseling is to try to view WOMAN-WOMEN AND THE BACKGROUND. The woman with the head of RED-RED is the same as the BABY FACE but they don't have a magical transformation feature at the end - the leading woman is skunk down deep! EXTREMELY WORK, many films such as the Great Grandmother's wife, roles are changed by someone (John Gilbert) has the same behavior. They are both normal and better than this film. This film is a wonderful film of the shortest Hollywood films that are often seen and with this light it's good to see with Cinephiles. Also, Duke's fans are aware - John Wayne has very little in the film and it is very common to see Wayne very young playing a normal role.
