BABY FACE is one of the best "forgotten" films before the code. It was shown last night after the 1931 edition of WATERLOO BRIDGE at the NETWORK TURNER CLASSIC, so I was able to watch the movie as it is now and four minutes and again. Stanwyck lives in the Middle East. Louis (where he may have known the parents of "Myra" - Mae Clarke - in WATERLOO BRIDGE). His father is Robert Barrett. She has lived with her since the death of her mother, and (in the restored conversation) has been asking her since she was 14 years old. She is now a tribal minister and a young woman at her speakeasy, her close friend being Chico (Theresa Harris), African and American servant Barrett continues to humiliate. It is one of the two beautiful points of Stanwyck's personality that keeps standing with his father about Harris, and threatening to leave if Harris is dismissed (and for that is a grubby crew like Nat Pendleton, who enjoy seeing Stanwyck to serve them, instead of a hint of hooch he serves. among them in, Barrett has his obedience. <br /> <br /> The guy whose issue of speakeasy is often Stanwyck likes is a professional and professional technician Adolf Cragg (Alphonse Ethier), who finds great potential in a strong girl if he just leaves his home. He also emphasizes the philosophy of Friedrich Nietzche, and the idea of ​​power. More about this later. <br /> <br /> After he knocks out into political political (Arthur Hohl), and it has to move with Barrett about this, still blast kills Barrett, and enables Stanwyck to leave his home city. He and Harris are going to New York City, able to get free transport to a road freight car with a brakeman (James Murray). Reaching New York, and after walking on seeing Gotham Trust Company (established 1873), and friendly protection tells where the staff office is. <br /> <br /> We slowly watch Stanwyck climbing the organizational levels at the top, the same (but sleazier) than Robert Morse witnessed how to flourish in the business without true TRYING. But Morse was a man in a man-headed company. Stanwyck knows his sexual orientation is his weapon. He goes through John Wayne, Douglas Dumbrille (part of the film that I always felt is more horrible - just enthusiastic - when I look at it), Douglas Wood, Henry Kolker, and finally George Brent. Everyone ends up falling for him, and either being pushed away when it is no longer used, or destroyed by him. Brent, the new President of his grandfather's Bank was founded, finally married her - and the film crisis is when the economic situation of the bank is shaken (especially after Brent buys her fortune in the jewels and gives her a valuable bond). Brent is acknowledged. Will he catch him? <br /> <br /> FACILITATOR DEFINITIONS: One thing about these unacceptable films is that the presentations and presentations of the time still mention the end. At the end it was Stanwyck sailing to Europe leaving the Brent with his destiny, but knowing he could not do it, returning to his home, and finding him found himself. She stands with him to the hospital if he is the last. Now before the image was found, the film ended and it seemed to give all the money to the bank to save it, and to remove East St Louis, to live happily if they were poor. These are the best ends. Stanwyck should continue his destructive path, and the last Brent of his victims. But even without the office of the Breen authors of the script (one is Darryl Zanuck, by the way) he saw well that he would find a moral center. He does not - at least none of the strong people (who hates). I do not think that the audience of depression could tolerate such a conclusion. <br /> <br /> There are other problems, due to public change styles and changes in society. It was the world of man in the corporate world in 1933, so Stanwyck does his job to reject him. Wood (when he is dismissed with injustice) admits that he did not want to work. But in 2006, Stanwyck would be finding a woman everywhere. In the film there are bad words, the exhibition (for sure some basic for envy) towards Stanwyck from other authors and female workers during its rapid rise. In 2006, she would have been in contact with the older women on a regular basis, and she would see them rejecting her on her feet very quickly. Of course, if it gets one or two it is an elite to try that road but it is doubtful. And it also seems to never meet men who are gay. They have male male workers in business, who could not give him leg on his feet or breast. Then there is his mentor, Mr Cragg. Cragg is faced with a "overthrow" version in an attempt to make him want a moral center. In fact he causes Nieztsche, but the way (in a broad sense) the Nazi Minister stirred Nieztsche - find your way to strengthen and push. When Nieztsche made the power at times, not all of it and the end-all of its theories. Otherwise no one could read him today in college courses. Cragg is clear to learn, but only half of education. In short, if a person who had read the entire Nieztsche fighting Cragg would have made him a half-silly fool. And this is a mentor of Stanwyck! Good film, and for that day has a value of 10 ... but very strong.
