"Baby Face" is the correct melodrama around Barbara Stanwyck very little, George Brent who doesn't know very much, and Theresa Harris. It's about a girl who goes to town to do well ... or I should say when you do. Stanwyck's father has been asking him for one reason or another all his life in dingy, sad, Erie foul, Pennsylvania. After his father died, one old man who knows what he was going through and cares about the future will advise him to go to the big city and take the opportunity there - and not easy - and take a highway in life. (See that I have seen the version of reflection and non-fiction - this part of the film was made again by censors.) She and Chico (Harris) are going to New York where Lily (nickname: Baby Face) decides the lowest road and finds where she wants go faster. In the most popular film area, the camera makes us a cooperative level to take us from floor to floor as Lily sleeps her way up. Finally the responsible person is responsible and may leave his work day. The trouble follows, and soon he is involved in a big scandal. Stanwyck wearing lots of lots and for many of the films is cool as a cucumber if he cheats one person after another without sadness, and he is great to play innocent victim. In one area, he resides in the compensation of the king in vessels when wearing black clothes which looks like decorated with diamonds above. Then he asks Chico for another case, and that is filled with more jewelry, as well as collateral. All in the work of the day. <br /> <br /> Theresa Harris was an impressive talent - she can play down or delightful, and was a skilled singer and player too. Here, he sings or brings down the theme of the movie, "St. Louis Woman" around. He worked in several movies and is very good here as Stanwyck's friend, his best career being in the last era. As a wonderful code of code, black people were often given a little bit to do in the film after being placed. Images of precode can be worse than sex and therefore, although it is 70+ years old, it looks more sophisticated. Although these films were not the end of ethics, Baby Face learns her lessons - how if life is after all. There was an end to this film, all with the same message. The one I saw had an extra place, but it seems, there were two other breaks that didn't go through censors. (There was no code but there was always censors.) At any rate, it's a good surprise. "Baby Face" is an important film in the history of the film - you must see.
