Although we know how the story ends, this is a flying-over-a-wall film that is close to political excitement. During the storm before the storm, we meet Hugo Chavez as a charismatic, bigger than a man of life who has a mixed relationship with mestizos who makes 80 percent of the population but have been locked up to the Venezuelan political process and its wealth oil. He looks like a commitment to them as they are to him. He travels faster, reaching the campaign, using large groups, hugging and kissing ordinary people, accepting letters on paper, and hearing hearing for help. People are happy that one of their number has made it the highest office in the country. There is a sense of electrical optimism and hope that change for the better comes to the growing barrios. But not everyone enjoys the situation. The pure retired blood of Castillian Spaniard who are a few but previously controlled all the wealth is full of bitterness and hatred. One of the most hilarious moments in the film is when surprise Ann Coulter, at a meeting of residents in a special gated community, complains of mestizos, "they have no idea of ​​fighting or commitment." Minutes later, the speaker tells the "precautions of your local staff - they can be Chavez followers." Duh! Of course they are. In the night's interview alone with the film staff, Chavez shows something of his soul as he says the story of his grandfather. He can be a quick, rhythmic person, though he has a sense, even a clownish, a sense of humor (as we have seen when he spoke to the United States and called Bush devil.) <br /> <br /> Then the storm will begin to gather power as organizers of a coup. for mass protests and voluntary driving their supporters in changing the way for the last minute and moving on the presidential palace, knowing it is surrounded by supporters of Chavez and violence is inevitable. Another aspect of the plot is found there as snipers on the roof to start a fire on Chavez supporters, some of them burning back. The inside of Fox News shows this fire back and claims that Chavez supporters are murderers. Then the camera turns back and shows that no protesters - the road is empty! The protesters took a different way. Of course, the footage of an empty road transformed by Raidly's TV's Chavez TV stations (which had been frequented by the propaganda call Chavez's mind and postponed sex at Fidel Castro.) Once the fight, we see journalists and its media propaganda masters boast about the TV about how they did this with carelessness for the lives of supporters and opponents alike. The filmmakers continue to be in the heart of this chaos, the rapidly changing situation like the fight against the military around the building and threatens to hit the bomb. Chavez is finally volunteering to avoid bloody but refuses to resign and is offered on the coastal island where the bird tries to take him - where? United States? What? The remaining members of the cabinet can avoid arrests and defeat this weapon of right-wing members and wealthy businessmen who have a close relationship with Bush administration? Look at the movie and find out! If your knowledge of Hugo Chavez and Venezuela comes from the US media, then you don't know anything. He is not "an unprecedented pastor" and "cannot rule by order" - well-known, after being elected and elected several times and more than 60% of the vote (something that George Bush Junior has never succeeded) and a volunteer motivates ordinary Venezuelans to ultimately The cause of failure failure. <br /> <br /> This is a fantastic film about a wonderful person in a strange atmosphere. The ability of the film writers is to be unobtrusive and allow the story opened through the voice of Venezuelans each level from Barrio to the presidency of the state, horrible events, chaos and chaos which full of unity shows that it is time, riveting and moving. You don't have to miss!
