It is very rare that you get a local view in the media fraud that has been widely recognized as a "fair" official and finds a lot of "news" and their trousers down. This modern, in my view, deserves every price there is journalism - it's a goal (yes!), Courage and "truth". It can do without comments, artificial scenes or leading questions - everyone, including the same Chavez gets to make themselves foolish with their own words. Film artists "alone" had to keep track of events and keep their cameras on. Venezuelans teach us "How to lose the President and sell it as a democracy victory". It's amazing that they lost the end - so far. From what I know, the main television station is only given its international license, it is still broadcasting via cable and satellite. I'm very doubtful if George W. or Barack Obama will be patient after trying to fight. But then, they are not worried. The fact that "Chavez supporters attack innocent civilians" scandals repeatedly repeated in the world shows how interesting the so-called "free" (solid) media has been, or has always been, just more. An important lesson for anyone who is attracted to what is "sure" is going on in the world. The most challenging "focus" always comes when journalists oppose a common view, or give an unacceptable fact that they are "we" - has been true with the impact of atomic bomb, US history history to propagate "democracy" worldwide or the Iraq war which, according to Johns Hopkins, has killed 1,3 million Iraquis at present, not to mention the 60,000 Afghans (in 2003) that have never been named. To be aimed, Saddam Hussein was less likely to destroy his people than the United States. And America is ready & willing to destroy more Iranians that he had. I wish very much about the next case of the Khmer Rouge leaders before the International Court in La Haye, if there would be any mention of our "participation" in helping to teach the guerrillas of Pol Pot in the years 80, when they were largely defeated by Vietnamese. Probably not. More than just turning to independent media in proportion, if not access to fraud.
