One of the best documents released in recent years. Some points ... <br /> <br /> 1. Hugo Chavez was elected president of Venezuela in 1998, his support is largely from the poor regions of Venezuela. In 2002, the revolution was hit by Chavez briefly. At that time, Irish film managers Kim Bartley and Donnacha O'Briain were in Caracas, opening a document on Chavez for British TV. Their film creates a revolution and its tracking, and writes a history of history in place, out and within the presidential palace. Chavez focused on free Venezuela from free market policies set by the US. Although Venezuelan oil was already owned by the government, it was operated on private benefits by administrators who Chavez wanted to take place. Despite being the world's largest oil service provider, Venezuela is still experiencing poverty, its resources are completely protected by foreign international organizations. This document begins with showing the first years of Chavez as president before fighting. It focuses on its popularity and the poor, and its various policies that have been seen to be popular for the workforce (education programs, fuel supply, root democracy etc.). Chavez was a major participant in education, and published thousands of copies of Venezuela's constitution, encouraging children and adults to learn and understand it. Chavez when he came to power, he immediately promised to redistribute the oil benefits. This, wisely, made oil companies to worry. <br /> <br /> 8. The media battles exploded. Six private TV stations began to challenge the state television station. They had Chavez arguments, purity and sexual orientation. <br /> <br /> 9. Without the support of the media, the revolution was unsuccessful. The film makes it clear that groups rely heavily on the media to spread information and information can be made easily. 10. Under the example of "strengthening democracy", the opposition finished the government television station, dissolved the National Electoral Council, the Supreme Court, Parliament and took military control. The financial interests, supported by military scholars (promoted by the United States and CIA), organized public protests on the presidential palace to affect the revolution. Snipers shot out of Chávez supporters, but private media centers have been photographed so it seemed that the return of fire was based on the protests that were actually closed for security. The police continued shooting against Chavez supporters, more than losing the road. <br /> 13. Chavez, imprisoned, refused to resign. Of course the media / government then lies, saying he had resigned, but members of the council council of Chavez declared the truth to the international community, which subsequently received a message to Venezuela and cable TV. The people left, insisting the return of the elected president, whose only referendum could take a constitutional position. 8.9 / 10 - For a little more than an hour, this doc is very short. However, it is a piece of news journalism and deals with the type of "media battles" that are rarely touched. Makes a good piece of friends on "Algiers War". <br /> <br /> Likes to watch one.
