I will look at 2 reviews in general because I feel that it should be considered, and checked. When I talk about 'film' I talk about part 1 & 2 together when watched one after another, as they should. Thank You Jon Anderson, Steven Soderberg & Benicio Del Toro. This video is a fun, confident, emotional and realistic film. And, it hears a new style of film. No faux displays. No track of the swelling sound. It's not Faux style style. Just clean shots and attempt to connect to reality. I have been reading "Che Guevara" of Jon Anderson: The Revolutionary Life "and recently completed the Fidel Auto biography, and this has helped my ability to spread this film properly, but I find that it's a full and wonderful biography of Jon Anderson that has given this film. The right historical history back. Anderson was an adviser on this film (or these two films). What makes this film a real thing is that it is clean. There is no swimming music or a slow motion to add a drama, and Even more important, there is no fake writing form. Just shots square and front shooting style. The type of cameras used makes it feel there in the jungle. Che in all the film ... not once. He did a good job and I will respect him forever for this. Some people complain that the film deals only with 2 pieces of his life a not all. But I think this is one of the most beautiful things of this film: not trying to be everything. It doesn't try to 'tell stories'. The life of a person is also known to try and tell them in 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32. This is one of the beauty of this film, refusing the temptation, and it focuses on the purpose of allowing us to get a CHE POWER, OUTCOME TRAINING. HIS DEVELOPMENT AND TRAINING. It focuses on 3 pieces of time: War up to give us Batista, Che's U.N. and Gorilla preparations in Bolivia. "Motorcycle balls" has already told his boyfriend, and I congratulated S. Soderbergh for taking care of other things instead. I continue to mention Jon Anderson's book and the film stays true. The only weak link for me is to throw (not performance) of Matt Damon. In a film exhibited by realistic, American American, (Matt Damon) playing Bolivia is a clunky stretch - it does well, but after much care in the cast, this was a top site. Small and completely forgiven. The fact that all others give you, and especially the wonderful work of Benicio Del Toro, make this film on my list. The fact that this film went so close to the video saying something about how the war of the cold war that never allowed 'revolutionized Cuba' to be what could be, still in the work to keep the story is quiet. If it is not out of breach of confidentiality, then due to the effectiveness of the well-designed propaganda that has caused this theme. <br /> <br /> This should see the film, and "Che Guevara" of Jon Anderson: The Revolutionary Life "must be read if you want to start getting an awareness of early effects on the international mind set on international expansion / The political chess financial stage of 40 years, 50 & 60 which put the right pressure on our South American neighbors, and the effects were strengthened.
