The most amazing thing about Che: the second part, when we start to connect with Part One in our thoughts, is that there is no clarity of why he chose to withdraw from Cuba after the revolution, no direction for his experience in Congo, no clarity for what he chose Bolivia as its subsequent ban on the ban, nor did he say political decisions that made it as a boy riding a motorcycle across South America, which Walter Salles has made great experience. The incredible goal is available to Che to meet volunteers who accompany their guerrilla groups. However, no effort is made to isolate them as individuals, to establish relationships. He is a pointless reason. Che provides no inconsistencies in the past. But there is no feeling that he is directly concerned with his men. It's a concept. In part 1, in Cuba, rebels are welcomed by villagers, given food and coverage, supported in what is becoming a winning revolution. Here, in Bolivia, you don't understand much. Villagers dismiss him. They protect government soldiers, not themselves. When describing the loneliness of the state medical system, his listeners seem less interested. You can't lead people into a revolution if they don't want to consider. Soderbergh shows U.S. military counselors. they are working with Bolivia, but it is not wrong for the United States to Che. Che seems to have done to fight against him and where he wanted to have it. <br /> <br /> In demonstrating both battles, Soderbergh does not create its own war events as actions and special results. Che's men attack and are attacked. They change fire and rebel rebels. There is usually a ward in the group after the fight, the death has not stopped. This is not a movie of war. It is about one vehicle that one can consider. There is no concise presentation. Soderbergh seems to be established for Che. There are visceral shots of wonder, but that few of them are more powerful, such as Che's POV shot during its last beats. There is a lot of area, where these men live for a week at a time, and all the effects that are used by languor, Guevara himself has a part of malaria at that time. <br /> Benicio Del Toro, one of the film producers, offers the performance of the champion, not because it is normal. He is not shown as a cutting edge as many epic heroes. In Cuba, he comes out of victory, Bolivia, he falls on the other side, and is often difficult to distinguish the back of the tangle of the beard and hair. Del Toro does not show identity as a view. You can imagine the film is too long. I think there is a real reason for its width. Guevara's story in Cuba and especially Bolivia was not a series of events and drawings, but it is a function of staying power that can be called insane. At the end, whole or part of the movie is a movie of the business, which his director begins with understanding the innate limits in the biography of movies and working on the steps in such ways.
