Part II or formerly known as GUERILLA, is also a good success but not as entertaining as SECTION 1 because this is where we start to witness what could cause the death and death of Che Guevara. Once again, I am fascinated by the reasons-and-effects that both parties have in their corresponding stories. We are constantly reminded that the character of leadership, Che Guevara is Argentina. Some of the men in Fidel's army chose not to receive orders from the visitor and now that Che has chosen to leave the comfort of the progress and revolution in Bolivia, they have little respect for his new army and locals, just because he is a stranger. <br /> <br /> The technical aspect goes, I think Part II would be more useful if before everything else, after displaying the map, will show some of the key elements from the previous unit to improve memory on its characters and what he did, making the audience understand why his techniques were successful in Cuba but not in Bolivia. It is now clear in this section, that Che is not as charismatic like Fidel Castro. In Bolivia, he deals with a group of soldiers whose hearts are not in him. It is said that the revolutionary link is love. Well, they do not get much of their land so hard to sell. It is so painful and difficult for Che to get others to buy in his vision. I like one place that shows the state of the deterioration of Che, the place that his horse did not go regardless of how Che is trying to lead it, and then his anger took him better and for a while there, he forgot he is a doctor, and he becomes a desperate soldier who strikes his own horse. His army is like a horse that does not want to be led. But at the same time, the film refuses, it depends on the small size from the common surfaces that you will only notice for short and large entertainment, you get left and right for one obstacle after another, but maybe that's the purpose of Part II, if so then it is definitely working. Ovation stand for movies that gives us the first person to view when Che's last breath. This movie cannot answer the questions why Che Guevara was very stubborn, why he was determined that he could remove it even the scope was against him and why he wants so much South America to have the same situation as Cuba but the CHE movie is a legendary story to tell .
