It is amazing to me that I've got the courage to look at bio or flicks "Che: Section 1 & 2". Why? Because if my Cuban departure parents would have known I saw this film about the heavy killer of the Cuban revolution, I would have been the foundation of life. Hey wait? I am an adult, unable to stop me. Director Steven Soderbergh, and newbie commie (sorry Steven, but I had to take the shots on Sodom here) divides the movie into two parts on Commander Ernesto "Che" the revolutionary Guevara revolution. "Che: Part 1" shows how Che in mid-1950 joined the guerilla employees of Fidel Castro in their efforts to revolutionize President Fulgencio Batista's Cuban government; which as we all know was the success of their revolution, but the guerilla disaster of many Cubans as it happened in Communism. "Che: Part 2" shows Che try to try to fix the T-Shirt industry by hitting T-Shirts with its bad face-to-face face to T-Shirt manufacturers. Okay, I've talked very much about your way! I meant 'Che: Part 2' focuses on Che in the 60's trying to restore the revolution, this time to Bolivia being injured by poverty, but with very different results. In fact, Che ended up being dead meat while he was captured and killed by militias Bolivia's 1967. The Soderbergh does not live in the time of the two life events of Che when he ordered the La Cabana jail jail in Cuba, where many people were killed Cubans who opposed Communism. That's where I think Soderbergh lost the right to film to show them The viewer how Guevara was very sympathetic I decided to decide "Che" in the hope that Soderbergh did not want to pick him up, but instead he witnessed how he saw us. Unfortunately, Soderbergh did not make them last and sadly decided to release Guevara as a hero of the Revolution, which was not. He was a sick person who thanks God now is probably under the devil's barrel. It is now necessary to mean re viewer and must admit that the performance of Benicio Del Toro as Che was very ordered, and deserves praise. And that Demian Bichir was a dead player like Fidel Castro in his good performance. But the "Che" rest was a short demonstration of actors who show Guerilla soldiers. And as I praise Matt Damon, why does Sodebergh throw him into a mixture of revolution in Spanish coming to show the Bolivian servant? Soderbergh did not present this biopic which is "very talking and not enough" in 4 hours and 30 minutes. We've had a lot of Ready, even after tracking and shirts of ignorance, why we give you a lot more? But I think when you have Del Toro and the horn (as you did here Steven), I think it's your grace to save to not implement it completely "Che: Section 1 & 2". *** Average
