I have come to see Guerrilla, a two-part biopic of Steven Soderbergh of Che Guevara, without seeing the last film and without more knowledge of the life of Che. At the same time I was worried that this would be a subject of great history and an unpleasant letter of the coup. If it turns out, this film has gone beyond my expectations. Gerrilla works very well as a normal film. Che's story of attempting to lead a revolution in Bolivia, then under military control, is a compelling disaster. The original influence of the Che's clan of arriving to lead the guerrilla war is lost as unfortunately follows the unfortunate. Obstacles against anti-revolutionaries. US to support the Bolivian army, a hostile situation in the rainforest, the defendants of Che's health are some of the problems that attack the rebellion. Soderbergh's Definition of Che largely meaningless, but this film is not hagiography. The strain is easily disturbed, with a false and effective voice with Alberto Iglesias adding a silent game to many events. Che no doubt is a film center but there are very few of his face and we are encouraged to see people fighting with him and sometimes against him too. Where Soderbergh wants to show the characteristics of the che we see in the small sessions such as the full acolyte who opposes two colleagues when he asks Che, leadership he insists the sacrifice he had left behind in Cuba to fight again with revolution. > <br /> The direction in it is very good. The second part hears a solid published despite its narrow focus and can talk a great deal through the image without the need for the author to explain things to the audience. At the beginning of the film we see short clips of strong parties in Cuba after the revolution, once it gives us ideas of why Che would devote its old life to fight again in other countries. Later, the guerrilla show around the rainforest is seen as an amazing place and helps to create a sense of great work before a small revolutionary band. If there is a problem with the film is the distance between the viewer and Che, which, although it allows us to understand the circumstances of the rebellion and people around him, makes it difficult for us to inform him as well as a person. True, Benicio Del Toro is quite persuasive in the lead role? so very difficult to remember that you are looking at an actor and not someone himself. However, looking at Guerrilla as a typical film means that we are given very little understanding in what constitutes Che, thoughts and actions. We must hope that this is more advanced in the first part of the biopic of Soderbergh (I can not comment on it yet), and certainly the power of the two parts makes me expect to see the prequel.
