I sat both on Che's last night, back and breaking the short bathroom, and I can't remember when the 4 hours passed by quickly. I would like to devote myself to a week earlier because I have 'real thing' about directors, producers and editors who continue to put more breathing, more than a long epics in front of us and I feel that in general, 2 to 2.5 hours is the same as the movie. So 4 hours seemed to extend the limits of my patience and I was very worried about the whole business. But I will say before that this is good? Can I say with love? made a film and I am very happy I saw it. Director Steven Soderbergh should be commended for the transparency of his vision. The war show can be if you were shooting yourself. If there is someone on the planet who does not know, Ernesto 'Che' Guevara was an Argentine doctor who helped Fidel Castro to destroy Fulgencio Batista through the Cuban revolution of 1959. When I was a child in the 1960s, Che's picture was everywhere; on the bed-bed beds, on T-shirt shirts, on newspaper coverings. Che's picture should be one of the worst ever. If popular images should be relied upon, then Che was a very good man, a romantic revolutionary. If he has been bad, should I say if he would be very popular in public opinion? Of course the death of young people helps. The movies have been done on Che before (especially the 2004 motorcycle tours that have attracted Gael Garcia Bernal as a young boy, going to South America and seeing the devastated poverty made his Marxist politics) but I don't think anyone has ever been focus on the whole story from beginning to end, and this two parter is a hub project. I hope to pay for Soderbergh but I can only think that the instant commercial success could not be higher in his mind. The first (The Agentine) movie shows Che to meet Castro in Mexico and follow their trip to Cuba to start a revolution and then travel to New York in 1964 to handle the UN. Black and white color pictures look like a modern film but not. The second film (Guerilla) resumes in 1966 when Che arrives in Bolivia to start a new revolutionary movement. Movie second is done almost completely in the forest. To a great extent I can see I was shot in Spain but still I can believe it must be very interesting to the film. Benicio Del Toro is the best as Che, the part that appears to be playing to play. Personally, I felt that Argentina (one part) was very easy to look and more 'leisure' in a strict emotional movie, because it is upbeat. They are winning; The coup will succeed. Che is in its role to lead a different group of farmers, workers and academics because of the revolution. The second part is very difficult to look for because of its inability. In the same way as the recent Valkyrie - when being a good movie - it was a practice to witness the competition of the hero, so I felt similar to the two parts of Che (Guerilla). We know at first that he dies, we know he fails. Unfortunately because this method is being told, it is fairly early on that the revolution in Bolivia is being punished; Che is seen as an intruder of foreign and fails to connect with natural people as he did with Cubans. He insists on the weaknesses that are happy to see because I felt that he should know when to abandon the move to other companies, perhaps more successful. The movie does not romanticise it very much. He kills people, he runs, he struggles with his asthma and follows the long-lost cause after stopping and moving, leaving a single wife to bring five fatherless children. <br /> <br /> Overall, the best exercise in the tribal decision of the movie. Remember one; As I watched the Bolivian soldiers who were taught in the United States leaving Che and his group of direct fighters, it reminded me of the end of Butch Cassidy. I almost turned to my husband and said so, but I hesitated, I think he could get such ideas and out of place. When we left the playground it turned to me and said "Do you think the end was like Butch Cassidy ????????????!"
