Four West West District Anthony Mann made by James Stewart, this involves a heavy cattle farmer named Jeff Webster who takes a cattle car from Wyoming to Alaska through Seattle. He drives down to Seattle with his partner Ben Tatum (Walter Brennan) and Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen) that he has sent ahead of time to make the trip to the boat, north. But first, he has to focus on unusual hands, deceiving marines and coy trophies, Ronda Castle of Ronda (Ruth Roman) who believes Jeff might be a valuable partner in the future. That is why he hides out of the boat when the captain is looking for the first murder (and the right) of the second hand. Jeff also has the unfortunate run of Judge Gannon (John McIntire)) who runs the town of Skagway, Alaska. Gannon has canceled Jeff up by destroying his public hanging by driving his cattle through the city. He reduces Jeff's ownership of his animals and Jeff just has to eat for a while. At the same time, Jeff agrees with Ronda to Dawson to provide materials. But this is just ruse so Jeff, Ben and Rube can return to Skagway and steal his cattle back. Of course Judge Gannon knows about this and is back behind but it is delayed by Jeff for the gun when Ben kicks the cow on the Canadian border outside Gannon's reach. After avoiding invasion and other bullets by other men of Skagway, they finally reach Dawson where Jeff sells his cattle to the highest striker, which just happens to be a Ronda who then establishes a new gambling house there. Dawson. Jeff then takes his money and buys himself claims and starts to start with gold. But Judge Gannon comes to Dawson to go into the gold stage there, and tells Jeff that he was flying a little with Skagway and wants to try his luck in Klondike, himself. . That involves bringing together a suspected hijacker and forcing some of the claims of another miner. Jeff and Ben now feel that it is time to get rid of the good success, leaving Rube to make himself as the worst sheriff against Gannon and his group. They are looking for a way to return only to the men who are worried about Gannon's men because Ben made the mistake of opening his mouth. Ben is killed and Jeff is seriously injured but that does not know Judge Gannon for his reasons. The last shot at the end of the night on Dawson's very muddy road takes care of it. Jeff first kills two of the best gunman of Gannon (Jack Elam and Robert Wilkie). Then Ronda goes out to tell Jeff that Gannon is trying to lose his back, Gannon takes him back and he dies there in Jeff's hands. Then Jeff kills Gannon while hiding under a wooden road. Vengezi said. <br /> <br /> This is west of the other western western high and NAKED SPUR and MAN from LARAMIE. Why the Universal DVD uses pan-and-scan magazines instead of using regular print TCM, it's more than me. You will be losing half of Alberta's movie and William Daniels. So if you like the western 50s text, then this is a list of A. <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10
