Most of the studies I have read reveal that most people are like Part One better than Part Two. I feel quite right. Part One played very closely and tried to find different ways to show the personality of Che Guevara through different types of films, different places, and cutting back and forth between the interviews and the Cuban revolution. For the most part it was closed with fine but somewhat confused. In Part Two, Che comes to Bolivia, and includes changing geographical location, rules and structural changes. Gone are spacial jumps and switching between stocks, "memory writing" and events. Instead, we are now involved with Che in a dedicated environment, which is not available where the only people who are under the most burdened with their lives are nothing but living. I explain that it is a dark change of the life of Che which is the real reason that many people prefer Part One to Part Two. The changes in geographical area also mean, for me at least, that Che: One and Che: Part Two is, in fact, two second actions of the action of the action started with motorcycle diaries. Motorcycle balls are Che-come-age (or more appropriately, come to ethics) in Argentina, Che: Part One is its military leadership in Cuba, and Che: the second part is its departure in Bolivia. These movies do not really reflect his life (we do not know his experience in Guatamala and, more importantly in my opinion, his post-Cuba killings), but he makes a very thorough investigation into the complexity of character and its nature as a symbol of the world. He all denotes the idealism and the need to fight for the oppression, and the failure of the revolution in the third World of World War after the Great War and to prevent activities such as um, Cd medals. But, however, all of these are expected on the screen in this case not in a long way of discussion and dialogue, but in a more interesting way, of Che's suffering at the end of her thread and her life . Again, the law has changed, and in this case it is difficult to say if there is any chance of success at all. The number of cameras shows real people hit between rock and hard and long-term isolation, it takes a long time to involve the audience in jail details, a place of spirituality, where the revolutionary faith eventually ended up taking second to the desperate people killed they starved to death. It's not just an easy to watch film, but it's very effective. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
