Direct tracking from where the story is left in one place, the second half that puts on telling the inevitable fall and the worst side of one's inheritance is the same. For direct comparison with the first element, the second part represents the transition from Che's pride and the glory of the conquered land, to Che? Who works for the calf of the country that had no previous relationship. Change setting is not only interesting; from the autumn and spring of forest forests comes to change the voice and heart to the element, and replace the precursor of the precursor to the stupid, strangled and misleading reality associated with all new fights. However, if Che would continue to tell herself? The fight is well described as a fight. While Part One was supported by a document that began to be so strong that the revolutionary fight was found in the same way, the second part takes the most refined, unfriendly and powerful part of the life of Che and its desire, and gives a picture that shows that it is pain and pain in a visible way, easy to understand. When the sound of the film on the other side has been lost and it varies greatly from Part One, however, there is still a saved method that was taken a month ago that ignores the melodrama and manufacture as much as possible. This far and cold way to tell the story of Che and the fight will certainly turn other viewers; in fact, I am still saved on whether if the feature itself should have a name after one person? If anything, the life of Che, is generally taken, provides a story that goes beyond the biography and instead of human warfare together with those who helped him take it along the way. Not how Soderbergh attempts to draw a human picture here as Hirschbiegel did with Der Untergang ten years ago (extraordinary exemption); Che is a moving approach, stored and reflective to describe the history of history that just happens to be counted by one person who certainly did everything. However, by migrating from green to the Cuban landscape and returning to the degraded, degraded, Bolivian part of Part II, the story takes a completely different voice that does not even feel itself from its predecessor but it makes enough to give its own points. Here, the basic structure of Part One is mentioned again? There is a preliminary struggle, war, dead members and employers of those who choose them, all the time we see the person behind the movement. However, if anyone who has a fantastic idea of ​​the real history of the same thing will know, Part Two is planned to put an end to more focus, and an exciting note. This distinction, with the parallels of Part One, makes the whole and memorable; by all means, both can be closed one of them (and kudos to Soderbergh to succeed as well) and enjoy as they are, but considered as one statement, Che provides exactly what it puts in order to achieve. In fact, everything that made Part One respond to that was a month before it was still clear here because of the yet subtle exhibitions emerging from the center of a slow building, planned fighting stadiums? The role played by the characters on the screen is as unknown and unknown, but with a feature like this, the second part again proves that avoiding such things is not necessary to hurt the film when there is enough conspiracy to reflect on other things to keep the viewer involved. In fact, after writing this review I was explaining whether we should only add a paragraph or two to my previous review of Part One, and mention that review in general, but I felt that doing so would only serve to surprise those who could sit under watch both films in a row. And so he said, I can't decide whether or not he is involved in the work of involving the audience for four hours as well as time of flight, but after checking all the pieces I can prove at least the ability of each part of doing just that. For a screenplay, a concise and photographed photography and ineffective efficiency which makes justice for the film participants without engaging in themselves, Che Part Two is all compelling and labeled as its predecessor, but this time for amazingly but exciting, confirming the appropriate conclusion to the pages of film history. <br /> - Jamie Robert Ward Review (http://www.invocus.net)
