The second part grows ... it's not where the last film is finished. As a common part of the 4+ hour event of Steven Soderbergh, two stories of Che are told as the "Climbing" events and "Fall" of the usual. In Part II, Che Guevara, leaving her position as a government officer in Cuba and after a failed attempt in Congo (only through adoption in the film), goes down to Bolivia to try and start a revolutionary way to jungle. Things do not like much as planned well, perhaps, because of the same Che's reputation as Communist and revolutionary, and partly because of the participation of the American side of the Government of Bolivia, and of course, Castro was' really close like back behind Che. <br /> <br /> If it goes, the second part of Che is sad, but in some ways it is wiser than the first part. It is a trivial matter, as Guevara can tolerate misconduct from her men, betrayal from those around her, from time to time to grunts and close farmers, and finally closed, a strong military force. But the sad thing is that Guevara, no matter what, can not give. One can see this as a mysterious force or a bad flaw - perhaps all - but it is also clear how one begins to see Che, if not quite fully more round, then as something of the most tender character. True, he killed, and was killed, and he felt sure all the way. And it still begins to work with the viewer for the first level of compassion; The sequence where Guevara's health dies without medication, leading to the horrible pain of the horse, marking as one of the most memorable and satisfying any film this year. Also, Soderbergh's order of information is powerful, if, on occasion, it breaks a bit (understandable for a lot of time), and only one or two events feel quite unusual (Matt Damon?), But these are small debts. Going this time through a direct camera, this is almost as a picture of a military battle, is described by a great service for men in the group, as well as Guevara as the Lord-over this group, and how things drop down the area the last. And as always, Del-Toro is on its game, in every area, each beat to know this person well - for the best and worse - that comes as close to the model as possible. In general, two parts of Che make an impressive fund: history like drama in a compulsory style, good for the audience even if they don't know Che or, better, if they don't think so much. That's special. 8.5 / 10
