The most commonly spoken American movie in the 2008 New York Film Festival is 98% in Spanish. The long-standing controversial film began at Cannes Festival. There was an advertisement of love hate, and a great concern about business prospects. As the comfort star, Benicio Del Toro, got the best award of Actor there. I'm talking about 'Che' Steven Soderbergh 'of course. That is the name run by this version, shown in New York as Cannes in two-hour plus groups without opening the document or the last document. 'Che' is definitely correct since Ernesto "Che" Guevara is located almost every area. Del Toro is surprising, dependent on trust in a thick and thin way, from the days of the triumph of glory to one place to the months of failure of humiliation in two parts, enjoyable and easy in all its manifestations, even hiding as a bald man to enter in Bolivia. It's strict performance; The one you want to have a good environment. If you have enough patience to stay more than four hours, with a maximum of two parts, there is a prize. There is a very realistic feeling - fortunately Soderbergh made a film decision for Spanish (although some actors, abnormal in English particularly, are timber). You can get a good summary of the fighting, Che style, it was like: teaching, recruitment of campesinos, values, discipline, difficulty, and fighting - with Che's gradual morphing from the company's doctor to full-military leader fleeing. The use of a new diameter of 35 mm diameter of a 35 mm diameter "RED" camera of the "digital high performance" camera which had been found during the opening of the movie enabled DP Peter Andrews and its staff to produce pictures that are cool, but when another still singing, and is always bright and smooth. <br /> <br /> The movie is in two parts - Soderbergh calls two "films", and the program is to drive them as well as. The first is 'Argentina,' indicating Che's leadership in the jungle and city fights which led to the collapse of Havana at the end of 50 years, and the second is 'Guerrilla,' and concern Che failed attempts nearly ten years later in Bolivia leading a revolution, a positive message that led The capture and implementation of Guevara in 1967. The second part would have been the original film and first written and, I think, shot first. Producer Laura Bickford says that the second part is more exciting, while one part of the film is more of the action and the many bonds of war. Yes, but both are very much - in large quantities - since they all spend most of their time following prisons through a bad country. Destroying the decline since Bolivia's collapse was lost since the beginning. A group of pilgrims who tried to lead did not receive a friendly permit from Bolivia's campesinos, who thought foreign, and thought of Cuban Communists as non-faith fighters. There is a third part, a black and white ceremony organized by Che in the United Nations in 1964 and interviewed him at the time, but is examined in the first section. The first part also has Fidel and is increasingly increasing, leading to a victory in Santa Clara in 1959 which led to the collapse of Fulgencio Batista dictatorship in Cuba. 'Guerilla' I continued to think how this could work as an excellent European fashion model, which could start with a reduced edition of 'Diaries' of Walter Salles and continue to take us to a Fueli meeting of Fueli in Mexico and register on the 26th of July. There may be a lot more about his extensive trips and diplomatic missions. This is far from the full picture of man, his childhood interests in chess, his daily interest in poetry, books he wrote; even its international reputation is touched only. And what about his bright, bright side? What really Soderbergh is more interested is not Che, but a revolution, and war wars. The long-term effect that 4 hours + departs is a walk through the forest and jungle with men and women injured and sick and dedicated to the cause of the abolition of the rich. Someone was reminded of the Terrence Malick's 'Line Line', and yes, the way to fight the war, is the same; but 'The Red Line Line' has powerful characters (for hardly anyone appears in power rather than Che), and it's a very good film. This is surprising, but it is not done by the bad, the effort. This work of many years of bitterness, which is widely known of love (how many more of the Sea should come to pay?) It is vain project, too long for the regular release of exhibitions and for very short time for small service. Radical editing - or great expansion - will make it more successful, and if it's a long slog, especially in the second half. It is clear that this slope would have been planned below, although it is not quite clear the form which the film will take would have taken - but by little chance it might be quite good.
