With a clever maneuver over everything from the clashes in Cuba to its entry into Bolivia, two parts of the Soderbergh image of Che Guevara are those of the awesome hero. Like and Che? Part One, the fight for the battle of the military in the mountains of Bolivia is possible to give people more desire than it would be reasonable, and why the film (and especially the performance of Benicio Del Toro) was very interested in Cannes? James Rocchi, for example, called it, a work of art, "not just a revolutionary story," but, "a revolution within and itself." Peter Bradshaw's Guardian called it the "lost hub." I go back to my previous conflict with Part One? that the value is located mainly in the image of the hero. And in the age where there are competitions of poor heroes, do you? Would it not be safe to see a very respectful person, even if he was dismayed at the lowest of his life? This is a psychologist who was introduced by Scottish scholar, Thomas Carlyle, in his seminar, Heroes and heroic worship. Heroes can be real or thinking (or somewhere in the middle). But it should really encourage us to achieve higher targets, higher goals. Compare this with the non-true 'heroes' of the traditional Western story: where one tries to experiment with suffering before getting an unreliable prize? The most common love or wealth wealth? as to the intervention of God. Real heroes have moral courage? Not Lost-Boxing or James Bond-toys super-toys. They rise, and make others rise up, better than them. In Part One, Che is successful. In the second part, he fails. Not for wanting moral courage but since a) not all good plans can succeed and b) being human, mistakes are inevitable. Guevara's intellectual clarity is a mistake when describing conditions that guarantee warfare and the situation that makes the fight of weapons can succeed. It is wrong. <br /> <br /> Top of the mountain from La Paz, the colors are breathing. There is a legality of authenticity which is not often in Che - Part One (the United States will not allow Soderbergh to make a film in Cuba). Eyebrows are enhanced by increasing natural light and rigorous change and authenticity provided by the increase in the land of RED RED. This is a high-performance camera of digital camera with a high quality of 35mm film and ease of digital cleaner. Designed for flexibility and performance, the package spreads only 9 lbs. "Shoot with RED is like hearing Beatles for the first time," says Soderbergh. "RED sees how I see ... so it is organic, so it's very good for the normal circumstances of the events". "If Che is standing with the Cuban successful revolution it would have been standing with him in secret. That he fails in Bolivia does not only show that he has human demolition but that it is his moral qualities that he remembers, not a political victory. - that his armed struggle led the characters with a good reputation to achieve the dictatorship of the dust. His development of military tactics is not good or bad for themselves (and has since been used for both), but for all its merits, films often It seems to be lacking in both the news and the story. We stumble from one camp to another, knowing that he will eventually meet his death. I found myself looking at me and I think it would be short. But the work that has come in here? Former Guevara members for co-operators at Bolivia's minutiae work? A delightful achievement. It cannot be a top flight flight, but it shows the trust in the memory of an important piece of history. There is also another very important step in the Che 'hero' figure here. It's about failure. That if you are striving hard, even if you fail, your efforts will not be free because it can give others hope and courage. One can say that it is a witness of 'witness', and it is, of course, in many religious figures too. But Che does not 'dedicate' yourself. He does what he does well, with the power of his indifferent abilities, and provides an example. Success or failure of any example becomes a brief description. <br /> <br /> With the long-term US and blockade of Cuba (all in the name of 'liberty'), I am tempted to write that Che Parts 1 & 2 is very good to disappear for the US But that would be welcome The collision that the film has wanted so hard to avoid. One should hope that many viewers will have the ability to see Che without politics and generating opportunities. In any case, it encourages Soderbergh from a shortage of marine animals. . There can also be many people who have, and can.
