Now, of course, I'm not a smart student of that kind. In fact, I have always tried to avoid the West because, despite all their important stories like the first story of America (or whatever), they seem to me that ever be in the taresome retreads of either "shoot up Injuns," "big gunfight," or "Hey, let's make a chance!" In other words, it always seemed to me a kind of kind that was wrapped and closed to the contract, that left a little room of value for surprise or nature. (And yes, I have seen at least some of the so-called "greats", and effectively enters them into this bad evaluation - including Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, Darling My Clementine, and of course it is very bad [but very poor] Clint Eastwood - Sergio Leone is looking in 60 years. But when I saw this movie on TV - as part of the weekend of Jimmy Stewart on his death - I finally IT IT: I understood, at least in theory, what the Western mythos has to offer as a major historical problem (far from just the action and thrills.) It is a push-pull between insurrection and imports; West America represented independence, but also wild prospects, which were not made. Honest people can hurt out there, which, in fact, means that maybe - perhaps only - it did not mean people of respect, and that only residents should be journalists and supporters, those who gave strict justice from their rebels, and where or to kill or kill without being a land law. In that case, of course, the real heroes are those who are retired and free enough to be out there in the first place (and therefore refuse "society," at least if it appeared on the East Sea), and still have the right to fair rights to believe that a society derived from chaos and fear is not right. Catching and exploring the difference between the law and the disease IN CHARACTER RIGHTS own is, I believe (after seeing this film), the highest target and truest of any West. Unfortunately, it is often not a case, if a white hat is whitish white, black is quite black (and let's start talking about Indians, ok) and there are small gray shades in the middle. <Br /> <br /> Not here. Jimmy Stewart vows the unfortunate hunter who follows the way of miners before going into the Alaska desert to expect gold. He has been involved with this with his lifelong friend, played by Walter Brennan (probably Western character of cliche restraining them all - but nevertheless enjoyable here, as always) - and no one else. In fact, they are out for themselves, and when Stewart shows his copyright charm (come, we can never love a guy, now we can?), We are left with little doubt that he is essentially self-centered, self-characteristic interested: none of the "Gosh" or "Oh golly gee" humanitarian is allowed to come through. Or, instead, it has to be interpreted, at the end of the picture, by the way I described above. He has to deal with the evil in himself, and measure against the need for systemic and rights that are not very common in the border town that is used as a starting point for miners on the dusty road. The city is being dominated by their bad sherifi, Mr. Gannon, played by John McIntire in one of the best performances of "bad guys" I've ever seen. He comes with many charms and humor, and he has a very good and interesting relationship with Stewart, in fact it takes time to realize that * it is * a bad man - so that eventually he gets in, it does it with double power. Additionally, by introducing a type of respiratory (if necessary) the balance between McIntire and Stewart, the film has a sense of how close in the state of reality - and so how far distance Stewart should walk at the end of the film. I can't go all the way and turn the plot takes - see those themselves (with a beautiful and beautiful landscape of Alaska - set in the area, interested, not cheap printed yet that the label is designed). The important thing here is how this story focuses on character, and a good conversation with the cooperation of the character rather than a time-consuming gunplay - although the film has only enough action and adventure to prevent from ever being static (read: "talky"). Certainly one of the major exhibitions that I have seen from Stewart, pointing out can play a rebellion, "man of man" because of the credibility as a good and honest person. If anything, in fact, its attributes "everyone" gives them greater potential for its reputation, and makes it as little or more like, say, Eastwood or John Wayne - and more than three people. His relationship with Brennan is played well: caused, but even touching (with the consciousness of George and Lenny's from "Mouse and Men" - a completely different kind of "western") <br /> <br /> I certainly have and more West see, but this is now I love it, and the field that I will judge all the others. It deserves better and more known than it is.
