From filmmakers who brought us to March of Penguins, I think that came with many expectations for Fox and Child. From the mild winters of the South Horn and the lush desert in France, the description now becomes part of the text and part of the story, which describes the friendship between the two titular characters, Renard fox and his friendship with the child who has registered, played by Bertille Noel- Beuneau. The story is very simple, and sometimes this movie would look like many Japanese movies that various animals are having a friendship after the development of honesty, and how they might almost depend on each other, and dealing with opponents and loved ones. Here, the baby meets an elegant fox next to his house to the mountains, which gives a good shot of a beautiful photo card that the movie producer deserves to enter. entering into a wistful environment, the characters can not establish that level of loyalty from the beginning, and we have to wait a couple of seasons, and 45 minutes on the film, before you get the food level. The child strives to attack the collateral for the purpose of strengthening the creature for its own amusement, but the fox, well, like other true ideas. When I thought that the story was too weak, unlike the March of Penguins which has the human interpretation of what is happening on the screen, what has come here is part of the film documentation, tracking the life and times of the fox like the animal, and the prey. <br /> <br /> Out of two, more tension and drama was given last, especially when dealing with traditional enemies like wolves, to empower them, the layout of those were fairly intense when the child got limo in it. Otherwise, it was clear a ship with a full bearing if both of them are going to play them for each other, in shots that you know they have found some magic editorial films. There was an amazing dark time in the films that were actually quite suitable for children, as those in the hall are shown with their eyes out suddenly, so parents, you may want to take note and not let your tread distract the movie movie goers. <br /> <br /> Like the film, I would like to have this a complete documentary full March of penguins, but I think the way is hated, probably had the goal of warning us not to interfere with nature, and that some things are not just mean, should stay as such. A good movie that depended on the power of chemistry between Bertille Noel-Bruneau, and many foxes that played Renard.
