THE FOX AND CHILD is a recent film from MARCH OF PENGUINS PLAYER French film Luc Jacquet. The movie, which shows only one person in its cast, the little actress Bertille Noël-Bruneau, tells the story of a rare relationship, although it seems reliable between the child and the wolf. <br /> <br /> Part of the part-documentary nature, and part of the story, the film focuses on L'Infant, a child, who on his way to school one day comes the way of wolves in a beautiful environment, perhaps France, although the exact location is never mentioned. Over the next few weeks the child reaches the place where he saw the fox with the hope that one of those days will say the fox, who begins to call Lily again. And so it continues. The day turns for a week, and then the summer will disappear, turning and falling and then winter, and promoting some of the most beautiful cinematic scenarios, cool white. Finally, the spring comes again, and the little baby gets its fox, and actually makes a friendship with the animal. And so on. <br /> <br /> I had little expectations for FOX and CHILD. I had seen him in the Southern Hemisphere and I was just scared in the films of the film. Luc Jacquet is a good talent, and in fact he is a film player, and I anticipated the most beautiful performances, breathing exhibitions, widespread vistas and wildlife pictures. This was released in spades. But here Jacquet has a credit writing screen, and without knowing anything about the movie before the investigation, I expected a little something different from what was previously seen 'March'. Story story. <br /> <br /> Baby and fox And the story is simple. A young child, who seems to be alone, lives in a house in the middle of a place and goes to school, seems to be alone, every day, seemingly indifferent to a seemingly ideal world. Without the taste of an adult in front. Brilliant. So he makes friends with a fox. <br /> <br /> For this film, you should delete your own movie views and jewelry in audience shoes. This is a film that has a direct focus on children from age, I could say, six and above. Or for families who like to go to movies and reproduce them on Sunday one Sunday afternoon. Not a 31-year-old man who gets kicked out of the film as recently, brilliant WANTED and so on. But, I have become a critic of Newbie London, I put myself in the shoes of a eight-year-old girl's excitement for 95 minutes or FOX minutes and CHILD. Now, I have several problems with this film. As a 31-year-old boy, and a faithful lover of all movies, I loved wildlife and photography. It's an amazing display. The attitude of the animal characters is carefully executed - as you get in any Attenborough effort. As a priority, a short term of eight years old, I liked about the first half hour - then I lost interest. It is repeated a few times in terrifying and bloody areas for a small child, especially at the end of darkness. As a 31-year-old man - I was a little afraid in places. Wuss. Therefore, it is not a child film. It's not really an adult film and I felt a bit allowed. What? It is a good family film. It depends on. It is perhaps education, and the film carries the message. It is obviously not a film I will pay for a hard green to see and I break my brain to try and suggest for a certain type of goer film. It's hard, but I know others will go to see and fall in love this film. It is very Europeans to feel and certainly if you are a fan of wildlife flicks, try it. Uncategorized? I would like to wait for the DVD on Sunday afternoon rain. - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008.
