I really wanted to love this film and I don't think I was very disappointed. Being an American History teacher, I felt responsible, almost, to see this film and away from the history that went, it was not bad. Certainly there were a few mistakes here and there (especially with the schedule - the movie seemed only a few months or maybe a year - not more than six years of real fighting), but the general spirit of the film and war The order was better. Unfortunately, the movies also included a good-for-nothing discussion and difficult to believe romance between the poor patriot and the rich Loyalist. For many parts, it had always separated from the general plot and it seemed only "considered" - as a plot of conspiracy rather than a real romance of loyalty. In fact, the amount of romance burned under the "cliche" of "love for fist forward", was the kind of more angry than I think about it. However, despite this love, the film is interesting and stimulating — together, in many ways as possible as a future film, PATRIOT, was copied from this Griffith film! Both films followed the use of the evil leader fighting with the UK and using a rough and rough tactic against civilians - and all have a secret intention to use this as "springboard" from their nation in America !!! The only difference is that this film is installed north and PATRIOT was in Carolinas. It would certainly have been good if Mel Gibson and others had accepted their debts by D. W. Griffith for the story of the story. It does not seem that it is possible that these two stories are created independently. <br /> PS - With this popular film and other Griffith films, he is again worthy to "burn in hell" by having white actors show all Black servants in the film! This is something of the patients and the biggest that Griffith did in many of his films - especially in BIRTH OF A NATION. I gotta assume according to this and the way she shows Black that it was OK-for slavery and was completely apologist for "small institutions" (nor angry about me - this means as a shock).
