I waited until July 4 to write this for a reason. . . well. . . because it feels right to do this day. 19/19/0 / D. / Griffith needed to hit, he did not have one great since ORPHANS OF STORM (1921). He was working very fast since then but his movies were small in scope and failed to contest the right with the audience. He was making a film about Patrick Henry when he had contacted the US Women's (DAR) women who asked if he could expand his ideas to involve more than the American Revolution. This movie is the result. When he finished he had a history of history 14 and there was no comment on Patrick Henry anywhere. We all know the story of the Revolutionary War but Griffith gave us a story of love with Patriot Nathan Farmer (Neil Hamilton) who loves Tory aristocrat Nancy Montague (Carol Dempster, a woman who led to Griffith for many years). Worrying things is the fact that Nancy's father hates Nathan. . . well not just Nathan, he hates all rebels. It is not worth while, during the shade on the Lexington road someone tries Nathan's hand to make him take his gun and injure the father of Nancy's father! Telling the story of love is (especially true but partly stopped) The story of Capt Walter Butler (Lionel Barrymore) a British intelligence official who feels he needs obedience to anyone. And thousands of Indians form six nations on his side he hopes to crush colonialism and become king of his own kingdom. <br /> <br /> Comparison of NATION (1915) is inevitable. The Montague family can also be Cameron from the original film when Nathan could be part of the Stoneman family. The War of Bunker Hill War happens in the same way as the BIRTH OF A NATION and the attacking army, in this case Redcoats, drives a river full of Servants. The only thing lost is Henry Walthall who is active in the Land of Anyone to make the flag into the seal of the code. Surprisingly enough that the wars of the United States seem to have no energy in war events in BIRTH and fail to draw local viewers. Something is missing. Not scope, G.W. "Billy" The function of the Bitzer camera is quite good. Maybe what is missing is. . . The desire to say. . . Truth? Capt Butler's violence and her men have been reinforced though much is happening for long or offscreen bullets. Don't expect any head to keep it as close as we saw INTOLERANCE (1916). In the second place of Butler's command, Capt Hare (Louis Wolhiem) opens the eyes of a colony. We see only the beginning of the act, for the remainder of the camera focuses on the face of Hare as she has certainly has a good time to do it. Lionel was working with Griffith for a long time since 1912. The story goes to be near Griffith for work with D.W., knowing the reputation of his famous family, he said "I do not employ the actors of action." which Lionel replied "And I'm not kind of kind, sir!" She does a very beautiful and real villain. Louis Wolhiem appeared with Lionel's older brother three times; in SHERLOCK HOLMES and DR. JEKYLL and MR. HYDE (both 1920) and later in TEMPEST (1927). Like Capt. Hare's eyes of stars and hair caused not only to mention him as a villain but to make you think he is mad too. Neil Hamilton later said the US was the first time on horses and "I was afraid to die." He hides his anger very well though we can believe he was equally at the time of the shot. Mr. Griffith was very fond of Carol Dempster and once asked him to marry her. He refused and soon left his stock company, after which his star status gradually decreased. Speaking of horses, when one of the combinations of crashes that had to be unscripted came during Paul Revere's trips. He stands his horse to the front of the family to announce "With weapons! From time to time!" but if he tries to leave the horse he can not discuss the step back and remind him to drown his guests down! I wonder Griffith did not take another to take. <br /> <br /> So is the American classic? YES! Don't wait for July 4 to see it, it's fun at any time.
