Young beautiful Eva (Hedy Lamarr) marries an old man (Zvonimir Rogoz). Unfortunately he cannot handle sex and hate him. He is disappointed when he goes home and decides to divorce. Then, one day, he climbs the skin in the lake in the middle of the trees. His horse climbs his clothes ... and runs after him! He meets with a very small and very beautiful Adam (Aribert Mog). They do love and he knows this is a person who wants to. <br /> <br /> USING SPOILER !!!! Normally, since this was done in 1933, he would have to be punished for his sin so it leads to a terrible end. Last finished player !!! These people were afraid in 1933 but they are similar to today's standards. Hunting for Lamarr does not give anything and when it rides for the nude altogether, or is displayed by a long shot or is covered with branches and such. There are just a few shots of her breasts. Also when he has sex with Mog, nothing is shown but his face but you see him coming to the orgasm. These areas were considered too much in their day and were completely cut off by the US. Now they are coming back. This movie could reach PG-13 easily now. Scary horizons alongside this are the same. It is locked in beauty and there is close to talk. Except for this color logo can be a silent image. Fortunately all actors are good - Lamarr and Mog especially and they are very impressed that it takes your breath even to look at them. Also the sequence where they love love is one of the most striking in the film and the series I have ever seen in the film. The incidents of sexual intercourse (there are quite a few) are very lucky today. I really started to combine one time! Therefore, good patterns, beautiful pictures, attractive actors, good act every way - but I had no one copper on it. I got a slow-moving film (a beautiful picture does not make me an image), a little, clear, quiet and unpleasant end. I can live with the end but it has no excuse for other problems I have. Also the last sequence is truly amazing - and out of place. So I enjoy this film more than anything else. It was well done and I would like to suggest but with caution. Many people seem to love this movie so I am limited. Use your own judgment.
