In 1930, Europe was shocked when Luis Bunuel's 'L'Age Dor' was released, causing a shock in Paris at the time of testing there, causing it to be banned for something like forty years. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe was shocked, it was once again turning to the ear 'Ekstase', a symphony (type) of love. The film showed a young, unknown German named Hedwig Kiesler, who would later change her name to Hedy Lamarr, when she moved to America to avoid Adolf Hitler's spirituality, like Eve, a bride who just took a cold, away from an unloving husband (played by Emil). Jerman), just discover that he has made a big mistake. One divorce later, Eva loves free and loves free and comes out one day, going into the lake, knowing Adam, good, little engineer (played by Aribert Mog) who takes the real idea (and he, she). After the wild night of passion, the old Eve's husband returns again, hoping to win Eva, just to find him now has an opponent. I can't damage what is going on. Czech director Gustav Machaty (who led the original version of 'Madam X', another example in romantic fantasy) leads from the screen of Jacques Koerpel, Frantisek Horky & Machaty, from the novel by Robert Horky. Beautiful movie film (which reminds me of Avant Garde's photographer, a picture of Man Ray of that era, which goes to the use of light and shadow sensation, a lot) is Hans Androschin & Jan Stallich. The editing of this film is Antonin Zelenka and the art of the film, which goes to look, next to Art Deco, is for Bohumil Hes). If I have a quirk about this film, it is a symbol of music, and Giuseppe Becce, which goes on top, melodramatic feel that gets a quick past (some theme is constantly repeated again, has been welcome, quickly --- kind like some of David Lean over the use of certain music themes, especially in 'Lawrence Of Arabia', and 'Dr. Zhivago'). A few years ago, a new copy of the product restructuring built with the best source material, has been taken together from existing European versions available, returning to what is likely to be very close to what was previously seen before the Vatican claim to be "" (Yeah , the right ... if the Church did not do anything, and the Hayes office refused to ribbons, it was finally released in the United States in 1936, in the "Hayes" declined office. Short conversation in German and English subtitles (it meant to be a visual experience). It has not been counted, but has an interesting spectacular area of ​​Hedy Lamarr's skin (carefully considered, with some) of the sexually suggestive content (similarly) that could not get the PG-13 charger, today. It is worth checking if you have interest in the original European movie, or Avant Garde / experimental movies
