I can't comment on this film without discussing its importance to me. As a healthy baby he prevented me from any time to go to the movies. I first met with the movie at the end of WWII through Roger Manvilles Penguin's main book "Film", which helped me so much fun if my health began to improve that I would like to buy other copies to read again today. My introduction to many popular films such as Potemkin's War, Drifters (a great document document), Metropolis, the Cabinet of Dr. Caligari, and Ecstasy; came first through this book and later in my movies of the University of Art. Ecstasy had provoked the Vatican's anger, by approving Eva's denial of Emil, her future divorce, and for a short swim he took in the buff, but Roger Manville ignored these trivial things and discussing the film as a winning win, good, amazing love - view displayed by many IMD users. The little boy, when I saw, I willingly accepted. There is no more chance to see Ecstasy left until the introduction of home videos - so it was a reference to a treasure that will not be disturbed. Recently I added Ecstasy to my video collection at home and found this very high evaluation. Ecstasy is the most beautiful example of the survival of human life, which individual life is not enough - perhaps a tax for why Bernard Shaw in his agnostic quarrel called 'Lifeforce'. Ecstasy shows a bride marry a middle-aged man whose sex is no longer good. Discouraged, he returns home and separates him. Once you get a great experience for a young boy who meets when riding a horse. He loves love for the first time and is a good experience. Her ex-husband cannot cope with the rejection and give the boy a lift in his car if he wants to continue the train that will kill both of them at the crossing level. But the train stops for a while and the sick driver seems to be taken back to a nearby hotel where he later commits suicide. After this exciting ethnic, bland, predictable and inevitable process emphasizes that when human human life is characterized by joy and tragedy, together life continues to carry us all in its path and only to contribute to this stream we can be and really happy. This story is true, acting is not more than enough; and usually the film would have disappeared into the trash, as was the case with most people of his time, past. What has given Ecstasy its classic status is a unique cinema, a continuous sign of the love of so much love, as well as something suitable but in the words of the cinema is very important - it was seen only after the introduction of the voice and probably organized as a silent film. It is small and its name and its Director has used the effects of short-term contexts with many titles, and often breaks the symbols that lovingly carries the film. This makes not only the closest but very happy look. An example in the story is emphasized by continuing but with the craft that only when you think after seeing it is a person who knows it well. For example, names - Eva and Adam; The bad behavior of Emil's wedding night which shows that the triviata has been the most important thing in his life and predicting his suicide frequently because they do not have enough purpose to take care of him; a continuous series of good order depicting spiritual images (a bee that makes a flower, the key to the lock, a break-down during the beautiful Eve's sequence of Adam, etc.); and the last suicide procedure that may have been done in many different ways but serves to expand the importance of individuals doing a particular work that contributes to the Society's well-being, as well as creating a new life to develop this society after we have ourselves. <br /> <br /> Like the 1933 film I would like to test this at 9 - even compared with modern work I can not reduce this down 8. For my film always remain "must see", (although you may feel that my details of above above shows freedom in this judgment. Unfortunately in North America the modern review of this film has been distorted by the 1930 extreme reaction to the Hedy Kiesler's very short and low-cost area that had difficulty living under Hollywood (some critics who have not seen the film ethnicity like hypocrites, Hula, Return to the Country of God, Paradise Paradises or some of the early DW Griffiths and CB deMille works, even falsely referred to this as the first appearance of the nude actress in the film film. This area was probably the original novel, and the film would be very different if the Director chose to write again. <br /> <br /> Two more ideas; The first is a Czech film released in 1933. His last message about the hard work that produces good profits for the community must have been very visible to his audience when a few years later their country became the first victim of Nazi oppression and was destroyed by at least a generation two (I don't remember this series is only displayed after the war when I first saw this film - they were removed from the copy I saw then?). Second for me its main message today is that things of real beauty are often common even though their memory can stay with one for life. We should be grateful that today some of them can be captured on the camera and viewed again with our ease.
