(There is no need to fix the plot, because others have done so already.) It is understandable that many viewers criticize the film, revived as we have and slam-bang sensurround of cineplex experience of today. In this case, the film as Ecstasy seems to have moved from another planet. I think there are several good reasons why. More importantly, the film is revealed poetically, as the camera pans slowly over neighboring mountains, trees, clouds, etc., giving the impression of the natural world that connects man and woman into it. Together these expose the style and direction almost completely missing from today's technology-based cinema, where quick fireworks work to stimulate the audience and ignore it. Additionally, stories are provided by the eye and not by the ear, and almost no talk to explain what is happening. This is similar to another sharp departure from the real price of today, where images are only seen to count when exciting audience. But perhaps the most unettling - the movie sometimes quietly, not for the silent film is quiet since we expect to be. But in that the characters do not talk often when we expect. Thus, the story of the story is split between the filmmaker and the viewer. The former should choose their pictures in beauty to convey the details, while the latter should think about the pictures, as they will not be said. <br /> <br /> Nothing is planned to decrease today's film. It is only to show that the film as Machaty comes from a very different color from the one we have today. I don't think it is better or worse. However, I say that Ecstasy represents a great view from today's film experience, where these 'reflection' values ​​are constantly being dismissed as slow and interesting. The film itself is not the hub, although it sometimes reaches the artistic height, as in a well-established garden beer and its last gane increases to reveal a good table below. The slow pans of the country and the pantheistic ceremony of life, nature, and regeneration has also expressed with wonder. These are the types of events that did not stop you, but instead - given half-chance - to accumulate quietly in experience as memorable in its own way as a form of spine-cycle "Jaws". On the other hand, the film is sometimes a heavy load, as when Macchem is photographing pictures, especially in the last series, ode-to-labor. It's hard to know what to do with this presence rather than distracting. Perhaps the example is related to the position of a hero whose hard work holds the hero of love and people in general - the theme then promoted by the most influential Soviet movies. Still, its presence here is rather made. However, I must admit that I realized I had previously seen Hedy LaMarr good at buff. But now we must admit that in the process I also got a lot more than just peek-boo-romp in the forest.
