Ecstasy (1933) (USA 1940) The material of Hedy Lamarr (like Hedy Kiesler) <br /> <br /> The first view of Hedy Lamarr's 19-year-old world occurs at the beginning of this 1930 treasure when she blows close screens in the wedding gown of the wedding. This was the beginning of the story work. This was our introduction to glory for the most beautiful woman ever for the grace of the silver screen. It is the Eve's wedding night (Lamarr) and her husband's husband seems unapproachable in her romantic development. He returns to the bed of his own and, in a beautiful place, he joins his wedding ring as the realization of his marital mistake overcomes him. The man is more interested in purity and commands than he does with love. Gustav Macchem uses a tiny camera with a common shot that creates catching the talent and the great beauty of Lamarr. With the words spoken at the beginning of the film, he can understand our compassion, our hearts and our help. It was a mixture that organized 1930 listeners for what they could see if the film was revealed. 'Ecstasy' seemed to be surprising in his time ... Some thought it was a scandal. <br /> <br /> Returns home to his father's property and file for divorce. The next day, he wakes up with a full sense of freedom and happiness. He should go out and feel the freedom of the country and fresh air. Eva goes on a horse ride and happens along the beautiful lake. And in one of the most popular events in the history of the film, Hedy Lamarr became the first person to appear nude in a great film. His frolic in the forest and his adventure of hitting the lake in the lake was a legal scandal. But the audience could not stay away. As with most modern movies, strife made a film - it must see. The awesome awesome experience of Eve takes her to a fine young man who helps her to find a horse, who had run away with her clothes. After a fierce meeting, it finally falls to each other. Their first romantic journey was as difficult as the nude area, and its beautiful waves. However, Macchem does a good job at this romantic time. Machaty creates one of the most beautiful moments, while Eva appears to enter into her new partner, using the best trick of the camera. It cannot be overthrown how this courage was on Lamarr's part. Many would assume that it was suicide. Instead, he gained popularity throughout the world and caught eye on Louis B Mayer, who signed a contract with MGM. There is some time in this film, even with today's breach rates. It is impossible to imagine how they received in the 1930s. But we all know exactly what we see and it is very good. The old husband's Eve meeting with her current partner is perhaps inevitable. However, the outcome of the meeting is not. The film takes an unexpected unexpected turn in its last act and all makes a good story with a good start at the great stage of film life by Hedy Lamarr. I highly recommend this once a controversy, now tame the film and encourage you to find it in its restored form on DVD. It's very simple, if it's just fun to see Hedy Lamarr. But the story is forcing also the direction is before its time. 'Ecstasy' is the first treasured treasure. It is a CCTr TC!
