I can understand how the fans of the movie film Polanski could love this movie and I could understand how others could hate it (Ebert was one of the few who could not understand why people did not leave the playground). After looking at the first, I don't know I can fall into any group, however if a person who can't get enough to the Kafka and amazing cameras of the Paranoia Planner is enough for his running time. Or maybe not- this is one of those events that could be more than a job if it was half an hour at Twilight Area, and Serling giving coda as Terkovsky (or who could be (?)) Writes in her bed in the bandages. It is very similar to the treatment of the protagonist who was lost as the aggressor was, however it could be considered that there is more equity, more than the surreal meaning that emerges for long-term destruction of behavior and location (and, indeed, better lead performance) than Accountant . <br /> <br /> As it stands, the Planner has an exciting impetus, the type that one does not stimulate to tell about other people: Polanski is the Emmigré Polish Paris apartment recently found by Simone Choule, who took her to death outside the window and died immediately after that. But other tenants are conservative for max to sound; after Saturday night in Terkovsky with a few friends, there are many complaints. Never again, a good Polanski tenant says, but there is no peace even in moving a cabinet or seat. Recent complaints have been registered against another tenant, but from him? Can he register a complaint? This is a very inaccurate identity, but there is a lack of peace of mind and people around. As the lowest goes, Polanski is experiencing tension (and, I say, a black-comedic laughs) to show Terkovsky in the middle of a bad dream-one of the most powerful cases of Polanski from the period - and finding teeth in the wall, not to mention the bathroom along the way (which, I can add, is always a lynch-pin of genius and surreal madness). But somehow, the film never does not feel all that is important from its good plan as a mind-f ***, and the tenants of Terkovsky just seem to not be seen for a while: there is no doubt that when they know they are not out to get he, which makes the paranoia more independent. At least once or twice I thought myself too why Polanski took the position of title? It is not that he is the worst actor, and he is seen in several films and games that are not his own direction. But apart from being a good looking at the time and time, as a church, or when a kind of walk while thinking that it's actually out to make him commit suicide, his transition is lower than the language-in-cheek, his self-attempt to see if he can remove it, which doesn't work at all. Despite Polanski working well as a gentle and bright Terkovsky, I could see at least other actors who could remove it with the most subtle and affecting personality. When a person sees him in a drag, it goes in the center of a worthy and true camp, especially when he is going to the second highest end (which, of course, is a little surprising). Still there is a pleasure to buff the film and polanski fan to see help help cast and dig into the most controversial characters (Winters and Douglas make it better, as well as they have problems through limited characters) , and unexpected moments such as Polanski and Adjani get hot and heavy during the film Bruce Lee, or when it gets drunk or in one place near random where it plays a child next to the fountain, it's rather brilliant with themselves. It is a very good film, and one that could perhaps insist on me while on many coffee after midnight. But the most important film? Not exactly.
