One thing I am sure everyone who has seen this film will agree that it is very creepy. Another film in the informal trilogy of Polanski is also amazing, but it is quite different from what makes them creepy, but all face one thing, they all deal with the mind. In fact, people who seem to be very interesting, each of them sent a problem under my back that made me unable to sit still. Again, if you have seen two other films mentioned, I am sure you will find this enough, because you expect to expect the normal behavior of Polanski that you think you have taken, he knows and will continue to hate you for simple things, every time Trelkovsky would be turning slowly I would like to hit them by jumping, perhaps that's just me, but I felt keen to do that, though it was very subtle, no music building in those time. This action was very good, especially that from Polanski of course, other characters in the film do not have enough time to lead. Polanski manifests himself as a good filmmaker, he can not only lead and write a good film, but he can also do it. I don't think there is any other better person who could pull Trelkovsky behavior, Polanski is completely sitting. I would like to see a film where the director is also away from the main cast, it shows me well with their wonderful talents, which I highly respect. One thing I didn't like about this film is how it was done in English. For those who do not know, this is a French film, the American currency, and also making it more successful commercial. There are parts that are very obvious there have been dubbing, and I do not know why, but 3/4 of the time when there is a dub they get an appropriate adult to make a dub. There are women in the film who when speaking is definitely a dub, but they have someone annoying more to make a voice-up, it was a pain ear for my hearing hearing, was a loud high pitch sound I felt at some point, almost seemed like a fake, but I did not see what was, he was a very small character. I honestly would have been delightful if they were just like it happened, its parts in French and its parts in English, because watching on this film was painless and not close (two different films, I know) a high level of other films that made something like that, that was, Good, Bad and Bad. I realize that it's not a big problem, when you realize it, you get angry, but I'm sure you can't stay there for a long time trying to try to look at what they say, regardless of whether you know French. <Br /> <br /> What is more about Polanski is that he will allow you to think about him, you know his style, which in some of the things you do, but in fact, you can't see what's behind the corner. This film is more obvious in translation than two other films, which I think are really strengthening this. I personally see this is better than three, I do not know which comes next, but they are all very close to their great level. The end is wonderful, it's easy to decline them for a long time to come and get anywhere. I choose to think a lot about it, just to have my personal opinion and stop it. I have run over, and I have not given them any knowledge about what makes this film so great, I don't think, so I'll make it quick here. If you liked to be overthrown and / or Rosemary's child, I am sure you will enjoy this film to say at least. For those who are very unfortunate that they have seen either then I recommend checking this film out as you look for something that is a very creepy film is intelligent, especially at the end, as well as if you look for something related to intelligence, even paranoia, though that's closed well under running.
