Here is an example of a film that did not receive well when it was done, but whose stand seems to be lifting for a while. 'Planner' is a very interesting job with Polanski, one of its first European transfers. It has been installed in Paris, and as in many other films in the city, its roads, Seine and especially the building where action takes place plays an important role. It is only that Polanski chooses its main character not to be American (as in the 'Assistant' for example) but Pole, as he himself was going to the West. In fact there is a lot of personal opinion in this film, made up of what should be during the crisis in the life of the director, and the fact that he decided to play the leading position (and doing well) could also be seen as some kind of evil. <br /> <br /> It is through a circular story. The hero named Trelkovsky rents an apartment in the old Paris building building, which is considered to be the first team of good old or just neighbors. The former planner tried to commit suicide by jumping out of the flat window, and Trelkovsky just had time to visit the hospital before he died and to meet his best friend and Stella (Isabelle Adjani in his first role after Truffaut 'L'histoire d). 'Adele H.'). Soon the neighbors do not seem to be what it is, a conspiracy to make her, or make her go to life and the role of the dead girl. He fights, tries to run, he gets into the game and ends up in the circle and become slow to be his. Circle is closed. It is not a credible story that we can see or hear, but the power of the film does not live in the story but with psychological details, in the slow destruction of the brave state of the hero, in the game of realization between the truth and fraud. To some extent it is not happening on the screen that is important, but how it happens, reminding 'a knife in the classical' water that made more than ten years before, at the end of Polish Polanski period. There are many details that have never been described, but then this is how secret films must have this is really how life sometimes. The sense of claustrophobia slowly affects the viewer. Unfortunately some of the sample notes in the last part of the film are not very well done with the spoken English conversation (the film was made in English) almost reducing the overall situation. However, waiting for the final location of the blow is very important for patience. It is not the best film that Polanski did, but it has many beautiful parts, it shows the hand and the style of the director, and the key steps in the construction of his work.
