When this film was opened in 1976, the story contains that it met with a great jeering and refused — it was widely considered failure. I remember clearly Ebert giving one star and it was facing a star in Cannes <br /> It seems that these people didn't understand the film, which is not hard to understand because it is very esoteric, dark, and layered in ways that still attract me. Reading through a lot of views here I see (even after 7-8 comments over the years) many aspects of the film I was reading earlier. But even without understanding the good physiological aspects of the story, it is still a suspect of removing ... even if you take only a growing paranoia and suffering that finds the head of Polanski's head as a wave of tsunami over a two-hour race. <Explore the source material — the best novel and the lowest Roland Topor author - reveals the most exciting layers. Trekovsky of Polanski is milquetoast of the above procedure. Although he seems to be the first to be the most powerful person of every day, he gradually recognizes that he is one of those people who seem to be led through life, allowing him to lead him. He seems to have a few strong feelings of love and dislike. He finds himself gently pushing this way and that, but never seems to have disappeared regardless. This vague type of wish-washy-ness looks more in novel than movie, but there are recent tips in the film too. Playing in a woman's house, one Mademouiselle Choule, who is in a rehabilitation hospital for a recent suicide attempt, seems to be a very weak thing she has tried (even effectively separating the price of deposits in business). Recently it gets, however, that he pays his "good thing" in many ways than he cares, as he finds himself in the center of a maelstrom designed with a neurotic building, controlling freaks that are hypersensitive and even a little bit of human life, as a step in the night or knock the door. <br /> <br /> Instead of standing, Trelkovsky comes to the spread of the situation, and it comes with a paranoia and a sense of suffering. He has been involved with Choule, feeling himself like him, dressing like him, etc. as his own personality begins to eliminate his own folly. If anyone has ever been afraid of Polanski as an artist, they would be encouraged to see this film. His mark of black humor is popular (and sometimes embarrassing) to show here and — God will bring him back — he makes himself a hip. It is the performance of a powerful tour in one of the most gorgeous Gothic movies that have been becoming rich, more dangerous. That most people have not seen it is a real crime.
