I am a good old man, an old man to remember the taste of Oreos and Coke as it was 50-55 years ago, when every baby's taste was clean. I would somehow put some aside then it's some magical suspension locker, so I could taste those things today. This magnetic locker can even be changed to the food fabric for the account for how I stirred, physically and otherwise, a form of powerful chemistry. More than half a century, they would have to fix it a bit, because you would see I would like to know that I put them aside. Eating one now will be an independent and old ceremony, and a story, and a mind that would almost make years interrupting the expected prize. It was not enough to do it with the original Coke. And I could not make one of the magical magical cabinets? not there. But I did something very close. In the seventy years, I have actually met in the Roman polarization. Was a wonderful and foreign pleasure? you know, the film provided outside the Soviet block. The films are sensitive to beauty that they cry for several weeks. Films that make you want to live with Polish women, one, then decide that they will be the last to get. This is what I did. I took what I knew would be my favorite movie of Polanski and put it aside. I didn't look at it. I let down until I thought I would be big enough to qualify. For many years, I could try myself, my ability to move around the beauty and do it without doing it. There is probably a few Poles who have worked for this, making the Chopin eligible. Working for a woman when I see it. Try to get people from all sides. <br /> <br /> Recently, I accomplished something as sure that it was time to pull this. I knew already that I had passed the time when that job would work, because I had already seen and understood "Session 9". If you do not know this, it is about the innocent person who gives the tax that the previous tenant (the story is known) gave us a window, died after this man (played by Polanski). What happens is the time folders and becomes this woman. We have been deceived to believe that he is just mad. But the way we follow, he is not. He has just pointed out that the world is normal, and that the people of the neighborhood are not part of the contract to blow his truth. <br /> <br /> Stories are very difficult. The most important thing is how Polanksi does this, all in a way that sits in the eye that only makes a part of the body that includes only a confused body. Two have not reached. There is a dissonance that can despise me for the next 30 years. It thought her up and in and out and none at all? and all except the red wig. I don't know anyone who can do that, this sketch of this sketch, this fear left nature. To understand this idea, you should know one of the largest films made; "Back Window." The talent of the film is the idea of ​​the night after the camera creates the universe; that the viewer builds the story. What Roman does is to take this movie and turn it into. In the back window, the idea was that the screen viewer (Jimmy Stewart) was anchor and everything else was false, we've been looking at. Here, hosting the screen is a film manufacturer. We know this. We know that everything we see is true because he is the author. We know it's true that the bodies inspire identity, then shift, that causality is plastic. We know that the author will kill us. We know that the author will leave us in constant fear, on the edge that he gives but never showed us and make us think. Ted - 4 out of 3 reviews: Everyone who has to write a movie should feel this.
