After his first film film Chinatown Roman Polanski returned to the themes that gave him his great hits in the 60's with this psychological psychological threat which, like Baby Repulsion and Rosemary, deals with paranoia and claustrophobia generated by the life of the apartment. > <br /> The Claustrophobic environment is the one that Polanski is best to create, and this should be a more full and closed image that has ever created. The emphasis on the walls of the walls and the distance away is greater than ever before, and even in a small number of external events are not available. But the Planner is not only bound to spatially, but also to the extent that takes into account its protagonist. Trelkovsky, played by Polanski himself not only in every area, he is almost every shot. When he is not on the screen more often than not the camera becomes a view of Trelkovsky. And in fact almost everywhere he seems to see his own reflection of the mirror. <br /> <br /> I cannot reflect any film which is more about internalization and stability of the same character. Some psychological stimulation, like M or Peeping Tom, send us into grief for the patient protagonist. Others, like Psycho, try a thorough scientific investigation of his mental state. Is the tenant suitable for these groups? it deepens us into Trelkovsky's experience without asking us to understand or appreciate what is going on in his head. We hear his paranoia and patience though it is always revealed that they have no meaning. Polanski was also the master of the awesome slow film. Often in his fears there is a controversy that there is really anything going on, but it is among the most effective people for the audience. Why? Particularly because it slows down slowly and invests a lot of time by introducing a bad situation that increases the viewer in paranoia. The future of Polanski's future, Eight Gate is a bit of attention to the plot but at least it can still get to the same fear. <br /> <br /> This is a small chance to see Polanski himself a great responsibility. His talent in front of the camera was as good as back, and he is quite perfect like gentle Trelkovsky. Another function of standing is the Shelley Winters all who are often ignored as concierge. In fact it is rather a cast for a stellar, although many so-called surfaces are not available in this amazing film, the Gothic of Europe. Also many of the French actors in performing tasks are easily made in the English edition. <br /> <br /> The tenant is more polished and less engaging than the repulsion, but it is not doubtful of the behavior that makes Baby Rosemary so engrossing and entertaining. The tenant is good, without a big mistake, and Polanski was really on the form as a director, but not among his work of promoting.
