West Anthony Mann and Jimmy Stewart are getting slower to the director's position by John Ford and Haward Hawks as the best director of the film in that kind. Surely he knows how to give direction to a good guy Stewart - in the movie Mann there is a jimmy edge that is shown slowly to the audience. In WINCHESTER '73 was Stewart's relationship with his brother and how it led him to a figure of revenge. Here is "I just believe" a view, caused by one problem after another. Even before the movie began he (like Jeff Webster) kills two of his hired cowboys who were helping to drive the cows to Seattle because of a certain crisis (we never revealed on it - either want to leave the car car, or they tried to steal it ' the cow). He meets his match in Skagway, the port he needs to get to take his team to Dawson. Skagway's boss is a man named Gannon (John McIntyre) who reminds one of the real Skagway master in "Gold Rush" Jefferson "Soapy" Smith and Judge Roy Bean. The problem is that Smith or Bean did not like Gannon to turn every opportunity to make money. Stewart's pastor interrupted the public's breath - so (as a fine of the penalty) the cow is taken (to sell later for Gannon's profit). Stewart is a partner with Ben (Walter Brennan - who surprisingly won his last Oscar to play Judge Roy Bean). They also join Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen) and also meet two women, modern Rhonda Castle (Ruth Roman) and Renee Vallon (Corinne Calvert) friendly and helpful. Rhonda is working closely with Gannon, but has helped Jeff earlier in the refugee power in Seattle. However, he has the same "I just trust" Jeff's view. She gives him jobs to find things for Dawson himself. He, Ben, and Rube goes but at night (while others sleep) they return and steal their cattle. Renee follows and warns that Gannon and his allies follow. Jeff removes Gannon long enough for cows to be brought on the Canadian border, although Gannon says that since Jeff returns through the Skagway Gannon route he can wait until he relies on him. The merged group of Rhonda and Jeff split on the way to take over Dawson, Jeff deciding on a long and safe way. After verification is correct, it goes through its access to Dawson just to find there is a feature of the law that threatens the community from gold fields. The cow is sold to Rhonda, and Jeff, Ben, Rube, and Renee are beginning to reflect. Soon there are two groups in the city of Dawson. One is led by Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson want to build a decent city. But Mounties will not place a Dawson station for months. Others, around the "dancehall" run by Rhonda, are in a riot with Gannon who has a great deal of jumping by using his gunslingers group (Robert J. Wilke - actually scary one Chubby Johnson and Jay C. Flippen, Jack Elam). , and Harry Morgan). Jeff wants to get rid of both of them, and his new head with Ben for ranch want in Utah. But will they get there? What? Jeff will continue to be unwilling? <br /> <br /> These displays are dandy here, including Stewart as a person who is ready to deal with all members, but would have enough peace. Brennan plays one of his former copyright monitors, whose love of good coffee has unexpected consequences. Flippen is an alcoholic for the first time, but a tragedy and responsibility is a source of a sense of mind - a person who has a chance to say Stewart's heart by using Stewart's own words against him. McIntyre would come to the art of WAGON TRAIN to replace Ward Bond, but his work in Mann films shows his ability as a human being (such as his businessman who isolates himself in WINCHESTER '73). He is, as described elsewhere on this thread, in fact he feels - but he has a sense of humor. Rome is a fascinating mix of the right and human, whose destiny is determined by its best feelings. And Calvert is the voice of conscience and boundaries "Gigi" knows that she is more than a little girl but a woman who climbs. <br /> <br /> Better is the history of the Canadian Rockies - as wonderful in its way as the use of Monument Valley and John Ford. Mann certainly did the first job of leading this film, and the viewer will enjoy the result.
