Russian Polanski is considered as one of the most important directors of our time, as the mind behind the classics such as "Baby Rosemary" and "Chinatown". Perhaps what makes the Polanski film more interesting is the fact that while having the ability to create a popular commercial film such as the previously mentioned Catholic, he also likes to make primary movies that have a personal nature. "Le Locataire", or "Planner", is one of those movies; The story of fear / worries about paranoia and losing which is among his best works and perhaps among the best awesome movies that have taken place. <br /> <br /> Polanski himself plays Telkovsky, a young man looking for an apartment in France. When he finally gets one, he finds it empty because the former tenant, Simone Choule, tried to commit suicide by jumping out of the window. After the death of Simone's injuries, Trelkovsky begins to be considered by him, with the conviction that his death was caused by other tenants in the building. When sharing the same sense of claustrophobic of his other "apartment-themed" films ("Repulsion &" Baby's Rosemary "), this film takes into account a strange plot that may or will not be completely at the head of Trelkovsky, the negative effects that paranoia has his thoughts, and the strange trouble he has with an old tenant. It is a time when its performance seems odd and timber, slowly man knows that Polanski makes it so because Trelkovsky means that he did it that way, like a sneaker and almost no life, who deals himself in this crazy world that happens to have very strange people. Workers really provided life to people in the building building The memorable characters th are very important for the success of the film. exclusion, and gives life to a beautiful building that serves as a fortress for Trelkovsky. Polanski smell images are used to convey a sense of confusion and spirituality to the common beauty that makes them both fearful and attractive. <br /> <br /> If the switch is available in the film, it is a little slower for the first time. this can be seen as extinguishing but actually the start of the work is working perfectly as it uses boring life of Trelkovsky and how it gradually gets into a different area. Also, the story of real estate is definitely not easy to understand because of many complex layers. However, in addition to the offense, it is a pleasure to deal with a plot that causes this idea. <br /> <br /> When the "Planner" cannot be for everyone, involved with psychological fears and the surreal story lines will be pleased with experience. "Le Locataire" is one of the Roman Polanksi technicians. 10/10
