This is a story about the growing relationship between Jeff Webster (Jimmy Stewart) and Ronda Castle (Ruth Roman). He takes once with Jeff at a short meeting on the steamer's deck for Skagway, and checks again when he hides in his cabin when the authorities are looking for a crime crime. They are aware that they have other things together with the attraction of animals. Neither did he believe a member of the opposite sex, apparently because they have all been married to men who deceived them. Gradually, they learn to trust each other, when they leave Skagway to Dawson. But Ronda has a close relationship with Sheriff Sheriff Gannon and is involved in some shady actions in his Castle Saloon in Skagway. Finally he decides to decide between Gannon and Jeff. At the same time, Rene, a young French woman also takes a quick match with Jeff, but gets just a little contempt of money. However, he puts him on his journey from Skagway to Dawson and his activities near Dawson. With Ronda, he brings her back after Jeff left for the gunslingers of Gannon's claim for his gold claim. Walter Brennan, like Ben, serves as Jeff's sidekick long. He does not play the role of meat, but serves to reduce soft edges Jeff. His fall in the opening opens the door for a woman's place instead of Jeff. John McIntire (like Sheriff Gannon) makes maybe the evil capital of the shadow to see on the film, charm and humor going along with its abuse. In fact, he sees something in Jeff, declaring constantly that he will come like him. He makes a trusted body of soapy Smith, who spent his last years in Skagway, as one of the first members of his time. <br /> <br /> Jeff is an unnecessary antihero, the only person (except a friend Ben), who does not want to hold his neck to others, even when he knows he is the right person for that job. In this way, he resembles the character of Burt Lancaster in "Vera Cruz", for example. So, Jeff is not just returning to the work of Marshall of Dawson, he is believed to leave Dawson after Gandon's Gannon move to a clear intention to take over everyone's legitimate gold claims, while leaving some miners and suggesting that others do quickly get out from Dawson. Even Ronda suggests that she and Jeff are leaving quickly from Dawson while they are still living. Then, Jeff has a sudden change of heart, it seems still a desire for nursing revenge for the shot of Ben and himself. He changes from the hero to the hero to lead the expulsion of the Gannon group from Dawson. In this way, he differs from the character of the Lancaster, who does not know the change (But does Jeff really change, or just give revenge for the wrongs done by his own interests?) <br /> <br /> The main problem I see in the plot is the principle 2 of women. Obviously, Ronda is organized as a beautiful woman to erase Jeff. Although he is known as "bad" girl, Jeff has a modern player who has recently passed, with at least 5 people in the United States or Yukon, and have stolen his cow from Gannon. Surprisingly, soon after Jeff transformed from a hero to fight the hero, Rhonda makes a similar change in the street run to tell Jeff Gannon gone. He dies because of him and Jeff asks him why he did not look out himself (his only appointment!). It is clear that Corine Calvert, like Renee, does not only make a reliable alternative to the dead Ronda, in Jeff's mind. However, the clear meaning of the split area is that they meet together, although Jeff can't show him a kiss or hug. His good example, as a female, a young woman is affected by her work in the Rhonda's bumping miners to strengthen their gold dust, pushing the dust that fell on the floor and making it later. I am also very unknown about his relationship with Rube Morris, a middle-aged middle-aged who is close to him and works with him. (He is not his father). Another problem is the handling of anti-gun guns between Jeff and Gannon's group. If Gannon had any skills and pistol, he would have to kill or hurt Jeff down to the board, before Jeff would do the same. And what did Jeff do to shoot for the right hand to suddenly be well enough pistol easily? I also wonder what Jeff and friends did to help save marine victims. They were too far to take them out from under the snow. And why did he not have many Ronda horses and horses and buried with guns? You will see unnamed but common faces between miners and the Gannon group. Arrangements in the Canadian Rockies provide a beautiful background for action. All-in-all, in the west of the entertainment, and many of the great mistakes have ended. Of course, this film takes great liberty with history and geography, especially that part of the spectacle in Canada's Yukon, which was actually tamer than the Skagway of the United States.
