A meeting is an exciting version, but a riveting screen to play with William Mastriosimone (who changed his own play on the screen) about a woman who was attacked in her car one night with a banned person at home and is afraid when she knows the person got her bag and knows where he lives. After his sleep companions leave to work the next day, the boy shows his home and tries to bury him. The story takes surprisingly amazing time, one time, the woman returns to the table on the person and has the ability to defeat him; but when he realizes there is no way that a rape attempt can be verified and if that person has been arrested, he will just leave, he decides to put the prisoner in the house until he agrees. Are you mentioned? Maybe. Horror? Of course, but there is a very strange feel about this film, especially in the middle and only woman with its attacker, that you can not help but feel perfectly part of what is going on. I haven't seen playing in Broadway, but I would like to think of a piece like this that works better, but that doesn't make this film less experienced. Farrah Fawcett, one of the final actors of Broadway's role, was awarded Marjorie in the film version and announced the performance and encouraged in detail as a victim who refuses to be a victim. Many critics found Fawcett's performance to be a single point, but for me, Marjorie is a woman who has been actively exposed to what she has and the performance is working for me. James Russo, in the performance of his work, is slimy and risky as a person who can be a oppressor who finds Marjorie to be more challenging than he thinks. Alfre Woodard and Diana Scarwid a co-star like Marjorie's colleagues, who return home after Marjorie conquer the boy and bound in a fire room at his arrival. And it is the arrival of residents who take stories to an unexpected level because they did not see what we saw Marjorie going and therefore, think that she should call the police and let them handle the boy. It is not in the heart of despair, but if you can strengthen, the exciting experience of the film is linked to the performance of the leadership that will surprise them.
