(SPOILERS IN PARAGRAPH) This anti-German picture seems to be a tragedy now, but it is a good example of the great propaganda during war. It was done when Cecil B. DeMille was still a good director. (See his Best Picture Academy Award, he did not have a very good sound film.) This movie is not suitable for the most comedy of other Pickford movies, and in fact it was a movie of DeMille, not Pickford. The launch of the Germans can be compared to the "Patriot" method of 2000 made it to the British. The only positive German film was a hesitant woman who had a wonderful name for Austreheim. They were even Pickford to take a bad-fated trip on a luxury ship that gets torpedoed by the German submarine. So what will happen to Americans to increase the war? The sinking of Lusitania, or looking for the popular entry of America's intervention in Canada? All in the film DeMille runs its protagonist from one type of tragedy to another, without running to death, hypothermia, dirt, rape, execution, and explosion that might only be a good place to stop him. The way he was saved from the flight force cannot be more reliable than the way in which people in the "Jurassic Park" finally rescued from velociraptors. If I had more sensitivity to such propaganda I punished myself for having a German generation. <br /> <br /> Was it a good film? Apart from the gag run of American animals abroad they think they cannot be canceled? That was a joke back? may not be recommended. You will find it more than a little melodramatic, and it is clear on one side, but the first thing that came to my mind after looking at was that it was years before the fiction of Potemkin's murder had changed the language of the movie as well as the propaganda film. It made me wonder: what happened to Cecil B. DeMille? Somewhere between the advent of the voice and "The world's largest exhibition" appeared to lose its desire. Ben Hur seemed to be expensive, but not proud. In the sentence, this film is for 1) Historians of the film, 2) Buffs of silent film, 3) Fans of Mary Pickford, or 4) DeMille fans, if such a person is there.
