This first western story of the gold rush brings great excitement, romance, and James Stewart on the screen. The "Far Country" is just one of the west of Stewart-Mann which is often ignored. Stewart, however, puts a new look on the eternal features that he had in the west of Stewart-Mann. Jeff Webster (Stewart) doesn't care, always struggling, that's why he is surprised when people are admiring and grateful. Surprisingly, she wears a bell on her fabric that she won't stand without. These exhibitions that can take care of one person - his region, Ben Tatum, played by Walter Brennan, because Tatum was the one who gave him. Mann, still again, looks at a new look at the current current links that he set in the west of Stewart-Mann. He demonstrates violence, excitement, loss of conspiracy, romance, and corruption. The story is that Jeff and Ben, through a series of events, takes in to get rich quick city of Dawson, with gold Calvet partners and Flippen, and no good but good Roman and its staff staff. He can not leave, because sheriff offender Mr. Gannon (McIntire) and his "deputies" will bind them, for being the only way out is through Skagway, which is the city of Gannon. But, finally, McIntire comes to them, but it's not collecting Stewart and / or his fine that he thinks allegedly owes to the government. What is McIntire? He is hiding by cheating the miners out of their claims and money. People are killed. Sheriff for Dawson is considered needed, and Calvet chooses Stewart because he is good with a gun. Stewart, however, rejects the job, because he has a plan to get all the gold he can, and then get up. He also refuses because he does not want to help people, because the law and the law always kill everyone. So, Flippen is chosen instead. The singer is killed because he tries to stand up with one of Gannon's men, a very wicked man who should change his name Madden, who carries two guns, played by Wilke. Flippen's attempts to capture Madden and see justice done, but he cannot stand up, so he becomes a drunkard of the city. One named Yukon reigns Flippen. Stewart and Tatum start to get rid of, but they are faced with Gannon's men. Tatum has been killed, and Stewart is injured. Stewart finally knows that he must do something, or Gannon will take Dawson, to establish his own rules, and will be his city, like Skagway. The audience also recognizes what Stewart should do. Another thing the audience knows is that Stewart is the only thing that stands between the townspeople and Gannon people. If Stewart will leave, Gannon will take the city. If Stewart stays and continues to do anything about it, the townspeople will be killed directly without a clearance and without meaning. This is where a large area occurs. Stewart goes into his cabin. He has sling on his hand. For a few seconds, his gun, in a gun, hanging on the side of his bed, the gun is close, Stewart is back, just inside the door. She looks for a few seconds. He gives us sling away. Sling the ground under the seat, and falls to the floor. This is an example, because he is giving us his old life, which was indifferent to anyone but himself. He comes into his new life, helping people when they need help. What says the film is a guns-flammable, showing good anger against evil, and a real sense of good-feel that everything will be fine.
