The traders are obvious in this review! I ** adore ** American Gothic and do since I first saw it late at night when first began Ch4 in the UK when I was 14. Comparing made Stephen King is almost right. It is a small town of odd power but with wonderful characters of layered. Better, and because I love it so much, did it have guts never become black and white! Lucas Buck though they do not have any conscience often works, as he says, to give people enough rope and self. His cheating works only because of other people's moral weakness. Caleb though usually a wise, prudent, intelligent young man can sometimes show the dark side emerging from his father. There is no absolute or good characters and even Merlyn angel showing the side of the fury through revenge on the Farmer of Disaster. Not only to have gail, the closest thing to Mother's example to Caleb, not only to sleep and fall in love with Lucas in spite of all she knows has made me realize this show would only go and not apologize for it. I am a big fan of Buffy, but when the show tried to go to 'dark' really in the future seasons failed to sadly because it has lost a beautiful side and did not fully do its mind. AG suggests that you can have the right to freeze right in the middle of the show, and you still have a laugh to laugh. I can't even think about why it was canceled as I 'I could get so angry with the ignorance of all. Many spots on TV and good, originally show all the stripes and whipping. Thanks for the emergence of DVD at least I can see the show in full! That's some of the pictures that are seen now, but the incredible wonderful atmosphere is provided well with the story lines. Vendors also offer a perfect display that is more than working on an unusual camera. The only reason I think a person who likes to show this is not like X-files where there are cases of 'solving' or missing where there are many unanswered questions. It is very clear from getting that Lucas Buck has some kind of evil power, and that the show is all about fighting the soul of Caleb. Therefore, this show can confuse people looking for an objective or 'reality' unknown to find. Yes there are some non-surprising answers, and some as well as the facts about getting parents get solved, but different from the lost to this X file show is not about trying to get more 'facts' about what's going on IMO. It is all about the characters and ways that they have to deal with the moral choice in the corrupt world of the Trinity. Of course I would just get that kick to see Lucas to turn every situation to its advantage. <br /> <br /> All in the big thing I say is CHECK IT OUT. I am sure that many fantasy fans / fears will love it. Even though deleted all characters have text and there is enough in the finale to give a small sense of closure. The only Thread of hanging I saw was Dr Matt. For he should not be in the end times is wonderful. I would do anything for the second season, but at least 22 sessions available and perhaps gave how the TV's TV appears to have to be happy to show this amazing show all the time! !
