At this time, Blackadder can no longer be a king (or even more close to being anything) ... instead, instead of a pastor for Regent Prince, shown by Hugh Laurie (who replaces Tim McInnerny, whose presence disappears too, and The pit has never been filled ... his character had innocent innocence ... when he was shaking and perfect, we can not help him but take care of him, which is not really true for his replacement as if it was unpleasant daft (which he apparently had, according of the Trivia page, without mentioning a large-mouthed and completely threatening. Edmund can now do only what he likes, and he does. Why is she so sad and angry (honestly, finds trouble frequently)? Yes, his master is buffoon, it is always. He doesn't seem to have no money, nor has he had any risk. In the second series, the Queen was foolish and sandy, and cut off the head of a man - or married her - to blow. Here there is never enough because of any crisis being exciting and interesting. There are still comments and even a small satire. Often, it seems that they thought that history was enough for itself, so they just come out, not really worried to turn the truth into jokes or weeds. And I can't tell you how many I tried before it was made, in fact more than a minute away. It is not unusual when you know the punchline before release. Baldrick does not change from last season ... he is still amazed and ignorant, leading to "humorous" humor. In fact, the amount goes through the roof. Don't make me start on many outdoor stuff. The sad way, words can be good, though they are less than ever. I would like to say about half of the events were rather exciting and surprising, while the other three caught me completely in them. I was so worried about how some of the squares and its development were ... I can see many who came miles away. Some material tries a very hard way to be funny and high winds coming across as forced incredibly. This continues with a culture started with "II" to allow programs to work regularly. The theme is the worst of the bunch, the heritage features are a little creative. All in all, this is, by far, my favorite fourth of four. I recommend to fans of franchise and the UK comedy in general. 7/10
