John Holmes is very popular, he is good (if three Muslims could say). This is Rashomon's story about the events surrounding Wonderland's early 1980s, in Los Angeles. The story has been taken together from voting for a few participants. There is a story from a friend's perspective, namely David Lind (played by Dylan McDermott). He is a participant in a robbery attack on the Eddie Nash area (Eddie Nash is a good drug supplier - and he thinks that the same character Alfred Molina played in Boogie Nights) and much in the area of ​​drug addiction. There is a view of John Holmes (held by Val Kilmer), which makes it out of stuck between the two kings (with a severe case of cocaine desire). There is also a thought of patchwork of John's wife (Sharon - played by Lisa Kudrow) and her boyfriend (Dawn - played by Kate Bosworth) to fill a space between two stories. In fact it is the image of the time we look at, the only character of each character. The only thing lost is the view from the dead. The Boogie's Nights of Paul Thomas Anderson shows John Holmes as a character of the hero, and the worst karma but of comedic. She is a real caricature. He was much less, a mixed child who got what he got through his "great" successor. Director James Cox returns comedy away and makes this part in John's life in a dream for us all to look at. The details of the real life murder make this movie even easier. Val Kilmer took what he learned from Jim Morrison, from the Doors, strengthened the performance of the Salton Sea, and then reinforced that it brought us to the deterioration of John Holmes through cocaine. All employees remove the visible truth of the cocaine junkies. Josh Lucas's performance is seen as one of the best in the film. She plays Ron Launius (I think this character thinks it is similar to the behavior of Thomas Jane from Boogie Nights). Ron was the leader of the group, he liked to have John Holmes around the beauty and was interested in kocaine as a papa to enjoy blood. Use of cocaine seems to be true to make someone think. Did they use Splenda? Which Boogie Light has a pop bubblegum feel (many colors and nostalgia 70), Wonderland is dark. The action is fast and furious, and fly a lot. It's twitchy and grainy. No comedy, just the last speed, as the director tries to put us into the nervous, faster paced, edgy cocaine on make us feel what the characters are feeling. This is a movie movie. It has one of the most extreme events I have ever seen in the film. In fact it shows the murder itself (through the eyes of John Holmes first and then from the third person to view). It is very clear, it seems like police evidence of crime. I had to rest after this area and remind myself of it was just a movie. This movie is not ideal for everyone. I recommend that it be a good alternative to the Boogie Light, for those interested in other parts of John Holmes. Reality
