Recently I entered into a habit of purchasing any interesting DVD which the company of Criterion provides. I see that even if I don't like the movie, Criterion provides additional additional equipment to compensate for any shortcomings in a real film. I read about them, and I am sick of what is most interesting to me. Le Million is my recent shopping, and I must say that I have not been disappointed in the film. It is celebrated, funny, and romantic. Everything about it is quite good. These songs are amazing. If I understood French, I would be frustrating and singing all day. Acting is very good for this kind of film. The American songs of the old Hollywood songs were more in the song and dance than real characters and stories, but in Le Million, the characters are rather well developed with stories, when it is not something to be very surprising, not quite missing. I liked the development of relationships, especially the relationship between the best friend Michel and Prosper. Sexual time has also been enhanced. The direction is almost perfect, and several times very memorable. Perhaps the most complete one of the films happens right after the leading couple have a move. They hide in the opera stage, and opera singers sing verses that couples, Michel and Beatrice, translate into their own situation. This is definitely one of the highest marks in the history of the movie. The area has made me laugh, fight me with a very good romance, and make me love the way the director was clever. I am giving this film 9/10. <br /> <br /> P.S. - Some information for anyone who has the same belief in the Features that I do and are planning to buy. Among the correct records I have now, Le Million has a few more features. It all has an image of a picture (not all beneficial; one can wipe it once) and a television interview with Rene Clair, director. This piece is of interest. He was one of the many directors who had started a silent film, and when talkies began to appear, he said they represented the death of the film. I think many film-savvy people understand what these directors said when they said, but it's interesting to listen to him. Also, if you have read this film on Amazon.com, please check that they were wrong with one important respect: not every line of film is playing. In fact, it has no more songs than ordinary music. In fact it is much more like a Chaplin film or Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers. My lack of disc is not important. Heck, Criterion has the right to beat me around to make this complaint. The fact is, their people probably spent hundreds of hours making a film that only 20 people (now 21!) Voted on imdb, and just about people, like that, will see the film. Heck, looking at the Criterion site, Le Million is not available. I have no explanation why not. It's something they should be proud of (of course, their network is awesome awesome). They did a good job on this film. Bravo! They deserve all the money I can stand to give!
