Karen (Sarah Michelle Gellar), a exchange student in Japan who starts social work, has been sent to help a woman with a whole-year catatonic, Emma (Grace Zabriskie), after her former guardian, Yoko Maki, will disappear. Karen soon learns that something is not at Emma's home, and she tries to "see how deep the rabbit is going". <br /> <br /> It may be the attraction of delays due to the success of M. Night Shyamalan movies, but slow-paced, understated film horror is a recent trend. In some cases, such as hiding and seeking (2005), this approach works very well, and in others, such as White Noise (2005), walking tends to kill the film. I didn't like Grudge quite like to hide and search, but this is still a very good film - gets 9 out of 10 from me. <br /> <br /> The Grudge has two major variations from other recent trends of the trend, however. One, it is known that this is remake according to a series of Japanese films started with Ju-On (2000) (in particular, is very close to the first half of Ju-On: The Grudge, aka Ju-On 3, from 2003). Two, like many Japanese films, slow speed here is not much in the real drama area as well as surgery. As with the large percentage of European fears, The Grudge should be seen more like a dream of a movie. The director of Takashi Shimizu, also the director of five Japanese entries in Ju-On series up to date (the fifth is currently in production), and author Stephen Susco have been found with a line of solidarity and are not more concerned with hollow logs or holes during trouble behind the story. The idea is to provide a series of dreams, dreams and dreams, where the goal is weather, simplicity, lack of opinion, and many viewers - scary. The film works for you largely depends on how you can express yourself, or it is used, this different way of making films (although legitimate, some of the visible gaps are filled with previous entry in Ju-series). Usually, the American viewers think it is wrong to leave the fibers of the plot to be executed and to stop the "monster" rules. More of the poetry, for example, on the film is still unacceptable to ordinary people in the US <br /> <br /> However, even if it is used, it is worth trying to strengthen your common ideas about the film and giving The Grudge shot. This is a well-written, well-designed, efficient, saturated film, such as a story that connects a large number of "main characters" (which has been done better than Sunday 3), good movies, Device production design it affects (see Gellar's clothing, which is similar to the color and texture of the home of Emma, ​​when Gellar is approaching first), and the most beautiful material with evil. Even though it is much slower that your old movie of old fear, often pacing adds power, and there is no shortage of incredible events to keep awesome fans inviting. The unusual cluster of the film refuses, and based on interviews on DVD and Shimizu, has given me more attention to Japanese and logic beliefs. Although the most interesting inputs can be made possible by the new Japanese cultural knowledge, it is amazing to contemplate why many Japanese films show awesome children and adults who seem to be terrible children. I removed one step for the slim slides of the clichéd and "here it really happened" flashback, but even that had done well, and otherwise, this would be 10 out of 10. That I have said all of the above, I would like to finish with a mini player: Not that I am fighting a remake, but it's reasonable that US suppliers and labels feel that we need to restore foreign films to make them suitable for use. The original versions of these films should only be played on U.S. movies. for general release. There is no need to present a similar film but just involving US white whites to non-white or foreign actors. Yes, The Grudge is a good film, but eventually, I would like to see something original using this talent, and treated it to recent films of foreign fear - not only Japanese, but also Hindi, Spanish, Chinese, etc. - in my multiplex. Hopefully that the person who smokes on the studio reads this, is also more expensive to do so, if (1) you can completely avoid the cost of production, and only make an internal supply contracts you receive, and (2) you can earn money from fans like myself who may take foreign DVDs in outdoor industries or even bootleg.
