It is said that David Lynch and short films will not attract everyone. Neither Dumbland, perhaps more than ever. I feel that Dumbland, as people come, will be a true mark of 'I get' or 'what is hell'. It is not exactly the surgery, but it is wonderful for a return point. It is also very, very very, very foolish. But in this folly it can be a kind of unconscious mind, that the room knows very well how children and this neglect is, and this personal consciousness is, not a problem. <br /> <br /> It is just a group of very interesting shorts - a kind that is not recommended even on Hertzfeldt and Animation Animation displays (which, I can add, Lynch here has a lot similar to all directors at work-based on lummox and IQ of 20 who has a frightened and frightened wife, and a child who looks like a cross between a gingerbread person and / or a stranger. These areas include a small treadmill, a businessman who can read Gettysburg's address, looking at him A sick brother, an ant exhibition, and whistling on the couch with a noise at all. At all times, Lynch still tries, for he was always for the best or worse during the five-year period made and leaving the Kingdom of Inland. , he returns to the roots of the first short time, six figures of getting Sick Six Times, in the use of repeat if it means the last. This sometimes does very well, and sometimes not sometimes, as with part and stay around the house doing something like teeth are blood and buzz flying around, absurdism type waxes and wanes without a lot of good effect. And even the same kind of boyfriend who comes up is so much more funny-so-to-compare Beavis & Butt-head (they all laugh like lovers, and they also get to kill things like fish and sheep). What is going to work is how Lynch shows on previous actions, in the worst possible way, and much violence. In what is closest to the surgeon in the "sores", the worst breaks the insect (called "Kill", one of the very cheap but cheerful Lynch at social meetings) on its own, and the sores vision in the chorus line of music, solos are included. And one of the most sad things I have ever seen from a film manufacturer is "getting a stick", where we see only the boy, enjoying his son, getting a stick with his mouth. Recently the neck breaks, the eyes come out, and once he said the stick is removed unconscious for traffic transport as a manhole cover. Sometimes it goes on like this in unexpected designs, and it looks like on an affordable paper and an earthquake and evil language (especially from man, and from "grandmother", who is one of Lynch's voices for characters is deep. most of all, and the quality of shaky who remembers the cream of the crop from (at the beginning) Hertzfeldt. <br /> <br /> All the same I'm still not sure if Dumbland is something I would have put into the hands of someone if they didn't see a lot of Lynch still not leaving anything with him. There are some minorities in the community that are made through a widespread spread that may or may not be appropriate in Lynch's mind more than we think of those in real life. However in general there is not much to be read in, that's why I would say more than half that they find it hateful. Those who dig down the bottom bottom of the animated comedy, be prepared with an explosion.
