Dumland focuses on family life (America?) ... Father; a violent and dirty person who wants to lose and use dirt and who does not have the characteristics of redemption. Mama; who seems to be a psychotic paranoid, never never says a lot. Son; badly offensive little boy. Animation is simple and useless, but do you have stories and characters. Original items were found only on the davidlynch.com website, but now released on DVD. There are 8 episodes on DVD and short posts following: <br /> 1- Neighbor: We meet a neighbor nearby, and we will know three things about her ... she has a beautiful sand, she has one hand and likes to do unproductive things and ducks . We are seeing that the wife has a relationship between exercise, but the husband does not really think it is a good idea. At the end, the exercise treadmill is winning. Doctor: The father has an unfortunate accident with clear wires ... The doctor's diagnosis is completely (if not extraordinary) but the infection is "you are quite normal" (but we knew that) . 4 Friend Visits: After competing with a new dress hats, a friend comes to visit (Believers or not, he has one! But after meeting him we can understand why), no surprise when he tells us what his pleasing things are. Get a Stick: We meet another neighbor, has a stick stuck in his mouth (though we don't know how it came there). Unfortunately, removing the stick from his neighbor's mouth continues to be difficult (and more violent) than expected ... but he wins at the end ... Jesus other people may not appreciate !!! My Eyes Are Spraying: This was my favorite part ... and it was also more intelligent to repeat again and exciting (hmm, what it says about me?). I do not know why the baby's teeth started bleeding, but I do not believe when I say it was small for story stories. Which is oxymoron, if the story had no plot. But he had an amazing end (involve jumping)! Uncle Bob: After meeting Uncle Bob, and Bob's uncle's wife, we get a clear feeling that the Dumbland gas pool is very low. Brother Bob is a sick fellow (I will not explain, maybe I will not destroy). Uncle Bob's wife is wearing pants in her family ... and the father certainly ends on the wrong side of his fist (and uses all their tours full of tree on the back yard). > 8- 8- 8- Baada 8- 8- 8- 8- 8- 8- 8- 8- 8- 8- 8- 8- 8- 8- 8- The lesions put a wonderful song and show the dance ... it may be berserk trying to kill them, the wind in full body planting ... and lets you just say, ants get revenge at the end. <br /> <br> If as bad as these stories are, there is something that continued to force them to look at them. They give another insight into the mind of one of my favorite directors. David Lynch. Maybe they were money for him, to pull out his powerful ideas? I really laughed in many sounds at intervals. Many issues are quite amazing!
