Emotional energy and Dominican characters and Eugene are things that Hollywood does no longer. This is one of the most emotional, sensitive, and heartwarming movies I have seen! Roy Liotta, Tom Hulce, and actress to help Jamie Lee Curtis, provide an effective Oscar winning show! Not enough words to show how good this film is. Of course, people who do not have an emotional film may not care as much as we all about Dominick and Eugene, but for some of us, this film goes to the heart and uniqueness of compassion and humanity. You will never forget this film, ALL! SPEILERS BELOW ***** <br /> <br /> Simple but skilled stories are told with skill. Eugene is an intern-school intern who faces many hours and a burden to work at the hospital. His brother's sibling Dominick (born 12 minutes early) is slow and shocked because of brain damage due to the victim of abuse by their father. (The period of heart when this is available in a film that will leave you with tears!) Eugene (a.k.a "Geno") is experiencing a severe problem. He should decide whether to finish medical school, which means accepting live in another city and leaving Dominick (a.k.a "Nicky") back, or losing all his studies to take care of. Nicky helps to pay the lesson of her school school's school by working as a garbage collector. Ethics, ethics, and roles are well included in this logo. Only when Gino thinks Nicky may be progressing towards independence, Dominick returns to the wind to do things like helping a drug dealer, or connected to using a bad cord that he finds on damage to electrical equipment. <br /> <b> Larry, is "Character" by Nicky's partner on his desired path that fills Dominick gray head with stories such as Geno and Jennifer (his girlfriend, who teaches at Clinic Hospital) to Atlantic City and gambling off all their money. But down, you can see that Larry cares. In their circle, Nicky also becomes a friend of the little boy, whom we find also beaten by his father. The end result is also the pain and pain you see on Nicky's face when it comes to, it talks too much. Responsibility that two brothers cooperate can not increase further. All Nicky wants to do is loved and look for acceptance in any way she can. (ie, going to church, likes Hulk Hogan) Geno likes Nicky more than anything in the world. But his brother can be self-sufficient so that Geno can follow his dream of becoming a doctor? A talented film that would have gained more tones than was needed, but unfortunately it came out almost simultaneously as the Man Rain, which addressed such a matter. However, I would like Dominick and Eugene well because it has a great emotional emotional impact. Make sure that this film focuses on the tear buttons, so you have a simple Kleenex! What's the film !!!
