Dominick (Nicky) Luciano is wearing a 'Hulk' shirt and may perform his daily tasks as a garbage man. He uses his physical strength to pick up other trash and wipe it by throwing the city. He reads the story of the hero of the book and loves wrestlers and wrestling, Going to WrestleMania and his brother Eugene birthday is traditionally every year. He speaks compassionately to many people who come in contact with them during his day. He reads comic books, which he finds in the garbage, as well as a young man who often goes through the desired path. Unfortunately, Dominick has little ability to use his ideas. She has a disability. Dominick's disability came from injury to the head where he had a brain injury (TBI). This wound caused him slowly, although it does not change his basic behavior as a strong man who helps to protect others. Dominick can actually live independently than it can appear at the beginning of the film. He lives with Eugene who learns to be a doctor. Dominick provides a great source of income, while Eugene stops learning. Eugene must have the fact that he continues his education in a different city, and that he must leave with Dominick. Eugene also develops a love that begins to separate him from his twin brother. <br /> <br /> The film deals mainly with domestic violence and how this can affect individuals, families, and society in general. The widespread burden of Eugene and Dominick as Eugene knows that he must eventually leave Nicky, he escaped the night of birth. Eugene tells Dominick and throws him against the wall. At this time, Eugene must be afraid of him as his bad father, a father whom Dominick protected him against when he himself became a victim of abuse. This event strengthened the love between the two brothers, who since then became the best friends. Although they needed each other, they also needed freedom and ability to grow and develop relationships with others. The fact that they should divide the way was a real emotional problem. However, at the end of the film, Dominick can tell his brother good bye and ask him for luck. Eugene can leave his brother with confidence that he has started to make a social network of people who care about him and help him with his freedom. When Dominick witnessed the abuse of his friend he is forced to come face to face with the reason for his own trouble. In this difficult situation, Dominick almost completely exhausted. He runs after ambulance to the hospital to see what happened to his friend. Having learned that the boy is dead, he is directed by a abusive father who, fearing his testimony, tells him he has seen nothing, he knows nothing, and is not saying anything, and that he will kill him. Now that his own life has been terminated, he goes and gets the hand of the gun that Larry used to kill the mouse. He goes to the resurrection of the dead boy and with a gun, catching a grieving family. He runs away from the area and hides in the building. When the police surrounded him, Eugene goes into the building to talk to his brother. Eugene then reveals the reason for Dominick's disability and brings the child. The abusive father then tries to kill Dominick, but Eugene stops him and Dominick says the crowd saw his father throwing his child down the stairs. By the end of the end, the issue of unemployed behavior comes to view. Although the Dominick image to save the baby can be understood, we also see how to destroy this answer is. Dominick put the child's life and his own life at great risk. The major social outcomes of these events do not directly relate, but are shown through live films. Despite more hopes to end up, another series of events could possibly happen, where Dominick has been charged with kidnapping and possession of weapons. It is very difficult to believe that this was not quite a reality. Additionally, even if Dominick has not been criticized, there may be stigma against him within the community, not that there is no one before these events. Instead, the film shows that we must be able to identify the problem of the problem and act to prevent it. Dominick and Eugene were released in 1988, the same year as another film, Rainman, winning the 5 Academy Awards. When Rainman was successful and helped to increase visibility with a disabled person, it could be said that Dominick and Eugene have the most important lessons for the community. Although, the Rainman showed that the American common society can learn from and take care of 'savant', if 'savant' is the heir of a great asset. Dominick and Eugene show that a person with a disability can care for and help save American members. The message of a person with disability can be very strong in 1988. Hope one day the community will see the potential of people with disabilities, not as a threat, but as a key to social strength.
