I collect Horror movies from everywhere and I have seen good and very bad - Zombie blood is a low video budget. Indeed, acting is bad, story story is essentially the combination of all the zombie movies will be thrown out and the quality is limited to a certain place. What you seem to be missing is that it is still fun and fun. The effects vary, as someone here has said, the zombies-faced face that looks like KISS refuses to really good with the wonderful work of latex. But the reason for purchasing a movie titled this is for a year and this film is wonderful in the area. The effects are very good for such a small film. Someone called the movie of the Association and it is. Modern party ceremony of 100%. I have heard from various websites that are actually a "sharp cut" of the film that has been given in general but the real "cutting director" comes to the DVD and is very good quality. I will buy and judge myself. Stories are essentially a nuclear power plant is going to go bad and makes zombies. Gov't locks down, hides stories and house restrictions built on it. Some plants are still underground and these have not come in and attacked the area. Few players are doing a good job, there is a good definition of a society that is wise and true, good music, great lighting, insistence effectiveness and tons of blood and patient patients. One boy gets the attack and buys from the bottom up area, if you know what I'm saying. Then his guts are beaten to his mouth. Another cracked by half as Dead Day and did a good job of that effect. There are million gags of the year and are almost every step. I say that anger, enjoy life and get more movies like Blood Blood and the meat market. Two big pieces of undead. OK /> <br /> OK - UPDATE !!! I have only a DVD set and here's what I thought: <br /> <br /> The best of the best pictures and once I saw the CUT's DIRECTOR film and it's the best movie. I loved it before, but now I can see what Todd Sheets was trying to do with this. And the definition helps also, hear Sheets talking about the film in detail, She knows it's a movie trashy zombie, but it shows respect for all the people involved. Also, Sheet has a great sense of humor and certain simplicity that others can learn from the film field. Behind the scenes of Blood Bloodbath is pretty fun too. I felt that it was almost as entertaining as a film made. There are good interviews behind the picture pictures, linked to news stories about films from some major areas like CNN, FOX and MTV. Best of all, a small film of fun which is very bad around, but still I was laughing and enjoying the trip! I have seen many DV movies, and some video films, and many are quick, but this was not true. While the latest DV films are better, they are not very happy! <br /> PS - I've heard that they are now managing this on a big budget ???
