Zombie Bloodbath is a movie released by zombie fans for zombie fans and true love of Horror type. As I understand from the commentary and what I read, it was done during the Great Flood in 1993 when the Missouri half was underwater. Buildings were underwater. cars and houses were underwater. One article said that zombies and employees from this movie will help the river sandbag after being beaten every day. The fact that this movie is made entirely is a miracle. It's like a huge mashing of every zombie movie ever made to put through the Troma filter. It's a movie party to enjoy with friends who love the splatter characters and characters. And it is faster and more powerful and realistic. The risk of poisoning in the nuclear power station causes people to separate or turn into zombies. The local government covers it, reduces the factory and builds a house on it. Other changes to the ground (?) It leads to the opening of the cave to develop and other new residents get the cave and removes the undead from the planned community. From there you find things just and fun and fun. <br /> <br /> I have read these comments here a few times. And it seems obvious to me that the same person attacked this fun movie three times as a different consultant, using fake names. They use the same words as sentences. Zombie Blood Blood is cheaper. It's raw. It has a bad act. So it's half of the movies made. There's a lot to work out than this enjoyable movie. If you hate this film, don't tell it. There is no need for personal attacks and call workers or throw "Trash Trash." And it's obvious you're not Australia or UK. Unfortunately, this great service, IMDb is not suitable for people who use it to destroy others. There are reviews reviews and good reviews, and I don't care those. I offer positive and positive comments. But it is very obvious that the fool only wants to use this platform to attack the self-director of this film. Unfortunately. Some of these are called "viewers" even essentially they say their "review" to promote their own movies. Someone called this film Boring - well, love or hate it, one thing that you can never say about this film is that it is boring. It goes faster and never has a dull spot. Do you have this inspector from Holland ??? LIAR. You tried to send this same review to Amazon and it was there. SAME review just said it was from Missouri. This evil is leaving. Love it or hate it - make a real review or don't do anything. Obviously you haven't seen the film. But for the record, I have though this is not the best I saw, it's far from the worst. And even worse I would like to give REVOEW real and without attacking the personal director. This hope review helps other people to see through ignorance going on here.
