I got my copy of this two disk DVD and when it's not perfect, I've seen the general experience that a way to lose some time. I must say in front of that I am a big fan of the cinema, and I really think that good people who made these films should also be. I also have a soft spot for people who try, sometimes against all the obstacles, living a dream. And again, these people do that. What? This is a collection of amazing film? There is not even near. But for what they do in their small budgets, these films should be recommended. For me, the bottom line is always, did I wish it? I had a good time with this movie? And here the answer was all "yes". The first in the series is also more raw. It opens for a certain type of accident at the nuclear facility and people collide down or something. Cut for several years later and a new settlement community is built on an old reactor website. Some children make a video fall into the pit and make themselves hit at the lower levels of the station. They are saved, but the hole is not suitable to seal and people from the beginning begin to walk out of the pit. Recently, the whole city has found a undead. And these zombies are fun. They come from a decaying crop with low cost for a white face forever, but it's fun. The whole movie faces the destruction among the final victims of the area and the undead, and our heroes enter the bottom level of reactor to take the meat to eat zombies and strengthen the hole forever! Pretty cheesy, but I think it meant to be. However, it is very fast, it has bad buckets of bad effects and really tries to have a certain style. Acting is not good, but a few good performances are static and one should listen to the clarity voice. I came back and looked at it again and I found that it was a good news on the fun and fun experience that the staff had to experience on the movie. Director Todd Sheet looks proud of this, her first film, but also does not deceive. He knows it's a movie of a zombie trashy, but he shows respect for people involved. Also, Sheet has a great sense of humor and certain simplicity that others can learn from the film field. Behind the scenes of Blood Bloodbath is pretty fun too. I felt that it was almost as entertaining as a film made. There are good interviews behind the picture pictures, linked to news stories about films from some major areas like CNN, FOX and MTV. Best of all, a small film of fun which is very bad around, but still I was laughing and enjoying the trip! I have seen many DV movies, and some video films, and many are quick, but this was not true. While the latest DV films are much higher, they are not fun! In general, this is stable, if it's a bit of damage, release and a lot of extra and TONS of gore and splatter. While not breaking any great rules to do, I have seen a series of fun and always laughter, so I give this a good recommendation. Todd pages do not try to make the art of winning awards here, he was trying, sometimes against all the problems it seems, making the budget fun of zero, afraid of splattery and reaching the end, succeeded in spades.
