There is no more that I can say about this movie than all the comments on one page, except - like Jesse says - "it's berries". All readers of one page wrote openly - as well as the discussion on this film. That can only be one of the most unusual things we hear a lot of, but it is usually done by administrators who provide lines: a good script. Perhaps Robert Redford shared the actors / partners during the film film, so that the beauty of the story was not lost. I also attended church when I was very young and in my young youth. The pastor of the church spoke very well and quietly as Pastor Maclean did his church. That, itself, is a very different picture that is shown to the Southern Baptist churches - no holy sacredness in my church. It was a great church, with many plans to keep their church work - a great inspiration perhaps was a music department with its great choir and a very close song. Also, the Sunday evening meeting was close to the very young. What? Do you know once a safe going to church Sunday night? How I would still be! Watching "The river you are going through" is like going to hear good sermons in the church that its members are actively involved in life. If it has already been written very well, this movie sermon is the beauty of the open space of Montana - however, there is no more missi there is there, too? Fishing fishing or any other activity that unites family members for a happy life - and a deeper understanding of someone else - is a blessing. Although you see some aspects of life, then, the ease of the story reflects a lasting feeling in your heart, if you allow it. Speakeasies and prostitutes are against the equality and simple collection of old picnics, communities such as this film has - a great difference with modern families using their children in the Disney Country for fun and making it "one day". There is a misunderstanding with that, but as the “River” shows, some of its taciturn beauty can do nothing but make life clean. This is the third film I saw that Tom Skeritt (?) Has father, different styles and did well. Brad Pitt, especially the unknown talent except for "Thelma and Louise" and "Meet with Joe Black", and all the members used were eligible. Very small stories are told to come from 10-to-10 from me on any violent movie, bad language, evil and "action". I really think about "Crash" and more "Arnold movies". It is the savior of this movie this is.
