(There is not much in the way of destroyers, since there is no plot to reveal, but still, I think I describe some of what is happening so ...) This is. This is the most insignificant film I've ever seen. No words just describe this film, although "amazing" "ignorance" and "ego journey" are very close. The opening half an hour or so is true, amazing music videos, without conspiracy or promotions, away from the MJ is located in some from the past. One of the highlights of this part of the "film" in the place where MJ runs a fun-going flight through what appears to be a guarantee of collateral guarantees refuses and parts were cut from the yellow submarine (my master cannot do this up). So, for a little more time than the remaining hour, "film" begins, with a lot of soil (some of them are true) looking at our "hero" and dismissing the autograph. Obviously, this takes our place that still not voice (reducing songs) causes some anxiety, and can lose them for a while. Do for him, for it means he can witness a falling star and, and again, I don't do it, and turn it into a clay rabbit. He uses this trick to try to try and beat back, but, for reasons I can't remember right now, they see through (oh no!) And run interesting begins again. Cue another song (a great shock there). shortly after the expulsion, MJ somehow brings the rabbit to life, until he is beaten by the police (in the middle of the desert) because it is obvious, illegal to play there. <br /> <br /> Some of the films are similar to fantastic things, including the MJ cleaning bar for the tune of Criminal Smooth, including the shot of the person with his finger, not just killing the guy, but burning the shadow its inside the wall, nuclear weapons fission. Sometimes a good time is when MJ, seeing, Mr Big (Joe "what hell happened to his work at this time?" Peschi) grab one of the children he was friends with, he builds tommy guns, and sometimes violent pepper this film appears to be random, it opens fire in everything that is going on. At last I will mention it when MJ, surrounded by Mr Big and his personal army. Eagerly, this person has many people who work for him, and they have lost more than the units of command rather than groups, which I think they are. How does he come? Why, he returns the robot, complete with weapons and shields. This is the third of the four changes that make, almost always when inserted into the corner and / or run. <br /> <br /> This film is completely, totally surreal, and a bit in a conspiracy way, and almost no continuous.
