Mr Michael Jackson is an artistic thing. His short movies, ie music videos, are just good. I don't care if I get a feature of a sci-fi silence from this person, but I care to get a medley for his play, shouting, voting for many people, and some pieces of CGI and animation. There should also be no non-encrypted videos. Everything I mentioned is here. The plot of ignorance and over-the-right "vanity of vanity" is not a problem when I witness Mr Michael Jackson working. For me he will always be the last king of music videos (not "king of pop" which looks elegant, especially for us, Russians, because "pop" looks like a Russian word for "ass" and MJ is definitely not "king of ass "). I can watch his best music videos (which are beautiful artists) and I have never been tired. <br /> <br /> My first impression of this film was "What's this ...?" (different video clips, other artworks, separating from one topic to another, the absence of any line of conspiracy, some children misleading, etc.) but as I watched until the end, I would say it was good and not something like anything else shown on TV today. What I like here also is that it does not show any embarrassing material and can look at children easily. <br /> <br /> Without Mr Michael Jackson's world of music videos would rather be poor. Even the best videos of other artists cannot come very close to MJ's efforts to spread music and artistic quality. He knew how to find an audience of different ages and knew how to remain a man with ethical principles. When I see the release of a DVD to Mr Michael Jackson's videos I know that it deserves to be purchased even if some items have already been found in the previous release. "HIStory I", "HIStory II", and "Moonwalker" is all great, although only "Moonwalker" is more than one film (with the title "Smooth Criminal" theme, the title of "paparazzi", with a few headings) . I was not a MJ fan I can still give "this film" if there is no other "solid 9 out of 10 (I have been" Smooth Criminal "for sure and my big complaints are the following: the original movie parts can stop when the" MJ "main campaign The anti-drug "should be given more" humorous atmosphere and stress "and there may be more" moonwalking "itself of course.) Thanks to caution.
