For all these things that are diminishing this time and MJ I have listened to his music, looking at an unusual document here and there, looking at the Wiz and looking at Moonwalker again. Maybe I just want to get some insight into this person that I thought was too cool in just eight years maybe to make my mind if he is guilty or not guilty. Moonwalker is a part of the profile, part of the film that I remember going to see on the movie when it was originally released. Some have a cunning message about MJ's feelings toward the media and also a clear message of drug abuse is Mukay. It looks amazing but this is all about Michael Jackson so unless you are like MJ in such a way you will hate this and wipe it. Others can call MJ an egotist for the permission of this film BUT MJ and many of his fans would say that he did it to fans that if they are really good for him. <br /> <br /> The real feature film when it finally started just for 20 minutes or so excluding the sequence of the Criminal Smooth and Joe Pesci entices as a psychopathic master of drug addiction. Why MJ wants to be dead so much more. Because MJ heard his plans? Nah, the character of Joe Pesci liked that he wanted people to know he was the one who gives drugs etc. so i dunno, maybe he hates MJ music. <br /> <br /> There are a lot of cool things in this as MJ turning on a car and a robot with a Demon speed chain. Also, the director must have the patience of the saint when opening the bad kiddy chain as usual the directors hate to work with one child to allow their whole group to do the hard drums. Under the bottom, this film is for people who like MJ to one level or another (which I think is most people). If not, then stay away. It tries to leave the right message and the amazing MJ's bestest buddy in this movie is a girl! Michael Jackson is one of the most talented people who have ever given this planet but is guilty? Well, with all the attention I have given this issue .... well hmmm I do not know because people may be different behind locked doors, I know this really. He is a very good person but a fool or one of the most converted. I hope he is not the end.
