Ah, Moonwalker, I am a big fan of Michael Jackson, I grew up with his music, Thriller was actually the first video of the music I saw. Believe it or not when Michael Jackson was like God to people, when women lost before him before despair before seeing him, sorry, Michael. But Moonwalker was what started to be a salary for all of Michael's successes when he gave his bad album which was a record breaking, was the first album with sixteen people. Michael is a wonderful artist, no doubt, writes, singing, dancing, but when it comes to acting or keeping stories directly with his audience? not much. We start very easy: Jackson's music, life, work, success and mania which was the 80th star in the world of Michael Jackson. Later, Jackson is a gangster's 30 model who uses his power as an example of crime to protect children. When Jackson was allowed to be near the children, we refused to play on the farm with the children and their dogs. Dogs run, and in their search, Jackson and the children reveal the position of Mr. Big, Frankie Lideo, a drug addict and an army of people who want to find all the people of the planet who lost drugs, starting with children. Mr. Big finds Jackson and children, but they run; Jackson tells the children to meet him in the 30th Club, which turns into a controversial nightclub since the 1930s. shooting stars. If someone goes through the club, Jackson turns into a sports car and gives hundreds of Mr Big people. The story takes children on the 30th Club, and for the first time the children are afraid, but when Jackson looks at the horror of the club it changes and children find themselves back in the 1930s. The club is now filled with zoot fighters and swing players. Jackson participates in dance with other club members, which serve as a music video for "Smooth Criminal". At the peak of the song, Mr. Big has looked at the club and kidnapped one child, Katie. Jackson traces back to Big Bira and ends with his people. Mr. Big looks and injures Jackson for threatening to insert Katie with highly addictive narcotics. When Katie can grab Joe Pesci's glasses and get free from the entry, Mr. Big decides that she has had enough and ordered her men to kill Katie before completing Jackson, but not before the shooting star. Jackson changes to a big robot and kill all the soldiers of Mr Big. Yup, ummm, you want more hate? See the movie. The new order is fun for the first half, seeing Michael's success and all his hard work make his fans appreciate him again. What? Is more than just hitting his album? Yes, I like how she plays the first 25 minutes to praise her how she is scared, then we go to her song called "Leave Me Alone", which is a form of hypocrisy, not that it is not a great song, another event. Then when we beat the fabric cake, the story was very weak: Man tells his name loudly when Michael and Katie are investigating, lol, Michael is a transformer suddenly, a great monster program is making kids up? Also villain has some kind of big gun gun that would make Marvin's Martian be red. But if there is something new that the movie gives us a new video for the Criminal Smooth. This music video is perfect, it's choreographing, it's set, it's song, it's soft style, Michael always goes up and beyond perfection and Smooth Criminal was fantastic. I loved Moonwalker as a child, still looking for fun up to this day, but not the best movie in any way, it's very good, but it's good if you're a fan of Michael Jackson as well. <br /> 7/10
