This is my third opinion here to try to connect two teams of film concerts: Laurel & Hardy and Abbott & Costello. The connection here is in 1940. That is the date that the former had their last movie from their long-lasting Hal Roach studio. I mention the end of the future. In addition to the last time Stan and Ollie worked during Fun, it is also the last time they will be seen by ordinary players such as Charlie Hall and James Finlayson who appeared in many of their films. It is also the last time that Lloyd Art will be like their camera and Marvin Hatley - who created their theme song that will be known as "Cuckoo Song (Dance of Cuckoos)" - their logo. And it will be the last time Stan Laurel will be allowed to make full control of innovations on what's going on in the film. If there is more than a gag structure than usual in this L & H film, it's good to know more of those gags are really funny. That includes a lot of sound and visual effects, the last released by Roach's long-term Roy Seawright. In this, Ollie has a "horn horn" from working at the noise of the noise industry. Finlayson orders to go out to sea for his rest. Ollie does not like to go to the boat so that Stan will show only those who are locked up to go anywhere. After finding one they like, we find that convicted Nick Grainger (Richard Cramer) has just run away ... I will stop there and say this was as the end of the L & H house as long as someone could send it. It is hilarious especially from the beginning to the end and knowing this will end them to the person responsible for their team is really poignant when someone thinks of it. Oh, and I have more than a couple of naming: it's the final appearance of Harry Bernard, who plays the patrol track after several years to meet Stan and Ollie as a police, and that of Ben Turpin, a beaten and cross player born in New Orleans which is several hours away from my current city of Baton Rouge, the second appearance of L & H was previously "married" boys in Our Wife. The last singer especially has a real comic time. In fact, I announced 1940 that year Stan and Ollie had their last movie released from Hal Roach Studios. It was also the first year that the comedy team, all born in New Jersey state, could make their first photo why it would be their home home, Universal. The director of the movie would be similar to the leading L & H in Flying Duces last year. His name was A. Edward Sutherland. P.S. It was during this publication that the administrator of the document Virginia Lucille Jones had an accident involving a carpet locked. The event led Oliver "Babe" Hardy to send roses to his hospital. They loved with love and married on March 7, 1940. It continued until the death of Babe in 1957.
