Following BLOCK-HEADS and CHUMP AT OXFORD, two films that are more complicated. Not that SAPS AT SEA is a bad film - it is the last comedy (except someone insists on JITTERBUGS or another film later) which Laurel & Hardy made. It is just that it is a small film to stop, without the crescendo of the destruction of the elements of the BLOCK-HEADS or the incredible sight of the personality of "Stan" of Stan in CHUMP AT OXFORD to enter into. For 57 minutes it is shorter than two other little film, but in fact it is not a bad step. It has only enough time to discover the correct information. It's not just as special as two. Stan and Ollie are working in a factory that makes horns. I testify that there is little of the influence of Chaplin in this sequence (one remembers an event similar to the meeting line at MODERN TIMES four years ago). Ollie's nerves eventually became, and goes to the rampage. She goes home and (usually) her friend Stan has not helped - Stan has a music lesson and a professor of securities on her instrument (you have found - trombone). After blowing the poor professor, Ollie has a problem with a skilled / unskilled engineer (Ben Turpin for a short look), and then he faces his doctor (Jimmy Finleyson) and his brave player (balloon that reduces when you hit out of the stomach) Ollie). Finleyson declares that it is the worst case of "horniphobia", and Ollie needs a holiday with a lot of calm and goat's milk. They go to the ship but Ollie and Stan don't know anything about water transport - so they plan to sleep on the ship. Unfortunately the goat is stringing until it breaks out and the ship leaves. Also unfortunately, on board is Richard Cramer, a dangerous criminal who has escaped. This will not be a peaceful holiday. SAPS AT SEA (like CHUMP) can be a third cup, one in a factory, one in a house, and one on a boat. Each would have a short success, and all of them make a beautiful film - but connecting to all parts shows. There are some very interesting moments in the film - the invention of how the ineptitude of Turpin causes various mishaps and water pipes and apartment stations; The words of the crash manager's construction manager Charlie Hall when Stan or Ollie runs with him and asks for directions ("Can you help me get an apartment?" asks Stan - "Indeed, you can't miss it - it's down!", says Hall, who knows what the opinion of just what he did; and the abuse of Cramer's two slave slaves. He calls Ollie "Dizizi" and Stan "Daffy" (meaning to the Muslims of the St. Louis Cardinal of the 1930s - see Dan Dailey's PRIDE OF ST LOUIS). Cramer has the boys cooked on the food - and makes a synthetic meal for the wind, for example to make the patient stronger. Realizing what they have done, he commands them to eat themselves. Their ears are brilliant. SAPS AT SEA is not suitable for the top line of Laurel & Hardy film, but it's a good film in general, with a good conclusion for the best years of film work (1927 - 1940) when they had Hal Roach. In the last few years before the appearance of boys and Roach they had serious problems related to production costs (OUR FACILITIES, where Stan was a producer of film), artistic problems (events from SWISS MISS were unintentional), and contract arguments (leading for Ollie appearing with Harry Langdon in ZENOBIA). Stan and Ollie are faced with an explosion, where production was not Roach but Boris Morros'. Finally the two photographs of CHUMP AT OXFORD and SAPS AT SEA concluded the arguments and problems - and to the highest level the boys left Roach. Unfortunately they did not find any connection to the film and producer as satisfactory as this was.
