I enjoyed this film more than anything that had caused it to expect; from reading other comments here, I think it is very helpful to appear on the full screen in movies, as well as happy and enthusiastic listeners. I was lucky to have this experience, I had a surprise of laughter from all sides, and I had a very good time with this unpleasant comedy. It is like a comedy that shines, if it shines anywhere. Music is not special - in fact, I did not realize * was * music, and I was very surprised when the dad was lost in a minute of talking - but I must admit that half of the threat, the half of 'Oh, what I will do ... 'proved to be more interesting than it was at that time, since it is still going on both sides and round my head! The plot, as it is, is largely around the history of Francesca, the name of the sixteenth century that plays hairstyle and fur. His idea of ​​marriage is not entirely a jibe with those of his distant descent, Angelina's Numbers, and one can almost hear the story of journalism in the seams under the problems of the Production Code to ensure that the heroine comes regardless of bed His marriage was very late with the right person ... \ t But where the script and the film really lives in the next sex war. The failure of Douglas Fairbanks Jr's Angelina's marriage of Betty Grable is just the same as the result of Betty-Grable-as-Francesca, and thus completing the full decision in a series of fantasy fantasy where she - in fact - throws her feet. Perhaps it is a comic compound of the plot, though the combination of a clear Collinary Column is being done and the touch left in the "remaining" operations of the operetta structure, and the Fairbanks' pleasure, the wake up is more or less than the price value register alone. Great is the most influential in establishing its two distinct characters, wisely acquires all opportunities to sing (limited), and shares the respect where the swathes of the dialogue in the various duels are appropriate. But in the field of senseless reaction he has been removed from the truth and his male aid; Fairbanks is mainly treating in a non-verbal manner that placement and humor deserves a silent screen. This video is not very suitable for the style to be normal, unlike the bright sandwich for hackneyed tedium. But for its quality it is really very honest in fact, and brought round the spontaneous blows with laughter in the last end room if the lights went up. From the tune and its times, it may have failed to draw a modern audience - but, to show this, it certainly did not deserve to be rejected by the director of Grable and Preminger, (without receiving). This is not a trick, but a small recreational activity, and I for one I found myself removing all the way home.
