This was the first PPV in the new era for WWE as Hulk Hogan, the Last Warrior, Ric Flair and Sherri Martel were all left. New talents of talent were needed to be influenced. And this all started with Lex Luger, a former NWA World heavyweight host given a head shot against Yokozuna. Lex traveled throughout the United States on a bus called Lex Express to encourage Americans to flee behind him with his efforts to beat a Japanese monster (who was actually Samoan) and get a WWE revolution in the hands of America. So there is much expectation for this match. <br /> But every good PPV requires less passports and this has good things. The night started with Razor Ramon winning Ted DiBiase in a good match. The story into this was that DiBiase took Ramon and even gave him a job as a slave after losing his shock to 1-2-3 Kid for a RAW in July. Ramon, angry, had lived with 1-2-3 Kid against a team of Money Money's Ted DiBiase and Irwin R Shyster. To deal with all their differences they were given one in one match DiBiase vs Ramon and Shyster vs Kid. Razi was able to deal with the deal after hitting the Edge Card. The Steiner Levin put the WWE Tag Team certificates on the line against the Heavenly Groups. Stopping the interference of the "Bodies" Jim Cornette Manager, who struck Scott Steiner in the throat with a tennis racket, managed to win the winner in a good match. Shawn Michaels and Mr Perfect had a hero since Wrestlemania IX when Shawn Michaels finished Perfect after losing her to Lex Luger. Perfect had reduced Michaels to the InterContinental Championship when he pleaded in the title match against Marty Janetty. Michaels won the title and put it on the line against Mr Perfect, but Michaels now had a strong ally in his corner of the 7th body of diesel. Micheals and Perfect had the best match here, but it was a diesel who confirmed a different manufacturer, casting Perfect out of the ring and taking him to the steel stages for Shawn win by counting out. Irwin R Shyster retaliated to lose his team team earlier at night, easily accounting for a 1-2-3 finger. Then came one of the big night games like Bret Hart who fought against Jerry Lawler in the name of the unwanted King WWE. But Lawler came out of the chairs, suffering a car accident earlier that day and that he had planned another opponent for Hart: Doink Clown. Hart and Doink had a possible match which Hart won with sharpshooter. At that time he had jumped from behind with Lawler. This bought WWE President Jack Tunney for a ring that told Lawler that he would get a lifetime ban if he had no war against Hart. Hart then destroys Lawler, winning and sharpshooter, but Hart refused to allow hold to the candidate for his decision. So after all Lawler was called an unwanted King of WWE. This match was followed by Ludvig Borda to destroy Marty Janetty in a short match. Undertaker finished his long competition with Harvey Wippleman, which started in 1992 when Undertaker won the Wippleman Kamala client in Summerslam and continued when the recent Wippleman Gonzales Giant had destroyed Taker in Rumble and then again in Wrestlemania, and the victory over Gonzales here. Gonzales then turned Wippleman, choosing him after a bad match. It was during the six stages of identification such as Smoking Gunns (Bart and BIlly) and Tatanka won the Head of Soup (Samu and Fatu) and Bam Bam Bigelow and Tatanka pinning Samu. This brings us to the main event by Yokozuna, hit by Jim Cornette and Mr Fuji, putting the head of WWE on the line against Lex Luger and all were on the Express Express board. Lex went out to attack, but Yokozuna took control. Lex came back as though he was able to escape the banzai and then the body of slam Yokozuna before defeating him outside the ring. Luger then attacking Cornette and Fuji as Yokozuna counted out. Luger won a good match !!!!! Balloons fell from the ceiling. All the heroes came out to thank him for his victory. Yokozuna could have that name, but Luger had confirmed that he could be beaten. The only question was who could beat him in the ring and get that name?
