Spider-Man is in my opinion superhero best ever, and this game is the best superhero game ever. Although it can be very simple, you should play several times to get all the clothes and book covers of comic, which makes it easy to go through the game. It may seem difficult to control at first, but once you get dependent, you will be placed on the Internet as Spider-Man yourself. <br /> <br /> Operators, when the level is very simple, it's fun. The first boss, Scorpion, is very easy to beat, which should not be so because if the fans of comic books know, Scorpion is one of the many criminals of Spider-Man's murder. The second boss, Rhino, is also very easy. The third boss is Venom, who in my opinion is a simple boss in the game, which is not recommended to be necessary. Boss 4 is Venom again. At this time, he is a little hard to beat but it's still easy. The 5th boss is Mysterio, who I think is the most happy boss in battle. He is also one of the greatest leaders, but again, it is still very simple. The second boss is Revelation, who is, revealed, is easy to beat. But murder is really fun to fight. The Lord of 7 is Doctor Octopus, who is like all the other great bosses, but not as easy as others because he has a shield. The 8th and last Boss is unique to the game, never in a comic or cartoon book. I will not destroy you for those who have never played the game, but the master is the only boss in the game that is not very easy. He took me 4 or 5 trying to beat while others beat them for the first or second experiments. <br /> <br /> For all, a very good game. I gave 8 out of 10. The reasons I did not give 9 or 10 are that once you come to all the clothes and comic book they find a type of neglect (getting all the things will take time though), it's not very accurate according to comic books or cartoon show, the older ones are very easy, and should use Hobgoblin and / or Green Goblin as a boss, I think it would be fun to fight someone flying around the air! They didn't use you in a sequel for this game either! Well Goblin's Green is a man in the movie Spider-Man, so hope will make a video game based on the film.
