Jacknife is a movie of war that is almost just away from the war as the war movies are receiving. It is not possible to be considered a war of war, because the only way that any war has an impact on stories or characters is in their memory, and even these cannot be shown. It brings very interesting questions about life, especially in the way that the lighting film says that only one of them is alive (and by the way, though the identification means Dave (Ed Harris) and Megs (Robert DeNiro), is talking about all three characters in the film). Dave and Megs were friends in Vietnam's battle, and Megs has returned to take Dave out on a fishing trip that they have been planning for longer than you might have changed. It does provide a perfect performance of Pig behavior, which we are not sure if we like or if it is like nuts like Martha thinks she is. Dave reminds Martha several times that Megs is not his friend, the only person he knows. There is a great area in the movie where Megs has gone to grab six packs of beer from his car for breakfast, and he is around the corner of the room when Dave says this. Meat stands for a while and then enters the room with a smile and a big greeting. Then you will discover how the strokes were to feel when they heard that, being one of them to remember what they planned to do this day. It reminds me of the old destruction, 'Certainly, let's do that,' something that people often say, don't have any plans to do anything. Ed Harris announced good performance like Dave, who had no more of the effects that the war had. Even years later he has not lost his friend's death during the war, defending himself to this day and thus extinguishing his life in alcohol, smoking, and solitude. All he says, he says, is for people to fear him alone. This is not a person who lives his life in a way that he wants, if people leave him alone or not, he is a man who tries to forget that he is alive, separating himself from the world of living as possible. br /> <br /> Martha's sister reminds me of myself, at least for my colleagues. I have two partners who are 21 and 24 years old, and both are doing as they live with their mothers, expecting their mess to leave when they leave the room for a while. Directly (old, sadly), he doesn't have any self-care, I wonder I don't need to cancel the chin while eating. Martha has to do the same with her brother, who waits with her hand and foot while passing through life from one hangover to the next. Martha and Dave are faced with a good life and none of them can happen until something big changes, and Dave needs to make a change. <br /> <br /> I tend to complain about love in movies that are not just like Roger Ebert complaining about devices with tiny tension, digital red reading. But in this case, I don't think that the love that goes between Megs and Martha had any effect on all the movie. On the contrary, it made it more interesting, because it couldn't be predictable. The problem with romantic programs in Bruckheimer movies and what is not that they are so predictable that you are waiting for the definite end to come and hope that something interesting will happen on the way. In this case, however, it is not clear that something will happen between Megs and Martha because we do not know enough about Mangoko. Martha could be right on it, that she is one of the Dave warriors and that it is not a human being that she should have a partner. Dave certainly encourages this idea. A few years after this film, DeNiro made Cape Fear, where he has a criminal offender for retaliation against a lawyer who imprisoned him, a habit that, in the past, makes it much easier to think that maybe at the end Jacknife Martha is aware of her mistake, removing Megs, and she and Dave builds because she saved her from a bad relationship and then decides to clean up her act because she has done something good for her. I was half expecting this to be done, so I was surprised when Martha and Megs grew up together and even more surprised when Megs asks Dave all questions about what they planned to do after the war. <br /> <br /> This time is a slow moving game, but Jacknife is a fun way along and has a great advantage at the end, which surprises that sappy would be cheesy. There is almost a feeling at the end of the film that looks like all the film, but it's so nice that it can't say anything that the film has accomplished to that point. Everyone involved has given them a good performance, and is one of the films that have never made you want to stand and shake your fists to win.
