Novella's reading and watching this film has encouraged my wife and me for a new level. Recently I was investigating the information presented by Thomas Kinkade in one of his attractive books; He says: "You and I were not made to breathe a fifth of the traffic of the traffic nor do I think God had television programs, media, valuables, and air pollution in the mind when he created the world." it passes that way "in a few years, but after meditating Kinkade's statement something that made us look at the film with a spiritual eye. I watched it and saw the new world on the film and led me to read the book (you must read). I have been confused in Southern California but somehow I found you in his physical community. This film focuses on how we should get the experience of God's creation. The story of Macleans's story and my desire to return to North-West has taken me to move to Montana. I want my future children to create an environment, to go fishing with me, riding horses to be nothing but open milk and milk set on the mountain. Where you do not worry about crime. I look closer to SoCal and everything I see is a commercial supermarket, the evil supporters in their Mercedez Bens, miles of cars on free roads, violence, color clashes around a violent explosion, and everyone is dealing with each goal one. Yet the film is very interesting and a great acting and a comprehensive story about the good relationship of loved ones. There are many deep ideas in this film. The environment is worth seeing alone and really helps reduce tension. You should finish this film but it is still full of insight into your own life. It takes a sympathetic, intelligent, and spiritual person to really understand what it means. If you don't know the art of movies and how the director fulfills its goals through dialogue, sound, light, color, landscape, camera / movement, etc.. Then this film is probably not for the crowd that you think "Fasting and Furious" is the biggest film. It was indeed a fun but not deep. Underneath below: This film helps to realize that life is not about how much money or things you have. Rather it is about your relationship with family and friends and the experience you share. KNOWLEDGE WILL NOT WANT
