Did you see a Student? It was revealed as a generation of his generation. But the river flows through It is a story about all generations. Long before the behavior of Dustin Hoffman became closed in the modern traps of the modern, Norman Maclean and his brother Paul were faced with the same pressure of increasing that they tried to find their place on earth. But how is the place like a WW1 Montana post to be a showcase for the American family, while Wild West has not yet been completely? What is Maclean just hit in the strongest detail to whom all of us are and what we need in order to magnify ourselves? When the movie opens, Norman is an old man, jumping by jumping along a sharp river, trying to understand his own course has taken. The movie is a real trip through its own course of consciousness, against the current time and back when it was a boy. He and his younger brother Paul were sons of Presbyterian minister and a dedicated mother. Parents should enter their responsibilities. Mother takes care of the house and home. The Father does the Lord's work. Boys reflect what they will be when they grow up. Norm has been reduced by a striker or a minister like his father. Because of the choice, Paul would be the striker, since he said his first fisherman's choice was not even. The boys grow up into trouble with their obstacles, fighting to see who is fierce and doing things for the brothers, while all attending the church and participating in all other spiritual things like flying. They are the same points in their life before the university. But when Norm returns from six years in Dartmouth, things are very different. Paul is on his game. Master jump. Grad of a close college and newspaper writer who knows every soldier on the beat and every judge on the bench. Norman has a very good education for his day but he has little idea about making his life, even if his father tells him what he wants to do. You are left to feel at least for the popes, God will call you to the work of your life. But you should stay open and ready to receive - all your life. The Father has always taken his sons to reflect on the side of the river and reflect God's eternal words. "Listen," their father urges them. It's Zen and Quakerly. Pretty radical for stoic clergyman. But for all the beauty and reflection, and though the Macleans are truly God-fearing, who study the Scriptures, how does the Muslim family Maclean decrease? Paul is a true perfection if he pulls a fish down, but he feels to pull gambling and run, when his family does not know how to stop him from the wind where he seems to be moving. Mother, Father and Brother all seem to have the same despair for ignorance they should do and why they can't seem to help. Pauly just all his waves and grin with his charm of his absence. But the younger brother loses his burden. Norman begins to get his life on track, looking for love and work, but Paul continues to slide. A family that loves him looks without help. Mother, Father, Brother emerges in his own way trying to help, but it is not very effective. What? A very loving family can have enough equipment to handle this? How can a person be so beautiful and graceful in the nature of God, but somehow he is unworthy or unwilling to enter into a society that God's people have made themselves? These are all questions Norman thinks throughout his life. The eternal words under the smooth stone of the river always hate, but keep their secret. The movie is good to watch. This is certainly the land of God, and imitating the cinema win Oscar. Director Robert Redford plays with stories from this book and stimulates his comments by following the emotional example that he presents, and works well. But go back and read the book, too. You will see Norman made a relationship with his old man even more than a movie may suggest - and you will see where the words of the story authors beat and sing right away with an exciting page for the river that runs its way, leading into an unknown.
