This is a very good movie. Sumitra Bhave has always made a smart movie and this is my most popular film. This movie should win the National Prize and would be my choice to represent India on Oscars. It is at least a thousand times better than 'Shaaws', which goes to Oscars, from India, this year. It is compassionate as information about this (and other Indian movies) on IMD is missing and sometimes even the same. Sadashiv Amrapurkar played a very important role in this film and even not accepted on these pages. Some of the callers and staff are not fully described. The prize and selection of this film are not given even when Sonali Kulkarni won the Indian National Award for this film. No one vote was given to 'Doghi'. 'Doghi' is not a Indian movie. It is Marathi, and thanks to the run of a song and dance, it is not available on the beauty and half of the wick designer. It is a real life, a story of a heart that is made with little knowledge and respect. 'Doghi' which can be translated as 'two women' is a story of two sisters, Gauri and Krishna. In fact it is a very simple story, Sumitra Bhave does not give in many small plots, and so makes it very hard to lead. The whole movie is installed in a village far away from Maharashtra and screens are not available away from the house of two female characters. No delightful sun values ​​in this. The movie is opening and we are brought to the whole house, which is preparing for the wedding Gauri. Gauri and Krishna's father is a hard-working farmer, the house is full and happy; nothing is needed in their simple life. However, during Gauri's night the husband meets a serious accident. Gauri's father is unable to carry the good news and he has a serious stroke. Without power, a member of the house can fall apart but Gauri's mother holds responsibility. She works and when she can, but she can't reach the end. But his life is still, it's easier than Gauri. Hope, that half-hearted people are trying to forget, to make Gauri the unfortunate sender. He is clear from the community. Gauri's mother writes to her brother. Failure of support he accepts his views. She takes Gauri to Mumbai where she works in the baptist. Gauri brings home the money he gets and their situation improves. Gauri gives his life for his family. But when Gauri returns home for a Krishna wedding, his mother does not come to meet him. He does not allow Krishna around him and does not allow Gauri in front of visitors. He loves Gauri but fear for Krishna's life. This breaks quite Gauri and decides to return to his unfortunate life. But Krishna runs and holds Gauri. She asks her dear sister to return. Krishna promises to stand by him. The promise that they could deal with the world? together. Nothing is not needed in this film. Everything is important and adequate. Gauri goes away from Mumbai but what he does is never told? The trick conversation tells us what to know. It is just anonymous information, which is deep in its simplicity. 'Doghi' is a relevant movie. It's an honor for something that deals with. Is respect for his audience? you don't think you have four-year-old mental abilities. <br /> <br /> Acting is the first level. Trends are amazing? The silences bear the story forward, no words can be. Script is well researched. Anyone who enjoys good movies will be like 'Doghi'.
