I have read a short story by Norman Maclean, and the movie did justice by writing to Norman Maclean. My husband tries to review it regularly, and I myself have read it with pictures of the movie going to mind. We have many Redford video clips and we have watched "The river you use through" many times. Redford is part of the "famdamily" as he is always around. We can't get tired of Redford's views of Norman Maclean's, and the beauty of Montana. The script reminds me of my own birth as my father had a similar call to Mr. Maclean's father. According to "The River Uses Through Them," "Methodists are Baptists who can read," a verse that is not in a short story, but I think that's a wonderful line! My husband and I read well the Baptists! <br /> <br /> I have heard the state of the film's criticism that the speed of this movie is very slow. I refuse. If you find one of the inner peace, this is a kind of movie that will make you reflect the natural beauty in the third / fourth grade of metronome. Photography is the best! Acting is good. I love the place where Norman and Paul as boys spoke and wondered if someone could be a flying fisherman or a box! Then as an older man Paul played with Brad Pitt (Se7ven) is a "perfect man" who needs help and drunkenness but he will not accept it. The situation applies to Neal Burns, who uses worms as bait, also needed help but did not accept the fact that she needed help. The place where Paul refuses to eat oatmeal and the whole family is waiting for ever to say grace! Finally after hours, they all around the table to say: "Grace!" and all come out. But oatmeal sat on the plate! The area where two are interested in birds and their tattoos for their supporters! That's funny! Sunshine! Return home where Jessie Burns (Emily Lloyd) decides to go through the train line! Good conversation when Norman suggests Jessie because she wants to come with him Chicago! Redford himself does a good job as an author. I couldn't control myself by comparing Brad and Redford youth (Barefoot in the park). Selected Director, Producer, Actor, is a viewer who deserves praise for its development not only in movies in the United States but around the world. I am happy to live in nine hundred and five because I have seen the beginning of black and white television, movies and all the technology and special effects, watching video at home and living in the same century as Redford because I have had the opportunity to see its work. Redford does not require special effects to show us the beauty of Montana in this jewel. My river means that a line separates life from death, memory and reality. Redford shows the hands of the Creator with delight and the river flows that way.
