Remember Ralph Bakshi? The boy who was animator on Terrytoons, then on Paramount Cartoon Studios, after that, was the director of Fritz Cat 1 & 2 and Heavy Traffic? Well, this is the Coonskin. And it's really very good. Citizens, but it's good. The film takes place in Harlem Nights (No, duh, it was the head of work) but with deviation becomes the lights of the Disney movie, Southern Song. It's about Sampson (Barry White) and Preacher (Charles Gordone) are running to help their friend, Randy (Philip Thomas Thomas) to escape from prison, but have been stopped by road and wind roads to shoot the police. While waiting for them, Randy did not listen to the voice of loved ones Pappy (Scatman Crothers), starting to tell Randy stories about "three people, I knew, if you and your friends". Pappy's story has been told in the animation set against images of photos and videos. Brother Rabbit (the voice of Thomas), Brother Bear (the voice of White), and Preacher Fox (the sound of Gordone) decided to carry up and leave their South lands after the bank rented their home and sold it to someone who returns to the pig. Reaching Harlem, Rabbit, Bear, and Fox is looking for not all that has been made. They meet a man called Savior Simple, a phony revolutionary leader who says he is a "cousin" of the black Jesus, and that he gives his followers "power to kill the white". In the performance of flashy action in its "church", the Savior appears to have an attack on black marks of blackness? Represented by images of John Wayne, Elvis Presley and Richard Nixon, before asking his allies "aid". The first rabbit goes against Madigan, a white police officer and gender discrimination and a fund of Mafia, who shows contempt for African Americans in various ways, including refusing to bathe before meeting them. he believes they don't value it. When Madigan finds that Rabbit has been taking his steps, he and his partners, Ruby and Bobby, are led to a nightclub called "The Cottontail". The black striker separates him when the sugar cube LSD dropped into his drink. Madigan, with the influence of his drinking drink, then became involved in a sexual relationship with a male man, and then he was beaten with garments that women were representatives of the color archetype, decorated with racism, and finally drove back The club where he discovered that Ruby and Bobby have died. Then, when he was recovering from his symptoms of medication, he shot his gun randomly, and was shot by the police after shooting one of them. The Rabbit, Bear, Fox and the opponent's striker are running from the field of the box while you beat. The story of living takes Randy and Pappy as they are being shot by white soldiers, but they can make it alive. <br /> <br /> This movie was controversial at the time of release, modified by the director several times under the head, Street Fight, which is clear, since Street Fight is a 2005 document on racism on the street. In fact, this film has a similar subject to the document. That has led to Bryanston Photo, the division of this film and the original Tobe Hopper session, the killing of the Chainsaw of Texas, going out of business. Because Paramount wanted to produce and distribute this film, but because of racism, Bryanston took the Bakshi <br /> <br /> production with the debate, it was worth entertainment. The animation was awesome at the time, the plot is very important, and it is also fun. VERDICT OF THE YEAR: 9/10
