It can be my popular film Ralph Bakshi. As best of his work, it is located in your face and not ashamed for the second, but unlike other other works (even when he is better, which was before and after the Coonskin and Heavy Traffic and Witches), it is not uneven, despite appear to the contrary. Bakshi takes the views and views of the race, of course, but moreover he does what appears to be a freewheeling operating film; Close printing, although Bakshi did not stop there. If it was just a reflection of the use of animation can be enough for a large feature. But Bakshi's goals are high: to give us these beautiful and widespread images of people not only black but Italian / gay, gay, Jewish, New York-based in the quarter of Manhattan in 70 years, can not do anything really. The most common creation in the "real" look is, in fact, a naked woman who made a red, white and blue color. By scoffing at these gatherings with these horrible forms of racism (ie "tar -rabbit," a joke, a joke, with a black face), we look forward to a great deal. And better, Bakshi doesn't take too much, different from Spike Lee and film as Bamboozled, in delivering his message. So, for the most part, Coonskin is a hilarious piece of work, where some of the pictures and things have been done and a sudden walk and, of course, abnormal behavior (I liked the area where three animation characters are spoken by real life The white couple in tux and dress like to look "color" and so on), not just laugh. It's not just an image, which is inside and itself of the "top" more-programmed, but that screenplay is bright and, this is important for Bakshi this time to consider, has a harmonious story with a string with improvisations and madness. Using the first step of survival, then animation, and then comparing the two of the clever (usually, what Bakshi later went to the commercial form with Cool World has been made here with T-T The red edge, Pappy and Randy are waiting out of the prison wall to a friend of escape, and Pappy says the story of Brother Rabbit, who with Brother Bear and Preacher Fox to go to Harlem and have great hoodlums when, and Rabbit for direct resistance and the human character of Jabba-the-Hut. It is clear to remove from the South Song and a happy and good fortune and animation, here it has been taken away and displayed on how damaged and offensive it is. However Bakshi goes to break in combining form; Animated characters are standing behind and migrating with live history; when violence and weapons and fights occur like a bloody as it can get to 1975; when the dirty police is located on the bar and caused by drugs and put in a black face and dress, it goes in such a way that even Disney can reach with Dumbo; The boxing match with Brother Bear and the opponent as the peak is shown in the course of wild motion; The documentation comes from time to time of old movies, some and some from 20 years that is not recommended. <br /> <br /> Like Mel Brooks or Kubrick or, recently, South Park, Bakshi's Coonskin works as an entertainment first and then wait-pushing the second. It is also a decisive film-making choice; everything from a long time takes into the default settings and structures for all characters (however all based on the theme of the piece) all serve the ideas in the script, where its B film program opens more for translation. Calling the racist loses the point; is as a call for Dr Strangelove pro-atomic destruction or Slave of the United States of Slavery. And, for me, it's one of the best satires ever made.
