After finally watching the Walt Disney Song of the South on myspace, I decided to look at Ralph Bakshi's response to the video-video Afro Video that I linked from Google Video. In this, during the survival process, the preacher (Charles Gordone) takes his friend Sampson (Barry White) with him to take Picpy (Scatman Crothers) and Randy (Philip Thomas, years before adding Michael to his middle professional name) like those The last two were in prison. During their trial, Pappy told Randy's story of Brother Rabbit (the voice of Thomas), Brother Bear (White), and Preacher Fox (Gordone) and their events in Harlem. As expected in many of these Bakshi efforts, there is a combination of animation and animation that provides a unique perspective from the author / director who is sure to prosecute certain people. Another interesting characteristic animation is Miss America who is a very big-like in every way - a white-colored woman wearing a red, white, and blue-and-blue-necked trap that holds a black black man and has made one of the most sexually active ways that were awesome to me! There are a lot of such events that are chosen in the picture which another related to the anatomy of Brother Bear's presence also gave great laughter from me. There is also a part of the woman who tells the child of the "cockroach" that she was a friend and who had left her who was touching and that part of it seems to be a tax artist for comic artist George Herriman. I was also attracted to the Grover Washington Jr version. "No Sunshine" heard as part of the logo. The most compelling part of the picture was to see Scatman himself being displayed by his head in the silhouette during the opening of the opening loan and announcing a song that he uses N-word through satirical. When I saw the VHS cover of these years of films, it had shown Brother Rabbit through anger before what was seen as Warner circles for the slogan, "This movie will say everyone". That is a perfect warning for anyone who thinks all cartoons mean for children. That said, I certainly recommend Coonskin for Bakshi fans and all kinds of animation.
