A strange diagnosis occurs when some kind of phenomenon is happening! To be, the fighters are leaving, preaching theft, no destructive wind in his way, or, for that, any wonderful event! In the case of Family Maclean, however, reveille was something that was not much harder than their daily life. Montana in the early twentieth century was a scenario that was bad and stable ... Maclean's family had four people, father , a hostess, who was able to develop his family well. His wife was God fearing, and wise. Two boys were, well ... WORKERS !! .. What else can you say? ... Brad Pitt made a star in this film before being real! Brad Pitt, and his acting performance in this film was, say at least, amazing !!! .. His brother, Norman, was a kind of brain, touched by emotions that were true, and motivated by the values ​​that Missoula, Montana agreed with !! Paul (Brad Pitt) was a criterion for dealing with, and he lived on the edge ... You would think that Montana in the 1920s had nothing like that, but somehow, gambling, drinking, and violent competition, were a great part of Paul, as it was his fishing rod! Fly fishing! Did I say that? For parents, this was the basis of this film theme! Flying fishing was like a bond bond that made homogenized spirits of relatives of Maclean's relatives, and to a lesser degree, father! I would like to describe the acting in this film as a very reliable, and the movie goes beyond the feeling. Put this way, anyone who sees this film will want to live in Montana. A bluer respiratory film than blue mountains and rivers took young people and the success that Maclean's brothers had in life ... Usually in the film you are witnessing where feelings once ask for a desire to accomplish whatever a person wishes to complete. they lived a whole life, and better or worse, the father knew that this is the only way the two can be men! ... Robert Redford focuses on this film, and tells the story of Maclean through a brother's view, Norman ... Norman gets a title at the University of Chicago at the age of 26, and gives the woman a love and ... What this film also describes, is that the younger brother, Paul, has reached the perfect nt for his own to be the attractiveness of an amazing fisherman to fly! The part of a life of life is held in the presence of a younger brother, and makes the worst kind of violence to the Maclean family! Since many human failures are going, the Maclean family has provided a waste of water, (literally) and so, solidly united as a family, by putting the necessary blindness on !!! <br /> At the end of the film "River Runs Through It" offers an epigram of life through the eyes of a big brother. For Norman Maclean, stand is a prerequisite to hold in its emerging years! That fate is mainly due to the fact that meditating on his life is the same as the desire for people who have passed away! The good memories of his brother, his wife, his mother, and his father must now be considered a philosophy! For Norman, his life has been discovered by the truth of the stubborn who has decided his bad attitude, and to solve it safely! Something as simple as the statement "This was your life, and that's how you lived" is remembered for joy on happiness, sadness, sadness, and love, gave, and also was the recipient of !! Better to put in the last sermon when he heard his father give, his father said, "We can love him completely without understanding them." If you agree with what happened in your life or not, it happened yet! Norman Maclean must be proud of the fact that his life is divided and misunderstood! Norman Maclean has been a fighter fighter who is polarized by the real conclusion to his life !! The river river of the rivers of Montana serve as the finish and despair of its years on earth! Without question, a very interesting statement of "what seems hard is very easy" provides a very acrimonious message in this film ... More just to keep ... People and places that were important in Norman's life, now just a little memory. ... only the intellectual development of events that have been affected by the haunted water of rivers and rivers of Montana ... So, for the entire Maclean family, "all things are connected in one and the river uses the same way"
