Batman and Superman. Iconic. The best part of the century. Who does not know of these two? You must have no fans who would die to make a film about them. Sand Collora went on to keep the trailer for the film (which does not exist, and is not created, to a lesser extent with this team). Maybe this goes further on why it's destroyed. In general, the film displays are stable. Editor is spot-on. Production ethics, even to look more like their comic counterparts than those of the featured films, are very high. It looks quite "Hollywood", this trailer. Physical forms are appropriate, as much as I can tell him, each character. The lines are written correctly. Shots are well thought of, they have been well done and appropriate. However, this has problems, and in spite of a good look, it is not quite the best of the energy and skill of Grayson (which had a problem of separation and return between short and trailer, as well as an unprecedented passion for the inclusion of multiple characters and ideas). Acting is perhaps more obvious. It's ... it's not good. Even some of those who have one line and / or seem to appear on the screen all the time fail to provide good performance. The executives were beaten in the place they seem to be more elected as they seem to act as the players who play more than their talents. Then there are scriptures. True, the plot, well, how much less there (this and this team of behavior, on good plot ...) is good. There is a problem with identity. While most characters seem to be the same, Two-face is, well, on some as an observer (which is very simple, as far as I understand, not what character) if he was in Batman Forever (and have your work on displaying any feature The world of Batman compared to Joel Schumacher's efforts can be considered a great insult to a fan). Also, putting the same character in this will make the comparison between this trailer and the film (honestly, Collora is * praying for * so the same original reveal), and, let's say, this loses every respect. Michael Antonik certainly does not have a screen space which Tommy Lee Jones does, and make-up (which, as described above, is important) is not as strong as that of the film (if not good in the film is another thing). The sad thing is that when Fiorella (John, who created Grayson) seems to be more in the comics, and find them, their depths, better (not to mention being more able to come up with a compelling plot. Grayson had the material enough for two film films, or more), Collora seems to be getting money and can have contacts (because of having an indie credit on his film) to really shoot when making a real outdoor feature its trailer. I am interested in looking at another work of Collora. But Fiorella is one of the two whose work I will be more interested in. I recommend this to fans of characters. 7/10
