I will say this to begin with: Why, oh why, can't WB do what these short film directors do? Sand is open to the wonderful Director, and deserves a loan from WB and DC. But I think they're kinda put on edge when someone with a $ 12,000 budget can make a super-fan drool fan. The best world is one of the best films I have ever seen, Trailer or not. <br /> <br /> I think choosing Body Body (Mike O'Hearn) to play Superman was an intelligent choice. Let's say those people, Superman is not a good example. He can be good, but the GQ student is a hayu. And I don't know what the boy is talking about me on, but Superman is really very good (have you ever read the Superman?). I think the only truth is down to me ... It seems like this open option to find someone with normal muscles to play Super hero, instead of a good face. Same similar to Batman, Bartram is a wonderful shape, and the best Batman ... I don't know the boys ... If you have given a great budget, and his own movie ... I think Bale and Bartram will be Pig and Neck. Below, This is just one of only a few of the Super-Hero movies and actors who actually look at the part. <br /> <br /> Working is very good too. I don't know what everyone is talking about, O'Hearn is not bad. He is a lobby as Superman, and Bartram ... Well, he's Batman. I mean, coming to the people, this film had a $ 12,000 budget of the dollar, what would you expect? Everyone is good too, except Two-face looks like a crazier tader than usual ... But he, we just have Tommy-Lee Jones as a memory. Oh, Lois is very good too. <br /> <br /> SFX is a flippin 'sweet too. I mean, See Superman to lift the car up ... MAN, how cool is that. In the "Tank" area in Grayson, I need to put this on there, for Mike looks like he avoids, and easily. The Flying Process left something needed, but once again, with a big budget ... Oh, and even used Batmobile! (It may be an example, but it seemed appropriate to influence). All, the decline in this trailer is just a lack of a large budget. And WB refuses to accept that Collora is a reliable Director, and HUDA will be different from some kind of Project ... But no, they will come (Like many of the amazing projects) just keep getting these hack directors who show virtually no look for fans and what they care about, and continue to enjoy these movies. Thank God Superman Returns was hit, or that by weight would end it. The Finest World is the best, and in my book, the calculation like the Superhero Movie.
