"Finest World" is a special project. It's a trailer of the movie Superman / Batman crossover which does not exist and it can never exist, at least not with this form, and these characters, artists and plot line however. <br /> <br /> So the film is one big tease, even more than the actual real daily movie rates. Trailer will beat all without something. In this regard, I did not like this short project. While watching this trailer makes you hungry and more excited and at the same time sad- and maybe you'll be misled later, when it turns out that the full movie length of this trailer will never be. The kind of thing makes you wonder why this project was done in the first place. Surely to show the skills of Sandy Collora but he could not do so for a short film, like his original film "Batman: Last End". But you should judge this short only for what it is, so from a technical technical perspective, it is a very big one. It is more professional and more professional than you can expect first, although people who have already seen "Batman: Dead End" will know better than expecting short and paper sets, cheap home clothes and three- level actors. Briefly not always surprising look and definitely the budget was not high-heaven but for many parts it is very surprising and professional looking, with beautiful dress, sets, special effects, movies and lights. The short has a good fast and unusual trailer build, and maybe very little asking shots also quite getting it is reliable but hey, it works well with the trailer style. It has some amazing shots but also a couple of disabled, especially Superman jumping procedure. It was obvious that the man was just standing in a moving car, and the camera separated him from the bottom. I even saw something good to watch. But in fact the best and most interesting time pays the compensation for this. <br /> <br /> Michael O'Hearn appeared as a good Superman / Clark Kent, although he is clearly not a great talented giant around. Clark Bartram repeats his role in Batman well again and Kurt Carley appeared as a surprise of Lex Lush surprises. Some of the cast also served his purpose well. It is really amazing to watch this short after being translated into modern modern superheroes of this film, in the movie "Batman Begins" and "Superman Returns". It is interesting to compare the treatment and style of these films with this. It's really amazing and fun to hear how much Kurt Carley looks like Kevin Spacey, an actor who played Lex Luthor in "Superman Returns". <br /> <br /> It is nice to look good and create a trailer that however it will make you hungry for more, even if you know that there will be no more. Nothing happened to Waner Bros. plans to arrange a full length of the movie Superman / Batman through? I thought that development was going on for the past few years but nothing has ever been heard since. Instead, two new Batman and Superman films were made; "Batman Starts" and "Superman Returns". <br /> <br /> 7/10
