When John Wayne gave his story of Alamo he built a complete Alamo set up in the town of Brackettsville, Texas which is still a tourist attraction. As long as it stops, we will have to set up Alamo translations later. One thing with Dennis Quaid and Billy Bob Thornton took place this century. But I would like to say Alamo: The thirteen days of Glory is the best story of the Alamo shown. John Wayne's film is as good as it failed, but it is John Wayne's film and a redone story to fill John Wayne's screening characteristics. Brian Keith plays Davy Crockett here and gives a good description of the character of the rollicking stick. It is more close to Professor Lon Tinkle's book on Alamo than Wayne's film and after reading the years of the previous book I have been able to prove it. Tinkle's book is listed as a source in both films, but Tinkle who was alive at the time when Wayne's film was done and was not happy with the result. Alec Baldwin was close to the correct age for young William Barrett Travis, a fighter of freedom of conduct who was always the owner of a slave. Returning to that day no one has seen a contradiction. One thing that was not examined and has never been the Travis's car of danger. He was the south-western Casanova, even laid the diary of the salacious of his triumphal libidinal. But someone who gets dirty is always Jim Bowie, played here with James Arness. He was a hero in Alamo to be sure, but his work before Alamo was that of surprise. He was a refugee, a slave trader, near a man selling the land he had a name of doubt. But his heroic death certainly redeemed him. There is no sense that it is in the picture of Arness and any other I saw of Bowie on the screen. And of course he created a Bowie knife, which was made for his notes. The man needed the weapon. But the main property which The Alamo: The thirteenth day of Glory has a full picture of Antonio De Lopez De Santa Anna, the Mexican president who comes personally to put down the insurgency led by North Americans who have come stay in Texas at the Mexican invitation. Unfortunately the Americans came with pre-conceived ideas about freedom that did not do so to the south, at least for the white people. Raul Julia plays Santa Anna who is still the most controversial figure in Mexican history. He was also a surprise, but was the best Mexicani produced until the real restructuring called Benito Juarez came. This film was the performance of Lorne Greene's short-sighted act as Sam Houston. Greene is not my conception of Houston, he was really very old to that part, Houston was in his early 1836 years, was still not the chief of Texas. But within the limits given, Greene is doing a good job. For the romantic story of Alamo's story in all ways look at the version of John Wayne, but for historical content I recommend this film very much.
