Become a fan of religious film, a child of 80 years and a rock of hard rock music ... This movie has a special place in my heart. It contains everything you can want on an unfamiliar film: action, special special effects (for 1986) and a sound guamme sound. Certainly it was a movie for all fans of powerful metal at that time. I have not seen this on the movie because it has never been given a voice here ... but it is popular on the video during the mid-nineteenth century it got a form of worship and ultimately led to the release of DVD (sadly, in large quantities) in 2002. If you are not A fan of interesting movies or rock music then might not be your cup of tea ... but, honestly, there are bad films out there ... and, despite the moderate acting and some of the worst situations, crude or treating it is very obvious right on the usual fear of price. You will never look at your stereo in the same way again. Or should I say MP3 player? Try to find the TREAT TRIVIA - The price of Marc (Eddie) played a modern Skiek Handelman on a popular long-standing comedy family. After a direct string to video flops including, 'Little Devils''And Tomatoes eat France' and 'Rescue' left on the act to perform the work in the stand-comedy. Recently, he has been thinking TV returns. Glen Morgan (Roger) is now a great teacher / Hollywood picture writer. He has written and produced several great films and television series, including: 'Space: Top and More' 'X-Files' 'Final Destination''Tet's One''Willard' and soon 'End Destination 3'. Tony Fields (Sammi) began to work as a player on the 'Gold Solid' TV series. He appeared in several low budget films and television shows before he landed his breakout as Sammi Curr devil in 'Trick or Treat'. Sadly, Tony lost on 27 February 1995 of AIDS-related cancer. Doug Savant (Tim) probably remembers well for his career of pioneer desire for sexuality Matt Fielding at the popular 'Melrose Place' sitcom. Since then, he has had a long and distinct work, seen in the film and television series as: 'One''Godzilla''CSI: The Criminal Investigation' trial and short lived Joss Whedon sci-fi 'Firefly' series . He can now appear as Tom Scavo on a series of smash 'Housepress House'.
