I heard about this film while watching "100 More Features of VH1" VH1. In part, Gene Simmons (who played came) and several other people interviewed talked about how this movie is quite bad. Unlike many people, I am often attracted to watching movies that have a reputation for being ridiculously worse than, say, the movie center. The advantage of having such a view is half-time when I know that movies are not close to bad as people said, and I end up enjoying them much more than I previously expected. That was my experience with "Trick or Treat." Now, it is difficult to make a film about a young boy who gets a message from a very strong metal star by playing one of his vintage memories without people accusing him. Indeed, surely it's a wonderful premise, but one that has never been done before! Send the film makers to the background of Pete! If you are looking to buy a DVD, without having a pre-movie experience, do not hesitate to consider Ozzy Osbourne and Gene Simmons is a star. However, although Simmons has a role of gratitude, Ozzy has a wonderful pastor as Pastor (certainly, Pastor !!) who says contrary to heavy metals. For one thing, it's funny to see Ozzy with short hair. And for another thing, you can not help but laugh on the irony. Indeed, it is a cheap shot, but it is highly effective. Acting is very good. I saw convincing demonstrations. The boy's characters are clichéd horribly. So expect a common layer of jocks and nerds. And as in each of these movies, a beautiful girl is a noble person who has compassion for the main character left, still going with her jock partner. Why is he going out with the perfect jerk in the first place? Because the plot requires an obstacle. No other reason. But I can't deny that one of my pleasures of guilt is to look at the bad jocks in these movies going down, since I was outcast in high school. The movie put my interests in a large part, but the third act is also a common way and has caused me to blow my eyes if there will be one condition to predict after another. But the film is not so bad and it is worth looking at the rainy day. (7 out of 10)
