The best film on the battle of San Antonio, Texas in March 1836, was John Wayne's 1960 Epic THE ALAMO. In a single shooting career as a producer of director, who for a short time financially tied him, Wayne demonstrated that he had talent in making films out of his icon as the ability to act on the West. I have commented on the film in the review of another night, and I told him that Wayne and James Edward (photo writer) collected points that were not mentioned in the preliminary films. They brought the issue of slavery. They also eventually spoke of the contribution of the Mexican landowner Juan Seguin as a key leader in the Liberation War as well as Crockett, Bowie, Travis, Austin, and Houston. But there is one weakness (though well hidden) in the film. Wayne worked hard to put it well, thinking of many people for leading responsibilities in it. But, he did not deal well with the leader of the enemy forces, Chief Antonio De Santa Anna. The role played with an unforgettable actor, Ruben Padilla (on this board, its thread only shows three attributes listed). Padilla did not have any conversation (even in Spanish). And when he has one of the last shots in the film, he only has shown as a silent tyrant, watching the burning of the bodies of Americans and their allies <br /> <br /> With a few poor choices in making this television film (THE ALAMO) : THATTEEN DAYS TO CLORY), it is the most beautiful film in showing someone who was (from 1836 to 1854) who was leading the actors and American policies. Raul Julia was a very good actor. I was delighted to see him in production (late 1980s) of ARMS and MAN in Manhattan, as Sergius. He had no excitement, and usually had the first level in his acting. Here we see a monster of self-discovery. Nothing is acceptable that does not match Santa's requirements or activities. It may be a failure of the order in the army to bring something that he requested very quickly, or it may be the honor of "these foreign brigands" (as saw Americans) without locking himself, "Napoleon's West". Santa Anna was the President of Mexico five or six times between 1830 and 1855. He claimed that he was first involved in dismissing the President because the President did not live in the country's constitution, but it was the force that made him go year after year. It is a sad explanation that he was the leader of the Mexican historian for two years. No political figures or military figures would increase to harm him to Benito Juarez at the end of the 1850s. He originally claimed good ideas of independence, but immediately admitted that the Mexican people were children who needed guidance for a hundred years before joining themselves ( and so he looks like Gilbert Roland in the CRISIS talking about people has helped them lead against Jose Ferrer. The amazing thing about him had been able to return. His policies were a disaster. When we know about his attack on Texas (putting down the rebellion there), he also tried to expand in Guatamala (and probably saw himself controlling most of Central America). He succeeded in Alamo, but at a high cost of living. The murder of Col. Fannin in Goliad was not guilty (one could make a case for the destruction of Alamo defenders who fought to the end, but Fannin gave himself). Then came the San Jacinto disaster, where his army had been destroyed (failed to take enough precautions to look for the American soldiers). He was arrested, and embarrassed, and forced to sign the surrender of Texas. Houston had pity on him: the soldiers wanted to bind him. Without losing foot in the French war in 1838, he was unable to be injured in his many battles. He refused to surrender to Texas, but he had no power to fight. Instead, he would lead Mexico to defeat in 1846 - 48 against the Americans, causing Mexican Session. U.S. was a "honorable" enough to pay Mexico $ 15 million for the southwest, but Mexico lost half of that area. He would be President for the last time in 1853, when giving him a bad rule Franklin Pierce is one time of glory - Santa Anna selling the border of Arizona and New Mexico ("Gadsden Shopping") to the US No other Mexican President (even Porfirio Diaz). he lost his country very much (Diaz did in the interests of foreign trade, but he built the economic muscles of Mexico to do so). He was transferred in 1855, and stayed in Staten Island. There he was able to do his most creative work: he formed a loop for U.S., and it became chewing gum. Other achievements! Santa Ana's Julia is younger than a player and a tenant who did the best job to buy land in the United States. He will not stand up against the opposition and jumps in a sudden rage of the time notice. Most often his chief assistant, Col. Black (David Ogden Stiers, here a British born official) holds his tongue - he doesn't want to be in front of the squad if he could be. But Stiers are hidden under less by his boss. At the end, when alone with the new widows of the dead Alamo, Stiers show that they say the world what Santa Anna is true. And they did!
