Often unknown to Zabriskie Point is the political film of Antonioni, the American film of Antonioni. Accurately, it follows the suit after "Hitting-Up", meaning that the speed is faster than the previous epics, although it is certainly not idiosyncratic down. The most common mistakes are that the film promotes the generation of hippie. Not so. <br /> <br /> Two characters come from a very different environment. Mark from the "rebel" youth, Daria from the organization of the property agency. But with the true Antononic style, both are divorced, all trying to escape their surroundings. Mark says a group of rebel rebels and Black Panthers are disappointed with an empty rhetoric of verbose, while Daria continues to stand in his car. It will be a great deal, after the show of young people as much as confused and miserable, then goes to the city. The environments are full of documents, banner advertising, meaningless, which continues to expand to develop similar expansion of the population, generating profits simultaneously. It is the environment in which two fighters are fleeing from, though it looks particularly unfortunate. <br /> <br /> Indeed, when Daria stops with a small village out of the desert, the environment is just like enough, and people just like lost events, the best model of the former boxing champion, now reduced to the shadow of the soul her, sitting around drinking and smoking and talking nonsense. A good sequence of fun, carried out even more powerful by the inclusion of other half children living nearby, brought by other "donors" but "destroying the real piece of American history". For a very simple example, there are views of Antonioni on hippies. Half of the positive in the trousers of human separation. And then there is a desert, the environment used to have a great impact, turns fresh and terrible, first, wild and dead. The sequence where the two characters do love, "joined" in fantasy and the generation of "flowers" reflects a similar sequence in the "Red Desert", where Giuliana tells his son a story. It is the coloring of the color in a non-color environment. A clear dream of half in the real sense of loss. At the end it may be of the last great pantheon in the movie, Western civilization is split into pieces. Catharsis, exorcism. The "International" of Antionion ("Blow-Up" of the UK and America "Zabriskie Point") is a smaller effort than previous work, but largely because of speed and speed. unsubscribed settings planned (turn London, flower-force America). But when it comes down, it's obvious that it didn't lose the edge.
