I must admit it is always difficult to watch Antonion's film from beginning to end in the first attempt, and even for this, I have looked at it in three places many times. At the end, I realized it was probably the best way, because it forced me to stop thinking in the common terms of the plot and enjoy the event directly. <br /> <br /> The first part seems to split more, which is not bad, it only requires more effort to follow. When you find the events of the desert, all efforts are paid in full. The amazing exhibition is just a part of it, what makes it an amazing thing to see how the environment seems to be great, quiet and its size, feeling of sadness and independence, how it acts and resembles those two young characters. The desert is dead, but at the same time it feels less than a stranger than urban events in the first place. Dance between flying birds and the girl's car makes for a series of great shots. The love of the desert is only beautiful, it is difficult to imagine this kind of approach from the film of our time. Certainly there is something very strange to learn about them, but at the same time they can describe the feelings of nature, a rare case that is very rare these days. They all feel free and unacceptable (also thanks to the acting act), but that is the result of cautious attention to the details and form, which comes to its peak in a series of explosions at the end, a real testing concert. It just makes you afraid. I don't really care about other common obstacles: boring - well, yes, it's like you want all the films to follow the development of tribal conspiracy and step-by-step progress, but then if all movies were like that, that it would really be lighter and sad; engaging - perhaps, but when that kind of preference includes real, detailed, and fashionable, boasting is thanks. The "political" mistakes make a little impression on me, I am not sure of achieving a similar film with ecologically blind or worse than the country. It's just winning purpose. Perhaps it is true that, as the previous advertiser said, Antonioni watched these young hippies and political demonstrations and protests by the police and the excitement of the visitor, but I think it adds something rather than destroying the film. It is not true that the hippies did not exist in Italy at the time (consider the '68 protests, like France), although they were quite different from the American counterpart and in other ways even than the fighters. But his interest in this film was not only political. Events are more visible as a preview of the film that the appeal has the quality of everywhere, timeless. <br /> <br /> Specific mention in a strange voice. Among other things, this film, together with Simple Rider, is probably one of the first preliminaries of the modern 'veryay' video with the idea of ​​a stand-alone film, but unlike the old, it uses music to The most subtle way, connecting to the environment instead of action. <br /> <br /> If you want traditional information in the film, then don't bother. If you want to be surprised, be patient and you can't regret it.
