I saw ZP when it was first released and a great desire. His script seemed forced by the bow and also fakey '60s. It's also politics ahead with ignorance. And let's say, I was still less interested in love like BLOWUP: and still not quite shake. Now "love" is corrupted and all forms of ignorance light up and, oh well. . . Good luck to me! But time goes on and it's been good for ZP and when you have been my teacher. I am reviewing this film over every ten years and it becomes better and better for age. And ZP is "own experience" and is really just linked to BLOWUP through its creator, late, Mr. Antonioni. Twelve years ago, I was very fortunate to see quite a lot of publishing, done in its proper size (large), restored by the Italian Italian cultural organization who knows the best work of art when they see it and he knows the importance of putting such a beauty of beauty with a beautiful face. To this day I remember leaving from the audience when the first shot of Valley Valley seemed. It was like a volt of a thousand voltage Antonioni's intention to release us to a new level of awareness. And actually what follows from there is a different kind of "place". What a surprise to me is how this film comes itself. I remember the second time around — the early 80's - I had started to feel love for the film in general and in Daria and Mark in particular. However, before these two were seen as the shadow of the smart-alecky of Olivia and Leonard (Zealerelli of Olivia and Leonard) (read: Romeo and Juliet) now they were dealing with me — especially the girl in her emphasis. He-took his time. . . Live. Everything, everything dies around him. <br /> <br /> On the daytime exciting day's real day began to erase my new “fun” found. The wind of the shoulder-padded, 80 angry anger whispered "But that is a fantasy hippie --- then it's going to" <br /> <br /> The power of the vision Antonioni was, I had to realize, already working myself in my first time everywhere I witnessed "80s" and "Uh-Huh" and protect my "love" secretly, with envy. But, this, then what art is living in you, and, if you want it has its way to "love you" secretly, secretly, with envy. And you get "changed". <br /> <br /> Happy to see that the Turner Classic Movies have decided to show ZP in its March line. Of course, ZP should appear on the main screen so that it can take you to its built environment. But, hey, sometimes even a photograph of your loved ones in the photo magazine is no better than seeing it. Today's truth has been affected, ZP has been removed secretly and replaced by antics of the whiney of ALICE'S RESTAURANT. So, it is still "hard", too "troublesome", also "what"? It is probably that, like all the beautiful art, lives when everything dies next to it. Peace / Peace.
