When this film was made, the hippie thing was gone. The cultural ideas of the counter were strong, that's why the big film can be made. Yet it has something to say, and it is said in beauty. In addition to those who are just waiting for running equipment, this film is given credit for its positive events (which is more than enough reason to see the film) and many. The sound of this film, which was actually more popular than the film itself, includes the other. Pink Floyd's "Careful with the bone of Eugene" very well with the explosion, lack of music in other events gives the film a good film stability. But. It looks like the message in this movie has been ignored by many. If you did not understand, which appears to be the case for many, I will give you an opinion: Someone (tough guy, what is his name is Mark?) It is part of the "true group". He leaves the group saying something like "I am dead, but it's not a shadow" Later going with fun with a stolen bird, perhaps looking for a step. As he is in the air, the Dark Dead Interest (from Album Live / Dead) is played (I think). This song has the words "Will we go with you when we can", this is though it is not heard in the film. (Maybe you put it too far away that the quote is important?) On the plane, it gives a girl (Daria), who carries her car to the meeting (about providing a typical urban home with an opportunity to live in a very happy place in the desert, where everything is easy and good for the whole family!), By diving down, almost hitting a car. He climbs the plane, and joins the girl on his way to Detroit. They leave the stage of Zabriskie, where they enjoy as living beings and nature. Later a family with a large car (a type that sleeps) and a speedy boat shows a visit to the Point of Zabriskie, the father saying something like "what to lose the way up here", and the child sitting in the car, waiting. I heard "this was no better than on the phone" - will try. Daria takes Mark on a plane that has now been built in psychedelic style, and the identity number has changed to "no war" on one side and "no words" on the other. "Bucks Sucks" is also written on the plane. Mark takes the plane to where he stole, saying Daria before leaving "I don't know anything" or something, one of several ideas about him does not care about his destiny. (This is because he has a sense that the environment around him does not give him anything- "I wonder what is happening in the real world") At the airport he met police officers who had taken him even though he had returned to the plane. Daria hears this on the radio, but she decides to go to a meeting in the concept house. Here he feels a stranger after adventures with his only friend killed. He enjoys fresh water that runs the rock, more than a swimming pool. Inside the viewer has also been given a sense of anti-hardware - looking out through the glass wall, holding his hands in the mirror as closed. Business men seem to speak, one side wants to make a big deal, others are afraid to lose money. Daria comes home and looks behind her, looking at it with a blow. After the house, many other things beat, for example television. He is excited, happy in himself destroying what he has after the meeting with Mark looking like a negative thing. <br /> <br /> Summary: Mark clearly experienced the "true group" if not so important as they just sit and talk, without taking action. In fact he has a bad feeling about things that they like, and it looks like he feels that there is no use to fight against him. He wants to leave. She helps Daria, who is "in mind but not in action" to see her opinion. Where his feelings of cancellation have led to his death, a person who can expect Daria uses ideas in a way that will appeal to them more. In the film you see how the city (LA) is corrupted by the business (the worst you should show business to make sure), you can see business people decide what the future will be, and so on, and you will see unhappy people with these situations and other areas of the modern world. I just saw the film once, so I didn't get all the points, but I really felt the feeling of this film, and I see that this film can be called meaningless. If you say these points become very clear, I can see why, this film was probably intended to appeal to supporters after hippie "digging" anti-establishment ideas. Even though, it has a lot to say, and its message is still needed today, many things are going on very well in the same direction as they did before sixty years. Zabriskie Point is a very good film, telling a story about ordinary teenagers (not far out of hippies around around the finger on acids, digging everything) to find what they see to be real, unacceptable and unusual. And it's a very good way.
