I was told one of those "whether you like or dislike movies". Yes, I loved it. It is clear during the hippie, dated and easy with the sign and all. So, maybe I have never had a taste when you come to Antonioni, but this with La Notte (held ten years earlier) is my favorites among its movies so far. It made two years before birth, Zabriskie Point was supposed to be the most famous American Epic of Michelangelo. But apparently, it seemed to be flop. I can't see why. Before watching I would like to read that it was rather interesting, so I worked for a very small movie - although I love a small movie. For my taste, Zabriskie did not have a terrible moment in it. As I watched, I realized that Europe was in the position of the director to make regular use of advertising posters in almost every city, large billboards forming any form of humanity in front. This common visual feature is obviously emphasizing the way in which consumer spending eliminates the individual in the American community. But then I looked at L'Eclisse directly later, which was installed in Rome in the 60's, and I saw that Antonon often had banners in it too. After all, good use of the landscape, architecture and non-physical features in each chapter or without humanity is a trademark of Antonioni ?? this is the way that convinces its characters' psychologically, more powerful or less low-impact and great visual impact. He is almost completely in this skill. Zabriskie Point started two very interesting stars that should be a great star of 70 years, but they did not. Mark Frechette, whom I had already seen in the film Francesco Rosi's good WWI-set Container Contro, had a very good life and died only 27 years. . The star of Mark Daria Halprin's star, looks also the wife of Dennis Hopper later, has a wonderful, natural and appealing beauty of Ornella Muti limited? one of the beauty that does not need to be beaten by turning heads. Like Frechette, she has found several films and has never been a star, but at least she died not sadly. Additionally, the Point of Zabriskie has one of the original sex-created incidents - one that brings home a sense of youth play as a few that I have seen - including the cathartic power. It may be the most of the banal more published as far as its sign goes, but I can't see how anyone can deny its beauty and good sense of emotional release. No blast seemed like good, and so you say. It seems to be an explosion that reinstates the system instead of bringing confusion.
