Not very often when I see the film and go, "hu, what?", But this was one of them. Perhaps after seeing the Point of Zabriskie I felt the same way that Woody Allen felt after seeing 2001 - he loved the film after seeing three times over two years, knowing that the filmmaker was in front of him in what was going on. Michelangelo Antonioni, in one of his few experiments in films in the United States (after the Red Desert, made Blow-Up, this film, China, and The Passenger, all shot out of its Italian origin), I felt almost tried learn about the ways of the country through its central skills. The results show that they have no means to present images, emotions, sounds, colors, sounds, and visual representations at this time. "The director of the work is seeing", Antonioni said immediately. Whatever it means, he can not despair of a member of his post-five years (I say five years since I haven't seen any film before L'Avventura). What she misses is a step, at least a sure kind that she could bring Blow-Up and Eclipse. You get a sense of what surrounds these characters, what the themes are producing their knowledge, however in this case the perpetrators and characters do not bring great faith or purpose. Antonon, who comes from a hard-hit school, makes a realistic film, does what he can and is thrown to non-professionals (those who seem like real characters are engaged in the responsibilities of the company's members), but two stars Mark Frechette and Daria Halprin seem like Antonioni guides them. Maybe that was a matter. The story is divided into three actions, thanks to not a great mix, as Mark has lost his life near the fire of the fire that continues in the LA's late 60's, and Daria is sent from LA to Phoenix for a business meeting. They meet lucky as a bird of Mark (how does he know how to drive, maybe a little background information there?) And Daria's car meets, and they spend time together with the type of groove outside the desert. In addition to stylistically positioned as a strange sex scene, a lot of this action is not surprising. <br /> <br /> Two guides are fair enough to watch, but what actually attracts them to each other out of curiosity? The ideas generated (by part of the screens from Sam Shepard) do not reveal, but only for a short time where drugs against reality are brought. Then the film leads to a third act, if Mark decides to do the right thing, under bad conditions, and Daria comes to the position of his boss, just being in full disease (without taking into account the last five minutes or film). Although the film took time to tell her story, I had no problem with it as I did that the story deals only with a particular viewer. I understand and feel the feelings and doubts and fears as well as confidence in the "anti-establishment", but perhaps Antonioni does not really know himself. In some instances he as the director and editor (and often the incredible film of Alfio Contini) finds a better and more natural way to shine and strengthen than people in front. Not to mention the technical side of Zabriskie Point is not to involve them in degree (this may lead to some of the suspicion, as Antonon is probably the largest as a film director if he is a director of exhibitions such as Francis Ford Coppola says). Desert, heaven, city, and even close faces are organized by the eye of the film maker with love and art to find things in shape, to bring us. Sound sound is the same as compelling, with the stroke of the strongest track of Rolling Stones at one time, and then the moving song of Pink Floyd (re-titled from 'Awareness and Ax Eugene, one of the best before dark) in a sequence of blast. If only the exhibition was not so on one side I might find this to be similar to Blow Up or Eclipse. It is a non-vertical stroke with one hand, and on the other hand takes a boring what was hippie / radical movement at the end of 60 years. But hey, what could be boring to the American if I was born in eight years could be for others out of the United States, like to say, Italy. And it does not apply not to be removed immediately after one look.
