I know this is an unlikely chance of the Zabriskie Point, but I loved this film. I know, I know - I can be called legitimate. I love L'Avventura, I love La Notte, I love L'Eclisse, I love the Red Desert, I love Blowup, and I love Professione: Writer (aka Passenger). The only Antonion film that I do not like, only one given less than 8/10 (and only one third that I have given less than 10/10, La Notte and L'Eclisse have two others, though I fully realize that I must see them again) , it's more than clouds, which can be called a bad film. However, there is no more beautiful film, if you catch my drift. So if you're not an Antonion fan, you should ignore me logically. If you are an ordinary fan, however, and you are wondering if this special film, whose name, when you are being talked about, is often followed by something / spit, which is generally despised and even admirers even Antonion, it is for the value of seeing, the answer is YES. Well, the reason why people hate them is because 99% of film observers only keep up with film information. These, not really. If the film is strange in a certain aspect, say the actor or movie or direction, and just good in its notes, the viewers of the film can love it very much. But the film can be an incredible stimulus and have a story of crippled or useless - that's another thing that has caused movies over the years: logic - then they hate the film. I will agree with it in other ways. As much as I can love it and want to change my perspective, it's hard to love the film that my notes are poor. However, some people get angry about inappropriate information. This is certainly what you must drive viewers away from Point Zabriskie. I could tell you a story, but maybe it would just think it was nonsensical. It is true, but, for me, that just made the whole effort more wonderful and beautiful. I would like to compare well to 2001, which is my popular film. However, 2001 is exactly the same as compared to the running story of this film. What Zabriskie Point has in spades is mood. Music is very helpful; The logo includes a lot of activities of the day, including Pink Floyd. Mood is the same kind of work of Antonion's work, full of desolation. Also freedom from it. The best sequence of the film is when a man and woman who led (his name is Daria, I know, but do not remember his name) pull into their car next to the historical mark on the desert road. There is, more than a stone wall that is built to store cars from a distance away, its ancient. It is actually a rocky desert, and the two are going to play in it. The layout is very good. The woman says: "This is a very good place. What do you think?" Man: "I think you're dead." There is no direction that it is a good thing or a bad thing. This is a lot like the feelings shown in other Antonioni films - characters want to want to disappear or be invisible. Instead of David Locke, the passenger of the passenger, illuminated by journalism, we have young people with ignorant politics of his friends - he thinks they talk too much and don't do what they feel is right, or at least says he does. It seems to me more if he just wanted out of the situation. <br /> <br /> The film is also just amazing visually. All Antonese films are recognized by only a few frames, but their visual style is always built. I love more Passengers than I Zabriskie Point, but Point Zabriskie could be her last to complete in that issue. Well, that might seem odd - L'Avventura and the Red Desert is amazing pictorially. I think it's a movement of cameras that are very amazing here. In fact he made a ton of money on the Blowup, which was the biggest hit of his day, the biggest at that time. He uses well here, especially for his sky shots. One of the most popular films involves a person, who has witnessed an individual aircraft, hitting Daria in his car. One thing that can be judged is indeed the film politics. It is really easy. It is not that the hippies were simple, but the vision of Antonioni of hippies - did not have any in Italy, of course - it's wonderful and, well, filtered by the eyes of a stranger. There is a strong resistance to advertising children, but it is still a challenge that still exists today. I say, can't you just ignore it? What? Hurts? What? Are you going to buy things you don't want because of banners? Or there is also resistance to anti-corruption. Daria, the secretary, works for a land reform company in the desert - a country in which she and the man enjoyed themselves - to make affordable, urban homes for families. Rod Taylor, a very low actor whose famous roles were in Time Machine and Birds, has its master. Finally, who can not destroy - you should see it - it's almost cheap for cheaper. However, I can understand the treatment of police officers. Not that I hate them in general, but they had a bad situation at the time. They can still be bad now. They have always had a lot of power. These conflicting arguments against the way of life in the United States still do not affect my views of the film. I see these very interesting American views. I don't think the hippie would not agree with Antonion. 10/10.
