If Saura hadn't done anything like that before, Iberia would have been a big step. Now it deserves to be included in honoring the good director and the chief executive of Spanish culture, but he has done much like this before, and although we can scream for wealth he has given us, we have to choose and choose the likes and top shows between films similar to Blood (1981), Carmen (1983), El Amore Brujo (1986), Sevillanas (1992), Salomé (2002) and Tango (1998). I would like to choose a Saura 1995 Flamenco as its unique and powerful cultural document, next to the pales of the pales. Iberia is considered a series of translation of Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz (1860-1909) and especially his "Iberia" Suite for piano. Isaac Albéniz was a major contributor to the Spanish music culture - his renewal for non-Spanish audiences. He moved to France in the last thirty years and was affected by French writers. Its suite of "Iberia" is the first music of Spanish music and Liszt styles, Dukas and Indy. He went around making his songs, which is a good sort of good music and Spanish songs, not as homogenized as the Ravel Bolero but it moves in the same direction. Typically, Spanish has given them again in Albéniz, and in Iberia, the musicians prepare their songs for competitions and various ethnic and regional styles. But the source is a pleasant and confusing form of music and dance dance compared to Spanish Spanish flamenco. Flamenco, from the Andalusia region, consists of the most biblical, Hispano-Arabic, and Jewish cultures. Only Iberia is a peninsula that includes Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar; The same concept is diluted more. Saura's Flamenco is a great tribal mix of music, singing, dancing and peacock-growing, which is the essence of the Spanish style, how a man and woman develops with pride to appear on pride and beauty. panache - even the cage of the cattle and the steps of the trenches are full - in a series of electrical systems without introduction or conclusion; they just. Saura always emphasized the staginess of his cooperation with choreographer Antonio Gades and other artists. In his Flamenco 1995 he completely descended the story and has musicians, musicians, and players continue to run a great deal of sound and good lights and screens, rooms, and mirrors of the movie Vittorio Storaro, another important film of Spanish partners. Beginning with the end of the series in Flamenco is often the worst, but the sky, is shown only by rumble and rustle of shuffling feet and a mix of sounds. Sometimes the film continues to feed while the performance is over and you will see a dancer band, exciting, or laughing; or just someone unexpectedly says something. In Flamenco more of Saura's other musical films are a strong interaction of singers and players and with a clapping voice of respondents shouting the woe which is "story" and creates magic. Because Saura has done magic, and maybe it's very good when he lost any ordinary story. Iberia has the same style as some of Saura's pure music films: no details, no conversations, just a short name for a song or region, starting with pianist to play Albeniz music and step by step The move moves to a series of dance mechanisms and sing a little. In flamenco music, the basic element is an incompatible sound, and the voice is a huge and unique contribution to world music. It relates to other songs in another ethnic group, but there is nothing similar to its unfamiliar color-evil that makes you do anything but listen to it more carefully. Then comes clapping and hitting the leg, and then playing, with other features. There is only one flamenco song in Iberia. If you like Flamenco's Saura, you want to see Iberia, but you will be a little disappointed. Style is there; some great sounds and play with music available. But the source of Iberia and pregnancy destroys a small amount of energy and makes it a little more cultural experience.
