Students often ask me why I choose this Othello version. Shakespeare's text has been taken very much by the film has material that received "R". I have several reasons to use this production: First, I haven't seen a picture of Moor which has actually made me love Othello until I see Fishburne to play. I saw James Earl Jones and Christopher Plummer playing Othello and Iago on Broadway, and it was wonderful. Plummer's energy was particularly visible. But in spite of the wonderful presence of Jone physically and voice, the character he played also came to be unlawful to me from the full sense of emotion in the sense of Aristoteli. Jones, in fact, confirmed what I felt during the interview noted that he had played Othello as passive - to see Iago as basically making him up. Unfortunately this caused my sadness for the destruction of the character. So, I felt sympathy for Moor's Jone but not afraid of his corruption and the evil man. On the other hand, Othello's Fishburne is a powerful and powerful figure known to take action. Therefore, Iago's attempt to fully cope with what has been given to Othello as the lack of loyalty of his wife is to mislead the overall quality of being unemployed. Fishburne displays are sadly common. Second, Fishburne is the first black actor to play Othello in the film. Both Orsen Wells and Anthony Hopkins made the best versions of the film, but were white people in black face.2 Why is this important? Why is the black actress a black man in action? 3 Indeed in Shakespeare's day they used black face as they used boys to make girls. Maybe then, the reason is the same. Female employees bring special quality to female roles in the Shakespearian stage because they understand better how Shakespeare's mind tried to present. Black talented fans should play the game because their experience in white-led culture is important to understand what Shakespeare's science is recognized: the pain being banned because of the race. The most important thing in Othello is excluded because of racism. Although it is a mistake to incorporate Islamic discrimination into Shakespearian play, there may be little doubt that violence is still working among the perpetrators. Many, including the father of Desdimona, consider that the union between a Christian Christian white woman and a black Christian Christian African is UNNATURAL. Third, Shakespeare has never been tested. She has never been. Its natural products were shown by violence and severe language. But Shakespeare's wisdom uses these things not as a false impression but with an artistic loyalty.
