I still have a sandy, night night, no cable, VHS's cheap show this from a kaaaaaayyyy back time, late-late broadcast and all, when I'd like to stay up at any wonderful hour that would be located on this show - just I was able to hit . This series is not about ABOUT Freddy Kreuger - just the first events of real events involved him as nothing but the announcer of Rod Serling-esquire. Instead, each part was a different pig, using the traditional themes of horror, childhood, sex, dating, money, death, dating, and ... hmm ... dating. From the event where the boy boy speaks of accident "I will love you forever" for the bad girl, and he stuck with her (in fact, at least for a while, they grow together ...), for one where a little hostess goes home with a wonderful man, just gaining himself in his cabin, where he has a hiding room full of other stewardesses; more in the series. One place was Jeffrey Combs (Re-Animator, etc.) as a pizza trader who was inspired by a secret secret link. It is not natural, but still interesting and fun .... <br /> <br /> However, some cases were good. My personal love was a "Life-Suffering Life" where a young man was arrested working in his parents' cooperation, when he wanted to go to university. He engaged in talking himself and doing a small spot shows with the old cheeseburgers - until late at night when a weird boy comes through the car and suddenly his life is not the same. No, not Freddy, just string and gun - it seems that the whole part of the mind is just - the last thought that passes the head of the child ... with the shot. The second half of the same part (many parts of Freddie's Nightmares were two short stories linked) followed by his girlfriend, who was also wounded, but was not killed for driving, and who is taken to the hospital from a hectare "- faced with the worst clichés of hospital hospitals, and then - from accident to have your mouth closed fast - or wake up during the operation - have your dead partner try and attract you in morgue for a little cuddle. Again, that's what I liked. Some of these events were too much, such as EVERY TIME YOU CAN GET VIDEO. They put the crummy out as a representative of the series, and then no one loves them, thinks the stunk show, and then they don't have to put it again on the video. It is a Problemed Life is only available on PAL DVD in the UK - but I'm still selling myself.
