"Home room" as "Zero Day" and "Elephant", followed by a recent wave of school beat. But unlike the other two films, the "home room" focuses on two victims (not the shooters or those killed) after the shot. Make it low and more useful because a little effort loses in asking questions that have no answers. Do not leave on this small film during the first 20 minutes, it should be set up a real story but it resembles a rejected section of "Hill Street Blues". They are crippled but enduring, at least carrying long enough to get the film as a feature. I recommend this jump completely and just fly in front of the hospital-no centers here that you can't take from the remainder of the film. Most beautiful movies were creative to show one person like Paul F. Ryan was a writer and director. While this process does not review a good film, it is usually a good sign because it will mean a certain unity of construction and implementation which is often lacking in many major budget components. Because the script of "home room" is its real strength is that the author also killed the production and insurance that his vision was made on the screen. Ryan has a great and final position that limits the viewer's perspective. He runs you to the edge but against all logic leaves you instead of cutting. Why the last job is a mix of listeners who need a reward at the end of this kind of journey, the song (Sarah McLaughlin's "Sweet Surrender") is going out, and surprising for the last minute. > <br /> Another film power is translated by Busy Phillips (Alicia) and Erika Christensen (Deanna) as the main characters. Although Phillips has a boyfriend of her old age and Christensen's beautiful daughter of the good family, both of them are more effective in their duties than ever before. Family life of all girls is more satisfying and less of interest to Ryan. What happens here is about two of them despite the story of crippled on police investigator asking around the city trying to bind Alicia on one shooter. If they re-search and make this film the side story must be passed. <br /> <br /> Stories about two very young girls and help each other are not the idea of ​​a novel and Ryan could easily lead this film to play and predict. But instead of its script it involves them in a fascinating and convincing match, with a slow decrease in each other and sharing time of risk, just coming back into their own. Deanna "I'm dying in" looking for just tears - I can't think for a moment in any film that I felt like such a blade. He desperately needs the Alicia connection. Deanna only makes progress when she goes. The viewer continues to expect a group that is not visible to appear. Finally this not only generates many doubts but leaves you to attract all the characters and two actors who brought them to life. <br /> <br /> Then again, what do I know? I am just a child.
