What a beautiful movie, the fanciful "Stardust" is. I could easily remove it with the same statement and enough to say, someone can take it as a very powerful recommendation to see it. <Br /> <br /> When Hollywood appears to have refused to compose remakes and quotes our throat, "Stardust" makes us remember why we're going to the first movie - to escape the truth for several hours and explore other lives, sometimes, or other planets. Interestingly, "Stardust" takes us to all three areas without effort and glee as a child we wish. Stardust is full of all the characters we remember as children: chiefs, wizards, pirates, ghosts and scoundrels. It has a girl in distress, hero, rogues, obstacles, spells, opposing obstacles, mounting, and even touching at a fast pace to make a modern quasi. <br /> <br /> "Stardust" is about a man from the city of Wall, which fits very close to the wall that separates their city from the magical kingdom. The only way to the wall is by a well-kept rainfall with an old codger (played by David Kelly). One day a young man from Wall who called Ben Barnes drove out the old guards and ran through the breech. He comes on an enchanted kingdom called Stormhold where he meets a heavy woman (and very much) called Una. She has been taken captive by the witch and overcome the unbroken chain. When the wizard is off, You have to cheat Ben and send him on the way. Ben returns to the wallpaper without incident and keeps his life. But nine months later he is called on the wall of the wall where the former guards give him what you can expect - baby boy. The boy, named Tristan, grows up to be a free boy (Charlie Cox) who has been beaten by a girl out of her league and also engaged in another. However, a young woman (named Victoria and played Sienna Miller) comes out with Tristain and admits her love for her. After blowing down the fall, he tells her he can be with her if she gets a star and brings her back. He agrees and puts on his effort, which will take him to the other side of the wall. At the same time in the kingdom of Stormhold, the former king (played well by Peter O'Toole) dies. He calls the living alive to tell who will succeed him on the throne. The names of his sons are Primus, Secondus, Sextmus, and Septimus. Others are killed by other brothers in an exciting competition to see who lives to get the throne. However, she strikes her ruby ​​charm with heaven and Voila, which brings the stars to the star Star strikes in the manner of a beautiful woman named Yvaine (Clare Danes) and she, of course, wearing charm. But little he knows that now is to be persuaded by Tristain, Princes, and also an old witch of witchcraft called Lamia (Michelle Pfeiffer) who wants to discourage the star to restore his own youth. ? Yes. But all comes together as an adventure continues. Tristain is the first to get Yvaine but is very tied to her commitment to Victoria does not know the increased bond between her and Yvaine. His original interest is only false to return Yvaine to Victoria as a proof of his love. But he must remove the chiefs and Lamia first. Heads are not a big issue if they are trying to kill each other - and such as "Caribbean Pirates" - there is no death at all. But Tristain also meets a witch who served his mother (although he does not know his mother) and a band of flying pirates led by Robert DeNiro. He / she is the most important character in the film and DeNiro drives for tea. He stole the film and his hardness and we soon learn the secret secret that will leave the audience on the floor and laughter. Although his role is limited for a long time, DeNiro is amazing! Michelle Pfeiffer is wonderful as Lamia - a witch of good evil. Claire Danes is more accurate as Yvaine confused and trouble. He makes a perfect woman. Jason Flemyng, Adam Buston, Rupert Everett, and Mark Strong enhances the level of perfection of beauty as the heads of warriors, as they come back as the ghosts "Blithe Spirit" and "Big Spirit". Director Matthew Vaughn, who had only some experience of leading was "Layer", writes a fascinating story that everyone will enjoy. Stardust can be very difficult for young children, but anyone over the age of 13 will need to see this film many times. That's good. "Stardust" is what movies should be. It is fully written, fully commissioned, fully directed, and fully done. In other words ... perfect.
