I was lucky to catch this film finally on Turner Classic films tonight, as one of the winning Oscar films (for special effects) in their Oscar film film. <br /> <br /> BEDKNOBS and BROOMSTICKS is the only film easily accessible to early MARY POPPINS. The film was also a great success, and the Oscar winner (Best Actress for Julie Andrews). Like MARY POPPINS BEDKNOBS has David Tomlinson in it, in a role he learns about reproduction. It is a good mix of live action and animation. It has been put in the past of the British history (if not Edwardian - the 1912 Egyptian world, is the British coast of "Summer Dunkirk" Summer of 1940). It also has an old Reginald Owen in it, here as the Head in the Home Guard, where the former was Admiral Boom in MARY POPPINS. Usually it was Owen's final responsibility. The Home Home System (not many in the film) reminds one of the UK's DAD's ARMY series, dealing with home security problems within the early years of the war. The period is also proposed by the appearance of three children of Rawlins as an orphanage in Blitz in London. And (for example the Disney model) in the mobile number "Portobello Road" different members of the British Army (including soldiers from India and the Caribbean (complete with steel drums yet!) Appearance by Scotland and female helpers in clothes. <br /> <br /> All that, amazingly, is included. But with the greatest of it is Angela Lansbury, its performance as the Eglantine Price is finally: its special music music. A good job, Lansbury did not have a real music job that deserved to be Auntie Mame in MAME's latest music after BEDKNOBS. He was in the music section (in GASLIGHT and UP his series in BALLOON BOYS, and in DORIAN GRAY pictures and LITTLE YELLOW BIRD, and - better - in support with the end of HARVEY GIRLS and the re-ending of ATCHISON, TOPEKA, NA SANTA FE) But only here she plays the female leadership. So when you hear her singing by David Tomlinson you can understand what we lost when he didn't play Mame Dennis Burnside. <br /> <br /> Some of the cast are very good, Tomlinson here learns that he can increase the event after the life of a failure of relatives. Three children (Cindy O'Callaghan, Roy Snart, and Ian Weighill) actually show the most attractive sides in their characters than their Edwardian predecessors in POPPINS (Weighill in particular, as something to think through Lansbury's loss after knowing that he is wizard). Just a strange substance (perhaps because of cutting scenes) is Roddy McDowall as a local pastor who is just two film series. For its possible role as an unwilling enemy of magic, he would have to have a greater place. It is also John Ericson, as a German officer who leads the invasion at the end of the film, just to find that he faces more power than he had ever imagined in the UK, and Sam Jaffe as an opponent of magic formula which Lansbury and Tomlinson are looking for. For animation, the two rounds of the ocean under the sea, and on the wildest soccer match ever offered is well worth the comment, and Tomlinson pulled into the end as a referee, and got pretty much wrong on various charges and scrimmages. As I said it is a very good sample of the best work of the Disney studio.
