"Bedknobs and Broomsticks" are a magical adventure of a charming charm, though not one of the best Disney functions. It has a good story, good songs, good characters, good actors, magical and interesting effects, beautiful landscapes and beautiful British landscapes. It also combines well with life and animation. The animation itself is, of course, very good. The animation is very similar to the 1973 film "Robin Hood" and can be said about animation characters: there are many wild animals such as bears, elephants, rodents, lions, crocodiles and others like "Robin Hood". Besides, the King (lion) appears to be a mixture of Prince John and King Richard, not to mention that the bear looks like Little John. <br /> <br /> This movie is often compared to "Papa Poppins" because. The life and the animation and the artwork. All have the same scenario in London. All of them have their magic and magical woman. Children (Carrie, Charlie and Paul very little) are all like the children of the Bank. However, instead of a very bad person like George Banks, David Tomlinson has a fool with a magical man - Professor Emelius Browne. /> <br / Many songs are good. "The Age of Believing" and the "Beautiful Sea of ​​Briny" is much better. "Portobello Road" is also good. <br /> <br /> David Tomlinson is good in this film again. Angela Lansbury is as good as Miss Price and all the little actors are also good too: Cindy O'Callaghan as Carrie, Ian Weighill as Charlie (the boy in "old age") and Roy Snart as a younger brother Paul. br /> <br /> I like black cat. It's very good. It looks like Salem, a black cat from the TV series "Sabrina, a young witch". I get cute whenever any of the film characters turn into a white rabbit. Rabbits are very beautiful animals, beautiful and beautiful animals. I just love you! Even the funnier is at any time Professor Emelius Browne turns into a white rabbit because, while being converted to humans again, he blows his nose like a rabbit. In fact it is hilarious, with its comical figure and mustache. Overall, this is a good movie, but its end is very bad. The first minute of the movie is not special, but it improves much. Finally, however, is weak. That is my biggest opposition to him, for the most part because the existing living quarters are too small for me and also due to the feelings of war.
