It is amazing to look at Roshan Seth (a bright father in 1992 "Mississippi Masala"), who once assumes the role of the father and family head, and more, in the LONG LONG LONG, founded in 1971 Bombay, India. In addition to the immediate family settings, issues are included with the lost and accessible friendship; the death of an unexpected friend's friend (somehow the stability of a friend who died before the prayer felt peace - so the character of Gustad Noble, Roshan, as described); a chain of artists on the road to the road - "wall like a cord turned into a temple?" in the shelter and ashes "once prophecy and philosophy. It is full of life lessons in different aspects of different relationships: between father and son; mother and child; father and daughter; little daughter and father and mother; long-term colleagues; long lost friends, even the man to the man, who is the innocent “fool.” However, the film's film's film is a colorful film, and the power of the story in text and humorous layers. For the director of non-India (Sturla Gunnarsson being Icelandic), he has made a film in India / Pakistan. sing, too.) Some of the cast are equally: from Om Puri a wonderful friend of a friend, Soni Razdan a long-standing wife; for my son e the "witch" of the neighbor; "unreasonable" foolish person; and a long lost friend - is a world of many faces and attitudes. Director Gunnarsson has shown understanding in the treatment of the period and the lesson was done carefully with the details. He has a good fortune to have Sooni Taraporevala (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salaam Bombay!") Wrote a script. This is a valuable travel film to share. <br /> <br /> With a cultural search line (road film style), Fridrik Thor Fridriksson 1994 "Fold Fever" is a Muslim who lives on a Japanese boy who went around the world looking for a specific area to pay for his honor The latter for his parents, by following the tradition of memory for the dead. He also showed respect and caution of the cross and culture for family relationships are heated in this day of age.
