The SPIRIT's implementation of Will Eisner on the TV screen was followed by many other donations from comic artworks or comic books. (Note, these two are not the same) It is really amazing that this is the only one with an adaptation (like during this writing) of smart alec Eisner, understanding wisdom, tongue-in-cheek super hero. <br /> <br /> The story has that the Photo Republic was interested in making a film version and was in discussion with the copyright owner in the middle of 40, but could not close the deal. Left playing on the screen was a series, MASKED MARVEL, one of the best of the Republic. Perhaps it was good, for the studio was a reflection of the reflective material and comic pieces of comic, spa, magic and comic books. For this year 1987 made for the TV film, it is very obvious that it is an attempt to fail the proposed series of television. Although an old, long-term comic reader, as I myself, can be a little tough in opposition to reform, an unknown observer and character can give a new, clear view of any previous ideas of what this screens should look like. Well, when you sit and watch the story opened, and the characters interact in the middle of a crime wave, Lady Little (my wife, Mrs. Ryan) put it in one word. "This can't create his mind if it's bad or not!" That best describes both GOD and its creator, Mr. Will Eisner, a creative creative crew in the community. <br /> <br /> The movie is a true attempt to keep Eisner's world on the screen. Release of Denny Colt / Spirit, Commissioner Dolan and Ellen was quite good. Although in a modern setting, it was still in the culture of "good old days" to the high cost, you know, when men and women wore a hat! That brings this last point (and surveillance), and that is that the director and producer made efforts to strive and succeed to deliver the characters Will Eisner look away from the face words and body language. We say, Kudos to them for their efforts. <br /> <br /> It's so bad that no series has been followed! Oh, well in today's world of photography, comic changes seem to be something of fire. Perhaps another major producer of timer and director can make SPIRIT's first class production with Big Screen. We can only hope. <br /> <br /> UPDATE: Dateline, Chicago, Illinois. 6/4/2008. At the moment, everyone going to the cinema at the Shopping Center of the Shopping Center has seen the advertisement of a new movie SPO, (with head, CITY CITY SCREAMS); which will be opened on Christmas Day, 2008. Well, we'll just see what we've been talking about. Take care of your fingers! INSTRUCTIONS .............. Yes, we have our desire; but this is a good thing or another case of "Be careful what you ask for, because you can find it?" Please read our writing elsewhere on IMDb.com. THANX!
