Released before the collapse of the Code of Production Code in July, 1934, Mitch Leisen of all the music of Paramount music is delightful leeringly-even even claiming misogynistic- and very entertaining. Two murders occur on the night of the opening of the "hate of Earl Carroll" (one on stage!), But that does not stop the manager (Jack Oakie) from the show as a powerful police investigator (Victor McLaglen) investigating. Everybody hides something with Gypsy Rose Lee must have seen this secret of the past killing before writing "G-String killers" as denouement is the same (although there is more satisfying here). Gertrude Michael, as a bad diva, stops the show (in more than one way) with his amazing number "Sweet Marijuana" and Duke Ellington concludes with "Rape Of The Rhapsody" truncated. The hit song, "Cocktails For Two", came from this film. The most wonderful and lucky museum was highly recommended! Here Louella O. Parsons in "Los Angeles Examiner" May 17, 1934 <br /> <br /> <br/> <br/> <br/> <br/> <br/> <br / But September Morn he had no better example than those who love, who have enjoyed the eye, especially the eye of the tired businessman. But for a while do not think that Mr. Carroll's girls, or naturelle, is just a gravity. Believe it or not, DOING IN THE STUDIES is a comedy style of music, if you know what I'm saying - the secret of the massacre being put into the music show. It all happens on the night of opening when the play goes on and the search takes place by the killer. Through the suspension, the soldier ends leaving the show every few minutes. Victor McLaglen is something new in journalists. All the time he tries to follow the killer, he keeps his eye tied to the chorus. The secret of killing is good except the denouement, which is good flat. Maybe the right direction. Dorothy Stickney, who plays the maid, is on a beautiful voice like a heroine in ten, twenty, and thirty. Because there is no good, he drives near the end of the scene in a very large area. Ensembles girl is beautiful, and is a good apology to avoid the inevitable shots of intervention. Dress is beautiful; In fact, this is the music that Paramount can feel is true for their loan. For Carl Brisson -well, he would be adding to any show. A good look at the sound of the sound and easy way, and sure, he is all his agents of the media wanting him. I also like Kitty Carlisle, who plays the woman who led the show. Gertrude Michael, as a shepherd of the eyes, offers an interesting rather than a delivery. Jack Oakie, as a step manager, is an old old wisecracking Jack, but we can't change him. Jessie Ralph is the best as an excuse. Others are Charles Middleton, Gail Patrick, Donald Meek, Barbara Fritchie, Toby Wing and Lona Andre. Playing screen is for Carey Wilson and Rufus King, and the direction of Mitchell Leisen. Music is by Arthur Johnstone and lyrics by Sam Coslow. In addition to TRADITIONAL INDIA, there is a Mickey Mouse Illustration, Good News, and two reeler, WRONG DIRECTION. <br /> <br /> I disagree with Lolly on denouement, it's satisfying as over-over. Why does he speak to the director? What? Was he not happy with the end of the story - or how was it put? And what is "ten, twenty, or thirty show"? See the swipe taken on Busby Berkeley and its "shots". As hard as possible to believe these days, the public was trembling with the Buzz Ruler in May, 1934. Mitch Leisen said, "if you show a show of action that should be in the theater, you should stay within the limits of the proscenium arch, and do not make the procedure. Buzz Berkeley and action to put a great temple. "<br /> <br /> Q: Do you think the effects of this interesting Berkeley use this freedom? ML: It seems they did because they raised all its photos and none of me, but I don't like it.
