I have read many comments about the film and how difficult it is for people to believe that it is the good of Henry Fool, and though it is technically, I think that Fay Grim needs to be seen as completely different film. Just because it is good it does not mean that it has to develop first one, and I really enjoyed it. The whole part of the film was to change the direction from the first, which means because the movie is not called Henry Fool 2, it is Fay Grim. All along, the film, I thought, was well done and thought it was really amazing. I was hoping to rent a close-one-off film with a video and face two hours of bad editing and it's hard to follow the line of the story (the last author of the video of Oh in Ohio) but this was so amazing seriously that almost does not seem so, which I totally loved. There are so many things in the text and text of the film that I wish to see in the film, but never do. The movie was brilliant because of the ease and actually made the film appear 'It's bad' in general - according to the set. The writing was well-prepared, anyone who said this film is not as wonderful as Henry Fool needs to look again and listen; I almost can't even begin to describe how true it was hilarious, and meaningful. And well, Parker Posey, who could complain? The area where Fool and Jalal were speaking in the darkness was very interesting and emotional. And I thought the spy process in this film was very interesting and you see (considering because I agree that some time you are missing). The main thing that struck so strongly on the film, and I believe the film's point, was the love of Parker and ignorance about Fool, which was so passionate and it turned out, that is the fastest, because of the lack of enthusiasm. The last five minutes of films were perfect. Obviously there were things that were not good, but nothing was perfect; some of the acting was insufficient, and sometimes I thought that some of the new stories back and talk about terrorism had little to follow and disappear, but eventually you got it and was not even understanding when time might have dropped from your knowledge. (This may also have the Goldblum characteristic of speeding too much) I would probably say that it was probably one of the best films I saw this year; stylistically pleasing, clever and written writing, exhibitions which were surprising now I have received a new respect for other actors, and a truly touching film, and don't forget, a complete departure from Foo. What was the matter.
