After seeing this film last month, it keeps flying again on my consciousness and I feel I must buy it or at least see it again, even if I look at it at least 3 times when I rent it at that point. <br /> <br> I loved so much of Hartley's leading years ago - I have seen that these films can make me laugh in places that are unacceptable. It's a fantastic feeling, space, and I think many people out there really don't get it, or makes them feel confused and somewhat uncomfortable - I think I just really get - its like if these films were made for me though I don't remember if I shouted at This film, still one of the funniest films I have seen in many years. If you do not see the humor of the grocery grocery bag carries from the street to the church, to the office of its own brother, to the main office of his son may lack intelligence to be very impressed with this film. The package is a protagonist silent itself, being dragged around as a fertility icon usually brash, bitchy Parker Posey should bear before the global intrigue of the remainder of his film film. <br /> <br /> I think of "Henry Fool" my favorite little movie of Hartley films. I really don't remember very well - I think his own character was despicable I found it to stimulate. Hartley seems to have developed a female character. <br /> <br /> Apart from the transparency of Posey, it was amazing to see Elina Lowensohn, one of my managers, again. Its destructive naiveté is perfect for Hartley's leadership. Its ability to make outrageous appearance banal helps to define its style as a delicious irony taste in. The film was emerged in the most importantly intriguing international story, describing the political situation in Afghanistan. This is never enough at first. The development of this film cannot be comparable. <br /> <br /> This is the question of "stand alone" series. The less you know about Henry Fool the more secret is the spun around him, the less you expect his match towards the end of the film - like alcohol chain cigarette machine complaints, hurling insults at his Islamic terrorist guardian who somehow seems to respect him. It's like getting Santa Claus is actually a 12-year-old girl who hates school. Even though I was attracted to some recent Hartley films "Girl from Monday" and "Nothing", "Fay Grim" goes far beyond what I expected, with a sense of humor and originality no Oscar winner would dare.
