I am one of those people who can walk miles through a broken glass to see Hal Hartley's film. From TRUST and IRIS to HENRY FOOL and (my favorite of Hartley) HERE IN SOUTH AFRICA, the genre of the cinema is a delicious flavor. Interfering secret parts / symbols similar to the comedy wispy seems to be his trap. Comedy is not in your face should, and often runs any area before filling the fruit. And that's the case with FAY GRIM, the good of Henry Fool. Parker Posey stars like Fay Grim, wife left by Henry Fool and mother to Henry Ned's only child. Fay lives a quiet life until he returns home one day to find a CIA agent in his kitchen. His name is Fulbright (Jeff Goldblum, MAN OF YEAR) and wants Henry books. There are many books of Henry Fool and all they had previously believed to have nothing but mad wanderings. There seems to be much more to them. Hidden weapons research or a way for terrorists? Who knows but Henry. Agent Fulbright tells Fay that her husband is dead but this has been hurried as a ruse to get Fay out of her house and search for Henry (and works ... but it's not the way they think.) <br /> <br /> Fay war ring many spy Henry's books and looking for him out. It also tries to deal with CIA to find Simon's brother (James Urbaniak) out of prison (he could help Henry avoid land in the original Henry Fool film.) Most interactive events occur in a quick series: spy ring for dead shot, Henry is discovered "safe" by jihadist, Fay takes away his brother but does not know the danger of his son's life, and CIA comes to put Fay at risk. Half Hartley is definitely likes to play with the theme. And it does so violently here. Even character names (Grim, Fool, Fulbright, Fogg) have a special meaning for those that are quite funny. The high-tech film of ol 'is given a lot of screenshots, too, as the guns glow in the stop-motion process, without beating our heroine even though it is the same on the line of fire. Now that I have earned a reputation for this creation, I will say that the photos of Parker Posey enough of Fay Grim are not the best part of the film, which is embarrassing to consider how long he has a screen. I realize this maybe Mr. Hartley wanted: an uncurbed woman with a hand sign for extreme Italian. But it was still painful to see from time to time. However, fans will destroy Fay Grim and apply more. Although this was not my popular film Hal Hartley, I know I'm ready.
