As a person who has seen and followed the public works of Hartley for several years I think a lot of what has been used to be true stories have been raised in an intellectual philosophy of open philosophy. <br /> <br /> During the leisure time, Fay Grim is another step in Henry Fool's line of thinking, where the movie shows the quality of something inside the film itself. In Henry Fool, something is memoirs ... In Fay Grim, something is encrypted memoirs - which themselves stolen, forged and trans-mutated in something that is unknown can not really make any sense - ie script writing to write and make movies in modern times - where many of the blockbuster movies are slightly more than moving in the past. That is, in the sense of philosophy, what Fay Grim is about. Something, perhaps, is a catastrophe that is now shocking and reduces (as shown in opening events in the preacher's office) It is said, many points of film are lost if you don't understand Henry's behavior and the importance of memory to watch. Henry is a very good devil, first to visit Simon as a modern Faust, etc. Without understanding how Henry's behavior was bad, it is the quality of the plot of Fay Grim and the story is lost. enough 'notes' made by the word publications - know the plot of Henry Fool cannot compare to the' feeling 'quality of the characters as one did in Henry Fool, and so I think for someone entering this film's winter is 10 minutes' so what is' answer to the most constructed conversation and then it is. However, Henry Fool was also my very little Hartley film until I realized it was bad - installed and caused - correctly because Henry Fool was wrong… not just rugby or dirty, but was not inescapably. Henry cannot even be a proper villain - and this is probably a terrible blow that makes him more beloved ... like Gollum in Tolkien's work, Henry is compassionate. It is not available in Fay Grim, although Henry's dialog is excellent. What? It comes that the whole movie has been built as encryption - a kind of molding of another plot around what end up being another bad story in addition to the accepted henry. It is an amazing twist, but one that can not really be beaten without watching the first film. Perhaps to show more of Henry earlier on being better than having a publisher to explain the basic story of the first movie - although this plot is also not the first movie was close - unless perhaps someone is an ordinary observer. <br /> <br /> Encryption section? It's hard to say ... a little desire in the gimmicks of sex though. Cheesy.
