Indeed, this film is a representation of several things. At the beginning, this film is about a broken student who brings guns to school and shoots around 9 pupils. One student lives and is in a hospital with severe head injuries. Leadership is what some people think they are 'goth', despite a movie that describes it not. She looks very strange, but she was also the only student injured in the classroom. He is asked, given the history of knowing the shooter and having a record of being on the phone with him last night. However, he is very short with a distant person who seems to despise society. However, for some reason, for the first events described, spent approximately a year out of school, and a failure grade. He has the desire to graduate, and the principle does so in the best possible way that he can pass it to spend time with the servant, the girl in the hospital. <br /> <br /> These two directions are very close, and they are that for a social level. While Alisha is quiet, a social struggle girl, who spends her time alone (even though she seems to read regularly, even a little bedroom / out of the closet book), another girl is rich, a famous 'bubbly' girl he seems to have great hopes and bound in his world of fantasy himself, ignoring the outside world and its originality. I feel all these responsibilities for the wonderful work of representing MAC 'cliques' in modern modern school, but more importantly shows how two girls are quite the opposite who do not know anything else is open to each other. When the injured girl learns a deep, meaningful truth about her once saved life with the outside world, Alisha learns that the complete abandonment of society and locking everything inside is nothing better. Most people will look at the relationship between these two girls and see one of the two things. In addition, snobby, a hateful girl who wants the world to suffer as she does, to take a innocent girl, OR a story of a girl who seems to be busy, a fantasy who meets people outside and learns not just a judge, but it is true, perhaps, one of the more intelligent people known. In other words, people can see this film as the goal of Alisha to teach another girl a lesson about life, but not about it. This video is about things to get. Although it is about all that I have said, it is also a representative of how people are affected by the great tragedy of life. True, this film is not an example, but rather it is similar to its message, as long as you are not afraid to open your mind, and your heart, with feelings that you may not know and be displayed in a miracle. br /> <br /> Overall, this film is one of the best I've ever seen. Acting is a brilliant, storyline and representation is comprehensive and meaningful, and the emotion that comes through-out of this film will be not just anyone related, but maybe crying. This film is very disappointing, and it affects very much, and if I ever believed any film could change someone's life ... this would be the first that would change mine. I liked this movie, if you want a moving and interesting film, during leisure and real, see this.
