Henry Hartley of Hal Hartley was an independent film actor and certainly his best work. It has a deep depth of behavior, subtlety, complicated dialogue, and excellent, last emotional attraction. I remember strengthening several times during my first look to get what I saw and feeling. Henry Fool was a perfect movie from beginning to end, and had no response. So I was surprised when I heard about Fay Grim. Fay was not one of the main characters of the first film and it seemed to be more like the existence of the real deception of the real world and ignorance of his brother Simon had to deal with him as he grew up. In his own movie, Fay boasts himself, although his maturity takes a very different road. Simon came off with an autistic isolation with just-introverted skills. Fay begins her adult journey as a small, normal, damaged and responding to a shocking environment for being a grown-up, old, experienced, unskilled person. He deals with problems through any man who does, with a decision, a few ideas, and a neglect of fatigue. When Simon learned to control his mind, Fay learns to control his emotions. <br /> <br /> Movie has a number of prequel records, but it varies widely with sound for multiple films. Henry's fool showed you a harsh, horrible, unhappy world that was different from Simon's enthusiasm and creativity. In Fay Grim, the world is pleasing, emotionally, a emotional place that shows the life of her little life, and vice versa unarths a wise woman who had not previously developed or nourished by her own weak mother. <br /> The movie in two parts, first deals with the beginning of the Fay fights and subsequent difficulty due to the enmity of the authorities, and the second dealing with his war to slow down only enough to get back to Henry. At first, Henry Fool's fans might wonder how the movie might seem to be good, and think it's bad to follow such a strict film with the antics of the spy game and physical comedy. But this is where the fay of Fay Grim lies. This method is about Fay's journey, and as I said earlier, he is one of the most important of the sanitation in the chaos, not the creativity of creativity in the staid system. Parker Posey is a good actor who takes Hal Hartley's tongue in a cheerful cheer. Elina Löwensohn probably examines him in an emotional commitment to the role, allowing Parker to play both direct and comic against the comedy, as a move around him. <br /> <br /> With Henry's photo on the photo, the movie begins to take the amazing side. Hal Hartley movies all play, and each play must come in full circle. In the end, it is characterized by a new character of Fay and integrity are children of his time and Henry's most powerful, whose loyalty to the flowers and the torture of torture illuminates anyone who meets. Fay Grim is the best movie that does not get Henry Fool, but it shows through Hal of the kind that the nuances of his art are evidence of his mind. In fact, I think anyone who bashes this movie is not just missed the point for miles (and especially the trick in the act of Parker Posey), but it could not be interested in the movie Henry Fool.
