Perhaps I would like this film more if I had no strings for characters in Henry Fool. For those who have never seen Henry Fool, I was not worried. As Hartley said in an introduction to his preliminary film in TIFF, the film has many pictures and explanations. <br /> <br /> This film is very heavy in a plot, which continues to film moving. There is a lot of exciting time and the film certainly has a trademark of Hartley and a dance dance. Above all, a well-documented film and make sure to present new Hartley fans who are just beginning to explore his work. For former fans who liked his original work as Trust and amateur, this film can go any way. I have combed the feelings of films and films of the Hartley's overall. What is Hartley doing well to keep his stories in a small way, taking into account the approaches and close to the idiosyncratic characters that their partners interact. From the last 90 years onward, its films have increased in scope for issue. Mass media in the same thing, Religion in the Book of Life and now Terrorism in Fay Grim. I don't know if Hartley's talents are suitable for a big issue or if he can do justice. Interestingly, the film can still be reduced to a close relationship, a simple love story about a woman who might be looking for a husband who likes. The only problem is, I have seen Henry Fool and everyone seems to be too much of a character in this film. You can say this film has been written long after Henry Fool completed without any good intentions. Somehow, the terrorist plot feels easily implemented through the use of Henry's permits as macguffin (for a hitchcockian sense). Fay's search for Henri was found to have been caused only by the demands of the plot rather than by being loyal to the person of Henry Fool. I think I have been overlooked in the film because it is not true for characters in Henry Fool and it doesn't work the same as moving straight. There is a very irony and consistent in the way of Hartley as well as the main theme as terrorism. Somehow it works and doesn't work at the same time. All I could say, you would like to love or hate the movie according to the Hartley's work and how you know Hartley's work. Henry Fool's fans, show them with passion. For others, welcome to the world of Hal Hartley and enjoy the journey.
