Fay Grim is, with its face, the story of espionage and brain told to nod and wink. As a wonderful layout of Henry Fool, Hal Hartley creates an amazing mix of films and surprises for a screening investigation that begins with a smile and a great degree of laughter and turns like a poignant and warm like any film I saw this year. br> Parkey Posey is Fay Grim, Mata Mataha who is not known to find the love of her husband who was transferred to Henry Fool and the purpose of the CIA's attractive company. Like Agent Fulbright, Jeff Goldblum is an experienced and embarrassed, in a role that looks similar to his talents. She has never been better. James Urbaniak is a brother of Fay, Simon, who is imprisoned but is known for his most famous poetry books. His passion for his work and his sister brings the desire to compare the nature of the fighters which finally comes to the world of Fay. And Liam Aiken is a 14-year-old 14-year-old child. Aiken's emerging style is a "old soul" wonderful for someone of his age. The entire film is shot by the Netherlands, the kilter style known by Orson Welles and used mainly in the awesome films and psychological attractions for a sense of self-expression. In Fay Grim, using the same style from the opening of the closure closure is amazing at first, with the clever clever next. Since the viewer begins to fall for the positive elements of comedic and song of the Hartley's brilliant script, something happens. The film takes a turn to the dark yet comforting as these characters have compassion before our eyes. What started as a dark match of the comedy in a romantic game, and the transition is skilled. Reduced decrease provides a way to breathe, and we are faced with a vortex. At the end, intense Hartley's discussion with the amazing exhibitions of collective healing together makes for a delicious cinema cocktail. He told the pleasure of a person who could write, produce, direct, edit, and even compose music, Hal Hartley has created a smart, sexy wind and a very silly language in the cheek. Fay Grim is one part Dashiell Hammett, one part Raymond Chandler, and one place Ian Fleming, has been explored and might also persuade them too.
