I have a deep liking for this film despite the deliberate appearance under 'sandpaper' than the other Fred and Ginger film, not to mention a little casting problem of Harriet Hillard in leading romantic role. Once again with these films, the plot is a small consequence - Astaire runs an impossible sailor (who happens to be an extraordinary hoofer (of course!) and Rogers who likes to work in the music hall dime-dance-dance. Although their relationship is bright and fun to watch, it is undermined by un-involving the main story of Hilliard and Randolph Scott not succeeding in finding any chemistry among them. The minute's decision, Hilliard was rather miscast in this if he doesn't have a front screen to give this film of what it needs despite being sweet and likable around. sparked every small area, and would have made great Helen Broderick-type side-kick to Rogers in this kind of bright film (See 'Door Door', carried out the following year, for example of good events among these two wonderful girls. That Scott's one direction Neanderthal character eventually becomes a lover of Hilliard is even harder to believe of Astaire being in the Navy! Now enter the most important part, sing and play: Nothing else can say about "Let's See Music and Dance" except it is brilliant and moving and fully executed and I have often finished watching the area with tears in my eyes. Yet other films in the film should also be recognized; "I lay all my eggs in one basket" is a good example of the comedic nature of Astaire and Rogers, and it enjoys their reputation for bursting of normal, normal dance. The other highlights are "N Instead Lead Band" and "Let Yourself Go" which shows how these two talents can do as brilliantly alone as well. I almost forgot to mention that this is one of the few (if not just) when we see Astaire playing for beauty in the piano; It seems the talent of this person did not end! Overall, I love this for 'Top Hat' and 'Swing Time' (though only), since it is more than the ground and it does so eagerly for all involved, it is difficult to love the cause of fun.
