Plot is not a powerful film of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, but "Follow Fleet's screens" is very different. Fred and Ginger are still coming well - Baker and Sherry Martin players, players who have a personal and professional partnership ceased when Bake joined the Navy. When they meet again, their love-hate relationship produces during leisure entertainment. But for many films, they take an interest in the long-lasting bond of Sherry Dada's sister (Harriet Hilliard), her love for marine Bilge Smith (Randolph Scott), Bilge's cooperation with another woman, and an old student who Connie possess from her father. Although Hilliard is very interesting, this plot is not good. But at the same time, "Faction Fleet" is blessed with the unique Irving Berlin logo which gives stars a great opportunity to show their talents. Astaire gets two beautiful solos and "We saw the Sea" and "I'd like to Lead the Band." He sings softly and, of course, plays easily - and the ship's suit makes him look at the young man and the race more than usual. Rogers sings interesting "Let You Go" and then makes a drum of solo solo to tune the same. Three documents keep the film really, though all have joined the program for improper excuses. Fred and Ginger win the dance competition by making an extraordinary effort to refer to another "Let Go Go". Later, they sing and play "I put my eggs on one basket" if they are an early practice of numbers, flubbing choreography for comic effects. Finally, the film finally shows how to get Fred and Ginger in evening clothes for a romantic duet - it makes part of the show-in-show. The situation has emerged, but the song, "Let's See Music and Dance", is one of the most beautiful features of Berlin's writing (it is to remember the Cole Porter), and play plays for beauty. Suitable for Astaire and Rogers. It would be a function of staying through many parts of the "Follow Fleet" dialogue again, and, in fact, it is not necessary, because the plot is not suitable music number. But I could watch the songs regularly.
