If Hollywood should be reliable, that in the navy is nothing but bludge. Although the sea can complain in the chorus about the sea monster, it seems that their marine activities are not quite available, and somehow Fred Astaire gets enough time during the day of giving the class to play for the ships to have romantics. That's the world of Astaire and Rogers. Mark Sandrich's original film, 'Top Hat (1935),' ignored the Great Destruction that was bringing America to the knees, and presenting the audience to the rich and famous world; it was a positive view of the film on life that perhaps contributed to its success. Similarly, here in Sandrich deliberately gives birth to the life of the Naval officer is hard and running, and instead transforms the ship's work and the balance of the music's beautiful numbers. and Sherry Martin (Rogers) are two dance partners whose sexual relationships fell after the end rejected the proposal of marriage. After Bake back from several years of duty in the Navy, he sees Sherry as a dance hostess in the modern San Francisco room. When the two former couples tried to try and embrace, Sherry's sister, a music teacher and teacher (Harriet Hilliard, looking completely at her) gets a perfect makeover and tries to beat the Bilge "Bilgey" Smith (Randolph Scott). There is a lot of common screwball shenanigans, short term identity, and even monkey training hilari that steal every area is inside. Especially amusing is the area where Bake sabotages the screening of the singer to create a window for her a guest girl; of course for both, is the unfortunate Sherry who drinks bicarbonate of soda and loses its ability to sing. 'Fleet' (1936) 'was the fifth win of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, and the third (fifth) which Sandrich led the pair. Irving Berlin released music music and lyrics, and every music number enjoys having a heart and leisure, even if it is not easy to be remembered as those on 'Top Hat (1935),' 'Swing Time (1936)' or 'Will! Dance (1937). Astaire tries to break free from its ordinary rich-about-town persona, without much success, but it is difficult to imagine the actors without a boyish charm which can accompany that very rich. The competition between Connie and Bilge performs well with the antics of two major stars, and Harriet Hilliard (wearing a wig brunette to avoid the closure of ginger ginger) has a number of emotional feelings, including "Get Youe Back to Satan , "which was originally written for 'Top Hat.'
