Follow Fleet, the production of RKO in 1936, star Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers in romantic romantic comedy. Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers have had many romantic movies together, RKO also helped them create a valuable story and time that is relevant to the community when it was created. Follow Fleet's story depends largely on the use of the story lines between two sets of main characters to create a satisfying romantic comedy. The work of the general movie spinning Bake Baker, Sailor in the US Navy played by Fred Astaire, and Sherry Martin, former Bake and former lover of dance who is now a singer and player playing with Ginger Rogers. . Their story begins when Bake on a ship with his aircraft assistant, Bilge Smith gets a picture of two of them together, and Bake reveals that the last time he saw him begging him to get married, so Bilge shows that they are trying to meet with him on land, hoping to be and a friend. The next big part begins the second plot of the movie when the sister of Connie Martin, Sherry, refused to enter Paradise where her sister works without a gentleman. He turns to look for Bilge behind him and a bag full of drinks, so he plays as he waited and buys his home in Paradise too. Connie then finds Sherry and tells her that she is broken because she can't be lucky Sherry does with men, so Sherry suggests she gets a makeover from her friends while doing the action. Connie gets up, and gets into the ball room again, and approaches Bilge again, who is a surprise to her sight. This begins the second romantic story between Bilge and Connie. <br /> <br /> In the remainder of the story story and the growing acts of exchange between the change of comedic changes of the couple's problems that make several actions to rise and drop in mini into the overall plot. Bake and Sherry define you during their first time together while they are fighting in the dance competition and ending winning, reminding them of the success and happiness of the two together. Similarly, Bilge can sing Connie through her romantic efforts, and they retire at her home. This series of fun events is soon followed by the steps of separation that bring the fastest step. Bake left Sherry last night to retire on the ship before midnight, and told him that he would come to him in the morning. Unfortunately the ship sets a course after the return of his colleagues, accusing Sherry and causing him to consider Bake was still an ordinary ship looking at a good time while on the ground. Mood is reversed as another place enters the film when "big shots party" takes a ship tour. This alternative story is used to create a buffer between the two main stories of the film, as well as to help build courage and delight in the good intentions of Bake in general. The party is interrupted by non-playing music from Bake and colleagues when they lost voice to report on the deck to the company. Women are fascinated by asking to hear the play, and cheerful fun begins to invite you to play, which ultimately helps to improve the film's status, and also bring joy to the sea. After going back to interactive stories, Sherry tries to prove Bake that she doesn't need her help to work. Unfortunately Bake does not know that she feels, and may be a good word for Sherry when she listens to her friend on the studio talking about a wonderful woman of observation. Bake joins himself to help Sherry out to lose his water, and make him unable to sing correctly and destroy his inspection. In addition to Bake errors, Connie spent all her money to make a ship that she was expecting Bilge would take as a captain. He also planned the end of the dinner when he had to come on, but Bilge knew his goals and hope to get married soon and had no intention of it, so he stood up. The remaining number of films continues in the same form of the mini-performance of the mini and fall to the final stage between the two couples, ending the movie with the fun of both couples. The use of flexible stories helps to create an interest in every husband as they find happiness and pain through each of their efforts. Interactive stories can also relate to each other, as well as to incorporate other non-particles to help carry the story through finishing. Even though Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers have many movies that include romance, comedy, song, and dance, Fenda Fleet is a unique film for two actors who successfully use the technique used to help notes between characters The two main.
