What's a movie of entertainment. Astaire and your Randolph Scott in the Navy. Astaire needs to return to Ginger in San Francisco, while Scott should convince Harriet Hilliard to be his wife. Everything happens well. Sometimes it faces, and I can see, why, Scott and Hilliard's love is not needed and it reduces the plot. Especially painful is the singing of Hilliard's love songs of sappy. I could do without his singing, indeed, but I found a rather romance touch. Hilliard enters a film as a music teacher, wearing sports shoes, no coating, and very bad clothes known to man or animal. Not surprisingly Scott has ignored until he gets sex under the advocacy of Ginger and his slinky Lucille Ball. The problem is that after her makeover it looked like a woman who was clear as before, just for a glossier dress. It's hard enough for a good man. But at least one can be rich and powerful and popular, then he can collect women however, even if he looks like JoJo Boy-Faced Boy. But what does a clear woman do? The same romance systems are not clear to him. Henry Kissinger had a groupies. Is Margaret Thatcher? It must be bad to be a common woman in culture as cruel as us. As a description of the details below, I must have said that Randolph Scott was secretly having sex with Hollywood fools who needed some chewing skills, and is amusing that he has the following line in this film when he places a private Hilliard - - "Women don't have my mind, sister. " Film provides the best time for Ginger Rogers than any other film and Astaire. And he is wonderful. She is beautiful, sexy, talented actor and player, and script provides her beautiful comic lines as well. "Her kiss and we might," says Astaire. He says, "Let's just do," he will say, "that will give you something to do." It is also the only film he did with Astaire that gives him a real number during inspection. (Choreographed by Hermes Pan.) His performance is accidental sabotaged by Astaire who eliminates Alka Seltzer or something into his water, and he takes through his number, burping that also indelicate at a time. <br /> <br /> As a dancer, I would like to make a very strong elephant of elephants so my mind should be considered as an amateur, but I think their dance together is similar to anything they put on the film. The first, during the play competition, "Use Them to Go," is the greatest excitement of anything I can remember. And the most remarkable duet, "Let's turn to Music and Dance," must be among them. The last step when it comes out is amazing. <br /> <br /> I love the film because it has a personal resonance. I remember seeing the first time in the city center of San Diego, near the "Seven Seas" shop that was found in the sea. I had a draw at that time and was fascinated by Astaire and Scott's work. What I say is, here we have had this music comedy that does not really work on historical facts, and yet, unlike most of the other teams, it pays for its payment. Fly ship, Astaire calls "a taxi water." I had just taken a taxi on the beach. Sare is appropriate for the period (unlike, say, those "in the city"). And they are well dressed, wear under the two fingers of the eye and not back. And there are two events that Astaire enters into the problem with the naval authority and both are used for full weight and are widely believed. The officer leaves Astaire from leading the jazz band during the inspection and report to the captain, "They were playing when the call was seen, sir. I am sure there is no breach of the disciplined discipline." It is an officer - a good officer - he will say, and nobody laughs. The series was always available at the time "Fleet" was made so instead of keeping Fred on the community and tuxedo, they turned to a swabbie to chew gum instead. It was a good idea. And the numbers of dance have come to the point.
