As a great fan of fantasy in general, with Neil Gaiman's work * especially *, I have been expecting this film quickly, so hunger and mixed up as anticipated and fear of despair that I can certainly believe finally here. And you know what? I don't need to be afraid, the film version is bl ** dy amazing. Unlike the book, but in a good way - less modern, more pleasant, still sweet and pleasant. <br /> <br /> Special effects are quite spot-up, making magic feel the natural and accurate part of the Wall of the universe would be interesting and interesting. Attention paid for writing stories and strengthening, and waiting for the main is the victory, and the ghostly heads (who read the reading read almost like "Who Who" of the UK's winter player - Rupert Everett, David Walliams of Little Britain's popularity, two of the blokes from Green Wing etc.) steal many of the best and very good lines at all of the funniest film, available in abundance. In fact, the little good criticism I have in all the films is that sometimes the comedy elements have a little OTT, the trick comes out of the window to the detraction of the main story .... Ricky Gervais' came, for example , he was very simply "Ricky Gervais doing his usual David Brent from the Office of the comedy persona" for my pleasure, and in my opinion, has created a breakdown of acceptance and delight from the magical magical story of the ongoing story (though precisely, from The record I believe the character of Ferdy in the original book was "Ricky Gervais" - read when I think back to it ... .... <br /> <br /> But this is a small quibble in the cast of the opposite and published fairytale published. A good mix of action and romance. Charlie Cox, as the protagonist of Tristan, takes the appropriate mix of ignorance, self-esteem and self-awareness that is needed for such stories where "a young boy emerging in a bid change life "; Claire Danes as Yvaine is a beautiful, confident and ever just alien or ethereal, the full definition of her stellar role; Robert De Niro, at each attendee speaks, is really worthy of praise, enjoys good pleasure (looks like he has a ball, too) ... and Michelle Pfeiffer is a good and good winner as a bad Lamia witch, my favorite film performance in general . If you have enjoyed its exciting performance with the latest "Hairspray", then you will be very happy with this, too. <br /> <br /> To overthrow these reviews: you will say, of course, you will be smiling, and you can even cry - Stardust is a good fairytale, warm heart for all the family, and the heart of gold and more sar 'n smarts than once apparent. One of my most popular films is Mrs Bibi, and Stardust looks easily with this for a good reason like that kind of film to explore the same theme and scene .... and as much as Bride is still clean, smart and funny years Twenty years after its first release, I believe that the taste-in-cheek language of Stardust's beauty will show if a family of love on our television (or similar device later) for many years to come.
