Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, the first dance team of Hollywood, were wearing nines and gliding through the Art Deco sets in the 1930s. However, it goes down for the entry of 1936, the fifth of their ten genres together . At this time, Astaire tends to his top hat, white tie and tails to be a bubblegum-chewing operator called "Bake" Baker; and Rogers plays the singer singer Sherry Martin, who was a lover of Bake - playing and otherwise - before enrolling. Therefore, unlike the printing of improper identity and romantic rhythms spread in their previous pair, it is already a couple from the beginning of the film. Guided by Mark Sandrich (who led their two pairs), the film bears a comparison of the story to 1935 "Roberta" where they are just one of the two couples mentioned in the story. In fact, Randolph Scott leads another husband in both films, this time as a resident of Bake's womanizing, "Bilge" Smith. He is a cohesion and not Irene Dunne (who understandably refused to follow this) but Harriet Hilliard. She married Ozzie Nelson in real life and decades before Ozzie & Harriet, Hilliard has a sister of Sherry's spinsterish who falls hard to Bilge. In the silly program, it gets makeover with young, bleached blonde Lucille Ball, and there are three classic ways of Hilliard, Ball and Betty Grable delightful doll in front of the mirror. Talking about the story, what is one of the so-called Allan Scott and Dwight Taylor and something like this ... Bake and Bilge is in the hole to leave San Francisco where they live in the dance hall with them supporters of the ship. Bake finds Sherry working there, while Bilge runs Connie first when coming as a dowdy spinster and then showing it as a beautiful girl. Romom blooms for two. Connie and Sherry inherited a steamer from their father, but they need money to sustain it. Often misunderstandings occur in all relationships, but all work when they turn the steamer into the theater and put the music revue to collect money. It is up to the illusion as seen, but it offers a good apology for the irregularities of Irving Berlin and the trio dance of Astaire-Rogers. The first one is the most common - the sound of the dance competition for losing "Let's Go to Him" ​​where they show without a surprising win and a typical conventional comedy set on the fingers of the head "I keep milk." My Every Cup ". However, their last drum is a normal return to a piece of text by beautifully placing the amazing layout of "Let's See Music and Dance". Surprisingly, this movie does not only solo the dance of Astaire but when the Rogers time has ever played drums on one of their movies, the pipeline schedule of effort again put "Let's Keep". He is wearing a beautiful satin in the sea, he also sings the song to win near the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Ways to work, Astaire and Rogers are the most common form of good here. While Scott plays his role with his cock-eye trade, Hilliard is a very good presence, and as an old band singer, he performs two Berlin songs of horror. Regardless, the magic produced by Astaire and Rogers in most of them looks at this important view. The 2005 DVD has several additional surfaces starting with the thirteenth minute, "Follow Fleet: The Beginning Of The Dancing Eyes," about how Astaire and Rogers started working together. There is also a live stage "soundie" called "Melody Teacher: Jimmie Lunceford and its Dimba Orchestra", a cartoon-themed cartoon called "Let's Be Me", and the original trailer exhibition.
