Hundstage is an unsuspecting and unsustainable study of life in the neighborhood of Vienna. It comes from the former director of the document Ulrich Seidl who takes the most logical way of material. However, the film goes out with a common type and gives us and the characters that are described as "severe"? others are very lonely; some very violent; some very strange; some very illusion; some very uncomfortable and misunderstood; And so on. This film combines several close parts of the conspiracy that are consistently consistent, each following the characters for several days during the Viennese summer. Too few viewers will leave the impression of an interesting film? The intention is to describe many things that are evil and people, many diseases that trigger our society in general. It is a stimulating film and its conclusion is the worst of all. An elderly widow who is interested in an old woman cleaning and wants to make a striptease while wearing her dead wife's clothes. Dancer's night club faces a jealous and cruel character of his boyfriend-racer boy. Couples who mourn for their dead daughters can no longer communicate with them and seek comfort for having sex with other people. The abusive man is treating a woman but he forgives her regularly. A security specialist strives to find someone who is damaged after some damage on the work site but ends up picking up on the innocent conviction. And the mentally ill woman continues to beat the visitors and torture them until they throw her out of the car! The lives of these different characters join a few days during the hot summer heat. The despair in the film can be seen. Many events are known for a long time, unfamiliar who are twice as effective as the entire passage of the conversation can be. Then there are other events during conversations and screen events leave you turn. In particular, the area in which a security trader allows a female player to be sympathetic to a retaliant person - to be beaten, demanded and honored (thanks all away) for certain damage he even did not do - it sour sour, almost furious. In another place a person has a lamp lighting locked in its end and is forced to sing a national song for gunpoint, all as part of its penalty for being bad for his wife. While we may want to be happy that this hippo receives its access, we at the same time are disappointed and not accepted by the state of its punishment. Indeed, very different differences can be as a summary of the entire film - every time the heart of the light is against the balance and winter. Every beat of hope is counted in the sense of despair. For every character you can or feel compassion for, there is another that does not encourage anything but anger and hatred. We may want to stop away from Hundstage, to expel it as a miserable exercise, but it also shows unmistakable facts and because you should clap.
