There is something special about Austrian movies not only with Seidl, but with Spielmann and other directors as well. This is a sense of loss of reality that has never left the viewer in the movie. Hundstage is not an exception. This effect is not only available with stories shown but also with actors playing. In Hundstage I have never had the impression that these actors play, but real people instead. In fact it is a visceral feeling of the viewer ... Welcome to a grumpy retired or a woman who had a privacy in the movie lives under you in your block. Anyone living in Vienna can undoubtedly be painfully aware of people in movies and meckern / sudern (complain), their sexual desires and boys' prolo boys. This is further enhanced by the Viennese language which, according to many, especially made to complain as a way of life. The so-called Vienna period is also well displayed. Viennese villages have a clear presence in movies and their sleep and sleep where nothing happens. In addition, they have been celebrated property and supermarkets and department stores. Interaction is the home of people where they get into what they see is fun, trying to communicate with their human beings, but for free. Examples are the sex game of an older woman with men who are riding with rape, a prolo boy losing his nerves and striking his girlfriend and a young woman who blows up and persuades her drivers. <br /> <br /> The film has no sound if it takes into account the normal / unusual nature of its photos. Another feature of Seidl (and other Austrian directors) is to show him a picture of sexually harassing images. These include the cutting of an old woman to her husband, sexual events in a swimming pool, a woman's sex game with two men in her house, etc.. <br /> In the Hundstage section has shown the lives of people who can eventually become as many Viennese as they can become a citizen of Paris, New York or Madrid. Spectators should not be disrespectful or sympathetic to Viennese in the film as they themselves can be victims of such humanitarian division and division, although in different circumstances. In the end, I believe the Seidl film is a warning about the horrible state of human tyranny relations in Hundstage. And if the viewer did not fail the reasons for this bad change, Seidl has reached its goal.
