This film should be considered one of the most horrible films and capture for years. It is one of the few films, perhaps alone, which actually gave me trouble: even Pasolini Sálo, which this film generates comparison, has touched me like that. I saw echoes in films from filmmakers like Pasolini, Fassbinder and others. I had to ask myself, what about the film that made me feel like I did? I think the answer is that I was looking at a horrible film, but one that just spills or even destroys such a gathering. Typically, in a horrible movie, the horrible and horrible things will be done, but in the villages of civil society: abandoned homes, private hotels, castles, church churches, etc. etc. The handling of the matter with fear is, I think, kind of The mechanism of protection, the principle of darkness and opacity work as a kind of projective space for the desire and fear of the viewer. Therefore, from this perspective, Hundstage is not a terrible film; it is done in the ordinary community, and so it is not recommended in the history of the awesome movie. But what you see is the transfer of thematic key from the type of fear, especially about the body and its violation, the steps of fear and suffering can be placed. What Seidl does is to use the daily community settings, in the middle of the class as an action that is returned to regular play of sexual abuse, loneliness, lack of friendship and integrity: the real theme you can get in fear, but it is faced with code of light and transparency which no escape. It is similar in these homes that the Seidl film capability is. Hundstage deals with these things as daily work, shows them in the quotidian destination, instead of the last places and catharsis - the action you encounter in such a horrible form. One important word memory here is Rainer Werner Fassbinder. Fassbinder also had a way to combine politics and self in his films, the melodrama techniques that allowed him to deal with bad and ethical and political issues like racism, domination, greed, questions about ownership, sexuality and control, fascism and ethnicity etc. Seidl's method of conducting a community-based approach to the issue of its films is close to Fassbinder; as a German widow, she has a kind of political vision of society that she feels is her responsibility to put in her films. During the seminar at the Gothenburg Film Festival this year, which Seidl was a stranger, was asked why he would have many cases of women who were attacked in Hundstage, but there were no incidents of a woman fighting, giving birth to herself. Seidl replied that others might view it as an evil act of violence against women, but that he himself felt that it would be an unpleasant act. Artistic information is as good as any, I think. Thank you.
