This afternoon we took the children to the movies and we saw Neil Gaimans Stardust and all I could say is Wow. It is rare that I totally suffer from anything but this is the most likely fantasy movie I've ever seen, maybe even the best movie of any kind and it's the fault of Neil Gaiman. Of course, I could have been put in with a good conversation that was prudent, well-off, and made the characters totally trusted. I was able to go for a day about an interesting acting, Charlie Cox is perfect as Tristan, Claire Daines is as Beautiful as Yvaine, and Robert Di Nero almost steals the movie as deep in the Pirate's Dancer Shakespeare Player. It is a great sense of humor that has been able to laugh in our funny, good enough to make Shrek's first look like Sitcom's 80, and perfectly combine with the rest of the film alone would have made this beautiful film. <br /> <br /> Special effects were almost complete, this rue did not have LOTR or Star Wars SF Extravaganza but where they were using were exactly what was called, not so much to prevent you from filming itself and connecting to the story perfectly. <br /> <br /> Then is there a story? What can I say? How often do you find a story with all the classic fairytale features that did not come just like the other cheap daughter's knockoff? It may have a skill and beauty and it is still quite new and fun at the same time. Any of these things would have made this beautiful film, all of them connected to a beautiful but colorful movie in comparison to a wealthy world of beauty that these things bring together a better life. Once again Neil Gaiman has done this, has hit another pig in my heart by creating a fantastic world that is so beautiful and amazing that I would almost anything to live in and it was given me just a little bit in it. I did not want to be completed, I wanted to be cooked through vortex to the country of Stormhold and meet Tristan and Yvaine in person, traveling the fields and valleys, Go through the market and reach all its dangerous and friendly inhabitants and settled there forever. It is a feeling that I have ever seen anything with Gaiman, The Sandman, the American God, Coraline all left me with a feeling of sadness when I had read it because it was over, I could not see anything more than the world that you created was more powerful and The more alive than I had to live and look at Stardust was no different. At the end I am sure that writing to Neil and this movie will not have the same effect on everyone but you believe me when I say you don't care about the time or money used to watch this film, easily one of the top 5 movies I saw and I can make sure that anyone even with the spirit will be like it.
