To do so short and not to destroy everything this film is about Kip (Giovanni Ribsi), a car robber, who gives a great supply of stolen vehicles (50 in total). Then he is threatened to be killed by a man who gave him 'commands'. The goal is now to get 50 stolen vehicles in 3 days, with the help of Randall (Nicolas Cage), brother 'retired' and also the brother of Kip and former Randall's friends. As you can see this is an old, big bro 'needs to get lil' bro 'out of systematic problems and of course Randall is the best thief ever. Of course, in all other movies there are also few obstacles and surprises that you would never think of, but sometimes it is predictable too, so there is no concept of the story. You are now wondering why this is 51 times HOT STUFF, because there are 50 good, fast, expensive and stolen cars. Well another thing of fire in this film is Sway (Angelina Jolie (who will be a great STAR (believe me))). He is not only very persuasive in the role as car theft, but he is pretty hot too. Well not as hot as in good, but it's hot as in a cool and sexy damn. He was widely believed in this role, perhaps because he is some kind of wild woman in real life too (do not believe me, read his notes) and for a sexy part only to see someone himself. I just know, that she has a kind of girl I like in this film, because she's not too position, a little alternative look and she even comes with a tattoo. Just downsides I felt when watching this film was, that there are not too many steps, there is only one place of distrust, the story is just the same that there is no joke. Hey but after seeing the whole film I must say: WHO ANATUA. Why I must say so, well because it was still entertainment; had a few drive away; good music; some cases of Bruckheimer (where the music mix and the lines of administrators make your eyes go wet); good actors who all did their work; good cars; one cold, wild, sexy woman (yes, I mean Mrs Jolie) and last but not very good and cool tools to add cars and. So some are reduced here but are still a good and entertaining movie. All the best way to describe this film is that it is a total cinema for cool? feel feelgood. <br /> <br /> Like Nicolas Cage, well? He is one of my most popular actors in contemporary contemporary today after good films such as Rock, Con Air, Face / Off, Snake Eyes and finally this. Also what has the actor been good / thriller good in the last years and those who have succeeded? Well no one! Maybe Jackie Chan, but she is one of my favorites too. One thing that is true though about Mr. Bruckheimer's film movies is that they continue to get worse. Rock, was clear 9, Con air was good 8 and this well this is clear is 7. Not that score is bad. What? It does not show that its films under Bruckheimer are getting worse and that maybe Cage is thinking long before it is accepted in the film and maybe should make a small movie down? Nothing suggests that, almost all Cage films succeeded in the last few years, except for 8mm and Bringing the Dead. 8mm was not great, I admit that, but that was never the fault of the Cage and the story looked good to me. About the last film I can say nothing, because I haven't seen yet. One thing though I know for sure, if Bruckheimer would ask me for these three films, I would say YES to all. I would say yes, because the story was good and because you would like to play with Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I would say yes Con Air, because there will be many steps in it, because the story was good and because you should act with John Malkovich and Ving Rhames. In this I would have a star because I would like to pay a big paycheque, I could climb cool and quick cars and because I could kiss Angelina Jolie (can't wait to see him in the Lala Crack Buttons). This was a good choice of Mr. Cage and certainly was worth looking at the playground. About 7 out of 10
