FIND IN 60 SECONDS / (2000) *** (between four) <br /> <br /> "There has been in 60 Seconds" is a powerful, delightful, stylish and powerful octane star and a lot of cars awesome. If you are a fascinating viewer of this production car, and producer Jerry Bruckheimer ("Con Air," "The Rock"), it is important to see just keep your eyes on tricky cars. Although the film hides the weaknesses in many areas, the sense of working and excitement makes it a summer win. Giovanni Ribisi stars ("Mod Mod") as a young boy named Kip Raines, who, as the film opens, cannot give a long list of expensive cars to a powerful citizen Raymond Calitri (Christopher) Eccleston). Kip's life at that time is threatened because of his older brother, Randall "Memphis" Raines (Nicolas Cage), a retired but skilled thief, is required to complete a job for surviving his brother: iron fifty-mentioned cars and model, color, a year, and do only two days. Memphis separates the first three days to hire a robbery team to help him leave. Employees include the Wayway of Sara "Sway" (Angelina Jolie), a good-year-old non-retired car driver knowing Memphis through an early business, a colleague named Mirror Man (TJ Cross), sitting with a good Otto Halliwell (Robert DuVall) ), with Tumbler (Scott Caan), Atley Jackson (Will Patton), Toby (William Lee Scott), and Donny Astricky (Chi McBrde). Contribution to a film car and tension is a subplot involving two police investigators, Roland Castlebeck (Delroy Lindo) and Drycoff (Timothy Olyphant), who accuses from previous experiences that Memphis and his employees do not accept good and enabling a more close eye. It does not have much time to develop character here; The audience gets to know these people even though they live a strong life and take a tough humanity through a hard core film, stylish environment. To do the worst things for films, discussions cannot define characters with cultural voice. I'm not saying I think dirt and dirt are important for stimulating promotion; I really respect the decision of the director to develop from the worst language on a film that can be very powerful to get R rating. However, I believe in films such as "It's gone in Second Seconds 60," to develop the character of the character, the dialogue needs to be reliable and true. <br /> <br /> In spite of the problems, the characters have the effectiveness of the top summary, well-organized artists. The performance of Nicolas Cage styles is intense and influential. The eyes of Angelina Jolie's eyes are right here. Delroy Lindo is very safe and believed. Giovanni Ribisi, Scott Caan, Robert Duvall, Will Patton, and Christopher Eccleston provide valuable support roles. The film has a common pattern, and the first action that describes the style of the story and the character of the character, sets the fastest point of action, but it doesn't matter a deep and powerful introduction. In the second act we run away from a few other problems: the story loses time during the most part of this section, never builds on the third act. While in the middle of the movie takes a lot of time, and the sex scene provides a medium plot, not much happening. The third act is very good to run to adrenaline with a strong excitement of wall walls and wall and one of the mechanical tracking of the extreme vehicle. The voice of the voice "Going in the Seconds 60" contributes to the great effects of animation events. It's events such as a car running that makes this movie work despite several mistakes of damage. Dominic Sena, whose work has been to lead advertising, has a fascinating approach and a decision-making attitude in the "Passers into Second Seconds" which will give the audience two hours of shock, joy, and excitement? But not more. <br /> <br /> <br />
