This is the clever part of TWILIGHT ZONE which was more amazing than extraordinary or awesome. Buster Keaton is Woodrow Mulligan, caretaker from 1890 America, works in the laboratory. He is always busy on the problems of life around him: the meat is very expensive (it is like $ 1.00 / lb. Not available!). He always cries after the speed of things (on the bike - autos have not been found yet). He comes to the end, sees a hat as a device and a scientist, and puts it and tries it. Suddenly she is in modern America. Origin was a seven-minute film of silence. Now it's all the noise, all talking, beeping all, all blowing. Keaton is here just a few moments when he knows that the world has changed and it is not good. Go to Stanley Adams, Professor Rollo, who knows that Mulligan is from c. 1890 (says President Cleveland). Rollo always wanted to live in a pleasant, quiet atmosphere. She helps Mulligan to get a hat made, and comes back on time. Rollo gets tired over time, due to lack of scientific equipment that he can use. Mulligan puts a hat on him and takes him in the future. But now Woodrow has full content and stability, the younger age he lives. Has found satisfaction. Over the past fifteen years, Buster Keaton was often on television (often for Allan Funt on CAMID CAMERA, where he could help establish public courage). It also made a small film also (especially the FUNNY THING HAPPENED on the way of FORUM and RAILRODDER). But occasionally escaped in television games and periods. He is in his feature here, it is possible to advise the director (former director of the comedy film Norman McLeod - led the Members of Marx at HORSE FEATHERS) on the techniques he can do. See how Stanley Adams and him during Adams sparking a pair of pants he needs. For a while you remember one of the weeds he did in 20 years in the film like SHERLOCK JR. This period shows Keaton as good for man in sixty years. <br /> <br /> Jesse White Show (here as a manufacturer, of everything) is always welcome. But look a little "Professor Rollo". Stanley Adams was a well-known model in movies and television since the 1950s and was committing suicide in sadness in 1977. Breath, in a non-consistent, and heavy, powerful voice, its well-known role was as an advocate to fight in the version REQUIEM Movie For Color (wants Anthony Quinn to be a guest dressed as Indian). Its best appearance of television was like a businessman who has set up Starship Enterprise employees in STAR TREK for those creatures that contain furry, fertile "Tribbles" (like in "trouble with"). Adams was always worth watching (like Jesse White, and certainly as Keaton), to further strengthen the production that he had made. I have never felt suicidal, but it was the sad end of the first executive.
