Cosimo (Luis Guzman) completes prison for car cutting and there has been offered a complete heist program from prison prison; so he must leave prison, quickly. She tells her lover Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson) to find someone who will make her time in prison for money. But nobody wants to do during Cosimo's crime and yet everyone seems to know the boy who will do that. Recent striker Pero Mahalovic (Sam Rockwell) explains the description of the so-called "full function". First of all, I think this movie was so amazing and from my perspective I would recommend to everyone. This movie is remake of Italian comedy "I Soliti Ignoti". I did not look at Italian backgrounds so that I could not judge or compare the two movies. But "Welcome to Collinwood" is very fun, about four people trying to steal money from one house. Everyone gave their attention from this film released. Best best for these actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Macy (principal), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (big), Luis Guzmán, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito and finally George Clooney gave their part in this project. <br /> <br /> Maybe to say that this film is just a comedy, not the same. This is more than that. Because of the same difference. Let them all in this movie have very little wishes when they are asked: what will they do with their money? In fact they are getting their future in a very humble way. This fact goes beyond the delight of the criminals. And not only is the offender of Babitch, who has been given as a perverted man; so here Russo directors gives us the fact that criminals and cop are the same. In fact all in Collinwood are; and not only in Collinwood, resulting in all evictions, legal or illegal means. I don't like all the movies were viewers finally love and enjoy the thieves. But, this is different. You love them all. Riley and her young son and his wife in prison. Toto with his pants. Cosimo and his line: "Your mother is a prostitute!" and all others. They are like characters in my favorite comic, Alan Ford. They all try to get money, but just it's out of luck. But they all did one good act: they gave money to Riley, so he could give his wife to prison. They are all heroes in my eyes, because many "honest" people cannot do that.
