When I first saw the film at 14, I remember being hit by the word 'govno' (sh * t) for the first time on the still-still Soviet TV (I really was * the first time in history Is anyone wants to add this part of trivia?) ... What confidence and freedom open, I thought! Over the years, I was more impressed with the movies and acting, but my feelings turned to a variety of enjoyment from the actual art of the cinema and the bitter understanding of the physical concept contrary to my 14-y.o. feeling: help. There is an epidemic of an epidemic that comes into all movies, of a natural nature of the natural (led by Sharikov) that leads to a more intelligent life to develop humanity in their areas. The embarrassment of their quality and hope to 'improve' the lower classes, just delete the power of mediocrity and swallow and ... a very nice and talented piece, close the true idea of ​​sadness for an elegant and elegant form. For example, the movie itself marked the end of the Soviet movie tradition before the Hollywood tsunami hit them? for the benefit, it seems, based on many current Russian films (most of them are called 'blockbusters' in advertising prerelease !!! and billboards :) <br /> <br /> Interestingly, the "govno" period is not contradictory The opinion of Efenstor on the abnormal language of the present generation ... From what I have already said it might seem that this could be a movie that showed this way, but it was not. A gentle word to the current standards, was an unusual way at the same time, and just enough anger to show the realities of all the Sharikovs ... BTW, Efenstor reference, not the courage to combine it mentally and use the odd lexicon , especially for Russian speakers, where one cussword can mean that taking judgment in translation! But I am joining the regret that the whole meaning of today's youth can be made by cusswords. I feel that this is a bigger problem than their middle choice which is more effective for work :) Well, this film and book are a great food for thought that can change them, or anyone who may have a look at it.
