This movie (and yes, it's a movie - was shot like two parter, but the two pieces of the descent go down by more than 2 hours) is one of the world-class microphones. Very good, and at the same time a violent violation of the Soviet rule and the type of man who grew up under it, the film is a reliable interaction of the eponymous long book by Mikhail Bulgakov. The sets are insignificant, and the director made a brilliant decision of the film in monochrome, adding a sense of authenticity where the half-color body of the late half came to the end of 80 years. I will not say much about the plot, which should be discovered by the viewer, but the exhibition is true of Oscar equipment; Special talks come from E. Evstigneev, who has a former professor and the presence, gravitas and the wisdom of kindness which by any word or sign, is now stealing every area he has. The second, of course, is the Creature / Sharikov, who, played with the fullness of fear and V. Tolokonnikov, is to be more afraid of character than Hannibal Lecter, because it is not just that he is in real life - all countries have been run by men like he in history, and all generated. Although it is a social political story, it is important to mention that the movie is also very interesting, even if the darkness - there are many wonderful groups that did not make it laugh like this film. What's more, when you laugh at this film, the feeling is not just one of the hilarity but of understanding and consensus, which is more frequently. It is difficult not to complain I have this movie - the only little mistake is the snobbery sound of the mind / bourgeois I have received from time to "light" characters. But that's a small quibble. <br /> <br /> Sadly, this film seems to have been approved by Western license companies. It is a shame to cry that one of the best movies out there is no financial and non-complicated issues (which should not be too difficult - although all cultural records and modern revolutionary words will need to translate, the main theme of the film should be available to all) . While we wait and our fingers have crossed the Criteria version, I think creating English titles. You will see how it works.
