Ok, after reading several reviews on Atlantis: The lost dollar, I just want to cancel the misunderstanding because it is a direct channel from Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water. The only part that was from Nadia is that long from Nadia and the apocalypse from Atlantis bear very similar to how it is used, nature and how it is designed from a source of life that no doubt about copying. If you want to think about how Kida and Nadia are wearing the same then you can put it against Disney too (It was a kind of wierd for Nadia and Kida to wear a dress style bikini in a sci-fi adventure, without mentioning them all moving in the same style too). If a fan of anime agrees there is a certain level of imitation but it is on the small details and even though not many ideas are original (like the encryption structure on the wall in Laputa, the old mask from Princess Mononoke, the similarity of cars to the Garfish submarine Nadia, etc.) ... the plot itself I believe is original and it is incredible that Disney can remove it without the use of Captain Nemo (the main character in the Verne 20k League under the Sea which is also the main character in Nadia). For Mylo and Jean wearing glasses of the same style ... As seen in the novel "Lord of Birds", glasses are a symbol of wisdom and intelligence. I think Mylo, Jean, the main character from Stargate and dozens of other "INTELLIGENT" characters would look at the sort of unworthy for the role as they entered without glasses. For the submarine, and how the submarine attack (and the torpedos of the great explosion that resembles what Nautilius does), I want to say that it is a required element for one if Atlantis is involved in a plot (after all being a sunny underwater city). In the case of workers who are related to Nautilius in Nadia, it may be an artwork but I do not know the copyright infringement where the character traits were natural to me. As a fan of anime who showed Nadia as the best anime # 1 I've ever seen yet today. I am worried about Atlantis when I first saw the preview. But now when I was watching the movies, I reiterated my belief in Disney and I am very optimistic of their future movies after Atlantis. In general, the best movie of Disney still without trembling in the sound of their songs in the middle of the movie and included that they modified their cheesy scripts to be better. Also, it is surprising that they actually show bad people seem to be ordinary and out of the worst at first (I was wondering who their evil ones are just a blonde girl who looks like the odds of how Disney draws them into bad people looking like very afraid
