The movie "Atlantis: The Lost Dollar" is the shots shining in the films produced by Disney Studios recently. Parents who had to sit through the "Book of Jungle 2" or even the movie of Pokemon certainly will appreciate this. <br /> <br /> Movies is one of the few attempts to try a natural attempt; The original film films were just the recipes of existing stories. Movies like "Toy Story", "Get Nemo", and "Monsters Inc." they all do it, but it should be understood all of what was done by Pixar and just distributed by Disney. Recent films from Disney Studios are automatically released to the video, and are engaging with the existing successful film. The quality of these films is given a way of profit. The new time began with "Atlantis" after that "Mulan", "Lilo & Stitch", and soon "Open Range". The authors have created all the original lines of the story rather than stories of old stories. The best part of the film is dedicated to an effort to find Atlantis, a job that has taken many ideas for hundreds of years. Including that of young Milo Thatch, shown by Michael J. Fox. Milo is employed by museums in Washington D.C .. his grandfather was a famous archaeologist, who had dedicated his life to discovering Atlantis. This seemed like a waste from their colleagues, and they wanted Milo not to follow in his footsteps. After failing to convince the board of directors of his travel expedition, Milo returns home to find a woman in his dark apartment. She takes him to his employer, Mr. Whitmore. Whitmore was a close friend of Milo's grandfather, and wants to send Milo and the team to find Atlantis. Mr. Whitmore is very rich and has paid the best of everything. Employees who should accompany him are the same as his grandparents. The journey is filled with many obstacles to overcome and it is a great pleasure to watch. The viewer finds himself up to reach Atlantis. The plan takes the unexpected return after the discovery of Atlantis, not just the discovery of people. It is enough to keep the interest of older listeners. Managers have done a good job at the time of the animation. Movie is very successful in combining traditional animation with Computer Production Images. Of course not available, many listeners see the difference between the two. The characters are certainly human. There are some good follow-up events, and many steps continue. Few tips are filled with jokes that children cannot find. The creation of authors shines completely. The Atlantis culture is widely developed, including the whole language. The film uses Atlantis records from historical sources, such as Plato. The loss of Atlantis from the world is defined. It is believed, if for a limited audience, the magic is not present. The people of Atlantis are not shown as magic, but they can be explained in this way. Though setting in 1914 the standard of technology used is false. The trip is located in a very memorable submarine and Captain Nemo's nautilus, complete with small pods which have hot fire. Large logs are run by steam boilers so they tried the era of technology. Females are empowered in a way that women of the age would not be, even doing responsibilities in leadership. This is not a bad thing. It provides a good example for my daughter to watch, instead of casting every male. <br /> <br /> One reason for this film is my favorite on other Disney films is that there is no single song, ever. The story that started with the first film feature, "Snow White", and continued to "King of Lion", almost every Disney film is full of upbeat songs. This is good and all, Will seven children have "Hi HO!"? After a million years that way you'll have to be better without, but this prevents a parent. Not once everyone on the screen suddenly knows the words for a song that no one has ever heard before and entered the song. I have one thanks. <br /> <br /> Myths and depth of animation are sure to keep the attention of the parent and the same child. It's a film I intend to watch again with my children.
