Disney, the name of the film that stands for all the innocent and suitable things for all ages, eventually began to realize that living needs to be different. This difference has been revealed in the last few years. Films like "Tarzan" and "King's New Groove" have attempted to move from the usual song of the old Disney song to the new, unlisted location. "Atlantis" is a bold step yet, but we should remember: This is a STILL STILL. The first movie ever coming from the Disney's animation studio is a great achievement for them - in fact it is very serious it makes in the PG area. Perhaps why many families were afraid to see this summer. But despite the most mature thing, this is still a film that Disney wanted to draw in a family, not just a mature audience, so the plot had to be made very easy for children to understand, but interesting enough to take it away from places the "Little Mermaid" et al. So what we find is actually a conspiracy of deep probability, unfortunately it gets a blow to a movie in the 96-minute movie. Finally, this is an action film on Atlantis, not on previous performances, therefore we are beaten for the first half of the hour and a series of bombarding screen if possible without losing cooperation. To stop your lack of how the characters get from A to point B quickly, it may be possible to get a animation that has come out of Hollywood! If you want the epic deep levels in the plot, walk the "Titanic" of James Cameron. These two films show the boat somehow. And let's talk about love, do we? Yes, as with many films, a leading man (one Milo Thatch, an archaeologist) and a leading woman (Kida, the king of Clichéd Atlantian) has been put in love. But what I found was not as clichéd as I expected. By the end of the film, once, the characters involved / sensation / kissing were greatly reduced. There are various points in the film where attraction is growing, but not just on the player's ball, say, "Little Mermaid" (good thing). <br /> <br /> You may have understood that this is rather a clichéd film. Correct. You have your leading hero and heroine, backed by more than half of the members of the crew who are going on a trip, all given their time during the film. Many other characters appear, get a few minutes of observation, and then disappear. Not recommended to do maths? The 96-minute film aimed at actions and photographs, and with a massive cast, has little time to expand the characters in large quantities. So what does it depend on? Clichés, and a lot of them. Each character entails something that was done a thousand times before. You have a pipe scientist, an impressive princess, a square-jawed square, eccentric rich, maniacal sleazebag, fatale of Russia? I need to go? Do not know why this has been taken by anyone? I have seen the language-of-cheek language of this exciting movie. Indeed, this means that the flick is wrong, but you actually expect Disney to stop every single character of their history? At least authors have tried to come up with a balanced discussion, and sometimes even a little has led. But ultimately it's the most amazing pictures that put the icing on this cake. The CGI animation is really amazing in places, and does not know the characters, which was the guilt which then the recent "Titan A.E." below. Speaking to the perpetrators, Disney recruited an artist's outdoor industry to create designs, bringing the style of anime to the film. Affecting the presentation of the entire film is generally loses a lot of anime, more than the total loss of Disney. This led to a collision with the Japanese fans of the Japanese, "Nadia", for the similarity of the film for a series of cartoon. If you didn't see this anime, I can't comment. <br /> <br /> For pictures, there is a voice. Gary Rydstrom directs the voice team, and what sounds of sound! From the opening shooting point sound is alive and is treated. James Newton Howard makes us a powerful musical symbol, which congratulates the film for every way, never coming out of the place and always helps to create tension or destroy it. Maybe I was unsure of what the creators wanted. For me, the film shows that it is a delightful journey to adventure, with more loud sound than any Disney film before it. If you do not like the language-cheek view, then the efforts that have been put in the pictures enjoy. Heck, at least mythology is more accurate than it could be said about other Disney efforts (* cough * Hercules * cough *). This is positive, 10 out of 10 reviews, from someone who was hit by this film. I always stop my unbelief with any animated film? After all, the laws of the real world are more often broken in the middle of the cartoon. Then sit back, enjoy the journey, and maybe everyone can find something to enjoy about this film.
