Military training films are very common that they are happening to themselves. Among the most famous people we have, 'Officer and Gentle', 'Top Gun', 'GI Jane', and now 'Men of Honor'. The fact that this happened that really does not change the fact that the formula is the same. This film is more likely as 'GI Jane' as it considers the angle of desegregation. The story is really inspiring and perhaps the best humanitarian story among those mentioned above. Carl Brashear (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) is undoubtedly a man with great courage and principle, and his ability to characterize the light in this film. Unfortunately, the director George Tillman has a vision of a tunnel in the presentation of characters and experiments development of the character of different characters instead of Brashear for displaying Brashear in a constant state of trouble. Billy Sunday (Robert De Niro) is a central figure, and except for the first area, fistfight and several events with his wife, we don't know a lot about it. For example, Brashear sees scars on Sunday palms and we should assume that he worked, but there was no monitor on that point. Mr. Pappy (Hal Holbrook) gets only one event that we can condemn. All of its screenshots show him around and finish. If the director will make a human story, he needs to introduce the characters. Cuba Gooding Jr. provides excellent performance like Brashear. This is probably the best I have seen. This is the role and character that is more complete than any place he played before, and increases to the event. In 'Jerry Maguire', Rod Tidwell was an amazing, but one-dimensional character with a deep rainfall. Brashear is more complicated and stable, and the issues he faces are faced with life, making it more complicated. This is a better recovery from Gooding's 'Chill Factor' role, a very horrible film that was about to act on a professional suicide taking part. <br /> <br /> After stint trying his hand as a player ('Analyzing This', 'Adventures of Rocky & Bullwinkle', 'Meeting Parents'), Robert DeNiro has returned to its amazing roots with excellent performance. DeNiro is not a bad player, he is just a good actor that looks like he should not waste his time making comedy. DeNiro gives Billy Sunday and a strong rock-redeeming soul. It's a pleasure to look at him. It looks like every movie I see recently has local Shakira. I saw 'Legend of Bagger Vance', “Men of Honor” and 'Yards' fairly series and I had to start wondering if he had a part in every film in 2000 (in fact, he just made five). This was a small responsibility for Theron, but he took it off and was able to stay with DeNiro's step by step. David Keith, who collaborated with Richard Gere in the 'Officer and Gentleman', has come here <br /> <br /> The DVD has some interesting features, including reflections by Carl Brashear and other deleted items. I enjoyed this film despite the hackneyed plot and one-dimensional concept. I measured 7/10. I am the pastor of the lower stories and I enjoyed the story that the power of character is the main theme. This film is very powerful in all these areas and brings us two memorable displays that compensate some of the limitations of the director.
