After looking at the two pieces of silence, 'Elena and her men (1956)' is my first film feature of the French director Jean Renoir, and I am very happy. However, I did not watch the film for Renoir, but for star Ingrid Bergman, who? at the age of 41? it is still provided with infinite beauty, beauty and charm. In the early 1950s, after his marriage scandal in Italy Roberto Rossellini, Bergman fell short. The following five films, led by her husband, did not work in the United States, and I think the latest release for Renoir did not do little to increase Bergman's popularity with English audiences. However, he regained his former effectiveness with Oscar same year 'Anastasia (1956)'}. He becomes a star like Elena Sokorowska, a Polish princess who sees himself as an angel of caution, bringing success and recognition to men promising everywhere, before leaving them immediately. While working on gifts of charity to support the political assistance of General Francois Rollan (Jean Marais), she sees herself falling in love that she cannot walk. This inappropriate-political film makes it as good as satire or romantic comedy, as long as it takes it very seriously; is a romantic romantic sex. Translated into a powerful Technicolor, 'Elena and Men' appear as strong, colorful colors, characters and clothing. The Polish king of Bergman is a dream and somewhat concealed, not in an unseen way, but difficult woman with higher principles and beliefs. He is believed by the government's concern team talking to convince General Rollan to resolve the revolutionary government, using it for his love for him to satisfy his own deception as "guardian angel." Perhaps the best legitimate film is Henri de Chevincourt (Mel Ferrer, then Audrey Hepburn's husband), who ignores everyone's secondary self-interest and follows Elena with love, and love alone. This, Renoir boasts, what French really does is good. 'Elena and her men' are also trying, with a common success, showing clearly the top class of the French top class, through the fight against Eugène (Jacques Jouanneau), who can't love his grandmother grandmother without walking to the bride on them. For this series, Renoir was trying for a kind of humor that you can find in the Marx Brothers film, but the film itself has done so well and dropped that energy just doesn't exist.
