As in heaven [SPOILER PRODUCTS] This was a human drama that convinced my feelings and my thoughts. This is an example that describes the life and death of Christ. Daniel is a powerful musician, who is physically and mentally tired and his job, and he needs to give. When joining the church church as its talent, it brings change to the life of the voters, just as Jesus did to the community in the first century of Palestine. They laugh, they begin to talk openly and honestly to each other, their mistakes are known, they agree, love to love, to be an important community. This includes a young person with mental disabilities (? Tore), as well as their Investment. / Pastor, Stig enjoyed the authority by introducing shocking values ​​in the congregation, and the action is rejected by voters. When Stig dismisses Daniel, there is rebellion, and Stig is broken. Stig represents the Jewish authority of the day of Jesus, who insist on obedience to Jewish law, made a distinction between the new life for the "golden rule" brought by Jesus. In one wonderful place, someone says "the church broke out sin". All through the film, there is a distinction between moral life and essential life (being). True to the story of Christ, Daniel is killed by Conny, when he strikes, he leaves him in the river. In the next section, we cannot believe when the body of Daniel (resurrected) is buried in his room (the grave) that was cast out of a white cloth (spoon!), And three women (three women who had feet with a foot leg in the gospel). Daniel is very interested in Lena, a beautiful woman who has been purified by someone who loved her, and who is now a young woman (Jesus made a close relationship with Mary Magdalene- Lena- who was perhaps a high class / pastor). Through Lena, Daniel learns to love him, something he longed for, and now it is fulfilled. The song with Gabriella, written by Daniel, refers to living a full life, contrary to the moral accuracy that leads to anxiety about sin, and what is right and wrong. The last part shows all singers singing / exciting for harmony, like a mantra, drawing in a large audience, an example of harmony and intermediate cooperation that is actually a human fate.
