The famous orchestra director, Daniel Dareus, is discovered by what appears to be a heart attack when he finished performing the festival. Suddenly, we look at him as he comes to a small town where he has left many years before. Because he left the young very young, and his name has changed to give him a new persona. He bought the old school building where he is staying. The building requires a lot of work. One can expect someone in his place to have all the pleasures of the world he left behind to be put into his new home, but no, Daniel sets the winter in his own way. The local pastor, Stig, whose church has a small drawing, comes to call to see if he can attract Daniel to help, but the operator has no desire to return to music. Daniel begins to explore his new world. The people of the city leave him alone. He makes a sense of Lena, who works in a shop where he is going to get his food. Little brother, he comes closer and decides to engage with the musicians. Lena will finally come to love Daniel. At first, the relationship between Daniel's members and members is not exactly what he expected. When they know him well, they come to accept him and make him one of them. His new position does not like to give a woman who was a paid. The members of the drawing are carpenters, but they are aware of the changes Daniel has made to translate different songs. A new piece created by Gabriella, a beaten woman, makes a big impact on her life and that of her fellow singers. The Daniel's view for re-closing and Stig yourself. The winner begins to see Daniel in a new light; he is a sick person who likes to read newspapers of pornography before making love to his wife, Siv. His thoughts contradict the approach, as Siv tells him. Stig decides to stop what he sees to have a negative influence on Daniel by beating him as a headache. <br /> <br /> Advisor, invited to participate in a competitive trip to Austria. Daniel, who has now fallen completely to Lena, has the opportunity to demonstrate for the first time in his life his feelings for him when he begins to find doubt about their relationship. Daniel, who has delayed his own concert, hears them playing music even though he is among them. <br /> Kay Pollak, director of this very interesting film, shows that he was a man to do it. The story involves a viewer from the beginning. Most of the success of the movie goes to the set panel set together. William Nykvist, who is responsible for the lead, is the best excuse to watch the film. Frida Hallgren, Niklas Falk, Ylva Loof, works best for Mr. Pollak. Stefan Nilsson is a great music composer he hears. Harald Gunnar Paalgard's movie makes the film look good to make different seasons for the viewer in their beauty.
