First, I enjoyed this film and its message, which is about the courage to live life to the fullest. Very humble, and pleasant and sad and sad, very interesting, it was a pleasure to watch. Here is my "off" though: The movie was a very long and at some point, it continued to raise more and more conflicts so that it began to lose the main line of the main story. Not acceptable though with other views that are true to have many people "incredible" in a small village. I think this was absolutely true! There are wonderful games going on everywhere, we don't know this about people we met just exactly. I did not like the last, which was carrying for example and was very forced. It left bad taste as it was. I did not like that many of the issues mentioned carefully in the group (while some of the other defendants in front of each of the big things, people would be "embarrassed" more than every voice in front of everyone, even if they are one group working closely and). And: the defense is the most powerful human being. Why would Daniel be allowed to be beaten and never fought, even to defend himself? I mean he was not weak, he could try to defend himself during the attack but he just ran to see him do nothing. It was as if the journalist tried to bring him a message like "hate is not needed," but the way he chose to do so was not good. I am also opposed to violence but behavior loses trust when it stays unmoved despite all the attacks. And: Gabriella ... why a woman, who has spent many years playing a man, coming to that person after being arrested and saying "I didn't want any damage. Like all of us". Oh really, this very destroyed! What was he who was holy or what? It would be natural for him to be bitter but not near "holy" and therefore not human. Did his work with Daniel and music were so great that it made him forget every s ** t happened to him? O, please. Therefore, these were destructive times. However, I still think this is an interesting movie everything, which is surprisingly enough, due to my discomfort and quite a few things. See! ;-)
