International director Daniel Daréus (Michael Nyqvist) has a heart attack and a very powerful academic life and reinforces his successful career and early retirement. He decides to return to his north-northern city of Sweden, from where his mother left with a seven-year-old boy who was abused by Conny and others of the school, living a low life. He buys an old school and is invited to participate in the church choir and Pastor Stig's (Niklas Falk), but Daniel who loves and disgraces the rejection. However, he is concerned with the community and feels attracted to Lena (Frida Hallgren), a woman of the former area with a local doctor. His music opens the hearts of members of the drawing, affecting their daily life: Tore swift (André Sjöberg) has a chance to participate in choir; Inger (Ingela Olsson), Stig's wife, offers her oppressed sex; Gabriella (Helen Sjöholm) takes a stand against her abusive and abusive husband; Siv trouble with trouble (Ilva Lööf) opens his heart against Lena; Holmfrid oil (Mikael Rahm) cries on the joke of Arne (Lennart Jähkel) of the trader; even Daniel begins to love people with Lena as the love of his life. When invited to participate in the main competition in Vienna, Daniel finds his music opening the heart of people who make his dreams come true. It 's Som I Himmelen "is a very touching and sensitive movie, and a very good story. It's amazing how Kay Pollak's director and screenplayers have managed to develop a large number of characters in 132 minutes during the race. The exhibition is a high-symbol, used by the best color of the music and at least two amazing times: when Gabrielle sings her song at the concert, and certainly the last festival in Vienna and the audience, jury and everyone who plays in the songs, and Daniel does His dream comes. As with "Teorema", the visitor changes lives, not just the family, but the conservative community. Additionally, like many European movies, the clear conclusion shows that Daniel actually died, at least in my interpretation, to achieve peace and success of his music. My eyes were wet in these two events. My vote is nine. <br /> <br /> Headline (Brazil): "Nothing to Paraíso" ("Life in Paradise")
