My expectations were high for this film. Everyone I know who saw this film on the movie told me that everyone there went through credit because they were very touched. My expectation could not be high, anything extraordinary would despise me. I was anything but I missed this film. I liked how it was related to difficult issues without going through the usual Hollywood film. In these film actors they worked through the problems they had for decades, worked bravely, learned to open. But it did not come easily, and not just to sing a song or two. It was painful, it took the argument, it took the fight. It felt like a real life. One place in which it was called me was the place where Gabriella sings her song. Helen Sjöholm is one of my favorite singers, her voice is beautiful, and you can tell her that it was not just a mouth-balancing on the original memory when photography (which I often find in other movies), sang to her whole body and soul. You can feel what Gabriella was feeling in the area. If this film has been made on Hollywood's song it would have been able to sing to the end, and would have made her husband open her eyes and see the errors of her ways, and also make other people in the village realize something or two. Instead it came half way, and did not bring any solution. Her husband had no discomfort to find out what she was in, and it was not found to be anyone else in the village more than open mind. It was good, it was clean and it was touching but it wasn't difficult to solve all its problems. That was true to me, perhaps what happened in real life. The whole movie felt like real life to me, nothing well tied but everything with a sense of happiness and happiness. You search rarely a movie that feels to be real. <br /> <br /> There were a few things that caused, but hey, no movie is perfect. If you have never been to see "As in Heaven" and to be filled with joy for life, a sense of hope and feeling that you are touched on the stereotypes are not accessible. You will be sad, bitter, happy and twelve emotions. Another person said that if everyone on earth sang in the drawing there would be no more war. After seeing this film I might agree.
