Kay Pollak's warm heart of 2004 Så som i himmelen / As in heaven has every discrimination of Swedish humanity and adultery you still have the ability to be pleased. It has many bombs of stupid critics, promotional evil and saccharin-debunkers, but it can still show the color of life in small communities effectively. The film also runs the proverbial message about 'finding the voice' and 'just doing it in spite of the fear of man', without removing the switch from the throat of anxiety. His achievements as the pleasure of people comes from two things. First of all, small guides that bring new life to Christian communities in the country provide sufficient quantity of lies while at the same time allowing the overlooked characters to burst their hair. The same year and with the Swedish wind, the Queen of Sheba did so, and the Festival of Babette also comes to mind. Secondly, any film about small communities that take over the world of the world will attack mankind in our most self-indirect and independent world. Comparison of this film with Monty Full format, Brassed Delivery, Calendar Girls and Open Day shows its debtor form. But it is a formula and a surviving life in it yet, and this seems to be because people need good films that provide a sense of community around them even though they themselves. The guest is given out Mr. Daniel Daréus on the efforts to restore it. The city he visits, or replaces, is, unknown to the urban city, the place of his childhood. He was worried by his fellow students here, thought because he was a good musician without the intention of driving. Here, he takes the job of cantor / choirmaster, despite the usual suspicions of artists and exporters. The place is, of course, with a wide variety of known species that characteristic characteristics can be predicted: a broken-hearted girl, a very good-looking young woman approaching; serves a local business mobile phone. a woman whose beauty has been lost during domestic violence; A wise shepherd and his young wife, who for the first time seems to be out of Ingmar Bergman. There is also: envy, silly spinster (Siv) (see); geriatric whose spirit is still singing (look); an older couple who may have resisted the desire for each other since kindergarten (see); an adult whose work shows that we should not laugh and say 'fat' (look); a boy with a disability who shows the ability to sing 'A' (look). Pollak's films are not all of the temperatures, however. It differs from 'let's put it on the show despite immunity and small resistance'. It has violence and the end that can be a symbol of death after reaching nirvana's creativity. The violence of this film is the work of male wrath and repression, but never does not know why the appreciation of the school that grows within the wife's wife is like this. Similarly, the young Shepherd of the city follows faithfully, the behavior of black-wearing anti-Protestant exhibitions, since his secret secret in the girlie magazine is not surprisingly surprising. His show and deception are just there, not compatible with psychological reality. Probably an unnamed picture of a little boy, a lost son perhaps, once collapsed on his shoulder, has a secret. <br /> <br /> Perhaps these holes are the work of editing, like several variations and continuous glitches, as well as Siv's redefinition in choir (twice) after the moral outbursts. In fact there is not even one of the hitches in the last very long film and all seems to be resolved within the area. Apart from other things of love, the 127-minute film is not always appropriate, but there is a feeling that things can be left on the floor room. <br /> <br /> The film remains stable for three stars. holes that can be inserted into it. This is because only in the world of technology that concentrates on technology and the pursuit of material things, any humanitarian view is, less, welcome to anyone, even surprising.
