This is a very series of BBC-TV mini-series which is found to be transparent on the incredible disappearance of a young mother, but the series is more true of the study of the characters involved in the story, which lasts for five hours. It is therefore a piece of piece, where different types of British actors and artists can show their talent. Real characters displayed are actually 'kind of people that are usually not available', people are pleased with nondescript that is hard to love. For example, the leading behavior is a young man (whose wife disappears) who does not work and no interest is seen in the search. She lives away from her parents. He was once in the Army but does not seem to have a slight decrease in any desire or interest in life without vote in his small family. He is played by David Oyelowo, who is a brilliant side, coming as a sympathetic man, though his only activities for five hours are love and sadness, which he does well, so that someone wants to comfort him, if he is so obviously a good guy. The performance of the entire series of course is undoubtedly Penelope Wilton, who makes circles around everyone else in the story. He is just wonderful. He shows a unkind woman, certainly the only character in a story that is very well known to everyone, that is enough, arrogant, independent, powerful, powerful, loving blind and loving, blind woman many. Alas, alas, we know them very well. Wilton is one of the best British artists (see my comments on it at 'Half Broken Things'). It takes a character that can be two-dimensional and makes it four-dimensional. He is helped by the old Patrick Malahide, who plays with his angry husband, and two of them put a high level for all small players. Janet McTeer, an interesting actor at a time, has been a kind of person of the moment now that he is an old man, he has somehow, and puts away, but saves himself in the last stage of the story by showing how talented athlete can be at gets an opportunity to remove one of the most interesting and original drinks I saw on the film. The greatest surprise is the incredible character Sarah, played with deep and great realities with Sarah Smart actress. He takes a habit that would insufferably stimulate and with a very magic to make his work a very wonderful and amazing person, whom we wonder for a long time five hours. She is so good that we end up asking ourselves about Sarah Smart, in fact. I think what happens when you do your job well, that people wonder where the character ends and the actor begins, if he knows himself, that is, and many do not. He has a very subtle approach to his eyes, which trembles and informs us that he has not been treated, but we do not know how or why, though we eventually learn that he was very young and evil. His experience of strange face words is wonderful. Rory Kinnear is an amazing inducement as a hopeless person who lives with his mother and not over, but who turns into deep. (I think many people hide deep, but we want to give it, that's the question.) His mother plays very well with Margot Leicester. Good performance is given by Lucinda Dryzek, who plays with a girl, who protects the little girl of the kind we met to meet, but who at the moment of the fall falls in tears and becomes worried, and her proud pride is only. Three other children are also very good, Lucinda's friend, and her younger brother and half-sister. The younger brothers may be very much like the characters in the story (they seem unable to say anything exactly describing, being witnesses without hope of disappearing), and a little suggesting them but their sweet nature, but that is explained by the amazing effect of Lee Massey as a boy and Tyler Anthony as a girl. Harriet Walter has a small role, but we can't see a lot of it, which is a shame, for he is a very good actor who was lost here. One can continue, but one must line up somewhere. The series can be surprising because of the depth of being shown to all these people who are not interested in the network of worries and concerns.
