This is the first and sole feature of Paul F. Ryan. She has done nothing since. However, he was able to get an amazing congregation thrown to describe the characters of his story. I don't know when or why the idea came to his head, but Ryan wrote a screen which later became his directed movie, "a home room." Busia Philippine carries a film on his shoulders like Alicia, a concerned girl; those we see always in the television series. And black hair and black clothes; The cigarette bag in the pocket, looking for a strange and misleading eyes (for flowers, of course). The event has occurred at his school; shoot. Some students have died, and he saw everything. Now Detective Martin Van Zandt (Victor Garber) investigates the case, and, as expected, Alicia is a suspect. But the bullet is just a gene; The movie is not on the shot. The bed in bed is Deanna Cartwright (Erika Christensen). He is one of the victims of the hospital. Script has established a bond between them, and the Head of School (James Pickens Jr). He helps all students to recover from the event, but Alicia does not seem to care. He is the only one. Therefore the Great chastens him; he needs to visit Deanna every day up to five hours. Then the movie begins. <br /> <br /> I can't even describe how written it is amazing I think the movie is. I can identify with the characters and situations they live; I love the reality. These things can happen to anyone. And what they say is quite clear. They grow up and try to deal with things they have not received; they do well. Not knowing, Alicia (when she first visits Deanna) and Deanna (when she sees Alicia standing in front of her) starts the journey that will translate their lives and ideas to the next step in life; after high school. <br /> <br /> The director leads Christensen and Philipps through their roles very well. See the difference between them. Deanna seems to be ignorant and with a clear mind; there is no contradiction in his mind. Alicia enters her room and sees tons of flowers asks: "Who brought it?". "Many people", Deanna answers; although several days later we learn from his parents, who come every week. All parents' statistics are well represented, but not as important as their children. Deanna is lonely. Alicia seems mature and cruel; smoking and talking. But after two days of visiting, she finds herself returning to the hospital every day; even sleeping the Deanna room all night. When both are fighting later, I believe Deanna says: "Why are you coming back?". Alicia is lonely too. At the end of the film, without losing it, comes a little trouble; it's something that I haven't been waiting for. It removes some of the powerful movie it has. Revelation comes completely without necessity; to destroy the climax of the logic that may have film. It was the best script however; with the best direction. Very good movie. When it comes to Erika Christensen, this is the role she needed to jump up. His role in the "Traffic" was interesting, but this was a great step; The main role. Perhaps many had no opportunity to see him in this film, and that's compassion. He has not made one false argument since then. He has come with good performances in bad movies. On the other hand, the Busy Philippians, who proved so much in this film (what change), do not have many opportunities for other responsibilities. It is similar with Paul F. Ryan (for leading, curses), and I expect he is now sitting on his computer to finish his new script; I'm waiting for his next movie. I have the best hope for all.
