This series, produced at the most convenient time after World War II, is about the value of the value that stands beyond the concept of anyone rejecting. The World Time in the World War in 1974, about three decades after the war, allows for incorporating accurate events in a way that is not recognized by the remaining propaganda. The thirty-year section allows for the support and attractiveness of the individuals involved, from military and political figures more to the field soldiers, civilians, and victims of death camps if they have witnessed the unacceptable people. Many who come or well in their senior years, interviews have enough time to reflect on their experiences and in many cases they have had enough time to propaganda and any opportunities that may affect them in the past that they have left, leaving only the memory of what they saw and what they did. The information that these victims provide, with emphasis on strengths and exhibitions and expressions they show when they tell their part, give their stories to more effect. Names like Ira Eaker, Adolph Galland, Louis Mountbatten, Albert Speer, Gertrude Junge (Secretary of Hitler Personal) ... The list is very long to involve. Today, within the lives of the survivors of this great subject at the worst of political aspirations, are the young people who sing one of the multinational and national instruments of war as directed by WW2. The series of DVDs we are discussing here should be the basis of the mandatory history of school history, that the cost-effective study of those days should not be lost but should be taken to the heart by those who did not see themselves the most expensive price. <br /> <br /> I have almost examined 11 disk sets, after seeing more series when the local TV station has moved more than 10 years ago. It has not lost any of his ignorance to me, it has actually become even more beautiful than the darkest days of human history. The highest possible rating seems inappropriate to be used for this theme. I think the value of this series is more than count.
