This fascinating feature has a very good line of story, with characters with color and speed. it also includes a device from "Pindua Wind Wind", and since Cecil B. Deille explained that her husband-in-law Anbthony Quinn inspired this film due to its preparation, which can not be unfortunate. it works in both cases, I must report. Regularly telling the viewer that Barataria, the island supervised by Jean Lafitte is built on piracy, but during the 1812 war, and before, he has always blocked the US agencies. Now Chief Andrew Jackson has been charged with defending New Orleans close to only 12,000 men against the United Kingdom Imperial and 60-60s. The Lafitte men want him to be strong and strong; he wants freedom and forgiveness for his men before they get a spot as an U.S. There are other things that work on the line of the story; pirate Bonnie Brown and her father want to attack American ships and do so contrary to Lafitte's instructions, leaving the boy alive without knowing that they have missed the eye evidence. When his testimony comes out, Jackson cannot give what Lafitte asks; but Lafitte helps him to serve and during the fog, the Pirates and Jackson run the British and he travels to anything that awaits someone who has knowledge and leadership but is not profitable. The release of this beautiful and physical film is truly skilled. Yul Brynner has one of his best responsibilities as a pirate king, Inger Stevens is good; if the girl loves him, Charles Boyer has good lines as his counselor, strong Lorne Greene is an opponent, E.G. The Governor of Marshall, and Claire Bloom is charismatic like Bonnie Brown. Others in the sand include Ted de Corsia, Douglass Dumbrille, George Mathews, Henry Hull as Jackson's adviser, Bruce Gordon, Onslow Stevens, Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffries, and Leslie Bradley, among others. Music by Elmer Bernstein is very memorable, and the 1938 script has made here was just a little frustrated. The film shows were the old Loyal Griggs work, made by Albert Nozaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler, and decorations set by Sam Comer and Roy Moyer and Edith Head dress, John Jensen and Ralph Jester. Nellie Manley made elaborate hairstyles and Wally Westmore difficult exercises. The film has a very good discussion of the dialogue and a very strong level of war. Charlton Heston, as well as Andrew Jackson, organized to play part of the elder's head and then discovered that he was a minor during war; but often they are effective, gray or not, especially in exchange with Henry Hull as Mr. Peavey. This is exciting and beautiful entertainment, such as C.B. DeMille has completed its production; it's beautiful and almost a very beautiful picture of motion.
