When I finished reading the book of Nancy Drew 20 years ago, my many memories of false behavior are probably. From what I had gathered, the books that were brought to me when the massacre of the youth were popular at the time (for my case, 80 years and early 90s), and Hardy Boys, Famous Five, and of course, "Carolyn Keene" Nancy Drew among the most popular ones. I still remember the hard work books and the very scenarios, it is usually heavy (for the child) around, and the thickness of the book might be linked to the fact that words are printed in big fonts. Well, the character has been given other updates on the way, if I remember Nancy Drew's books of my subsequent sister being less thick, stretch, as well as updated and more of Nancy displayed on the lid. I can't remember if these stories were similar to those of the former hard work, but I think these books, being ghostwritten, have their right to updating itself at times. <br /> In this Warner Brothers release of Nancy Drew, of course the character finds its surgeon at times, but somehow the authors Andrew Fleming and Tiffany Paulsen held the feeling of a small town of 50 years, and thus remained charm and taste that werm , people like me, will enjoy it. His sense of style, prim and his merits, even the characteristics of the small character that make him, well, Nancy Drew. His family's position remains more or less, like his only-born father, Carson Drew (Tate Donovan), who relocates to his daughter and himself in a big city with good job opportunities, and throwing a child His daughter far away from the city of River Heights. Mom is just a memory away, and a maid makes a cameo. But what made Nancy Drew work, is thrown to Emma Roberts in the lead role. The boy's aunt Julia, also owns that very beautiful, red hair impossible and a megawatt smile. Nancy Drew her, when at first it seems to trigger a bad way, it will actually grow on you. And almost what I thought could be the scene removed from the Pretty Woman, she had characters walking in a classy shop with the opposite effect. When Dad Carson Drew tries to bring Nancy out of his life scenarios and focus on the normal life of young people, faith Nancy finds themselves living in a house whose owner, Hollywood has been, was found killed under an environment. suspicion. The secret solution is its food comfort when she considers herself a shepherd of intimate friendship, and not a short time we have left with her on her great screening adventure. There is nothing to Dahlia Black on crime and secret, and instead it's a direct piece of Nancy to solve, between being a friend of Corky (Josh Flitter) chubby friend from school, and Enhancing Ned's partner (Max Thieriot), while hiding the fact of his extra-curricular activities from his father. The story has been caused by the fun of pleasure and the feelings of feelings that you enjoy, and together, it becomes the amount of scooby-doo like. For small violence and no big bone or bag explosions, this is a great type that is known for transparency and a "flick" alert. I think the movie will produce a new generation of fans, fix the old memory, and perhaps, perhaps only, it can lead to a new fashion trendy fashion.
