If my expectations were not met, they were indeed met. "Nancy Drew" works as a secret and comedy. It gives respect to the books that they were considering and wiping at the same time. The movie begins to close close to the book shelf and the loan sequence similar to the illustrations from the books. Then it begins to make these books right away. Author / director Andrew Fleming seems to realize the idea of ​​a little girl constantly breaking the ring of crime in a small town is ridiculous, so it doesn't take a religious idea. He is wondering about Nancy Drew's ability to do anything, such as ace every class at school, knowing which is cooking cakes is perfect for converting any enemy on his side, making a bird's house with twelve feet, and even making emergency tracheotomy at the party . Nancy'd always be a perfect model, if she was living in a beautiful 1950 instead of today L.A. And she carries around the bed of a "sleuth" full with the toes of the toes, torch, compass, and glass. In fact, of course, but I have found to remember the acquisition of Hardy Boys at any time for CSI equipment to be very little too. And if the private eye of the pipsqueak is younger than its literary participant, it is not more than proud in the film part. <br /> <br /> The secret of the movie is dealt with seriously. Nancy and his lawyer lawyer migrates from their small town to Los Angeles, where Nancy enters a cooling case involving a Hollywood star star who lived in his new home decades ago. Nancy is looking for tips on other effective methods, such as Google's web site and this video and images of the original video of the victim. When he does something more than usual, you should delight the girl's skill. Emma Roberts, a very beautiful baby, plays an amateur of the size of the color of beauty. She makes a beautiful girl loved, if not really. Tate Donovan is also as good as a beautiful girl of the girl, Carson Drew. He is the best figure of the father without having an abnormal meaning, and he shows concern for his daughter if he gets in danger. He doesn't like it is Max Thierot who takes Ned Nickerson, Nancy's partner. I loved being shown to George O'Hanlon Jr. in a series of 1970 television with Pamela Sue Martin as Nancy Drew, whom Ned was a shaded, powerful and slight child on Nancy. Corky's character (Josh Flitty), a twelve-year-old crush on Nancy, is not better than Ned Max Thierot. Amy Bruckner and Kay Panabaker seem to be evenly beaten as the Nancy of Bess and George's pals, but only makes it come for a short time at the beginning of the film. Talking of cameos, Chris Kattan (SNL), Eddie Jemison ("13th Sea"), and Bruce Willis all makes a surprise appearance of the visitor, which proves that he can never think it is a film that Bruce Willis will come in the next. <br /> <br /> Movie doesn't fail to live for some of the capabilities. It was mentioned earlier that the new home of Drews is booby-trapped very much, but Nancy and her father have been held by hitting booby traps a few minutes after that. Also, Nancy explains the cooling case she is about to investigate if the massacre is taking place in a big party, which should give a lot of killings, but she only meets with a few of the suspects. And when there is a time to emphasize the truth during the adventures of Nancy, the solution of the case does not provide anywhere, and finally all the fibers of the plot are easily locked and who cares. Ralph Sall's score adds to the emphasis on the film, but the modern teenybopper songs are tied to the sound of the songs are lame. However, I enjoyed this film, and when the movie focuses mainly on the middle girls, people of any age and gender can enjoy.
