"La Maman and the putain" is the perfect film of all time. And what surrounds it can be a connection between the truth and the art involved in the film, which is directed directly to the "A la Recherche du temps perdu". Of course, "La Maman and la putain" and "In search of lost time" describes the same story: one of the failures of love, which helps again. The name of the first woman is Gilberte, and the second woman looks like a twisted and misleading Gilberte: Veronika is like a "Gilberte female", beautiful as a night, when Gilberte was clean, and "beautiful as a day". After the failure of the first love, the second love begins, but this is as if it has already been destroyed and first. Veronika replaces Gilberte, in Alexandre's life and in the movie. He takes a step by step, first and often, Gilberte is still coming to Alexandre waiting for Veronika, then quite a bit. That suggests that it is a sad story that repeats itself, "the unbelieving woman" alike, as Alexandre says, who seems unrelenting - and the unbeliever is for Proust to step up in love, which makes it possible, but also emphasizes her deception. Art is what causes the passage between the outside - the illusion of love - why within, which is true, and is learning this truth. For example, when Veronika realizes the strange way Alexandre makes a bed, he responds that he saw it on the movie, and then, to be a film, "it is for that, to learn how to live, how to make bed". Alexander wants to live if he was in the film, wants his life to be art. This art of the art comes from Proust, whose Eustache shares the same refusal with "political art" and originality in art. "La Maman and the putain" are fighting against the "great political" abortion - see for example the ironical investigation of the political film by Alexandre. As Proust says: "Art does not look at all these ads, and it just exists in silence." First of all, art is self-conscious. And that's also why realism or natureism rejected: the art needs to transform the reality into existence. Proust writes: "I have found the real deception, which is false". That is why "La Maman and the Putain" do not hide its invention, it emphasizes through the actors "say" their texts: "The more you seem to be fake, the more you go up," said Eustache. Eustache and Proust both share this idea that the artist is "translation" of the inner reality. But Alexandre failed when Eustache succeeded. "La Maman and the Putain" tells us the failure of the character to be what he really. You can see the tragedy comes when you go further on the film, which becomes worse. You can see it in front of Alexandre, who looks more and more like living-dead. You can see for the fact that long-term events, and that over time, nothing happens outside. At the end of the film, when you see the writing of Alexandre, and Veronika asking if he writes his life, you might think that he is not, that even literature failed. The end of the film shows the death of Alexander, who breaks the great weight. And in this nursing room, Alexandre looks more like Albertine than Marcel. To describe our failure, we can say that Alexandre is a Balzac reader. In "Form and importance", Jean Rousset explains that, in Proust, the readers of Balzac, who are Swann and Charlus, do not have any artistic ability, because they face reality, who lack the art. They see the truth in art and "do not know the difference between the life of the artist and his work, between truth and art". And that's exactly Alexandre. He says for example that "loves a woman for similar reasons, because he played for the example of Bresson". She is like Swann, who likes to Odette because she looks like a woman of Botticelli. "Life is probably not my work". Imagine this is true for Eustache, who committed suicide, even if it is said by Alexandre. However, there is a distinction between Alexandre and Eustache: if Eustache is Alexandria completely, Alexandre is like twice without art, a horrible vision of the artist, which shows his fear. To lose Veronika at the end of the film, Alexandre is judged for fraud. It is death that reminds me of the end of the film, in front of Jean-Pierre Léaud and also at the last ponies of Veronika. Or perhaps it is already hell which describes the end, as in Sarte's "Huit-Clot", and does not like in the ultimate liberation of "Le Temps retrouvé". If Eustache had read Proust, Alexandre could not finish the book, with life and Veronika when he tried to read it in his house or in cafés. "La Maman et La Putain" is like double "Looking for lost times", which says how Alexander has not been an artist, when "A la Recherche du temps perdu" says how Marcel writes (Genette) Like, as Baudelaire says, the expert explains " The truth for the light of his dream ", is his problem which Eustache tells us" La Maman and la Putain ".
