In what might have been seen as a revolutionary to the "gender revolution" (deliberately using the quotation), Jean Eustache wrote and guided Mother and Pastor as a study of poetry and destruction of those who do not seem to get enough love. If there is a message for this film - and I would like to hope that the message comes only after the fact that this aspect of Ben-Hur's height should give - is that to love, honestly, it must be a level of happiness, real truth. Is it possible to have two partners? Some may try, but the result is if no one can have what they want, or feel they can even say what they want? <br /> <br /> What! What is the truth in which Alexandre (Jean-Pierre Leaud) has women around him? She is a pseudo-professional of twenty, not for any visible work and lives away from a woman, Marie (Bernadette Lafont) older than she and usually, if not always, her lover, her last possible love-animal has left her, and then takes a woman who sees on the street, Veronika (Françoise Lebrun), who might remind her. Recently what is seen is the love of the triangular triangles that are placed on the film, where psychological terms are characterized by brutal words and the smallest signs. At first we think it would be all about what will happen to Alexandre, but we are wrong. Women are very important to this question of love and sex that should be around, talking and continuing, for something that comes in. We are told that part of the sexual revolution, in theory if not entirely in practice (perhaps it was, I could not say that it was not alive when seeing the first hand), it was the same freedom that caused a lack of sanctions. But Eustache's point of view, if not the full message, is that it is impossible to have both ways: you cannot have people who love you and expect to be satisfied with the last collaboration coming with "f *** ing", if the characters refer to it again and again. <br /> <br /> Mother and female strengths such as having a head showing this fear under evil, a lack of a wife's family, while also stimulating the mind in the discussion of the debate that you have ever seen in the film. . At the same time we see a character like Alexandre, who likes to feel like talking about a particular film he has seen or something wrong from the past, Eustache does it so that the film itself is not worried - although it may seem - but that it's on ignorance, what lies down. of those who hide their inner faults, what they need to use when they are finally alone in the morning. If you thought about a film like Before Sunrise / Sunset was a talking relationship, you didn't think this. But as Eustache is shown in the conversation, these characters, sometimes they are meaningful, or 'deep', or sex, or in fact, or very often (or in a manner of failure) emotionally, has never been, has never been interesting or interesting . On the contrary, for those who do not have enough ability to film * good conversation, it is unique. When his style does not call for the courage that came with his predecessors in a new unknown story twelve years before, the touch of the Eustache wave included characters, and then repeat on them. This is a reality and a sense of perspective, and things in time and badly and negatively, negatively and without shame in expression. All three staff members have joined their partners who cannot see them as 'making' feelings or going to the melodrama. It's almost good to TOO in nature / realism, but for Eustache material there is no other way around it. Fortunately Leaud offers a string of his career of the same period, and both women, especially Labrun as a "prostitute" Veronika (allegedly refusing to deny at the peak of a variety of films in one unmistakable shot). And, like another touch, every time often, the director will enter into a time of stability of thought, behavior alone, listening to the record, and meditation or pain of stability. This may be a great influence on Jim Jarmusch, who dedicated his broken flower to Eustache and has one particular area that has been completely eradicated (and in love) in a way from the white of Paris. , before seeing the broken flowers, I have never heard of Eustache or this film, and it has been a great challenge (not available on the American DVD, and with VHS so few it took many months of tracking in various libraries). It's not the moment of that time lost; Mother and White are a very good job, one of the best French exhibitions, perhaps even one of the most wonders I have seen from the country as a whole. It's hard, it's sweet, it's cool, it takes, and it's too long, maybe too long. It is also satisfactory on the kind of standard that I would like to compare with the Events from Marriage; A true revelation of the human condition continues to occur 35 years after the release of each film.
