Unfortunately, Jean Eustache (1938-1981) is like most of the once filmmakers of France who are making a film today to the unknown who their movies are hard to find and are not opened on international DVDs. Since we have an old Tucson video shop, I had the opportunity to look at this 1/2 hour marathon work that is not for ten seconds. Since we are saying here about one of the most discussed discussions (and much discussed) at all times, I would like to tell you my opinion that the endless conversation, the original model for the original "Nouvelle Vague" of Jacques Rivette or Alain Resnais seems to be concerned in this film. The discussion is the primary monologues, especially the tallest ones spoken by Jean-Pierre Léaud. The most characteristic feature is that the two dialogue settings are almost zero. Léaud, or his character, Alexandre, is glad to tell more about himself than about the topic he seems to speak. Therefore, one cannot talk about communication in this film. It is possible that the director had a satire of violence in mind against the improper use of political and social ideas of once and for fire, but the type of man Alexandre exists all the time, we see him already in the "Satiricon" of Petron, which works has very similarity to "Mother and Brother". Alexandre does not have anything, but has created a kind of kimetaphysics on the lack of acting, at least acting in the sense of responsibility to the society in which it is. He laughs at people who are running to work at 7 o'clock in the morning, when he is just busy after his last drink before going to bed at one of his female friends whose money he lives. He cannot speak one sentence without mentioning one of the leading professionals between Nietzsche and Bernanos. Especially Sartre who is quickly shown in the French café of "Aux Deux Magots", where Alexandre has also sat for the whole day, must be an excuse for Alexandre's life style and his colleagues, because they suffer from nausea from a bourgeois nausea . However, Alexandre's intellectual speech seems to be a pseudo-mind, and judgment and quips he cites seem to come instead of a quotation dictionary than from his actual reading of the books. it is true: this movie requires a greater knowledge of Europe, especially the knowledge of the existing French philosophy and the impact on the movement of the 68 student revolution, but if you have this knowledge, you will enjoy the 215 minutes of your life by watching TV and right to laugh if you probably haven't done it for a long time.
