Jake Speed ​​is a film that does not have one thing? The charismatic leadership. Unfortunately that's something that reduces the entire movie and is embarrassing because for the heart it is an enjoyable movie of work with a sufficient and highly interesting script, if it is derived from the base. Although it is genesis perhaps it can track back to the success of Indiana Jones trilogy ?? The film really plays a little more like 'Romancing Stone' though back. It is not a false writer of the romantic concept guided by adventure and behavior such as one of his creation is a false character (who happens to write his own adventures) leading an ordinary woman to one of his adventures. <Br /> <br /> When a young woman disappears in Paris, her sister Margaret (played with Karin Kopins who is fascinating) is included with the heroes of Jake Speed ​​(Wayne Crawford) and her Dennis (Dennis Christopher) who all come to be true and innocent people in an adventure that brings them into the heart of the civil war that broke the African state and ultimately into groups of two bad brothers Sid (John Hurt) and his brother's surprise camp in Maurice (Roy London) . Is that a plot? not a labyrinthine and not hard but a story that describes it does not require deep depth. The order of action is good to start and indeed it is true that the hero's trio is placed through their action (if they are not caught in the war between the government and the rebel forces or fall into the full hole of the lion) and there is no doubt some lines are quite funny. However the film seems to be struggling to get to the end and unfortunately the process of action that is quite interesting to start and go anywhere and eventually become a little bland and irksome. This, however, may not be such a matter if it is possible to love Jake Speed ​​but due to Wayne Crawford's performance it is difficult to take care of exactly what happens. Now I don't know if he was identifying himself a little thin as he was also a producer and a movie writer or if he's not just a good actor (if I haven't seen him in a lot of things) but they don't really convince you like a mix of Doc Savage, Indiana Jones and Jack Colton. Is this a shame because many of the other actors are doing their job well? Karen Kopins is so interesting and influential and his character shares a good flag with Jake (unfortunately it has never been lobby). Dennis Christopher is perfect as a sidkick of archetypal and John Hurt shares part with a fun camp? almost as if he was in the sixth part of Batman. He keeps on his few events screaming for the cockney's ignorance of keeping in the performance that is almost in another film. Sid is not Moriarty (shown as the Nemesis of Jake from the number of adventures / his original books) but he is happy to enjoy. Jake Speed ​​tries to create a similar B movie B as 'Night Comet' (a film produced by Crawford a few years before) and almost succeeds but is missing? which is embarrassing because Jake would be good to look at several adventures and could be used best with a series of television. I would like to suggest this out of the appeal but finally it causes a bitter taste because many things were there to do something good.
