Often friends have a bad reputation for having a bit of depth. Armed with someone, proves that the idea is false. Shaw's play is full of comedic drama, combining a entertaining plot with a really deep philosophical. <br /> <br /> At one level, armed with someone is a success, and some unique, romantic comedy. Raina, the model, and on Raina comes from the military family deeply involved in the war; his partner and father are military officers. He laughs, one night at the arrival of enemy soldiers. He saves him, knowing that he will have to keep this secret to his family forever, and that the soldier finally leaves you. Of course, once the war is over, the soldier goes back, forced every one of the core characters to rethink their values ​​and relationships. <br /> <br /> It's very amazing how Shaw column means within a common comedic plot. Shaw can comment on the construction of the class, with the warfare of war, and even with a state of love. And, in fact, he does so with the Shavian witness and within a reasonable plot. There's a lot here to think about that I think a lot could be missing in one look. Weapons and Man is the best performing actor and it is definitely one of the best works of Shaw. The weapon and man "is an exciting and stimulating movie that is still important to it today, more than a century after the first pregnancy. Shaw mocks in the most popular theory on war and love and combines military satire with a caution on love and family structure. This game has flashing wit, buoyant humor and bitter bitterness. A good example of Shaw's negotiations is a report by Captain Bluntschli to Serguis: "I am a professional soldier: I fight when I should, and I am so happy to get out of it when not necessarily. In fact as the son of the Swiss hotel watchman, Bluntschli had no reason to participate in the war and it is this lack that Shaw questions questions patriotic questions. Shaw explores the whole concept of war and the military from both sides of the struggle and at the end shows that the feelings of both camps are not different. Conversation and violence are used to conventional ideas of life have been incorporated with a simple verification of the story of the story towards the end of the fairytale. Last where all the characters are offered fun and lovers change and love change is what emphasizes the essence of this game as a comedy. This is a movie that reinforces its image of being a world-wide appeal and still fits today when the war and love and love of marriage and marriage have changed dramatically. "Weapons and Man" of Shaw should maintain its importance for as long as there is love and war.
