Surprisingly for play is not available on the film or video for a long time, ARMS AND A CHILD has remained true every time since its step since 1894 - for a very small part because it is very old and satire high on the nature of the hero and business The war. Whenever the world comes into quarrel, ARMS and MAN seem to grow at all times more and more important. This is the play which Oscar Strauss was converted (leaving most of the best ideas on Shaw) on the successful operetta, CHOCOLATE SOLDIER (when Hollywood reached * *, * dropped the last poem of Shaw instead of paying him justice - was, then, the Oscar winner for his right). While the best of Shaw has always been his thoughts and discussions instead of his open squares, in the ARMS and MAN, the field starts with the master can end up happy with everyone involved. Raina Young (Helena Bonham Carter), the daughter of an officer and the richest man in her town, has been sent by a horseman at the Bulgarian horse and all looks well until the Swiss army of Pip Torrens. ) from the other side climb its drainpipe to run from the battle where his army has been sent. As always in the satire of Shaw, nothing is seen first and social meetings are standing on the head because of the simplest - and not the simplest reason. No "good people" or "bad guys," only people of different grades who are better than wits - just as better life - and usually for Shaw, wit are well respected from all involved. <br>> <br /> Early (1932) image of motion picture (from Shaw's own screen) of this traditional and traditional funny satires point of Shaw, and the first one to make a real hit on this side of the Atlantic , has long been among missing. Shaw did not sell screens on his games - just gave them licenses for 5 years, and it seemed that with the fast-moving voice of 1932 films it seems to be a few years later, Shaw did not allow a license to show. So, we are in the BBC debt for finally leaving the 1987 edition of the DVD in the DVD box and nine other interesting games. (Some sad, PYGMALION, which many see as Shaw's of the best, comes out better in this set by Lynn Redgrave and James Villiers.) less awesome, MAN OF DESTINY, ARMS AND MAN makes a real treasure. Helena Bonham Carter went on, after cutting his teeth on such television roles, for the great film work that will bring many viewers to this first role. It should not be ambitious, as Mrs Carter performs the performance according to innocent viewers who came to expect from her, but under the guidance of James Cellan Jones (and despite the good and well-known BBC producer) bad role play (and anger its on cuts in the last act is banking only 80 percent of its potential. It can also say about the actual star piece, Pip Torrens, like Bluntschli "Switzer." It is a good, interesting, but it is not going to a physical comedy at an early location where a young soldier can hardly sit awake despite his death risk. <br /> <br /> These are stored of course, this is a stable production of an amazing game transferred to small screens and aplomb. It should be seen in great quantity and, in fact, quickly a great screens to adjust to the style and effectiveness of the latest of the Wilde's story. In fact * any system * AND MAN should be respected, and luckily maybe we'll even finally get the original version of 1932. 'Until one or other faces, this product please please anyone who likes Shaw.
