Doyle did not want to raise Holmes from his death along with Professor Moriarty in the year. However, a financial study made him ready (in 1901) to write the HOUND OF BASKERVILLES, which still seems to be his best novel Holmes and perhaps his best novel. But it was a "memoir" of the chief detective, written before his death. The only cry from his public has caused Doyle to revive Holmes fully in the right to the right of news, published in 1905. It is not that the new story (and the last novel) is very bad. Perhaps three stories are awesome, but even those horrible ones are very readable. Several future (like SECRETARY OF SOLITARY CYCLIST) is very good. But the difference in productivity (in particular after the story in HIS HUMAN RIGHTS (1917) is becoming increasingly evident. He repeats the old lines of the story, and shows the bad things of Holmes. In the story IN VITU VIDEO Holmes shows a sneering shock for a character who is of African origin. TOWARDS TO GIVING: TOGETHER TO USE CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON works with Holmes trying to restore a letter from Milverton, a very successful black. It is an interesting example of how Doyle can make a story that can be very readable and under a plot because there is little detective in the story. Holmes has been hired to try to negotiate with Milverton about purchasing letters, but to take them no matter what! Milverton proves not only to be willing to consider a small amount of paper but already to protect himself from Holmes trying to find his man. Later we learn Holmes has gone into Milverton's house by hitting the maid when she hides. Finally Holmes goes along with Watson to enter the home of Milverton. She and Watson are at home when they see that Milverton is waiting for a new business plan in her study (a person with information that Milverton can use). Hiding carefully, Holmes and Watson look like a woman coming in, who turns into a victim of collateral damage from former Milverton operations, and who draws the blackmailer death. Holmes and Watson can set fire to Milverton's collection of documentation before stopping the house, and finally discover (for themselves) the identity of the woman. Police (under Lestrade) do not recognize who two wonderful men who are fleeing from home to Milverton are, and they are very desirous of Milverton's activities (they could not bring anything home against him) that it is definitely a massacre will never be resolved. The story is not one of the most interesting features that have an active detective function like KING OF BAND WORK or BLAZE SILVER. Is the story of the sensation and the point of the late - something that Holmes and Watson will receive a paper or be taken by Milverton? It's not one of the good news, but it's a lot of stories like telling them well and interesting. When he wrote CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON, Conan Doyle had experience with the police in connection with his activities sometimes as an amateur detective / honors. The artist appeared to be killed in his studio in London, and Conan Doyle began to write down his comments about how the killing took place. Then he stood - apparently warned and his friends in Scotland Yard that the murder had not begun to look. The victim was the husband of the sex, and the police were sure that he was the victim of a lost partner. For the family of the defendant (this was 1905) Doyle left his interest in the case. So he knew that sometimes the British police had a tendency to avoid issues that did not seem to cause their full investigation - as a Lestrade barrier to anyone who killed Milverton's village in the story. <br /> <br /> From the story description it may have been told in the regular long-term series. But the teleplay for MASTER BLACKMAILER spent long hours showing the worst distress of Milverton's victims (in Victorian / Edwardian England) faced. We see a military officer who was promised to commit suicide while stressed with homosexualism because of the alleged surprise of Milverton, both at the beginning of the teleplay. And not just homosexuals. Men and women with a good reputation in sexual marriage can be reduced by revealing illegitimate children or old relationships. Indeed, in this story, a woman who kills Milverton is retaliating for the destruction of her husband (honorable) who was destroyed by a striker. Milverton plays very well with the best actor Robert Hardy, who even when he encountered an unexpected furies unlocked unresolved (looks like he would have an angry woman out of his house for a short while). Brett and Hardwicke performs very well in their responsibilities of Holmes and Watson, as expected. How to lose behavior for speculation or guilt in 1905 was so bad? In 1898 one of the heroes of the various royal battles, and the final leader of the winning victory in the battle of Omdurman that destroyed the Mahdist army (see YOUR TIME) was Sir Hector MacDonald. He was the governor of Ceylon in 1903 when suddenly, he resigned unexpectedly. Mr. Hector returned to London, and he joined the hotel while waiting for some kind of hearing. Later it came to the "Combat Mac", which is often considered to be the most famous army commander in the UK, had found to have plans to sleep with natural boys. Milverton would have eaten very quickly ... or its real life partners will have.
