Much of the same way Frank Miller and his Sin City actors used black and white expression (with his film film film), and so Christian Volckman and Renaissance. It is 2054, in Paris. In the culture of false science, in the future it is a bright, colorful color. This is a jewel in the context of pain, balance and darkness; The bright and beautiful top and dark underbelly down. One of these "fierce" people above, a research scientist from the world's largest and most influential (Avalon), has been robbed. Captain Karas (also known as James Bond himself - Daniel Craig), is given the task of finding him. <br /> <br /> Plan and layout is not above. It is strongly affected by film films, Neuromancer of Gibson and other spying stories, as well as movies like Blade Runner, Sin City, Fritz Lang's Metropolis and a small report. There is a great plot, surrounded by other possible squares that all connect at the end. It's not hard to do it all. <br /> <br /> The strength and verification of the movie is in its presentation of bright displays. Paris is a different level of levels and small levels. At its core is the most modern infrastructure. As the city comes out, so is its controversial architecture and luminescence. However, in this structure, the above is not appropriate for the moral and human behavior. Paris has been an intricately animated and put in a brilliant black and white. The movie is almost in the spirit with Sin City (comics) then Sin City movie had the source equipment. This has been done more easily, because it remains in the middle; animation. Much in the same way with the Darkly scanner pushing the visual aspects of story telling, so this. Light and dark, black and white creates a different atmosphere, with the complexity of sight. Right and wrong, black and white can lose all meaning at the same time right before us. The movie proves how black and white can be both clear and apparent at the same time. <br /> <br /> Based on the spirit of the movie, I can be both critic and fan. I can love and lose one light. It is obvious the experience I recommend for lovers of visual art. So pour another Black and Tan, enter empty and enjoy the journey.
