'Renaissance (2006)' was created for a six-year period, sponsored by France, Luxembourg and the UK at a cost of about 14 million. The final result is a great achievement of comic style animation, similar to what Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller were found with. 'Sin City (2005),' but this film has used the capture process and live practitioners to translate their faces and their dynamic animation structure. Released in the black-and-white color, the film looks like standing from the very pages of the novel picture that was the foundation, and the future city of Paris disappears on us. Guided by a French filmmaker Christian Volckman, during his long period of time, 'Renaissance' is very popular from other films in science-fiction, and the tech-black story is not something we have never seen before, but, from a technical perspective, it's done. The year is 2054. The city of Paris is the city of the city that emerges full of dark things and distant routes, the latest installation of modern technology only to provide a thin mask for mercy to the destruction of dark buildings. The largest company of the city, Avalon, has reached wealth by offering citizens the promise of beauty and youth, and the company's research department continues to strive to create a great way to eliminate the aging process. Ilona Tasuiev (shown by Romola Garai in an English version, which I looked at), a very good scientist, has been kidnapped on his return from work, and thus falls to the story of Barthélémy Karas (Daniel Craig) to reveal where. The Belalist with the key to losing a woman is Bislane (Catherine McCormack), an elderly sister of Ilona, ​​whose loyalty is a question, and Jonas Muller (Ian Holm), a dedicated doctor who thanked Ilona as her own daughter. The city of Paris, lighter, reminds Ridley Scott 'Blade Runner (1982),' and other technologies seem like it would have been taken from Tom Cruise in 'Minority Report (2002)' {which was, for The balance, also installed in 2054}. However, despite this skill, Volckman has created an exciting world for its characters to stay. Combining the color of the film-black with modern science, the result is connecting the eye to the strict lighting and dark shades, which must be warned, constantly becomes difficult for the eyes of the viewer. The discussion is a bit banal sometimes, and the story, though participating, does not provide anything surprising [except to the end, which I thought was moving boldly on a common formula], but 'Renaissance' aims to work better as a treat to see, and that succeeds in this issue cannot be denied.
