In 2054 Paris, Avalon, a computer-generating system, controlling the city and when a young woman has been kidnapped, detective Karas (Craig) must fight Avalon to find her. The Renaissance is a great mix of films that make up a mixture of the concept of the concept that reflects the screens in the amazing home of black theory and concept plans that should be most enjoyable. Pixar is the masters of animation. Many of their Oscar photos were not available with a Toy Toy Story that is interesting for Wall-E's secret and therefore any company or director has a real challenge to hit them. Renaissance is not a film that focuses on young audiences though, and as the Persepolis of 2007, it brings a strong and mature approach to animation to make an old and challenging film for its huge target audience. In 2005 Robert Rodriguez gave a wonderful voice of the city of Sin City, which incorporated all the use of green screens and a magnificent picture of black and white color and unusual colors and year One later, the Christian Volckman took the same way to this picture of the same film show. <br /> <br /> Photo of Volckman however it's perfect on animation but it does not half look really true for most of them are 1 hour and 40 minutes of running time. Characteristics are shown in particular, this film should be very good for shade use. The fact that we do not know whether night or day is not only when we look at the face of the rocks as shades that combine their words. It is almost a clever use of pathetic fraud, and it is also well-directed. For anyone who has seen Persepolis you will have come to the conclusion of one of the best-known drawings made for the simple but modern artistic style and Marjane Satrapi Renaissance are similar to the same terms and images and in many cases of opponents with powerful graphics and black voice reflecting the situation. One part especially when Karas looks out of the darkness is well shot. The story is about a government that has a stubborn and political government that puts every citizen. The operation of Paris is under a fantastic Avalon that we do not see almost enough to find the essence of his true rule. Renaissance is controlling information on the exhausting attempt of the police to release a wonderful woman, and then we see Craig's exhausting and exhausting efforts while fighting other things. There are many bad things and scripting, not to mention the run run cop routine is now old, but there are a lot of adrenaline dashing and springy banter between characters so that they continue to live right until amazing shooting amazing last step.
