Every second of the film is good. And that's why it gets 7, because the plot is not a fraud, and thinking back 90 minutes ago I've never felt excited or invested in the characters. If anything, prestigious photos and make-up have done certain events (the drive drives more for pedestrians than they should be - not that they don't seem to be good and have an original and regular camera angles - but there is no kinetic movement and shots close-close which is part of any common / exciting action. The first hour of the plods together, and the discussion feels the most editorial and small steps - people are waiting for each other to finish and not always respond in a natural setting, which it will be a problem of recording the discussion of everyone alone.The occasional voice sounds are not very similar to those on the screen, something that should be avoided. Futuristic architecture is very attractive (lots of walls / ceiling / screens, smells / effects) special) and good cars, but again - it is more practice design, without real effect on the story. The executives / CGI is to push the boundaries of thought and design; do something that is very difficult / impossible for other writers. Although the Renaissance animation is so amazing and very successful, I have never felt like I had seen something that hadn't happened before. <br /> <br /> Immortel, another French film of CGI, also comes with a variation of beauty on story & speed. In order to be fair, some of the most amazing French films are also emerging, and voting in someone's eyes or a rain on the cobbles of Paris can inspire a great feeling - but leaders need to understand that when animation brings unique power, it also has weaknesses compared to techniques real life. Perhaps it would break from 'noir' rules that films want to be connected to, but I think the film monitors have also missed a great opportunity to explore their future little community - more social, fixed corporate affiliations etc. I am not a problem suggesting Renaissance to anyone who enjoys a stylistic design and / or animation ('Manga' fans mainly), but I don't make my other friends love film to stay that way. Remove interesting photos and is an average non-standard film.
