I am glad to be able to say things better just about movie and Karas and sister Tasuiev, RENAISSANCE. And first, that looks like it should look; The adventure of boys, RENAISSANCE is a story of police investigations to look for a small lost scientist? Ilona Tasuiev, a naturalist and researcher of Avalon company. <br /> <br /> The story of Karas, Ilona and Bislane is, though unknown than SIN CITY, the best movie, and one more recognized by connoisseurs. For French filming aficionados it will be more meaningful (I have strengthened my French group collection last week, though I am not up to date). The atmosphere, music, characters, their lines, the plot are good and interesting. Paris's top fighters, Karas, are shown to find a young woman who was a rising star of medical research, Ilona Tasuiev? Blonde gently, the rebel sister Bislane was very good, I think. <br /> <br /> For me, the quest of star series and TV series, RENAISSANCE, a wonderful cartoon, was like a replay of WILD WILD WEST? here, the old mythological shifted to the future mythological future ?? The more jaded with blasé but, in a sense, as exciting. RENAISSANCE is not insisting; neither does it look very good? but it is deceptive and hypnotic. Additionally, it reaches short, world, real world? And we will think of Avalon, Nakata, Jonas Mueller, Sister Tasuiev, and Goran, Farfella, and Karas describing his childhood away in Kasbah? . I liked to feel for RENAISSANCE, of some gentleness and dexterity and skill, and also a professional, check point; among these new cartoons, the comparison of this Dick with one of the Linklater (- just the first to deal with Dick ever -) stood up to me as a beauty work and real excitement. I thought the futuristic equipment was right and, uncommon, clear (like invisible clothing). If it is recommended, the characters have foreign names, such as Bislane and Farfella, especially gathered from the world of art and entertainment (Goran and Ilona and Naghib?). Rourke? that man is Marv; which does not make it SIN CITY rip - off, but not a natural paragon either, and actually there are more identical to the story Miller ?? that is, look futuristic look of the damaged society, the brio of the hero (actually cross the character of Willis and Rourke's persona in the original movie?)? on the other hand, this cartoon breathes more air public, shades of direct adventurousness, and by word, is like SIN CITY for children? well, babies I mean, because there is little dirt shown. For what I have said, one can say that the attributes mentioned are attributes, such as clichés and common places to look beyond the former scholars. indeed, and was oldie Miller that brought these things on the screen and RENAISSANCE bears some resemblances here and there. Now it is also right that every RING should have ERAGORN, so every city sin, its birth. I agree to be very meaningful to these horrible stories, and rather interesting.
