Make the traditional traditional story lines incorporated by black and white and white Sin City of Frank Miller. Then a picture of the dystopian, fiction of the fiction, like the Minority Report of Steven Spielberg or Richard Linklater's Darkly Scanner. The merging of the above will be a fitting way to describe the French director of the Christian and atmospheric circles to take later in his first film film. But though Volckman's work undoubtedly takes reference from the previously mentioned films and those who resemble them, the simplest versions make the Renaissance, the final result of Volckman, the right - the film itself is more complex than that. > <br /> The type of hybrididi is usually hit by lack of things, especially in modern mode, with personal preferences that seem to increase. Therefore, the Renaissance is a laudable as an experimental film for a very low degree, with its unique invention of false neo-black fiction and a spying detection and an amazing dystopian sci-fi shock, which is used to congratulate the story of each of the collections in a very good style. Screenplay is clever and amazingly (though the person gets the sense that many lines in the script would be more effective in their original French than English translation - the title of the film also becomes more substantial) managing staying one step ahead of its audience in all ways. Although many elements of the conspiracy appear to be common to those who often have concerns of false science, the script gives us an unexpected expectation and returns to the best time to keep the viewer on their fingers, and to make a real compulsory task. <Br /> <br /> The Volckman film is increasingly in its visible part, and the animation of black and white color is easy to show the film - superly moody and stylish, goes to show what the great atestic impact effect easy use of two shades can be. In detail it is paid for the composition and look for each shot, and good use of very small shades and amazing corners to accelerate the emotional tension of the area, the film appears directly outside Frank Miller's player, but by moving, The end result will be constantly visually. The English film is also given a credence added to its very best sounding array. The great voice of Daniel Craig is a perfect piece of cast for the bad police, stoic Karas, and Catherine McCormack is a great presence as a wonderful woman whose loss of sister wipes. In spite of the English stabilization, Romola Garai is doing a good job as an active sister, and Jonathan Pryce deserves a shock as the head of the shadow of Avalon. The reedy voice of Ian Holm is also a strong option as a wonderful scientist, and Holm makes a strong impression in its short scenes. All together, the Renaissance has a wonderful, unique and amazing future, as well as mind as it is entertainment. Although the plot may appear to be common to those who have regular fares and frequent a weak line may prevent the film being a hub hub set, having a superb animation itself easily carries the film through its regular qualms. For fans of all types of rated music or a series of films of Frank Miller, or those who want to know that they have the ability to enjoy, less than normal usually take a futuristic surprise, the film has no question of worth checking. <br /> <br /> - 8/10
