Because one Pixar will tolerate well, and has been successful, is that when their films remain technical wonders and visual mosaics, they have a story to match their style. And often the style of highly motivating: affect, charming and crossing. That many characters (speaking in brief) and many other drawings did not compare their technical skills to the real substance, I think (and I may be missing) because because the perpetrators are not bothered with behavior and plot and focus too far on sound and images, or The sheer effort that goes into making some drawings is very large, so enervating that they don't have the energy to create a really engaging story. That one cannot say about the Renaissance. There are mistakes in his plot, but I will find it later. Similarly wrong, however, is not reflected in the picture - Renaissance is now a short stunning. Ultra-high image differentiation (sometimes so high-contrast is nothing but a single face or a single beam of visible light) and a wonderful detail is always interesting, always happy to behold. Paris's future will be shown the worst of Blade Runner and New World Brave; dark, strong, powerful and clean, but based on preference, disruption of corporate, centered beauty (catwalk capital, after all) and hiding the player and ignoring its labyrinthine passages and veneer of modern, modern architecture. br /> <br /> It is a compelling environment, not quite natural, but quite the same. The volume-touted technology of the 'motion-capture' and a wonderful attention to human minutiae and design resulting in black-and-white photo photographer will die for. It is not that the information does not stop entertainment, because the Christian Volckman is doing good practice of works: walking to hell-skin skin, a couple of hurt (ly imaginative) of killing, several tussles in the dark and bad dust in the gloomy apartment. Places are great, too (I want to visit the nightclub). While the central character of Karas is your most common off-shelf maverick soldiers, and the other two female characters (who are sisters) are the real motors of the cinema. Coming from Eastern Europe destroyed by war, war products, the transfer of families and family, is a compelling example for Europe as a whole. The film is a very wonderful atmosphere, of their talking, of shouting - and the voices of adults make a very active experience. However, the plot ... has never been more interesting than the original hook, which Karas can be trusted should not get Ilona Tasuiev, a surgeon and pastor, after being beaten from the street. Avalon's sin organization (any organization ever sinned?), Who was working for 'isolation,' projects are hell for his receiving, and soon Karas has come to his neck for official orders, corpses, cigarettes and cuts shot, and loved the sister of Ilona Bislane (very compassionate given by Catherine McCormack), falling down to the depths of the sub-village (and former) <br /> <br /> Text - noir book, for other words, but when I enjoyed more movies than Sin (which gives a similar appearance to the way), conspiracy and resolution are good, the immortality is not raised but has not been followed, and the Avalon CEO's top businessman Paul Dellenbach is also fewer , reducing very good tension. The basic ideas are scientific instruments, and there is a sense of discovering that illustrations and the atmosphere conceal the mundane material. <br /> <br /> However, all the films are generally lucid and stable, even if some of the events of the perpetrators find it often feel like an excuse for the art of the technical wizard. But it is an estimated life in Paris circa 2054, a community vision and the creation of another city from the bottom to which makes this film something to see. I might take too seriously, and if that's the case I can at least say that it's superbly made, very entertaining (and good mature, too), and for the theme and its image.
