Dark Scanner, Small Report, Blade Runner, Sin City and Sky Captain and Earth's Future ?? if you are a fan of any of these then this will be well worth checking out. <br /> <br /> French animation project 'Renaissance' took seven years to do on the shoestring budget and tonight I finally see at the personal observation of the International Film Festival in Stockholm. My ears feel afraid; My most reflective is 'huh, neat' and the most confusing analysis of 'meh'. It is a good science of triumph over the face, but wiping it or even slighting it with its hard plot becomes apparent, as it did the flat characters. It is clear, however, that people in Onyx films have done something interesting and the face shown above. These displays are huge. They have used it to capture the operation of the operating operation placed on the animation of an important image, with a black-white color with white and white white background with a very well-covered history. For those who do not have to 'translate to technical', the film looks like a fully-fledged city. Its template of water, transparency, dark and stylized driven by a good bright electricity. It's a vision. However, large loans are attributed to the sound effects that find a variety of exciting weapons, musical concerns, heavy raindrops and breaking glass. It is every dream of a tech-nerd rain ... <br /> <br /> The movie goes into Paris, a blue, powerful, which is a major company called 'Avalon' has begun to spread in the lives of citizens monitoring (consider transparent water screens from the Small Report) and genetic engineering. Finally it leads to the amazing capture of the little researcher Ilona (shown by the good Romola Garai). Cut the cop-on-hard suspended cop-on-up with protagonist Karas (Daniel Craig) ?? a man who takes the law in his own hands? who is given a trial to find and find Ilona. In this case, she is supported by Illona's sister who also begins the matter of love. What the love of half-assed matter, if I could say so. <br /> <br /> The world of Renaissance is amazing. Christian Volckman's director takes the right jab to combine humanity and the result is the urban jungle filled with cads, mice, fatales women and only spies who hide in the shots of the seeds. The problem is that designers undoubtedly felt the need to have very clear and published archetypes in the story, or the film would also be "surreal" to ordinary viewers, because of its animation structure of lurid. It follows then that we have a lot of cliched characters as criminals who cut off the bad, the criminals of crime crimes and the strong chicks that smoke every chance they get. It's a black shoves in our faces, and it is not necessary. <br /> <br /> It is even worse is that the discussion is a little bit caused. It seems that every line exists for the sole reason to spread the plot. This is not a death because the plot is hard once it goes so that it requires some clear direction. Daniel Craig helps here also to bring an impressionable attitude to his hard-hit hard. At one time in the Renaissance, he appears in an open-expelled car that certainly is one of the adrenaline-pumping and top notch series of film. Unfortunately, the novels of sci-fi pictures are wearing after this drive is expelled by 'Renassaince' can benefit from being short. In summary, the experience of a comic future of fascinating but lost. About 7 out of 10
