The story says that on December 28, 1895, a small group of thirty-three people gathered in Paris's Indien Du Grand Café Salon to witness Cinématographe, a new innovation from a work done by several photographers August and Louis Lumière. The small audience met again on that day (some by invitation, because of curiosity) did not know what to expect from the show, and when a planned image appeared on the screen, many thought that Cinématographe was just a concept to decide on a slide-show projection. Until the image started moving. What did these thirty-three people fear because the winter of December was the first public inquiry of the motion picture shown on the screen; history was written by movies as we know of birth on that day. Of the 10 short movies that were displayed during that historic day, "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" (in fact "Leaving the Lumière Factory") was the first to be displayed. The film shows many workers at Lumière factory as they walk through the factory doors, leaving the building at the end of the hard working day. When the movie "real film" (movie showing real-life), the film took everyone to the audience in amazement, as their concept of migrating images were missed by the "Peep Show" of Edison (Kinetoscope) machines, the brother's discovery was like something they had before and so the audience stood up, as people and horses moved to the screen. The concept was not quite new (Le Prince made the first film early 1888), but the way to show the film was just a revolutionary. "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" would be the first in a long series of "real film" that Lumière will produce over the years. This kind of document documentation was a very popular kind of film because they were more interested in the technology of their innovation than in the use of Cinématographe. With the lack of first enthusiasm, after the first Cinématographe show was a great success with "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" quickly became a picture of the first sign of the investigation. It is obviously not the first film that the brothers shot in that year, and probably not the best of 10 movies shown on that day (personally think "L 'Arroseur Arrosé" was better than 10); however, it is very important that the first movie was the opening of two doors, as real, this film opened the doors of the movie as we know it. 8/10
