I came back from the last night movie and was actually a quiet way as many listeners thought though the real black and white color of the divisions, the movement of freedom, etc. which was a reminder of life 'our grandfathers faced! Between this past, committed, did not have a phone / fax / internet at the time but in a realistic & non-abusive voice, the cinema shows a certain spirit of the real reality of the problem between Raj strong. <br /> Gandhi was shown as the Attorney General in South Africa, who stood up to its core values ​​and gave each degree of judgment to spread the same knowledge with humility and images with the speech of the Smut speech in general was shown as a beautiful screens on the screen It had a good speech prepared by the trick of the trick and the threats hidden in the UK. There was a good view when he said we are praying silently to the British in India now that Gandhi, a politician is placed in India (towards the statue). which had to blow spell on the unfortunate psyche who was left alone with a longing for unrealistic expectations. For a little Harilal knew about her skills and gets emotionally happy and happy in life and fails in front of her big statue of her father. He is trying to overcome the advisor ship that is the basis of any success that had to be seen by those neighborhoods in Gandhi-based streets when Harilal stimulates his frustration in the open. into religion and intoxication, and debt and disobedience that leads to his evil thought. He had not yet shown true love for his mother through the touch of events and even the words of Gandhi's humility make Harilal forgive her from any conclusion in her mind as she feared the Father, Gandhi. he could not discover the fact that Gandhi could not cooperate with his love as he expected and was sent to disobedience when he could not understand the giving of the same attributes of the financial giving of his father to his cousin when he saw the opportunity of failure to learn to the barrister in england. This was supposed to take the money in it thrown into the street as a beggar at all of India while celebrating Freedom! there is no change that can be but how the sad death of Kasturba and Gandhi himself is shown to bring quietly. Finally the last thought of Harilal's fear of death is shown as a flashback to keep the audience getting and asking where the father of the nation goes wrong? he was clever enough to have an intelligent mind to lead a single army and to use his military army as a weapon to show to the British forces and opponents that when it comes to national interests, nothing goes into the middle.Sadly though that read the heart of Mahatma man he should live outside his family and see what harilal emotionally naive did not see live inside .... It is a pity that harilal as well as naive are still destroying the efforts of many Mahatma fathers in many families today and they have gone to drugs, alcoholism and God knows the thoughts !! Here is a message for all the brave sainik (soldiers) -sons please respect the father of the nation! and happiness will be given or maybe it's a tragedy in waiting, isn't it?
