It was easy for Sir Richard Attenborough to do Gandhi (1982) ?? he was simply explaining the story of a good man who walked on this planet not long ago. By comparison, it must be very difficult for director Feroz Abbas Khan to start his own making a film maker to make Gandhi my father, giving a fight to fight a hero against an international hero, both of which were real historical persons, and in a state of wonderful father and child. Events in the film are real. Mahatma Gandhi lived as shown in the film, setting high standards of ethics for the world to follow. However these standards had covered the expectations of his eldest son Harilal as a lawyer of his reputation as his father, completing his education and working in India and thus providing income for his nuclear family. <br /> <br /> The film does not debunk Gandhi and its values. For Gandhi, his message was greater than his family's expectations. He loved his family and cared for them, although his ideas for their appeal were beaten with his ability to care for civilians. He stood in proportion and respect among all the people and in his view to give a distinct advantage to his own son looking at other worthy people to go against what he preached. The movie looks at the most unusual reproductive cases? Where the best parent puts the smaller things of less children than the brilliant. The movie offers an unusual situation that happened. The woman marries her childhood, confuses her father. The father breaks his child's expectations on several important issues. The weak link between a volunteer child and the rest of the father, if the child wants to stand on his feet and take care of his nuclear family. When the father begins to become the father of the nation, the child stumbles in the courage of identity and life. His marriages love and seek comfort in religion, fighting between Islam and Hinduism. Through all his suffering his relationship with his mother remains, until he tries to drink him. Feroz Khan is basically a director of sports that works in movies. He wrote and led Mahatma against Gandhi which had a great impact on the Indian exhibition community. Playing with the results of the results were the basis of two biographies, one for Chandulal Dalal and the other with Nilamben Parekh, the success of the play set was a clear reason for an actress Anil Kapoor to produce this known film. Every time a good director of games tries to lead movies there is evidence of lack of confidence and medium. Peter Brook is a good director of sports, but he is not able as a film director. Shots opening of Khan film promises great movies ?? Harilal Gandhi has been brought to Sion Hospital, Bombay (Mumbai) in a very clear way that his father is Bapu (the famous name of Mahatma Gandhi), the father of the whole nation. Hospital authorities do not know that he was the first son of Mahatma Gandhi, dying in poverty and solitude. In addition to the great opening, the unfortunate film only gives good news and some outdoor shots out of father and child reflecting in silhouette. For the Indian film shows some of the high-quality characteristics that are associated with the lack of interest in the details (many Indian clothes in the film seem to have not been downloaded with dust and refined, modern hairstyles actors, and even Shefali Shetty play Mohandas Gandhi's wife a century ago with fingers broken, the bane of Indian movies. Since Feroz Khan is the personality of the theater, has invested more effort in working with administrators in developing characters rather than the film's details, such as Sir Attenborough someone else who is also a reminder product (Royal Academy of Art Arts). Know well that prosecuting Gandhi in any way was to ask trouble, even when there was no direct resistance to the film, producer Anil Kapoor took a strange decision to disappear filming while high availability in India , fearing that someone might break the poster or deliberately ignore or unintentionally. <br /> <br /> With all of its magnificence and errors, Gandhi, my father gives several questions to the viewer. Is the mother of the child joining more powerful than the son-in-law joining in birth? Is the immediate family more important than humanity in general? Does a person seek to run away from religion and alcohol while the world's problems have met? In this film, Harilal is full of trouble from one religion to another, while his father mentions the scriptures "Forgive them because they do not know what they are doing" when they were beaten and thrown down by South African police, who believe that religious value and convincing others. The film won the best of the best actors in the Tokyo film film Shefali Shetty (Shah) and India awards from critics. Feroze Khan and Anil Kapoor have handled a very sensitive issue and asked for an average show from all participants. I hope the international success of the film offers an opportunity for the best director of the film to play the best Indian movie of Tughlaq of Girish Karnad for several days to meet international quality standards.
