Father Gandhi of Feroz Abbas Khan My father, a film describing the relationship between Mahatma and his son Harilal Gandhi. For a story that is incredible like this film is trying to tell him, it is a sympathetic director can not tell them faster. Gandhi My father has been described as a boring history story which enables him to sleep at school. Now the film aims to convey one very interesting point - the fact that Gandhi in his attempt to become a righteous person, has become a bad father. This action is done in the film often over, and one of the examples offered to do this is that British education, which Gandhi twice denies his son. Instead of showing us how Harilal dealt with this betrayal and what went on in his head, the director keeps only with the story, so he never leaves us to be the evidence of growing Harilal's feelings for his father. That is why when we see a break in Harilal, it comes to look like she is more concerned. The word that I am trying to do here is that we can't understand exactly why Harilal became a rebel who did. We cannot understand why he turned to Islam, then come back to Hinduism. The thing is that we can't understand the Harilal completely. And because the director of this film is very busy expecting Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his role in the struggle of freedom, many of our stories already know. To put it easily, Gandhi my father promises to explore the relationship between the father and the man, but it has not shown much where the lack of this relationship has started first. We understand Harilal had to live with the burden of Gandhi's son, but show us why it was a burden to start. Show us the events of their previous conflict. For example, it is not enough that Gandhi says only against Harsha's early marriage, tell us why this opposition? It is not enough that Kasturba accuses her husband of her son when it happened - by stopping her every time in Gujarat and South Africa schools, by making her move every time Gandhi needs to move. Words are insufficient, show us how these events created the character of Harilal Gandhi. This has never meant to be a film on the struggle of Independence, and yet in many cases it is similar to what it looks like, because the director feels almost obliged to take us through all the major events leading upto the historic moment, although much of it doesn't matter to the film's basis - the foundation of the father-son father. So you see the problem with this film is not a bad film, but it is really a very confused film. What happens to Harilal's children after the death of his wife? What? Has he ever had a relationship with them? What? Where do they go after one area we see with Mahatma and Kasturba? None of these questions have been answered in the film which basically means about relationships in the Gandhi family. The most popular films of Feroz Abbas Khan's own, Gandhi My father is desperate, no questions were asked. Normally every scene on the film opens and locks and deletes, never comes to interact. On the positive side, there is a natural skill in the film, which you know. The Creator makes every effort to give a balanced description, trying hard not to take sides, never immediately judging either a father or a child, to paint or as a human being. What the film does, however, makes it clear that Gandhi was a great sister whose values ​​could be the nation's shape, but it definitely laid off her family. For all actors in the film is only Akshaye Khanna who shines the truth in the role of Harilal Gandhi who loses the fortune. It is a good performance, and it is not easy since the role involves almost every character of the character. But Akshaye brings an unusual concoction of innocence and despair to that part and succeeds in making Harilal a sad example. Look at the situation where he knows his wife is dead, and you will understand how much he uses through his own language. Darshan Jariwala, at the same time, who plays Gandhi Senior, takes on the caricaturish play of Mahatma in his later years, but is the way he does man in his first years as a South African striker who is the best contribution to the actor in this role. . Shefali Shah is very gifted Kasturba, a woman who means to burst into a collision of this father, but if he cannot bring that feeling of help then it is not his fault too much as it is a rickety script. Many attempts have come into the making of this film and it looks everywhere, but the film is faced with that inevitable flaw which you will finally remember about it when it comes from the movie - it's just exciting. Gandhi Director My Father Feroz Abbas Khan is a real effort to yes, but also a film that could be made with more big screens. What we learn from the film is that Gandhi and Harilal are very close. And for this film, the director makes us too.
