****** AVERTISHA: IN APPLICATION ************** <br /> So who are these "Hidden men?" Simply put, Men Siri are a group of heroes who strive to live the lives of their young children while hitting their real identity and their great identity. Bill Macy builds a building during the day, and at night, he leaves his wife and children at home while crossing the road looking for crime to deal with his extraordinary and unique style of fighting. Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) sells money to new young people by day and filling the table with crackpot animals at night, if his mother has not taken care of her quickly. Mr. Angry is working in a jard junk to pay his pay, then he takes his stress on his friends at night, playing single friends for friends and enemies alike and threatening to get angry at all (stop everyone asking himself, Why?) . Ben Stiller rests this life in this character, you can't help him but love him. These three spend the night trying to catch 'the glory' who have dreamed about ... being the real Super Heroes. Obviously, it can happen. City of the City consists of Captain Amazing, after all ... jump, fight with top fighters and corporate colleges enough on his jacket to stop an extra shot or two. Greg Kinnear returns to the stellar performance as a middle-aged salesman trying to make his fans again in the evening of his work. <br /> <br /> To return to 'extra magic' that you can win again, the C.A. He dismisses Casanova Frankenstein, the risk of WAAAAAY on top played for the perfect Goeffrey rush. This sunny Genius has created a 'psychofrakulator' for warp Champion City in the reflection of its own insanities ... and ending CA. within hours of release from prison. This just stops Men's Secrets leaving the bad deal of Frankenstein, but with those like the Disco Children to protect Frankenstein, trio will need a little help. The recruitment begins, and after a painful recruitment team, the team lives with The Bowler (Janeane Garofolo), who has a talented first team in the team, and his mystical guns is a ghost the revenge of his dead father; An invisible boy (Kel Mitchell), who claims to turn invisible while ABSOLUTE no one looks at him; The Wengu (Paul Reubens), was given a great breach of power and gypsy of anger; and Sphinx (Wes Studi) who is widely used, who is shown to be able to cut guns by half and his ideas, then use a large amount of movie that can walk and serve on wisdom. This video is really anti-type. Anyone who wants a film of pigeon in the most beautiful groups is to fight the war. This is a spoof / parody of superhero type - from pseudo-Burton sets to recycled sets for a long time (and often decorated with more spoof material) ridiculous clothing, comic-book genre gets to send very good. But at the same time, it's a great superhero flick, too. All at once. Although it is not the only idea (for example, this film is in some ways to reflect the DC's work of a short-term comic), it is a creative screen. It offers a comic world that requires suspension to accept yet, then it gives us in the inevitable want-bes - and we all know, as superheroes were real, so these people will be real. If the Great Guy and S were around New York City, you would like to see a half-dozen report on idiots in underwear to get their kicked buttons often. Indeed, war fighters fight well, and Blue Raja claps with great accuracy - all parts of the world of the hero. But does that make them real heroes? Only in their minds. <br /> <br /> This movie is also a comedy, although it's dark. It is inevitable, when trying to prove the deception of the powerful heroes. Two pieces of flying as an elite comic on the point gives us many bits to play. Particularly wonderful is talk to Janeane Garofalo and his bowling / father. However, not comedy for laughter-splitting laughter or ever memorable jokes. It combines the level of the game, the discovery and the love, but it never knows fully in anything. What makes people of Siri a good film, at the end, is that they are very involved. The weak / disabled people are ultimately, and at the same time to shine, they are really strong heroes; justice serves; and the movie ends with the area where the reeks of reality (like a great authenticity as possible in the world where bowling balls fly with glasses to make full hide). If the viewer stops trying to mention the film, then the film can be very bad. <br /> <br /> Of course, no movie is perfect. Claire Forlani comes as bored with the trend as Mr. Furious' love interests, despite having an important role as his conscience. Tom Wait looked somehow confused with his own lines as the founder Dr Heller, although his opening events picking up pensioners in the nursing home are worth watching alone. And villians are never more than a gun-producing lackeys (the action that is made in the film). Movie shows appear and are included (such as occurring in the comic book of the comic, so they are forgiving), sometimes music gives them power, and special effects are not completely connected to the rest. However, in general, this film is amazing. Maybe you should be a fan of comics and a variety of superhero to appreciate this movie, but it's fun fun and a good way to kill several hours and let your brain stop. <br /> <br /> 8/10 in my opinion.
