Although I have been a fan of Peter Weir for a long time, I did not watch any Australian film until I look at the Last End. And it was a good surprise, unpredictable. Richard Chamberlain plays David, a lawyer who invited to defend five aborigines killed by killing another Aborigine. For David's colleagues it is a clear case of alcoholism and they think they should plead guilty and serve fast judgment. But David believes there is a secret under the murder, associated with tribal traditions. As his investigation continues he only learns about his clients but also about him too. The most revealing would have destroyed one of the most amazing movies I have seen. I can only say that this film goes into the instructions that no one will expect. There are many things that make this film interesting: Acting Chamberlain, for example; but also the exhibition of David Gulpilil, who plays the little Aborigine who establishes David in ethnic secrets; and Nandjiwarra Amagula, who plays the Aborigine of the past who is a spiritual guide. The relationship between these three characters makes the heart of the film. But there is also a way of Weir showing the most common in the film. David has a dream that warns him about the future. Australia is experiencing bad weather, with storms, falling rain and even a strange black rain that may be no more pollution. But it is also related to the case David defends. How it relates to one of the most beautiful revelations of the movie. Because of the few events, Weir can create a state of fear and repression, and give the influence of future fears without showing anything. The Authors of Charles's authors are wonderful, especially the use of didgeridoo. Photography is also very good. Russell Boyd, a long-term Weir who won Oscar in 2004 to Master and Commander, shows the world of darkness, interesting which is full of secrets. I also think it is strange that for the movie-based movies, it does not turn into charges against white culture or in the sappy ceremony of their traditions, like Drums and Wolves or The Last Samurai. This film is very clever to be very simple. Sometimes it can be exciting, and it can convince viewers who expect to finish the movie with everything that makes sense; but for those who do not know carefully or worried, The End Wave is a good movie to watch.
