Director Kinka Usher continues to believe his own truth, "Give me the same as they will laugh," and with the help of good healing, the work of # 1 of all time, 'People's secret'. When the evil villain, Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) is released from the intellectual institution, takes the superhero inside, Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear), threatening to take Champion City, three want-to be superheroes, Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller), Shoveler (William H. Macy and Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) come to rescue. Frankenstein has joined the good soil infiltration, however, and has become a terrible opponent. Three are aware that help is needed, and decide to employ; what they finish and not under the 'superheroes' team that has ever been in the history of the movie. Mr. angry has his anger; Shoveler, his shovel; Blue Raja comes the money (especially the perimeter, with a spoon of regular, but never a knife); An invisible boy (Kel Mitchell) can turn invisible for as long as no one looks; Sphinx (Wes Studi), a heavy hitter from the south, is very strange and can break a gun in half with his mind. Maybe; Bowler (Janeane Garofalo) can hit the ball with the precision of death; and Wengu (Paul Reubens) uses a breach that can turn off the entire room. This is a piece of priority that gives laughter without being able to downgrade or defend the audience, while playing the same at all times. The discussion is amazing, and the exhibitions made by Stiller, Macy, Azaria and Garofalo are typical. There are a number of unforgettable records, especially one that gives us a party and a barbecue recruitment, and conducts interviews with interesting interviews of applicants; and another, in the bar, when Bowler has a conversation with his old dead father, whose skull has been put in his bowling ball. Funniest of all, however, must be when the team really tries to rescue Captain Amazing. But these are the only examples, for the whole movie includes one fun place after another, laced with the trick of the trick that will make you laugh and think about it for a long time. The real secret of his success, though, is that Usher remains perfectly real; The relationship between the characters is true, and the whole concept of 'Superhero' is played to be quite sensible, which somehow gives a sense of trust in the whole case. In this world, Mr. Furious prospects and others can be implemented, and Usher keeps laughing to come without asking for a string or just appearing. Eddie Izzard (Tony P.), Tom Waits (Doc Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Louise Lasser (Mother of Blue Raja), Jenifer Lewis (Lucille) and Pras (Tony C.). 'Men's Secret' is a directed movie that can be seen from time to time, and a new bottle to have every look, guaranteed. In the eternal words of Sphinx, 'We are one number! All others are two numbers, or less. 'Is the movie Oscar worthy? Not possible; but for a good time and a lot of laugh, treat yourself to this comedy work; it's a real deal, and you can't grieve it. I measure this 10/10 rate.
