I saw "Mysterious Men" my birthday in 1999 when I was away during vacation. When I got home, I went to see again. Remember, I was twelve years old, but then it was a very cool movie ever. I collected the usual rare data (I have all except the Bowler, which is hard to find. They have made Mr. Furious, The Shoveler, The Blue Raja, The Wengu and Captain Amazing, as your amazing case. in the presence!). I have watched it over the years and is still a favorite of mine, because of enjoying childhood memories. It is not a perfect film, but it certainly deserves another look and perhaps the following worship. Myth: A superheroes of low-level superheroes saves the day. This was again required for a short time, directly to the video "Special" also. But this is the other end of the scope: a large budget (a large budget, around $ 100 Million I think) a comedy studio. Yes, the impact is much greater and a big set of design and good design is very little to consider the plot. But do not think this as stupid, special-y superhero movie - it's PARODY. They fight with a girl named Cassanova Frankenstein, people. She has a pharmaceutical manufacturer, whatever it is (a device of doomsday, will take the world, yada yada.) And superhero luxury resident (Zapp Brannigan-esque Greg Kinnear, and a commercial-logos logos on her costume, good touch) is kidnapped. Time for Men's Secrets: Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller, gets mad), The Shoveller (William H. Macy, hits people and ferries), The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria, UK, hitting forks), The Bowler (Janeane Galanga, Bowl) , The invisible boy (Kel Mitchell, I think what he does), Thepe (Paul Reubens, farts), and The Sphinx (Wes Studi, eliminates the gun for half and his mind, I don't know). Some of the wonderful photographs of character actors include Geoffrey rush as Cassanova, Lena Olin who was very much like Cassanova's grandmother, and Tom and Tom only waiting as a businessman. So ... with Macy, Kinnear, Olin, and there are four so-called Oscar (and one winner) and Tom freakin 'Waiting! However it is not perfect. It is much higher and there is some spread of grain here and there (The player is full full) The most definitive discussion of the physical comedy, which sometimes does not exist (there is someone who loses his power, the case is closed) . The discussion is obvious to show, the ramblings of the Sphinx cycle, an example of a mixture of Mr. Furious, etc. It is a wonderful movie, (it will make it possible to forget that this is the film that allows "All Star" and Smashmouth out into the world.) Unfortunately, the film did not do well with critics and viewers as it should have. One end was originally planned (the film actually depends on the comic book and characters from the "Hot Groups" Firefighters were planned for supporters I believe) but this doesn't work well in the box office. It can be hard to sell, a superhero comedy and a guy from "There's Something About Mary." It could also be the fact that it was released the same day as "Sense of Six" - which ended up being a great hit for the month of August - with "Afford's Thomas." Two other unknown groups were given at the same weekend, not enough - "Dick" and "The Big Giant." Critics commented on the adoption of MM, but forgot quickly. Unfortunately, for the Comedy Player of Jerry Stiller, the player Jeffrey Ross told Ben Stiller that, "I saw 'Men's Secrets' and dismissed MY agents." Ben is then seen by the word mouth, "I must." Listen to him. Provide "Human Secret" space.
