You know people in the movies are available when the hailstones fall from the clear sky. In fact, the weather remains the worst in this climate, and the Chamberlain's only lawyer has the answer. But he is very well-known in Europe, I gather, to communicate with that inner man who reveals himself through a dream. <br /> <br /> The secret of the darkest nature of light on metaphysics from the author's author Peter Weir. Already had confirmed his skills in playing with another dimension in Picnic in Hanging Rock (1975). Here is the arcane of the Australian Aboriginal people who are faced with the activated world of whites. The amazing thing is going on within the Aboriginal community when they kill one of their numbers for no apparent reason. Yuppie's lawyer Chamberlain should defend them in a white court. But the more he looks at things, the more wonderful things he finds, and the more he is interested in the old Aboriginal man who comes into it. And then there are horrible dreams that come and go at an unusual time. <br /> <br /> The well-designed screenplay improves interest. One reason for the work of the movie is the condition of the wife of Chamberlain and the younger daughter. Users can easily identify with them. And when their little world comes into the most powerful system of the system, it usually begins to form, and we get the sense of the world to start falling. Chamberlain is involved all the time, especially during the underground exploration of where I think he should have more insight than he. After all, it is picking up a mask that holds the key (I believe) for a riddle, but its response has not actually registered the revelation. Of course, the original idea of ​​attacking nature has a certain resonance now, thirty years later. In the film, the concept is locked in many entertainment socks, but the subject itself still explains. One way to get the main impression on the film is the sign of the opening area. Large white balls of SUV changed to a natural family, leaving it in the dust of history. Part of the land looks like a tribal tribal stock of particular importance in coastal areas where the industry resides. However, it is also an area of ​​potential to survive anything as a last wave of destruction. Perhaps there is something about the past and the future to think about here. However, this is a very good movie that might be with you.
