"The home room" came as a general surprise. I am not aware of what was about everything, which was paid for a long time because he did not hold any punctuation and what we see is how life is being transformed by a broken young man who decided to harm his classmates, who are innocent victims of his rush. Paul Ryan, the director, who works and edits his own equipment, is a talented person who is awarded with surprises for working closely with his beatings. Alicia Browning is an old girl who is trying to graduate from high school. He has been away a few years and does not seem to be the same length of the wave of other students. For one, he is a rebel and a punk, a lot of preparation and a mouth that will cut anyone who tries to come closer to him. Alicia was one of the students in the home room where nine students have died, claiming to have been killed by her boyfriend. Alicia, we know, is the injured girl who has had a bad experience in her life, but we do not give any indication to it. What follows after the tragedy, as it focuses on a young woman who has survived. Deanna Cartwright is a young teenager who should not be at school, however. When the shot of ricochet touches him, he is a hospital and more wound. He is trying to get that dark period in his mind but the pain did not allow him to forget. Alicia has gone to hospital with the head of the school. Since he has not cooperated with the police, the headmaster wants to see Deanna in his bad situation and perhaps stop and tell the authorities what he knows. Alicia doesn't like Deanna, but in a day, all girls will make peace. We do not realize until the last sequence that happened on that horrible day at school. The wise Phillips does the best Alicia and Erika Christiansen are similar to Deanna. Victor Garber, James Pinkins, Taylor Holland, and all others played to play as a group. <br /> <br /> The film is powerful because it does not show in how the shot happened, which helps the tone that Mr Ryan wanted to give this movie.
