The fighters loved the future from the college and continued, but I would like to get the last season on DVD. Unfortunately, soon I can find it the first season of college. Young years were still good; although they emphasized a lot about magic, they also made him a tendency for young people to involve, lose and young people, and children in divorced families. This version was very guilty; they did not get into the problems of youth such as sex and drugs, but they had trouble with the pressure of intervention. I wanted to watch her grow up and deal with her own magic and try to convince her to leave her as she left the nest. Old events were good, but it was best to see him as well (not a young witch again) but an adult witch. I loved Roxy and Mortgan; they were very talented! In earlier cases, the widows were good actors, but they were very harsh, kind and loving, but they treated her like a little child in some way, but not in every way. I mean they laid the foundation for any mistake he made with his magic, meaning he allowed him to learn from his mistakes immediately! That's what I liked about college events; he could learn from his own mistakes without considering everything; that was angry. Not set down Hilda and Zelda. Melissa Joan Hard is good and was perfect for Sabrina and her personality of Perky. I liked the last part where he ran to Harvey, but if someone else said, it would be nice to see what happened next. I mean I think it was obviously getting married; Where could they run on her wedding dress? But I would like to see it. I thought they wanted to leave for the viewer to choose to finish though instead of a spoon to add it to us as many comedies do. Someone said they would show them marry and go to school at home, but they have already graduated from college. Sabrina had a good job with the newspaper and I think Harvey had a good job, because she lived in a nice apartment that we just saw the end, but they never have to say what she did. As their child always talk about how he does not want to be an exterminator like his father. When Sabrian came into the house during the same season, they did not explain exactly how it happened. Actually, there are many show not to explain, but I thought we must leave it and give us a secret. Before Sabrina and her friends enter the house, they show Hilda getting married with all this spell that ends with Zelda turning into a child. Hilda returns in the last period (and Zelda is in another form, but Beth is not in place) but does not show Zelda's husband or what happened, as they had children? Maybe they didn't like to go to one place. I also loved Hart's sister who had played her cousin! He was beautiful and a good actor and it was interesting to see the whole! I can believe it has been six years since the show came out! I still love the remains! Also, I do not know if anyone has seen this, but in earlier periods, the town was called Westbridbe (a city that I believe, which was supposed to be near Salem) but in the future, they do not mention the name of the city that was struck Westbridge and I think they call Boston except where he worked. Also, I wanted to add, I saw that part, "Wild Wild Sabrina" where she is taught about the importance of law, having insults. She was 18 years old and very old. I would like to be blamed if my parents insisted me at 18. And I think when the 18-year-old can damage the way he did, they need to learn their own results. I think 18 hours they know the rules are important.
