I have this film on DVD and I must look at it thirty now. I must love it very much, right? Indeed, it is not true. <br /> <br /> I was an early surfer in my life, and I loved the game. To this day, I am attracted to good surgery. Growing Giants there are a lot of it, and so I am a sucker for something. But I'm sure to have some bones to take with it. (Peralta, are you listening?) <br /> <br /> First, the movie has very little faith in the matter. Cutting and editing of the waves is that many of them have been destroyed. Very, very few waves are shown from beginning to end. Peralta seems to be bad through the kinetic hyper, cutting-and-speed. It gets worse in the center of Mavericks spot in northern California. No single wave begins to finish. Welcome to the entire section of Mavericks (one-third of the film) is a sketch of video and sound sounds. I can understand Peralta's effect he was trying to achieve with Mavericks, as the place is a real mixture of horrible crushing waves of the bone in the clear sea clear, but he goes too far. Mavericks is not just a bad journey of acid. Crocodiles are actually sent there, even with good performances. It would be nice to see some of them. If Peralta thinks this is a good game (and I'm sure he does), then why does he insist on advertising and issue too much? From time to time, editing eliminates the movie by focusing. There is one quick picture in the Peahi section in Hawaii, which I still can't understand. Even if I drive on a slow motion on the DVD, the picture is so fast that it has slowed down. It should be a long frames on the max. Secondly, Second! What did the boys who did this have learned about working under? It is very appropriate to view the version of the directors on the DVD. These boys seem like two girls on the river. Such feelings show in the main production. Everything is always the "amazing" of God. Etc. One character is particularly bad - Sam George, editor of Surfer Magazine, who works for his pants whenever he says. She is super drag on the movie. <br /> <br /> There is a huge amount of effort in this film. I mean, just get the old shots of the film they have, and also, all the interviews. Film is a good story, and I think it's usually interesting entertainment. Basically it is good to put out, and three parts around Greg Noll, Jeff Clark, and Laird Hamilton respectively. There is another use of photography which is still amazing. In the details of the directors, they say it is a new type of 3D technology, and it works. The three characters of the principle shine, both in their interviews and in the water. As a runner, Laird Hamilton is a revelation. He comes from the top of his game in a way that I just saw Michael Jordan doing in basketball. And also, the story of his father's father is gem. It really touches me. <br /> <br /> It's just that the movie would be too much. The last part of the movie, while rolling credits, offers a hint of what it would. There are beautiful panoramic shots of waves with very good sound. (The sound of the sound in all the film is garbage, although you can love it if you are a fan of modern school, rock.) However there are two cents ...
