I remember seeing this time was released, on the playground in Palo Alto, and not expecting a lot. I mean - an Australian movie? But finally it came to me. Here is the location. Richard Chamberlain is sitting on the floor of a shabby floor in Sidney, with an old Australian elder named Charlie. Chamberlain: "You were out of my house last night. You were afraid of my wife. You?" And Charlie deliberately answers, "Who are you? Who are you?" Who are you? "Who are you?" Are you a fish? "Are you a snake? Who are you? Who are you?" It is an amazing place, it has shot all around, and the face of the chamberlain of blandly beautifully filling screens on the face of Black, slow, Charlie's beard <br> /> <br /> The two children cannot be more distinct from this film is the story of how Chamberlain is being charged with due care for the legitimacy of the law's secret secret of Charlie's world. I don't think I will go a lot about the plot. It is a kind of surgery story. But I must say, anyone who did research on Australian indigenous beliefs systems should get A plus. They have everything here, due to mentioning the bone up to the time of the dream, the kind of world the same as to which the dream is real. It's a very destructive movie without hitting any music or very special effects. Charly's world begins only to intervene in Chamberlain's dreams, because it has never been quite clear. <br /> <br /> If there is a problem with the script, that's it. Nothing was made clear. Is Chamberlain, who seems to have a wonderful relationship with the Baaborigines, dies in the last wave? What? Waaborigines? What? Sidney's life? The basic cluster is a little hard to accept too, although it has been given that this is fantasy. The Aborigines are investing with the kind of spiritual power that Americans give to the Americans, when the fact is that mythology is mythology and when one can be more complicated or more satisfying - more elegant and beautiful, if you would like - mythology still attempt to pass the physical existence, of want, and sometimes. Charlie's message further shows that the miracles of Moses in the "Ten Commandments" of Cecil B. DeMille, but are brothers under the skin. But I don't care about it. Taken as a film, this is very good, and it is very important to mark the celebrity of director, Peter Weir, and the Australian film industry. This was the first of a great wave of films from programs, some of them highly raucous, like "Mad Max," and some of the cunning and wonderful, like "Lantana." I love the things of Weir, which resemble Nicholas Roeg in being pregnant with small fears. Try "Picnic in Hanging Rock" for example of how to make a real cool movie and not a drop of blood.
