Giant Riding is a priority document that comes into the world of very low sports and brings it on a human face and markup which only Stacy Peralta director can catch. Everything from the structure, to the players, on the amazing pictures of the stock, even the style in which this was just closed to enhance the beauty and power behind the game of surfing. Among all the popular films I have seen (Summer Endless, Billabong Odyssey, and Stagnant Steps) this was more consistent and appropriate. Starting with the early age of surgery (a brief lesson of history) for a long time to Laird's delightful journey, Giant Riding goes deeper into mind, heart, and soul of the game than any of these other documents. How does it do? By throwing the whole story, from beginning to end, not mentioning or jig jagging from wave to wave. To start this movie was the sound format. In other films that I have seen about using, sometimes you find yourself from a new person to a new person, wave wave, event event, not knowing why or who? In Fighting Sessions, we have the smallest striker of war fighters and supporters. This allows you to go completely into the mind of each other. Also, instead of just running waves, we are given more history and more personal knowledge than ever before. This was the most interesting of this film. I was surprised that instead of showing all these big waves (because it is a great movie wave), we listen to the story and see the first hand those fools had to win to reach the waves. I liked the details about "sea bums" or a father to use. I am still lacking in the amazing stories of Greg Noll and his early adventures in a mild mild. Then, seeing him himself, talking about what went on in his mind, he added more fuel to the fire. The direct system that Peralta followed me allowed me to follow and walk away from the most skillful game than with any previous film. Peralta shows many feelings and emotions that you cannot help but are wondering what these brave people have done, and where the games go. Add to the incorrect layout of an intense and creative display, and you got the perfect film. Using the techniques that I saw last in the Little Things on Photos, The Screens are creating scenes that almost feel like jumps from the screen. Although it is not 3D, it's that a dimensional flat feeling when you put two pictures on each other. In this film, it worked. It was more detailed in the events, and was actually added to not only the value of shock (someone these waves were great), but also the risks that these people face often. If it has broken or done wrong, these waves would kill them. Some died, but did not leave the game. It just created more excitement and more enthusiasm to do better. It is this love of the sea and games that guides me to my last step. <br /> <br /> The human element. Many of my adventures earlier in the world of surgical documents left me with good waves, but very little about people. The movie knew that people were watching the waves, so it would go to a wave of wave until wave and maybe the second second on the person. This film was the direct opposite. Peralta created this masterpiece for us yet, but gives more attention to travelers and the eternal question of what they are doing this every day. What stimulates through their ideas, what drives them to go further, and bonds made out in the blue blue there. I felt like after watching this film that I didn't just know more about a big wave of surf, but also about the emotional side of the game. This was a non-continuous feature in another film and pushing Giants Riding to a new personal level. Overall, this film was a brilliant. I have never witnessed a great passion, commitment, and love wrapped in a good film. From start to finish, I was fascinated. I would like to be happy as this film won Oscar this year for Best Documentary, and saw a new revision in the world of use and open more films of this nature. ** out of *****
