The Turkish Bath series in New York film in 50 years, which must be something of something! What is strange, in all the previous comments, no one has shown, but it seems to me it is important to understand this film. and spread his thighs. Steve, the pastor is a kind of small farmer (Beefcake!), And another guy, a hunter? finishes the finish. Dixon obviously hates what he sees there and finds it immediately. We know he has the ability to persuade the accused. A good helper but getting easy to control. Why is he so hated? It may be that he hates himself. Is this part he inherited from his father? That dark thing that could cause justice at the end of the road, in the crust? What? If the dark side was hit in the "closet"? Note: every time Dixon meets Scale (3 times), this man is sleeping in bed, and he has only people around him for the company (the "Girls" view posted on the wall next to his bed!) <Br /> <br /> Performing funny actions: affected behavior, striking his neck with pride, pride, breathing (poppers?) Into his nose every time he speaks to Dixon. Dixon, retaliating, has joined the beat down Scaly who appears to be misunderstood: "I have never seen anyone who hates like you. I think it's almost as interesting as you came after me alone." Four years flying to me as I was a special person! Why? "Because Scale is a special person in fact: he is the direct heir of Dixon's father:" Your father loved me "," Your father put me in business. "He stands as Dixon's brother, his name. all, he prefers the company of Dixon men knows well: "Who killed him (Paine)?" You or one of your players? "Players! See how each time they meet them, Dixon manhandles Scale: takes the address book out of his coat, blows his face, slaps him." Scale: "I warn you not to do it! Dixon's absence is obvious or different: his unidentified homosexual Dixon, the son of Dixon, is the son of a lion. : he is a strong brass, a murderer, a liar. Moreover, he is not married, brings "blonde blonde" to his usual eating area every time, but nothing else. A waitress shock says that he does not know how to make love for The Dixon woman has a great sense of guilt and hates herself for such reasons. ”Hood and the farmer like his old man. The blood will say "Finally, in order to achieve redemption, Dixon decides to give himself a life: if he gets his change to kill him, he will be free from guilt and free girl and his father too. <br /> <br /> The end of the film brings us to The sequence of opening: Scale is dug in the gutter and Dixon deserves the right to walk the road with the success of the dame love. He is directly at the end. His entertaining feelings, he wants to find a woman's love (Jean Douchet). / This description is required by the film definition by Jean Douchet in French edited by CarlottaI.
