'Where the End of the End (1950)' opens, precisely, with the names of Dana Andrews and Gene Tierneys written on the road, like dirty water in the middle of the sewer. The roadway represents respect, integrity and ethics? only emerging and supporters walk on the shell. But even the most respectful of men have a tendency to lose some time, and, when the roadway comes suddenly, it sometimes proves that it is impossible to avoid getting someone's wet clothes. Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) was born in the shell, his father is a professional criminal, and has spent his whole life on his way back to the road, constantly on the edge of the belt. As a police investigator, Dixon wants anything more than to show the skill and integrity that his father did not, but has a sense of meaning that he cannot escape. When his quick temper causes the deceased victim, Dixon finds himself the only father who despised, a cheating offender who will cheat and lie to cover his mistake. 'The End of the End Ends' was the only film to reunite Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney and Otto Preminger director after' Laura '(1944),' although the two films, even on the night , they can't be far away. Although the original picture had a great relationship with the story of the murder of the house, this film is as common as the urban police game. Due to its unforgettable performance as Laura Hunt, it is unfortunate that Tierney here is widely used, making a common niche of romantic interest, as did the same year at 'Night and City' of Jules Dassin '. Andrews, on the other hand, has never been better, showing the difficulty and anger that I had not expected. Gary Merrill is very well suited as a criminal of the Scenes, but it doesn't seem to have enough meaning for that role, and I think that actor like Richard Conte (who played Mr. Brown at 'Big Combo (1955)' will have the best fit character; this, but Conte appeared only one year before 'Whirlpool' of Preminger (1949). 'The tension, if Dixon is trying to cover his crime crash, is it riveting completely? The taxi is still not used for its full potential. The taxi driver is the only person who could identify Dixon as a offender, but Preminger is trying as soon as he passes through Dixon on the level. we could have some hot fire and why, for this reason, the taxi driver's testimony could not show Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully) once due to murder? The lack of such a conflict reduces the best screenplay from Ben Hecht, who is suffering under gray crime and killing combat groups. Andrews's law enforcement and law enforcement, are affected by anger and sadness, have never been properly done, at least the same as Robert Ryan in the 'Dangerous Ground' of Nicholas Ray (1952).
