New York police investigator Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) is a boy who has to deal with his demons every day at the same time as to deal with ups and typical everyday life. The kind produced by its internal struggle and its hateful criminals, leads him to make serious mistakes of judgment and for failing to recognize the need for any code of conduct being observed and in his dealings with the people on the wrong side of the law. He has a track record of suspects and criminals known for brutality and this has made him a clash with his chief officers who have abused him with the amount of violence he has used. Dixon cannot connect this call to prevent it from its harsh and unreasonable hatred of all offenders. He is suffering because his father was a criminal and was left with the need for a power to live under his father's reputation and preventing the fulfillment of the lower expectations that many people have as his result. When the rich Texan is killed after the evening gambling run by Tommy Scale (Gary Merrill), Dixon has been given a trial. Scalisa explains the Dixon's chief investigator Lieutenant Thomas (Karl Malden) that the victim was accompanied by Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) and his wife Morgan (Gene Tierney) and that Paine had a murder. Dixon goes to Paine's apartment and asks the accused who is a non-partner and when Paine will clap, Dixon will take revenge and Paine falls and dies. Dixon continues to remove the body in a nearby river. Paine's wife is asked to explain what happened in the Scale area, adding that her father had gone to Paine's apartment later that night to confront him on the fact that he had returned home to break the face. Paine had visited her many times with her father, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), had threatened that if it happened again she would beat Paine up. This information leads to Taylor being arrested and charged with murder. No one accepts Dixon's notes that Scale had killed Texan and then was Paine killed to eliminate him as a witness. Dixon continues to make various attempts to get Scale guilt but eventually realizes that the only way to achieve its goal is to write a confession on its own role in the death of Paine and cover. He does this and also writes that he is going alone to deal with Scale so that the police can catch a gangster for the Dixon murder. The struggle with Scalisa and the way later on which Dixon reaches its own redemption, giving time and fitting conclusions to this gritty <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews fate and taken over the words to convey his character always concerned with nature and its. worries as he deals with a series of disasters that include the death of Paine's accident. Dixon, however, is not alone to get lucky as Morgan, a successful example loses his job because of all the problems around him. His father, who a few years ago was only given a diploma to support the police, finds himself responsible for the crime he did not do. Ken Paine who d has been a war hero had experienced unemployment and losing confidence that led to drunkenness and beating a woman with Scalisa who d is designed in business with Dixon's father also facing his disaster. Where the End of Sidewalk Continues "is a devotional story involving a group of interesting and distinct characters with the main character who is a perfect man of moral values.
