The best film of Otto Preminger's film is that it has a purpose of no concern, disgusting the essence of the central character, who still suffers to live in the shadow of her criminal father. Dana Andrews, a fighter who is a stranger, senseless and destructive, who might change because he could see a beautiful woman to look at. The person who is in trouble repeats himself with his tangled feelings of loyalty. Mood with the rotation of the last half of the story with journalist Ben Hecht returns back to Andrews's performance while Preminger is full of films in a suitable style of style. We don't see and hear the city at night; we feel because Preminger enables us to see and hear even the distant and distant things. Dana Andrews offers a strong attitude from its violent streams and hatred that always causes it. As the plot grows, he is bound to the traps in the traps, but the renewal and outward acts that can be seen in the face of the dominant tribe of the vine before the beat. <br /> <br /> The special phase in the development of a variety of film types is red, feral and shady black film which is installed in the state of the world, where the hero is a very alien that he has a sudden tolerance, and even although he has lost the reasonable criticism, the principle of work, and the moral boundaries, it is still a good police. Preminger just winks to tell the social game and conscience about a broken society in the city of walking, instead of keeping the excitement climbing the shoulders of Andrews as a personal presence of someone with an fixation of Oedipal who isolates himself and ever the influence of the law drink on his side and the negative attitude of justice and evil. Production companies in the early 1950s emerged a picture of the social problem, and instead made a "small budget, low risk of risk" like this, it appears in an attempt to avoid the connectivity of conservative critics and social busybodies. But there is a reality of Prominger of the wrong way. He injures every area with a sense of day-to-day as a plot of plot. Everyone who needs help should turn their weight on doing something interesting, but none of them is a comic or delightful comic. For him, each character thinks they are stars, as to direct-and-shoulder-verification of Karl Malden as a police inspector and missionary waitress at a lunch counter. It is those who are stars — Andrews and Gene Tierney, both sad and their efforts to lose their emotional power — who do not want to be.
