Ah, sir. My favorite genre. Monitoring of Otto Preminger to "Laura" is a black film set in New York after the war, where corruption and abuse have spread. It is a star Dana Andrews as Sergeant Mark Dixon, a detective whose tactics have taken him into hot water by his chiefs. When the accident is killed the suspect of the murder, Dixon tries to accuse the crime of crime Tommy Scalese. Dixon is close to achieving his goal when he deals with the dead man's wife, good Morgan Taylor. Of course, in the traditional style of color, things slow down the hill. If the film is not worth anything to attract camera or wisdom information, it has a constant voice of fear and darkness. Like the biggest star, it is also cheerful, with a real viewer from the beginning. However, like many Preminger films, it's not something I would like to look at again. You do not have words of Wilder words, flamboyance to see of Hitchcock or experiments of the Welles. As the future work of Lang, "Sidewalk" feels very "story" of what man should be, rather than a sophisticated thing. <br /> <br /> The film printing is not something special. It is about a soldier who finds himself slowly becoming a criminal. In the same area Dixon explains that his own father was limited when running, the film shows the frirting and the concept of preparation, but this one area is close to Otto goes, or struggles to take his thoughts. <br /> <br /> The camera function is also desperate. No mind in the Otto camera. No effort is provided to share the camera for nothing. It does not play with space or architecture or step-by-step police step by step. It is only a trip to the trip and a daly of the frequent and externally. However, many people don't care about these things. There is, however, one good shot where our hero is bound in a car full of pods (black cage) which itself enters the car-lift (another fortress) and is taken into a group of lair. Like Lynch's "Blue Velvet", Otto repeats the film, always symbolizes "apartment" in hell. This works well, but the setup program cannot be strengthened. <br /> <br /> 7/10 - Otto seems to be following mold mold Hawksian's black, instead of a toy and possibly where black can go. As "Detour", "Night in the City", "Scarlet Street", "In the World's Place", "Law of Violence", "Bomberang" and "Johnny Eager", "Where Last End" is one of them made a color The second film of the tier. It has potential and share, but it does not have extra magic magic.
