Otto Preminger, completing the round of the night in the twentieth century Fox, met again "Laura" leads to this beautiful detective game. Dana Andrews again tells the soldiers, but this time he has been bothered, worried and sentenced to police brutality by his chief - "You have no hatred for fear, you loved to beat!". Mark Dixon (Andrews) despises criminals, as his own father was a hippo. They do not want to be a "child of Sandy Dixon" so he became a policeman, but his methods are hard and hated. One night, to investigate the murder, he does not know to accuse the accused, Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) with great effort to kill him. The trembling Dixon is doing a good job to cover it, wanting to create a hated hobby, Scale (Gary Merrill) for a crime. However, the blame is on Paine's mother-in-law, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), whose daughter, the department shop department Morgan Taylor (Tierney) has appeared with her husband but continues to get into his gambling plans. Paine had struck his wife, exciting her father, who showed the apartment of his in-law, but even Dixon withdrew with the body. With the best suspects, Jiggs are arrested and charged. It is full of guilt, Mark falls to Morgan and offers money to a lawyer. He decides to take Scale however but allows the letter to be given to the department at the time of his death, confessing everything. Finally, he cannot live with the knowledge and what he did, and lets the letter appear to his chief and Morgan. Despite all the bad conditions, Morgan says his love for Mark and waiting for him. It was good to get this film on DVD, after many years of television access. Eddie Mueller, a historian of the film, gives an explanation and does a good job, but I see that the audience could not focus on the importance of leading two ways, since "Laura" has been done six years before. In such a way, he is wrong because they were seen in the "Iron Cotton" two years before WTSE and the film was a successful box-office. Andrews and Tierney were members together, and Ruth Donnelly is a great relief of comic as the owner of the restaurant Martha, burning the fire between the detective and the woman. <br /> <br /> City water at night gives a movie a dangerous film. Gary Merrill is as good as the Scaly under life, who had committed crimes with Dixon's father ("Your father loved me," says Mark). Karl Malden and the young boys of Brand Brand are also strong. And Tom Tully is touching and surprising just as the defendant of the innocent Morgan. The film's film viewing and cast a wonderful.
