Where the End of the Last End (1950) When Lost, Another Starts Over / Over <br /> This is a typical film, and as such, useless, from every style and content of perspective. Photography and nighttime settings are the first level (the movie film Joseph LaShelle lets you take this game to the scene after the scene), and the top faces on the face of the correct expression. I can watch this film for exhibitions alone, even when characters fight with genius. But acting is the first level here, and the plot shows what I see as the basis of many color films, the divorced male leadership (representing many men back home to the United States after the war and feeling lost themselves) . In fact, it is not just Dana Andrews who is tempting as a detective, a special detective, has a small but important partner in the film, the husband of the first woman (the first husband), who was adorned with GI has fallen into hard times and additions. The fact that one man kills another may be of great importance, in general - a common guy struggles for his internal problems successfully when a soldier-wearing soldiers enters into the death of an accident with a silver plate in his head. The woman turns from one to the other - we think they get married and have children as suggested in the movie. Even though this pushes the interpretation of it after the truth, we can still see the way one person and take care of certain burdens through the crisis for a higher form of ethical order - to turn yourself to a small crime only for sure he has found it. This video is of Andrews. He has a more restricted and migratory type than Kirk Douglas plays in a similar role in Detective William Wyler that made a year later, and Andrews is certainly a little show. You can see both films easily for the book count and compare session. The fact that Andrews as Detective Dixon strives for ethics in all ways, and Douglas as Detective McLeod is not, can explain why one person gets his girl and another does not. Gene Tierney removes a kind of sympathetic, powerful, and finally a typical woman and "woman" - not just a desirable card, but someone want Dixon to marry. The crime program is actually secondary to the main festival, but it is enough in his play and type and clichés. The smaller parts are saved, a few details (like a telephone table) are very sensitive, away from the character or beauty of gambling in Casablanca. But then, the great movie of Curtiz is iconic even in the details - it does not strive to be a subtle and realistic and intervention, but rather it grows and memorable and interesting. They come to different points of war, and they represent the opposite possibilities for their leading men. Bogart begins his career, Dixon, and Dixon's man is killed, it's through. Through it, indeed, but it is not enabled. It is not a crash that many, perhaps more, of film films have what you will call the "last" end. Man overcomes his enemies and transforms his inner life, and the film player, then and now, understands how good it should feel.
