I am a great fan of a film film, and this film and Otto Preminger easily stands as one of the best that I have seen! Preminger is reunited with his two stars from 'Laura' hit - Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, for a different crime scene. Laura was based on love, and this film depends on hatred; as we look at the police investigations Mark Dixon, copper is already being investigated from its chiefs for its heavy-handed techniques, killing the accused and trying to kill a criminal murder; A man named Tommy Scalisi. This program is done carefully, and Preminger has several points; but they all come back to the main issue of ethics that deals with our main character. The fact that the film is placed under a criminal ground means that the plot is based on the best working conditions, and the director Otto Preminger takes on a life-skills expertise to show people the big characters, blowing (and their women), shot and more - and this helps to end the film from 'Laura' early, which was widely set in the top class category. <br /> <br /> The role of Mark Dixon gives Dana Andrews one of the most interesting parts of his work. Here, we have a character that is difficult to love as he is very cold - but the fact that we can understand his intentions is to make it easier to listen to him, and allows the audience to be able to plug in his trouble. The development of character is good, and as we have followed this practice and its motivation in all films; everything means to the end. His co-star is Gene Tierney, who has not been given much to do in this film as it was Laura; The film that has made Tierney linchpin it. He does well with what he has, however, with the leading duo chemistry is the best and Tierney helps to complete every area where he is. I can't say that this is better film than Laura's original; that's a hard act to follow, but this film certainly fits in the film's film formula better than the original Preminger film. The film also makes a piece of good comparison to Laura; as almost everything in this film is contrary to the movie 1944, it is still very good familiar. It is highly recommended for all!
