At first glance, it may seem natural to compare where the end of Sidewalk ceases to Laura. Both have a black reputation, both led by Otto Preminger, and all star Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney. But that's where the more comparison ended. Laura dealt with posh, modern people with ways that only happen to find themselves mixed in murder. Where the End of Sidewalk is placed on a completely different layer. These are people with barely two nickels rub together who are more accustomed to see the underbelly of the community going to the fancy dress associations. Where the last Sidewalk is a gritty film filled with desperate people who solve their problems with fists or some other weapons. Small when hoods are dime a dozen and regular cops beat evidence from crooks. Getting caught-up in a murder investigation looks like natural as breathing. When I have not seen his whole body of work, due to what I have seen Dana Andrews gives one of his best performances as beaten soldiers, Det. Sgt. Mark Dixon. He is a type of soldier who is used to fight local hoods if he finds information or acknowledges. One night, it goes too far and accidentally kills someone. She does a good job of covering it. But things get hard when he falls to the wife of the dead man, Morgan Taylor (Tierney), whose father becomes a number one suspect in the murder case. As Morgan's father means the world to him, Dixon has what to do what he can open an elder without implicating himself. <br /> <br /> Reviews, Where Sidewalk Ends is best. In addition to the sharp performance from Andrews, the movie has the reputation of Tierney every time. She has qualities that can make even when it is more convenient. The rest of the cast is established by Tom Tully as the accused father to be a real position. More acting, direction, setting, lights, and movies are all of the above. In general, it is an amazing film made well. If I have one complaint (and indeed it's very much quibble) it is that Tierney is close to the role and its environment. It is very difficult to believe that such a woman can pretend to be confused with some of these senseless characters. Not really his fault, just the way Tierney is coming. She looks very nice, designed, and delicate to the place. But, his gentle, kind, faithful attitude adds to the feeling of realities needed to be shown to him.
