At the end of the Sidewalk At the end, Otto Preminger re-connects Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney, in fact hoping to fix her magic. But they are unfamiliar films, placed in different New York ranks (not mentioning the opposite trees of the world world). The beautiful fog of Gothic hovers over the Manhattan upscale of Laura, with its erotic disease and faint whiff of necrophilia; Where the end of the Sidewalk is clean urban towns and makes low-bedroom rooms, steam rooms and parking garages. But everything is very good of the film as its predecessor, -wool black (Laura, for comparison, one of the clutch of films from 1944 which French first name 'noir,' was still very sophisticated genocide). The day comes only in a temporary torture, and the photographer of the film Joseph LaShelle makes more of the color of the colors of colors and colors of color, spoon and El. This is the capital of the capital - especially the Big Apple - black, like several others from the 1950 harvest, like Side Street and Sleeping City and Tattooed Stranger and Edge of Penalties. When the movie opens, police investigator Dana Andrews is on the carpet with his brutal ways, especially his vendetta for criminal boss Gary Merrill (whom we learned was founded in business with father Andrews' ne'er-do) -well). When a man out of town is being killed in a Merrill decoration game, Andrews's hair shares the evidence, causing him to have a serious risk for the skull (supplemented by an iron plate of an old head). Knowing that his work is already on the line, Andrews gives us the body into the river after the appearance of the suspect had taken the dough. <br /> <br /> Of course, that's far from its end. The corpse is discovered, his wife's wife becomes Tierney, and all the evidence begins to turn to her father (Tom Tully), a hack driver who has not just been riding the same road on the night of the murder but has good reason to want his wife-in-law the wolf will die. But Andrews who lacks the deficit gets Tierney to pray for its best nature; he tries to accuse his father while he is involved in all his secret activities in secret .... It is not epigrammatic like Laura, the script for where the end of Sidewalk (and Ben Hecht) shows the evil of himself ( in the second low cost, his head says Andrews, 'See you - all connected as a fag' barrelhouse. But when Laura spreads more than half of the Twelve characters, here Andrews is all the sole goal (even the role of Tierney is very low among Laura's half spectral). And Andrews can't have a better job here. It's tight-lipped and taciturn, but never more valid than when his silent face registers pain that his own quarrel brought him. He is a pent-up patient who can get the only release through the security valve of the violence (even clapping his loyal partner, Bert Freed). In fact, he finds a quick way to liberation though the star of his good star. But that is the style of time, and the end of the beautiful little less to undermine this New York story of abuse, corruption and urbanization.
