We are a long way from LAURA. Once again Otto Preminger leads, star Dana Andrews as a police investigator named Mark, and Gene Tierney is a beautiful woman who hates, but nothing about where SIDEWALK ENDS resembles everyone's favorite modern genocide. Instead of interesting discussions we get an inheritance, effective efficiency. When the original film was held in the top of the Ritzy echelons of the New York community, here we are in the district tax under the dark streets, hoodlums, cheap restaurants and crummy rooms. Tierney, as good as ever, now works as a shop shop shop and lives in Washington Heights (neighboring “doll” who once received an opportunity for LAURA's Mark McPherson). At this time Andrews is Mark Dixon, an old, sad, unfortunate version of the cold soldiers in the canal coat. SIDEWALK is a small form of black journalists, movies about police brutality based on militants who cannot control their violent violence. As the character of Kirk Douglas at DETECTIVE STORY, Dixon despises his contempt for his father's past mistakes. Where Douglas considers himself righteous and hides his own mistakes, Andrews has been convicted of answering and loving himself. He accidentally kills the suspect and covers his actions with an attempt to give us a suspicion about a small group of violence (Gary Merrill) who has been benefiting for many years. Instead, a wise taxi driver is convicted because he is the father of his ex-wife and Morgan (Gene Tierney). Dixon, falling in love with the wife of someone who killed him, tries to save his father unselfishly. <br /> <br /> Among the Black characters, Dana Andrews had this difference: he was not able to appear without intelligence. Even when playing Joe's average, as he usually did, he comes naturally as sensitive and unusual; moreover, its air being very concerned with its own comfort gives it a haunted - and haunting-quality which was its essence as an actress. Played ordinary boys, fighters and soldiers, but always has less risk of seeing and knowing more. His brave heroes are a symbol of fatigue, guilt, inability to "strengthen." No other actor could well show the anger of the bottle, slower, mental illness of Mark Dixon. He also has tender compassion, warmth and even wry humor that makes his heart examine. This comes from when he takes Morgan to a restaurant where he is ordinary, and for the first time we see this fierce, brutal business insulting the host, who fear can not hide his love and care. Dixon begging his girlfriend for money to find Morgan's dad's lawyer, even though he recently opposed Dixon and gave her punch. No words on honesty or knowing he is a very good man, but we see it all in silence with his wife resigning as she gives up some jewelry for pawn. The beauty of Dixon comes through other people's ways such as through the deep performance of Andrews. Though Dana Andrews was a little star, she could be forty years of man. He goes through some movies they have never put off his clothes; and the silhouette of boxy, mid-middle century, more powerful and fedora, a glass of bourbon, a cigarette he does not give his mouth when speaking, looks bound to the penis of hardness and bravery. While most people like to praise a very difficult person, FUNA SIDEWALK ENDS provides a hidden image of the truth behind the façade, an experimental investigation and the root of the root and the effects of violence. Andrews was sadly busy in his own time (he was the only three characters in the best years of our life that was not chosen for the Academy Academy award, although his underlying performance was more compelling than hammy Frederic March, Oscar-winning drunk ). Fortunately, Andrews appeared in other films that ensured that he did not die, and now this unknown film, which has its best performance, can be seen as a wonderful part of the Fox Film Noir. This series, including never before opening names (like NIGHTMARE ALLEY and THIEVES 'HIGHWAY), suggests that twenty-Century-Fox may have the best record of all studios during film films.
