As a young man at the time, Airwolf had a thorough investigation for the generation that wanted "Cowboys and Indians" to have amazing gadgets and whiz-bang explosions. <br /> <br /> In many ways, the show was essentially the Knight Planner of heaven: the book of the book as comic, the central character which was essentially, and describes the concept of one person who makes a difference. But in other ways, important, it was essentially very different from Knight Rider, Street Hawk, A Team and other time displays. For one thing, the succession of the series is not based on the desire to help those in need, but based on the Airwolf Airwolf airplane for selfish reasons (like the ability to try to find his brother MIA, St John). And then there is a dark edge presented and set a series established in the Cold War context 80s, complete with Soviet espionage and the American dictators, without mentioning the enemy inside. Indeed, A A team has repeatedly returned to Vietnam with a team as a refugee, but it was generally done by touching the light and was rarely between the plot itself. Along with Airwolf, the controversy was important to the voice and direction of the show - although this was (unavailable) was duplicated as the series continued. <br /> <br /> Considering, Cold War status sets a series, many of the stories tend to be destructive, and a lot of what Airwolf does is quite clear for today's technology. But that's not sure. Airwolf was excited to scream, he tried to tell interesting stories without relying only on the great mechanism of action, and he had no sugar-coat everything to make sure that no one died miraculously. Sometimes failed, but often succeeded easily - and on the TV budget to boot. For UK readers, DMAX (Sky Channel 155) has just started (Jan 2008) to run again for Airwolf. Put your Heavenly box with this blast from the past - we can even get it again, thrown again (and very sadly down) the fourth season, which by my experience has never been shown in the UK.
