George Cukor tells this story of the suspension of the suspension in the world of exhibition and its usual touch but with power. Ronald Colman's performance, which made Oscar, still stands in spite of the shortest time? it's hard to forget his haunted face as he hits deliberately close to social work and tries to find meaning in his life. There is a small number of subtexts and Cukor has the best job to make them clear without compelling anything very. Garson Kanin's script and Ruth Gordon are brilliant, combining the world of reminder world with the seed of the road seed and using elements from the "King Lear" Shakespeare as a memory of all the film's envy and Colman character identity. <br /> <br /> Several interesting things about this movie? largely can be rejected as well as flippant treatment of daily problems of administrators. In other words if acting art is needed a small personal care we will have the speed of practitioners of psycho-social methods. But I think the real concern of this story is to act or work / art of acting for each se. I think Anthony's fight represents a wider question of existence, uncertainty about identity. There is a key, I feel, in his relationship with his former wife Britta (Signe Hasso). He says he had no or could be a good actor without his inspiration. And sometimes she says clearly that her severe identification and her responsibilities began when she married her. I don't know what to do but it seems important to me, especially because it is his excitement and envy that eventually drives it up. Perhaps the point is that Anthony puts himself at risk in the first place by entering into a strong relationship. Marriage means "unity of spirit" in a traditional pregnancy. It is common that male and female characters are separated at the beginning of the film. It has never been quite (Comedy Hawks "His Girl Friday Friday" includes intelligence, among others), but it is normal and perhaps necessary, especially because of the fact that they have no end to solve their romantic separation. Somehow, the film may mean that jealousy is another kind of personal love.
