**** PLAYER **** All Australian summer season turned out to be the streams of rainstorms and baseball stones that were caused by coastal cities like Sydney. It is under these great conditions that lawyer David Burton, Richard Chamberlain, has been involved in the case, as a defense prosecutor, involving the death of an aborigine in which he appeared to be dead outside the Sydney bar. To have five other collaborators arrested by Billy Cormans, Athol Compton, death is determined by the police coroner that Billy died from sinking and not even cruelly even though he had fruit on his neck and shoulders. However, the court decided to face five charges for his death to be charged with murder rather than murder. David protects the five who do not have any help from them in their protection and attackers who want to stay completely and keep what happened to Billy themselves and take what comes from the court. One of the suspects Chris, David Gulpili, begins to somehow destroy David's dreams as he wants to tell him what caused the death of Billy. <br /> David for the first time had no dream of Chris begins to feel so much that when he met him in court. Chris confirms David's dream by showing him a strange black stone that David saw Chris has been in his dream. Later to meet Chris and, what turns out to be a natural fighter, Charlie (Nandjiwarna Amagula) who came to his home that evening David is told that he, like Charlie, has the spiritual power he inherited from his grandfather. These powers will reveal to him the future of the incredible climate that is fleeing to Australia. The world, Chris tells David, is going to the great cycle of sanctification and the old world on the abolition of the new world already taking place. David is confused about what Chris and Charlie tell him but if the rain continues to rise and the waves of the sea begin to rise, he feels that something terrible will happen. David wants to know if it's all human ceremonies or there are some scientific facts, or logic, behind their end of the revelation of the world. It is now clear that both Chris and Charlie are members of the human race right into modern Sydney. That alone could get Chris away, with his four friends, for Billy's murder. Since the Australian government will not criticize ethnic groups, leaving any rights to be made by the tribes themselves. Chris still refuses to accept that he is a member of the indigenous tribe and he and his four friends are judged by the murder of Billy and the sentences that will be given by the judge within the day. <br /> <br /> David now decided to find out why Chris' s silence, and why Billy had to die, is taken by Chris for a crime scene. There is where David realizes that Billy betrayed the members of the tribe of Chris to go there with Billy to be not a member of Chris's ethnic group. It is also revealed to David that he himself has a spiritual relationship with the Austrailan Aborigines as both Charlie and his father, Pastor Burton, David Parslow, told him. The current stage is set to a great and final cycle that will arise in David in his night dreams and visions of the day. It comes in the form of a huge wave of light rising out of the Pacific Ocean to the Australian coastal town in Sydney and then reinforces the whole continent.
