Ronald Colman has a famous Broadway actor who has begun to lose his sense of meaning and identity. After years of playing different parts, he cannot remember who exactly - who is his roles and who. And, worse, he begins to see and hear his play even for the most common everyday life. So, currently playing "Othello", he begins to act enviously - as a character of the title. Finally, it takes him to the depth of hatred and murder. I see this film years ago and I love it. I saw it again and loved it. Now maybe some of my passion is because I always loved Ronald Colman and this is a great victory for him - and which he got the Best Oscar Actor. And, looking at the competition that year (Gregory Peck for the GENTLEMAN agreement, John Garfield for BODY AND SOUL, William Powell for LIFE AND FATHER and Michael Redgrave for MOURNING comes ELECTRA), I think Colman was a very good option, as he put it from his usual location of comfort and made the task of demanding more. Now I have found that one counselor hated this film because they hated Shakespeare - and this took about half of their views of talking about their love for them. However, this film is not true about Shakespeare, and it doesn't matter whether you like Shakespeare. I am not a big fan of Shakespeare, but I have been in a small part of the game that Colman was introduced - though, as I said, this is not a real movie about Shakespeare. Rather, it is a beautiful picture of the actor losing his mind and combining his role of action with reality. It could be any game, though "Othello" was the best choice because of the murder scene - which is taken out later in the film. <br /> <br /> Overall, a very clever film from a good script - with some of the Film Noir Film. Fortunately, the act was very strong, as Colman received great support from Signe Hasso, Shelly Winters and Edmond O'Brien (who was very good - played his part). And, based on George Cukor's leading leader, it is not surprising that it is a good film from beginning to end.
