TIME LIFE has created mystique among fans of the film for two reasons: the idea of ​​the actor's plot to get so focused on the role (here Othello) as to take on the role of the character and put it in his life; and that this is an award winning Academy Ronald Colman (with Golden Globe) as an excellent actor. Let's take the first step. <br /> <br /> Is the role of Anthony John Colman, or even his signature of responsibility? I am worried about any level - but it is among its special responsibilities. Many of his work, Ronald Colman played sirs, sirs, constantly in a dangerous or atypical situation. He is the Bulldog Drummond (made in the production of Goldwyn not being a racist of pride) to fight crime. She is Raffles, a great cricket and burglar, the most trying to pull her best burgla to respect her friend. He is Robert Conway, a huge political figure, who has been arrested and brought to a paradise on earth, Shangri-La. He is Dick Heldar, going to his death after learning his masterpiece has been destroyed and knowing it is now blind and useless as an artist. I can add Sidney Carton and Rudolf Rassendyll to this list. But here he is not a hero. In fact he does not know those who do not know - he kills one and almost kills two others. It does not matter that he is mentally ill - his behavior here is anti-social. <br /> <br /> For me Colman must get the Oscar for Heldar, or Carton, or Conway - all of the most common functions of its tasks. But the College has a long-term culture of taking atypical positions by awarding the lead members. Anthony John Colman is a very good performance, and at one time it's really scared. While alone with Signe Hasso at his home, he on the staircase with him down, they have to move. He asks that "Tony" to leave, saying he did not see him. He looks at her, her face does not stand in the way that she had never used before, and says, "Oh, no you!" He starts moving to the apartment, Hasso fears, and runs into his room. He stops himself with the leaves. In fact it is a real highpoint of its performance - even more than his attack on Hasso on stage, or Edmond O'Brien, or his execution for Shelley Winters. It showed his blindness of the blind. At that time it was (for me) the best performance Oscar. But it's just time. I am glad that he was recognized for the role, but he would have to get a reward for more effective performance. Its real performance in the role of Shakespearian Othello is not great, but it can carry. It also often allows the discussion to put his language into compulsory music (someone is wondering if it was due to the teaching of Walter Hampden, who probably knew how to handle a good role, or his response). Nowadays "Othello" is played by South African actress more often than white. Paul Robeson's brilliant performance in the role of establishing new values. But three of the most popular films of the movie are Colman, Orson Welles in his OTHELLO movie, and Laurence Olivier in his movie OTHELLO. All three actors of white performed a role in the black face. My three personal love is Welles, who seems to be more subtle. But even watching the films of Welles' film makes me angry that Robeson has never put his performance (including Jose Ferrer as Iago) on the film. Now the first question - can be the actors tied to the role? I heard different things about this. Other participants have agreed to replace their home from the playground or film. Others have found a role that they should stimulate, to convince them of a new cause of action about their lives or some aspect of life. But in fact I have never heard of anyone who turned out homicidal as a result of the role. It seems to be a model, a hackneyed model. In fact it was not a new idea in 1947 by Cukor, Kanin, and Gordon. In 1944 the "B" feature, BRIGHTON STRANGLER, with the star John Loder, had made the same plot as an actor who plays "Jack of Ripper," and who begins to do these kinds of killings after an accident affects his mind. There was an original movie in the 1930s, where the playoffs playing Othello gets jealous of his wife (I think that name was people who are not GOD, but I don't know). But from the name of Colman and his work, and leading to Cukor, it is a good life that people think when they remember this idea of ​​conspiracy. It even reached the comedy (finally) in the audience section, where Diane Chambers helps the former defendant who can perform talent, and they place OTHELLO on the bar, after seeing him kissing Sam Malone. Diane is the only one who is aware of the nature of the former suspect, and cannot delay the production for a long time (he is trying to start a conversation in the history and example of play). The DOUBLE Release Life was the first level, and the Cukor direction was as sure as it was. So the film is worth watching. But in spite of giving Colman the role of distinction, it was not his best work on the screen.
