The Legend of Dragoon is one of the most unknown games in which people can love or hate. Some people say it is very similar to other games, namely the Final Fantasy Series - which is understandable, since it was originally expected to be the same as Sony's Final Fantasy. Surely I can comment on more similarities, since I don't know very much about FF games. I think my favorite game game is a war system. Not only do you have the ability to switch the dragoon form, but each time you attack, you have to check to complete the attack and buttons at the right time. Not only, sometimes enemies will attack you back in the middle of the sequence, which means you should push different buttons to avoid taking damage. Even the use of certain attack items requires a bit of shack-shing. If you do not want to attack, you can always protect, which is not only reduced to any damage taken by half, but raises your hit points without the use of healing potions. <br /> <br /> VVV is very well-done, on the same quality as the ultimate fantasy 8. Even so, the graphics during the game play are not entirely up to that level. They are good, but they could — and honestly, should be - better. Translation also leaves something needed. It not only creates interesting questions of people's behavior, but there are also grammatical errors that should not be allowed to pass. Another interesting thing is that you lose the main party party - one dies, and the other is useless for the party and the leaves. When the death of one character is often said to be meaningless, it makes you realize early that the characters, during the heroes, are still as human as a second person. People who choose lost characters only get all their stats, so the game of intelligent transition game is smooth. Maybe my complaint about the characters is the love of the main character, Shana. She is the image of a helpless woman who needs to save, with a sense of driving the player crying and frustration. When you can use him in your party, he is very weak - I don't even know his strong strength, as I didn't like him very much I have never used him. Rose's character, by comparison, is perhaps my favorite female character in any game ever. He is not a wimp, and some of his magic gold is very important. Meru is also very strong, sometimes being sharp to speak. * The creators of behaviors were, as many were, liked to make female characters to keep them pretty or nothing, and they did not have many ideas for the real benefit of clothing. Hardly, there is no weapon and have many clear skins that help when you are fighting against creatures. But I will give them props, if they have women who serve as knights in different countries. I can't comment on the plot, honestly I didn't have much more attention than where I needed to go next. I don't know if this says something about the plot, or my gaming style. It's all fun, it's a very fun game. It has its restrictions, but for me I scored a good balance of having to think and just strong buttons and kill monsters.
