I am from Sweden and I found this movie and something that I thought was the same. I have seen a lot of negative views about it but you must remember that many people who look at these two services are located around the world and not just in the United States. Also remember that not everyone has ever heard the film made in 60: s and maybe not in events (murder). And even more ... that could be hard to find the original movie and if so always have people around that doesn't like black / white film. This feels pure and colorful and will find his public. It's 12 years old but I have seen it for the first time. I will try to get one of the first if I can separate them but I haven't seen anywhere in Sweden. Remove the internet but not anyone in the world. The thing here is that this is part of the US crime history and was great in 50-60: s only in America but in the whole world just passed and I think. It has been well reported for some time but 40 years later will open for an example of Europa going on. We had our own problems and crime so if someone made a remake of the film and put it back on another light it was not a bad idea. A new generation can take part of this awesome story and even a film about Capote released a few years ago the witch was a good film also I think. It will help increase the interest of events that happened 50 years ago and maybe stop falling asleep. It started with me and now I look at Robert Blake-version so it's not bad ... hu? This is my opinion. Other people certainly disagree but hey ... it's okay. Sometimes there will be similar to remake on old films. Its not always the old ones are good. The filing techniques create a lot of events and events can be made more if they want today. Its always a question of money. There have been many movies that were made in "good old days" but also there were money, bad directors etc., and they give them today (50 years later) and suddenly they are the same look. My friend found this box of an old movie of fear and s / f and I can't say that I was attracted to the good old days. Most of them put cold on the trashcan directly. They were so bad we just sat like the zombies ... could not move ... like a brain-dead. I haven't suggested to anyone. Some of them have seen me remake and I remember to love them ... but it's not natural. They were just angry. This is like the old story of who was the best Bond ... Moore or Connery ... I think if you see Roger Moore first looking for him to believe or if ... Thanks to me and I'm sorry for my English, that's not very good. / Lars from Sweden
