I saw this family film as good and fun even though I'm not a child. It depends on the idea of ​​a high school girl, Susan (Elisha Cuthbert) discovering that the elevator in her apartment on the top of the high-rise machine while the key on the key chain you got from a blind scientist has turned on the elevator lock. He learns how to control the machine (without any uncertainty about time). <br /> <br /> The film is not a false work of great science. You have to ignore the normal stereotypes associated with the past changes in time, that is, in the past, to change the family of 1881 Walker to be inadequate, but change means that the family has no financial problems, so Victoria did not want to tell Susan about the problems The money that his mother had, which means that Susan had no reason to change the old in the first place! But moreover, there is a good touch in the story, such as an old elevator panel, is found in the apartment of a woman hidden secretly and inserting the time machine, without having a chance to lock which takes time to feature the machine. As in many stories for children, we also need to assume that the child will not share the horrible information about a travel device with a parent or another adult but rather to hide a traveler of time. It also requires neglecting some of the bad events caused by unexpected displays and some adult actors. (Children's actors (Elisha Cuthbert, Gabrielle Boni, and the Port of Matthew) were all influential in their area.) In one area of ​​Americans aged 1300 they know Susan looking at them and photographing. But they do not register a surprise in the sudden appearance of the white, white-colored girl in a special dress. Their answer is to stop only what they do and walk quietly towards Susan. In this case the mother of India takes what is supposed to be a child but it is obvious the doll (her white skin and her head around). Timothy Busfield, an award winner who first came to popularity in the "Old Thirty Something" TV, offers some impressive performance, sometimes incomprehensible. On the other hand lost Michel Perron climbs as the manager of the Italian building, such as Richard Jutras in his role as our neighbor. The neighbor's name is Edward Ormondroyd, the name of the author of the novel film depends on.) I think that these problems may be a mistake or a director of a small budget. <br /> <br>> Despite these errors, I recommend a movie for children. In addition to interesting stories, it also has an educational value, as it says how much technology and social norms have changed in a little over 100 years.
