Richard Chamberlain is David Burton, a tax lawyer living in Sydney, Australia who has been convicted of the murder of five Aboriginal men accused of being killed by colleagues in Peter Weir's endless 1977 striker, The Last Wave. To take place where the Picnic in Hanging Rock has ceased, the film goes deeper into an unknown exploration and, in the process, shows the gap between the two cultures living on one side but they do not have knowledge of culture and tradition. Weir shows how white people believe in traditional beliefs as religious religions and believe that since they have lived in cities and have become "internal", their ethnic and cultural laws are no longer used. <br /> <br /> From the beginning, Burton is considered more and more detailed within a fantastic vision and logo network where the time line between time and "dream" increases. Water has an important role model in the film from the opening of the opening which the sudden rains and rainy rains break down the peace school break and Burton's discovery that its bathtub increases and the water gives its steps. If the abnormal and abnormal weather conditions continue with the rainy weather and mud falls from heaven, the difference between the simple scientific details of the matter and the deep awareness of the locals is clear. Burton and his wife Annie (Olivia Hamnet) books to learn about the Aborigines and learn about the role of dreams in tribal traditions. When she asked one of her clients Chris Lee (Daudi Gulpilil) at her home for dinner, she is disturbed to see that she is a discussion of Chris and her friend Charlie (Nadjiwarra Amagula), an aborigine magician who is involved with the defendants. If Burton's investigation is going on, its customers are doing its hard work by refusing to open the real events near the killings. <br /> <br /> After Chris started to appear in his dream, Burton believes that the Aborigine were killed in tribal worship because "he saw so much", although Chris refuses to acknowledge this in court. Burton, most concerned with the secret that he cannot open, says to his father's priest, "Why tell you that there is a secret?" This is a valid question but, according to the judge, the Church answers all the secrets. Burton knows now that he must know the truth for himself and intervene in tribal tribal caves. Although we do not know what is true and what is a dream, he comes face to face with his deepest fears in the haunting height that will leave you to contemplate its meaning in the morning hours. In this period of history which Hopi and Mayan's predictions are predicting "the end of history" and the sanctification of the man leading the World of Five, The Last Wave, although 25 years old, is still time. The Aborigines are portrayed as a powerful culture, not a man who has been beaten with a white man, yet I am concerned with a gnawing feeling that we are looking at but not seeing. Weir has opened our eyes to the secret that is on our perception of the truth of truth, but he develops the focus of the enemies that seem to be likely only in terms of fear, showing the situation as a dark and uncontrollable power without the beauty of the spiritual beauty that lives on both sides. time.
