John Cassavetes' 1977 Night The opening of the film is, what critics call a great artist song, 'ignored'. It is the best film, for its own right, and one of the best pictures of the midlife crisis that you have filmed. It is not a perfect film, for, at two and twenty-four minutes is almost half an hour long, and there is a great emphasis on the alcoholic behavior of Myrtle Gordon, played by Gena Rowlands, Cassavetes' wife, after a long time we have been assured . But only the masterpiece of Woody Allen, another woman, who also began Rowlands, eleven years later, is the best picture of the internal conflicts of the old woman. However, Rowlands won the best actor of the concert at the Berlin film show, and it was deserved. Often this film, written by Cassavetes, compares easily to its original and low films, Woman Under Influence, but it is comparable to evil. Rowlands's behavior in the film is very much intellectually from the beginning, including from blue, while its characters in this film and in Allen's film are all artists who face surgery. In this film is the spirit of a young woman who has been seen as a small doppelganger of Myrtle, while in the film Allen is its old history? Many critics have taken this film as an example of a drunk, seeing Myrtle Trees around with those powerful, as a manager of the steps he tells him, at the opening of the night, 'I have seen many of my drunkards at my time, but I have never seen anyone being treated like you who could stand. You are good! 'But this is correct, for alcohol is not his problem - nor his chain did not smoke. They are just directions from anything that influences him to his own destruction, and a lot of Cassavetes loan, as the author of the story, he will not only tell us exactly what is wrong with Myrtle, and in spite of his coming at the end, there is no reason to expect that he has completely decided something nothing of the results. This type of end without links to Cassavetes direct links to many former European directors, who were good at not revealing everything to the audience, forcing their viewers to reflect, even if it hurts. However, the film is fully backed by the effects of a drunk or a fever that raises out of the mist, and as a viewer is also involved in its ceremony. Although Myrtle Gordon saves, after the world of film irises on it is left for each viewer to decide, and if we have seen before the closing lid, the choice of a person is important.
