Watching the video of John Cassavetes, Night opening, I was reminded of what Quentin Tarantino once said in an interview about personal experience for being a creator of art or acting. He described the example of, saying, if he ran to the dog while having a way to work in a play that was not the end of his life but that would affect him, and that, of course, he would have brought this experience with him to action even if it was a light comedy . "Otherwise," as he said, "What am I doing?" I couldn't help but think of his words when looking at Gena Rowland's character, Myrtle Gordon, who for almost a week or so goes to a very similar situation. There is more of this in Cassavetes' film, of course, because it is about how the theater works close to the star actor, what emotion and human nature it means when you look at character play, and how one lives when each one has (like Myrtle Gordon) is near the theater. Near the beginning of the film, after the performance of the performance, Myrtle has signed an autographs with a fan named Nancy comes to her famous star and pours her heart to Myrtle. It's a little time you touch it, but it doesn't live as he gets in the car (placing it all with rain). Then he looks in fear as a girl, who stood next to the car when he drove, gets hit by another car in a car accident. He does not know what really happened, but it finds the next day in which the girl actually died from a hit. Since then she has been very happy with this even after she thinks it out of her system. At first this shows in a small way, as when he describes the event with his colleagues (played by Cassavetes) and can not seem to stand to be hit - says for a lack of depth in character (author: "What do you think play is not good?" "Hope, "says Myrtle - but Nancy begins to show him, the seemingly mertle situation is all true, until he came out of a sudden. <br /> <br /> Cassavetes, like in previous films, are after finding meaning to have feelings, feel really about something and feel, or lack of it, and how it affects others around someone. This is not a new foundation for the Rowlands, who has previously played a woman at its own edge in the Woman Under the influence (for this reason because of the alcohol), and was not the guest area at the expense of Ben Gazzara, who came only by star to kill Chinese Bookie. But participants describe everything important to their characters in each area; Cassavetes does not tell you how to get from A to B in the area, and do not need. There is a feeling in the Cassavetes film that uses the camera function sometimes. You know Myrtle, for example, should have content in some way, even if it's not a plot. But he haunted, and he is not worthy of the lack of his deep character and the sound of play ("Bearing, who is going to see it?" Asks the sports player), and begins to affect those around him. <br /> <br /> The question soon becomes though it's not unusual. A normal player can make a crisis' Will he be able to go to action, do you? Show will continue? ' This is not important for Cassavetes, even if it is there, such as 'Will he be right?' Maybe through a play like "Second Woman" can help her make her own sects and lose her on the truth (see Sara and fight in front of the total visitors, who wonder what hell is going on)? Or will it be a lack of hope to play causes everything wrong with him? The Rowlands's weight makes its behavior very tough and distracting, and it is expected that it does not mean that it is a duller than a woman under the influence- like anything, it's just like the film to be honest about someone in this work, and so other shows it is true, from Gazarra to Nancy played by Laura Johnson's trick. Cassavetes responds to his own questions is not easy. <br /> <br /> One of the real joys of the opening night, as well as seeing the great actors who make the script amazing, is seeing Cassavetes they love on the venue as she doesn't. We see play-made and it seems to play real - and we know just a little bit what it is. We see executives at the point of doing so, we are looking for the involvement in what is going on (corporate relationship and things with frequent abuse and domestic abuse) and preference for actors. I wondered how much it was planned well, the amount of Cassavetes was allowed for other executives to do in cases where Myrtle begins to go to loopy or, at the peak, completely beaten. He is on stage, too, so it must be something for them to work before and allow what happens to happen. <br /> <br /> It's funny, amazing, sleeping, and chair-seat, some of the best movies on the film, and we see the lines between the actor on stage, actress, actress and actor, blur together with amazing. The opening night is a good game that is full of real discussion about death and spirituality, truth and falsehood, where love is between people, and in fact, finally, 'do' what?
