John Cassavetes' 'Night Opening' is amazing and interesting; fantastic because it becomes more terrifying we have within our imagination, surprising because it does not give us amazing. For a very long time of two hours and twenty minutes, anyone who assumes the characters cannot take their eyes on the screen. <br /> <br /> The story of the actress actor, Myrtle Gordon, (Gena Rowlands) trying to put together for playing, fighting with his demons; "Opening Night" is not just about the woman at the end of the breakdown but also about the life-style artists' presentations and the exhibition world. All the Cassavetes characters here are skilled people who know about the world of sports; so half the film takes place at the stage, or where they do their work or back, where producers and writers and their directors do their work. <br /> <br /> Cassavetes are very complicated by its characters that this anger returns to the audience, but the audience in the movie. Because there are other audiences, in the movie field, who do not know what is happening and laugh because they think everything is working. And that's what it is; it's just that the audience in the theater can not see 'backstage' how we do. They have no fun experience of Gena Rowlands before going to that point, but more importantly; they don't know why he does as he does. I thought it would be difficult to be friends and actress. Myrtle (Rowland) says she is an actor and that's the only thing she knows what to do; and I think that if I had a friend who was a professional professional, it would be very difficult to tell him when he tells the truth because I would like to know he is an actor and can cheat anything at any time. Many things Myrtle does during a good film experience puts through it? We condemn if he is true; other characters also suspect. There is a writer, Sarah (Joan Blondell), who can't understand why Myrtle doesn't know the character he wrote for her. There is a director, Manny (Ben Gazzara), who can not accept the fact that his best actor can lose; producer David (Paul Stewart) who does not know where to stand with co-star Myrtle Maurice (Cassavetes himself), who cannot deal with the love they have for them. <br /> <br /> witnessed the death of a young man, fan; all of these comes together and affects Myrtle, but nobody knows if its deception is true. They do not miss anything because they do not want to discourage him, but the movie enters into a state of consciousness that Myrtle only admits. Sometimes, we can tell everyone that they have. At this time, the brilliant script of Cassavetes shows the sharp loyalty of cruelty to the words that the characters say in the backstage talk; and not just everyone who tells Myrtle but also what he tells them. Here are the people who are not afraid to speak their minds and change what they think, such as the Cassavetes' way of making movies. And in this regard, the exhibition is more important here than "Shadows", because the characters are involved in the big picture; A great story that comes from a few. <br /> <br /> But in another aspect, the real way to make movies, this film is not different from "Shadows". There is a good way through the Al Ruban camera takes characters. When someone speaks, the camera doesn't look at him, dismissing the person listening; so we can see how he is affected by what another one says. Sometimes they don't care, sometimes they are happy, sometimes they get lost. The improvement can still be there, however, among all these beautiful performances. Near the end, there is an unexpected area where Cassavetes and Rowlands begin to talk, without stopping. If this was developed or not what we need. We just have to look; and look both the exchange of life experiences and see the words coming true in the conversation which means much more than what ?? ?? It can't be more natural than that.
