Once he was suggested by Pauline Kael, never a fan, that Cassavetes did not think as a director, but as an actress. What Kael meant was the lack of his sophistication as a film manufacturer; take the same pattern, to me, it doesn't matter if Cassavetes leads himself to the film, he feels like Cassavetes independently within his own creatures, like Orson Welles. Cassavetes are as very professional as Welles, but more important as a true artist (as opposed to a technician or teacher). This is a cross between the Italian persecution (though Cassavetes was actually Greek) and the introduction of Scandinavia. He has never had an intimate, physical spirit. It is about the secret of being, doing, and acting. As a haunted record of Skip James, it has the concepts of ghosts around. The destruction of the Rowlands, which is interesting and close to the work, surprisingly coming from Cassavetes, is followed by a piano, unmistakable piano. Who is this dead girl? The probability of the metaphysical endless, and it is amazing to find this kind of object in the film of Cassavetes, just to show more of the mind (there is also a bit of high-sound at first). But then, he had a mind every day, he had never locked up with a simple character. This is not "Adaptation"; here, combining facts and lies with drama is not a clever but a demonstration of an internal shock and confusion. <br /> <br /> There is a lot going on. A pure, happy love while Rowlands is moving his door; scared when he blows himself ... Location where a girl talks about how she dedicated her life to art and music is one of the best performances to understand what it means to be a fan of someone. You can see some of these roots in the "Star Born," and Almodovar borrowed from the "Mother All About Mom". I think the latter is a bit of disappointment because of the appropriate laugh, but the leading preparations on it is almost a disease. (You can beat me, but I think the drunkenness, with his piracy, is a very small act of film.) As "Delicious Cherry," we are reminded that "you should not forget this is just playing." However it is dangerous: when Rowlands says that the line, do you? Is a good game? What will the audience do? What? Does he feel or does not pray? Its demolition (character) is included in the exhibition, and eventually the film, in such a way is to witness the woman James Dean. 10/10
