Yesterday, I went to the Antique Flea market every month that comes to the city. I don't really mind such things, but I went to the fellowship of friends who have the same intention. Looking over hundreds of suppliers, passing most of them quickly, I saw someone selling VHS taps to DVD. Most of the films that had a DVD were rather recently; The old man I saw was 1940 Cary Grant-Irene Dunne who was a partner of MY WORK. But the VHS zones, by nature, were many old films. I could not refuse to buy something since they were sold in the region for $ 10.00. What business, like Eddie Murphy used to say. I saw one film I heard for years but has never seen: John Cassavettes OPENING NIGHT (1977). Well, I wanted to be a fan of Gena Rowlands, and I have heard that this film has given one of its beautiful performances. He also had FACES (1968). I had seen this 20 years ago, when I probably didn't have enough experience of life to know well. And I wanted to take the opportunity to negotiate, so I caught him too. My other choice was KNEE'S KNEE (1970). When I got home, I decided to set aside the work I planned to do so that I could watch OPENING NIGHT. I was very interested in this film. It focuses on Myrtle Gordon (Gena Rowlands), a famous actor and screens, who, during outdoor city reviews, has personal and academic problems to discuss with all its characteristics and themes to play aging. After one practice, a fierce fan and the trick of autograph urges him to cry (with tears) of "I love you!" A few minutes later, this fan is hit by a car and killed. This begins the origin of Myrtle in her where she should face her aging fears, the future of her work as an adult actor, and the shortcomings she plays in herself (written by an old actress, played by Joan Blondell). In all the film, he sees a dead girl, a clear sign of his past; drink almost always; and receives basic support from its director (Ben Gazzara), producer (Paul Stewart), its cost (John Cassavettes himself), and a sports player. True, they are more concerned about how his behavior will affect them and their work: the flubbing lines on stage, strengthen new lines, generally erase the action, and reach the opening of Broadway to drink completely. This story does not only address issues of aging but also to promote the anger of Cassavettes and the usual decision of the film. As I watched the film, I was always surprised, confused, hated, lost, but finally involved, accepted, and satisfied. Cassavettes really had a great sense of humor, he was very concerned that his listeners understood what he meant, and wanted to be emotionally involved in the story. He does everything for ALL about EVE and the use of a bright fan of sports games, even wearing a little girl in a knife and a hat similar to that worn by Anne Baxter at the beginning of the film. This fraudulent work is clearly seen by emphasizing his head of aging, the difference of the old woman and the younger. He also uses the differences as a symbol of Myrtle to deal with his lost youth. At first, I felt that the mark was TOO open, but I realized that it was the intention of Cassavettes. They do not want his listeners to understand what he is getting; as they did, it would interact with their emotional involvement. This young spect is offensive to Myrtle, it visits him, and wants to destroy him. Myrtle finally "kills", but before he can join himself and play, he must be down (another death symbol?). So Cassavettes has been drinking so much that she can't walk and she has to walk in her nightclub to play on Broadway. He raises his own self (isolation from the situation is also important for the film's landscape) and makes it possible to succeed by providing good performance and changing the way to play better for the better to have the joy of hope for the old-fashioned behavior. These events are interesting and interesting. Cassavettes and Rowlands actually played in front of the live audience, who did and did not know that they would be part of the movie. The games they do also make a difference: they are normal and very sensitive to the issues they talk about, that is, until Myrtle changes its symptoms. In doing so, it also improves the work of its co-star. The evolution of the interaction of the interaction (found by means of reconciliation) among mankind, the reality of the truth, and the reality of the whole world - these were doubts of Cassavettes in making the film. Gena Rowlands is amazing everywhere. Of course, he has a very good face, and Cassavettes (too much in love with him during their marriage) makes us so close that we can also feel his feelings and that we know what's going on in it. He cares so much about this character that you want to see him working out of this spiritual crisis. And this is about 2 hours and 30 minutes. The film is deliberately faced and requires constant attention, but anyone who is interested in good film decisions and good acting will be paid. Another person said that this is a movie for people who love movies. All others are predicted. Search out NIGHT if you have never seen it. Everyone in it is best, and is one of the best Cassavettes films.
