*** from **** <br /> <br /> Yep! He is wearing to kill is that kind of movie. It's like California, but it's different. Remember? That movie from 1993 which star Brad Pitt as a serial killer who is "welcomed" by a few of the trips on a trip to California as a buddy who can be a good company along the way. When I watch the movie, I have always wanted to know anything about the deal, before you look at it, because the surprise you can get even cold. So was California. When I was looking at last year for the first time, I never seen that it was a movie to emphasize, so when I got it, I was shocked, and when the movie went on, it was better and I was on the edge of my seat, almost kissing my track, very close I was! So, we are talking about wearing to kill, right? Before watching this film (today!), I watched just two other movies from Brian De Palma, so I can say I don't know his work, but we can say from a distance that these two movies for me were just like they could be. Carrie (1976) and Mission: Impossible (1996). When I looked at Carrie on TV, I was eager to get a copy of the DVD and I can say: This movie is beautiful! Mission: Not possible too. And today, I watched the third film from DePalma. <br /> <br /> Well, dressed to kill is a movie like California. When the movie goes on, it differs completely from what you expect. I was looking, very curious, a museum area, where Dickinson follows a wonderful man on his cab and ended up together in an apartment room. You can imagine what could happen there. But when the movie reached the elevator area, the movie went completely differently. I was watching the remaining film, and I liked it very much. However, there are some lower points ... Other characters in the film are completely silent! Take, for example, a wonderful man from the museum area. I was always hoping he could say something but he never did! This was quite ridiculous and it certainly had something that made me change my mind by not accepting this film at least something like a jewel. Even in the cab area, where Dickinson is trying to apologize for what happened in the museum, the quiet man takes him, pulls him into the cab, and starts kissing him. You know, it reminds me of a series of Mexican television's 70 "El Chavo Del 8", where other characters are completely silent. Through these low films, in fact it's a great movie, based on doubts, characters and plot. Dennis Franz is cool as Marino's detective! Reminds me as Capt Carmine Lorenzo in Die Hard 2 (1990) where she plays almost one type of behavior. <br /> <br /> Well, to finish this comment, the end of the kill is the end as it is in Carrie! I don't know if I liked it so much, because I hate the sharing! I understand that Carrie is a movie from DePalma, so it's not really imitation, because after all it was his idea! But it turned out to be a repeat idea of ​​being killed, so DePalma could do something different than to show Nancy Allen rising from a horrible dream similar to what is happening to Amy Irving at Carrie's final location. This was, of course, of course, another step down. But if you go back, you will see that wearing suicide is a very good movie, and I assure you that it is not in any way, losing time to watch.
