"We are wearing to kill" is the best film of Brian DePalma, an amazing journey, humor and fashion that has not yet been done. DePalma has rap rap in Hollywood, as many people argue that it is stirring Alfred Hitchcock. He doesn't. Hitchcock can only dream of what DePalma shows in its exciting. Unfortunately, the original version of "Wear Kill" is not available on the video. The current text released by Goodtimes is Jack Valenti approved R cut. But other copies of DePalma's original ward are still there. It is one distributed by Warner Home Video, in the green card box with Angie Dickinson on the lid, or in the black case of clamshell and the poster poster on the money cloth. These are the findings, if you can get a copy. I have one of the green and among my precious assets. <br /> <br /> However, back to the story. Dickinson plays with Kate Miller, a woman who is confused with sex. Robert Elliott (Michael Caine) for his fantasies refuse. During a museum trip (a true-of-power tour for DePalma on the work of the camera and stopped), <br /> <br /> Miller is taken by a stranger. You can very guess what happens to him, since the advertising and art of the box provides a story. But there are several problems. The Kiboko (Nancy Allen) is the only witness of the murder. Kate Miller Peter's son (Keith Gordon) is a young expert who decided to solve the crime. And the answering machine of Dr. Elliott has a certain message about it ... about a non-existent lagoon. the last. This film is clear, however, enough for Valenti (head of MPAA) want to be reduced in the film. What amazingly I am what cuts he wanted. Several cuts in the opening area of ​​the opening and one or two hours of horror and some of Nancy Allen's discussion (Valenti wanted "cock" have been changed "bulge"). This is a film that is very violent and blood, but the restrictions are for sexual content. I would like to hear the comments of Valenti how to see the two women in the tender love of the area "Lost and Delirious" somehow damages more to the mind than Arnold Schwarzenegger dismissing people with a gun. Not just right. What makes the "Wearing Kill" is so good that it is not just the first-rate technology technology, but the exhibition is also very good. Michael Caine, who was in a lot of motion this time, gives one of his best performances as a doctor. Angie Dickinson is better than usual, maybe because she has a great responsibility here. Nancy Allen adds this to her various exhibitions which has led to as one of the most low and neglected artists in the world. Keith Gordon is wonderful as an expert and I loved all of his innovations. DePalma is one of our best directors who have never recognized its recognition. Recent laughter of the AFI 100's Best Thrillers list showed that very few people know what thriller is. If they were open to open their eyes at once, they would see that DePalma has led to its work in an exciting and in fact the best student. This is better than "Psycho". It is a shame that very few know it. <br /> <br /> **** among 4 stars
