De Palma's approach had been matched during this film, which is an extraordinary exhibition of his usual techniques, although unfortunately, like many films written by De Palma himself, the story uses more meta than the writing of the story. forcing emotional. The story is opening for the CRAZY area where Angie Dickinson blows the masturbates into the shower while looking at her husband. She is raped and raped when the husband is standing next to - and the whole thing has been revealed to be a fantasy of Angie as a man struggling against the bed. He has a short area with his son, a dead player for Harry Potter, which concludes with the joke that "will tell the grandmother that she plays with her peter." Then he goes to his medical session, where he complains about his dead marriage, before trying to deceive his specialist, Michael Caine. He rejects, and hurt and unpleasant feelings. Then it begins to braille 22 minutes around a non-verbal sequence that may be a film. Among the many things that Palma Collected from Hitchcock is to understand the film as the essence of a telling story story? and for example of De Palma, he returns this way to show his great skills. The problem, for me, is that in this case a person begins to feel that the events have been only a long time to show more the skills of the director. <br /> <br /> The sequence begins with Angie at the art museum. He looks at visitors, all involved in sex or family activities, then begins to turn to someone sitting next to him. De Palma says a very complicated story of the story without a single word about Angie's attraction, backward, and finally looking for and presenting a guest behind a taxi taxi, all of which have been marked with a wonderful score with Pino Donaggio, who also scored Carrie. In the second part of the Angie sequence is sleeping with the husband, and wakes up to her husband. Again De Palma breaks the tons of stories without a word of discussion, as Angie knows that they do not have her money, that her husband is already at home and of course she is wondering where, that maybe she is suffering from venereal disease, and that she has lost her ring around elsewhere in thanks . It is all very pleasant, but one begins to feel very little if we are forced to do things like taking a long elevator going down from the seventh floor, then up again, almost real time. <br /> <br /> ... Callers from here! When Angie reaches the seventh floor again, she is killed by a big red-haired woman. The woman takes her until she is on the ground floor, when the door opens and Nancy Allen sees her there. There is a good line of motion as Nancy gets to the elevator, Angie gets toward her, and the killer's string takes place in the hands of Nancy. Then follow the polling shots as Nancy looks up and sees a killer on a mirror mirror lift. It's all good, and when we talk again, you think; "Alas, that was only 22 minutes of the illustration!" Or maybe you don't, but I. Dennis Franz has a big part like a bad and hard detective of New York who would like everyone to do his job for him. He is in touch with Michael Caine, doing a horrible thing (though it passes as usual) that Angie wanted to be killed. Angie's son is also roaming, and takes Nancy, and begins to spy on a Caine specialist and find out who was killed. Once again there is a strong tie on Hitchcock film, in this case Psycho (such as Obsession is re-function of Vertigo). You have a woman who we should understand is a secret slut, who is killed in the first 30 minutes in a closed position, in this case the elevator instead of bathing. Then the relatives of the deceased conduct an investigation, indicating that the murderer is a man who dresses as a woman to kill. De Palma even throws the last doctor who explains the psychology of the whole thing. It is very interesting, but at the same time the viewer can begin to feel a little around, and that's my basic reservation about this film. It is obviously important to look at and show some of the big sets of De Palma, but the same feeling that the three-story story behind the need for De Palma to be displayed and his gender-based sexuality makes it difficult to look back on this one with a heart love all. See more reviews on my site of bad movies and good, Cinema de Merde, cinemademerde.com
