In France, it is considered to be from the French critics to consider a series of films of Brian De Palma. However, the best part of its films is destroyed by the effects of the bomb "Carrie" (1976), "Fury" (1978) "Scarface" (1983) without mentioning its borrowings from Hitchcock. Here, in "wearing kill", it is impossible to imagine "Vertigo" (1958) for a long chain in the museum when the key in lift makes it think to consider the sequence of anthology in "Psycho" (1960). About our film, I don't want to revive the old debate: Does De Palma remove Hitchcock? Instead, I would like to be generous and declare "dressed to kill" in De Palma's winners group with "Sisters" (1973) and "Obssession" (1976). Even though discontent with them was what I wrote earlier which is oil between De Palma's funers and his analysts. If there is only one point in "wearing kill" that can produce a general agreement between film lovers, it is De Palma's skill in leading. He uses his camera as a film expert to do. His modern camera function increases the intensity of the aggression which involves increased tension and uncertainty. The audience is easily found in front of the screen. This is supported by the use of long-term silence when everything depends on looks and signals. By the way, in "Psycho", there was also a long silence, part of concern ... <br /> <br /> But the main drawback in the 1980 harvest of De Palma is that the quality of the plot cannot be found wanting and seems to be rebuilt of many formulas, links related to the odd number of murder stories. This is the only witness of crime. Then, he is accused by the police and he must act on himself (with a little help from a man who has been found from the road to continue)) to monitor the killer and prove that he is innocent. Apart from the fact that De Palma uses a type of behavior that is once not completely destroyed, it is a list that is struggling to be reviewed. And the filmmaker completes his film on the appropriate sequence on the opening. Yes, it is done efficiently but when someone sees his real work, one figure: "is almost filling free". Perhaps De Palma wanted to stretch his film over an hour and a half while the viewer knows (and even before) who the killer is. <br /> <br /> Two text in the middle of De Palma's theme defines hinges on cheating and voyeurism. The last topic is well in "Wearing Kill" from the first scene that makes the film look like a soft film. And the film's non-film film and its main actress Nancy Allen in her underwear. I see his way on this topic rather than doubt. But perhaps the first sequence was created as a mirror viewer and De Palma wanted to stimulate his second side. I don't want to force all the work of De Palma. His prestigious career in the guide which includes treating telephonic films reduces the global vulnerability of his stories and doubts. Twenty-six years later, the conflict that gave the middle of the film girls was not ready to stop.
