Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) has difficulties in her marriage and otherwise - enough to see a psychologist. While her sexual misery is a problem, it also involves the actress, Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), who comes into the investigation to discover the diagnosis of a psychologist. <br /> <br /> Wearing to kill is somewhat important historical. It is one of the earliest models of modern exciting style that as this text has a way to expand through a hiding and searching (2005). It's odd then that director Brian De Palma was basically trying to sprinkle Hitchcock. For example, De Palma revives the section of Vertigo (1958) for an interesting museum museum. Wearing for the scenes of killing, along with his villain and death way to be similar to Psycho (1960). De Palma also employs the most famous and popular motifs in the style of Hitchcock's famous composer Bernard Herrmann. The comparison cannot end. But De Palma, whether by accident or skill, can make an oblique converter, or maybe adopt, influence, and wear killings with a view, structure and flow that has had a great influence. Perhaps partly because of this influence, dressed in killings is also very deep when viewed at this point in time. Non-regular directors have taken Hitchcock-like De Palma and honored it, and improved almost every aspect, so that now, after 25 years of exciting value, many of those wearing suicides appear to be caused by pain, moral and psychological concerns. The film that unfortunately has not been improved is wearing sex and magic events. Both Dickinson and Allen treat us with complete deception (Allen is from a very sharp horn), and De Palma has diminished shots of Dickinson's breast, severe masturbation, and more of the sex scenes of visceral than commonly found in modern films. Few events use a basic basic technique. I'm not a fan of ignorance - quite the opposite. Our cultural culture, simplicity, attitude towards sex and deception bothers me. So from my point of view, it is sad that the wearing of the emphasis on the body and its pleasures is one of the few things that others did not follow with the issue or complete the film. Perhaps it is needed, but it is not allowed to follow suit because of traditional control from the conservative shirts made. De Palma's direction of movies and staging of other events is also good enough to do something in the same style than De Palma does. He has an odd way, of a close character, and enjoys shots from interesting corners, such as wind view and follow James Whale as a track off in a set. Of course the future directors have been supporters, but it is difficult to say that they have been better. It seems to the effectiveness of the film, at least, the location of the museum is remarkable in its ability to create the trick of the trick on the gas left and the view or two when you follow Kate through the cubes full of shapes of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. <Br /> <br /> On the other hand, with a focus on the story, and especially if someone expects to look at desire, everything through the museum area and a little more may seem very slow and silly. Due to the removal of the main types of film and its primary concern and the panache of the recipes (with the cultural reality outside the film), the opening appears as a very simple attempt to defend and be dangerous. Once the first murder occurs, things improve, but because of the influence of the film, eventually the upgrade now seems a little and constantly hokey. <br /> <br /> Exhibitions are a lot of good, although Michael Caine is used, and Dickinson should leave earlier than we like (but leave it useful and very effective). He is wearing to kill is the least likely to hold your interests to the end, but because of the fact it is not found in the picture itself, it is not very well. At this point it is probably best to watch the film as a historical history and as a model - but it is not good, even at the time - of some of the De Palma leadership.
