"Groove Tube" was shown earlier in the video, in the "first movies" here in Boston. In one room, there were TV monitors at the top stations, and the old cinema movies, in small groups like the monitors. There were old fridge with Pepsi, and the York Peppermint Patties baskets. In the second room, a little, there were no seats, just big rivers. That was the 'smoking room', that is, the people got there. This action was only added to the video hilarity. I was a 'regular viewer'; The events I loved so much and remember to this day are: Koko Clown, Kramp Family Kitchen (Kramp Easy-Lube Shortening), Safety Sam / VD PSA, Chevy Chase player w / nude runs through trees, Finger Finger on what was finally revealed to be The woman's nude body. The final product was a very reminiscent of late, Ernie Kovacs wonderful. Now, I've lost many readers who are under 48 ("Who is Ernie Kovacs?") But believe me, it's amazing things. <br /> <br /> One reason I was 'a regular viewer' was that I, and my friends, would bring other young people 'Groove Tube' to see it. We want to stay and look for the faces of 'widows' as “Sam Sam” PSA could play. As the camera slowly enters into "Sam", we expect "OH!" to recognize on the face of 'virgin'. Every time it was more hilarious than the last. And then the 'virgin' will bring a friend to see the show, repeating what we did. To get this joke, you must watch the video. Yes, some of them are date, but many play, movies, television, and videos now. Just watch any video made in the 1980s. <br /> <br /> I saw "Groove Tube" in the theater as a film, the transfer of grainy from the original video. It was cut off, and did not have some of the previous top events. The first "Saturday Night" match, which was collaborated with Chevy Chase, made a quick statement, "that's a man from" Tube's groove ", so it was a Chevy predecessor. I can't look at the shortness of the sound without hearing the voice, "your hands with a large amount of Easy-Lube Kramp shorten ..." and consider the recipes of "Kramp Holiday Loaf". He always makes me laugh at Baking Baking Center in a food shop. The 70th was the best times; "Groove Tube" was fresh, new, and actually had "humor" of the times. It gave them a 'hip' generation, a humor that was not found in any form / medium. MJH
