I finished watching the groove of the groove which I saw first 23 years ago when I was a young man sitting on my bed looking at HBO and my brother and good friend. We were also looking at the Animal Animals before that we saw two movies that made SNL stars and they had a breast of honey. The good thing our parents were asleep at all! However, there were many wonderful and amazing things in this film which were as clear as the Brown's eye of Uranus Industries commercial ("for the flavor of the meat stew" says the advertiser like what appears to be caused by human white tube Ewww!) or the face of the puppet talking about VD (breathing and small penis and glued eyes on). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer held their films here. Chase is a surprise if you do a Geritan area with a woman who banned, with sexual hands in "Let Fingers Make" commercial, or sing "Four Leaf Clover" and author-director / director Ken Shapiro playing his hands on his head. Belzer and Shapiro teams in the movie "Traders", and on "One Channel Evening News" and a little wild to have Belzer as a black pastor trying to Ken reporter who plays Lionel here. "Lionel, it looks like a train that will climb like Choo-Choo!" Other desperate bits include "Koko Show" and Shipiro as hosting a clown hosting show who, after ordering "more than ten people" leave the room, reads his audience's requests as "Fanny Hill"! Or how about the Olympics and the German couple prefer to be approved by two men (one of them in Spanish) when they get clear when "Please Wait to" continue to interfere with the screen! Or an animated section on "Traders" which shows play channels after Shapiro swallow some marijuana! Not everything is very dirty. In addition to the skit of "Four Leaf Clover", at the end there is an exciting musical part with Ken lip-balancing his own memory of "Only You, Tu" while playing with a suit and handbag around the city and regularly soldiers (co-author). Lane Sarasohn) join. So, in this summation is one weirdly, funny movie which seems to convince others like film (Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie) and possibly Saturday Night Live (which made Chevy star first show) and, with some dated items, still can used today. P.S. When I wanted to hear Curtis Mayfield's "Top Move" during dancing / attacking the first series, I was wondering why you had a brutal chain with a woman who took her, driving from a car, taking a flight, and then having a naked person taken and a fighter who stood on the road. I think it's one of the '70s' things around the world.
