You know what they're saying about 70. if you can remember you wasn't there. One of the few things I have remembered over 70 years was the first hippie and hip social satire as shown from totally 'underground'or dealing with culture view. If humor appears to be uncomfortable or lacking now for other viewers you can simply because much has been done in the last 30 years and comedy is not 'clean' again ... but hey! When this movie came out it was the first .. and some of these skits were held for the first time ... when Nixon was in office, the Vietnam war was hard, the gender revolution was full. and J. Edgar Hoover was still in charge of the FBI. This is a film made before Watergate break and so it is one of the first to take a big swipe during the introduction. To enjoy it with hippies at the same time. And in fact, some skits are still dead funny. If you liked Cheech and Chong's "Up In Moshi". If you want to know what the 70 were like. leave out the Groove Tube. If you liked Oscar "Win" Web from the same year and consider it appropriate to mark it in its secure watch on TV, You will play the groove of the groove .. which takes the head but takes it from the spectrum of viewers. The small audience who were blocking TV for other stations .... We were honored on Ozzie & Harriet "Leave for Beaver", Father knows Best, Three My ... Happy days ... so imagine we are happy when those of us who were trying new styles of life had to see sent to the box as seen from our view! Uranus's announcement alone is very valuable. "Good things come from Uranus" .... and a sudden break from the film directly on the animation of Fritz's Cat style while hippies eat weeds are still one of the best problems in and out of sanity I had seen on the film. If you liked the Fried Kentucky Movie, you will love this film. And if you've ever wondered why your wonderful uncle Harold still gets evil in his eye when he thinks back to his college days ... this will be a perfect film look. Take what is .. memento of the time ... and a small sassy film that will help all of us who forgot 70 years to remember it again.
