"Once there was a beautiful country called France .... People lived happily at that time. Women were easy and men liked their time of love: war, just the citizens of the kings who would be happy." The battle in question was the Seventh Year War, and when he discovered that there was more than a dead body of soldiers than soldiers, employers were sent to fill the ranks. And so Fanfan (Gerard Philipe), was hit in the stomach for the daughter of a farmer in a bunch of grass, fleeing the marriage by entering into the Regiment d'Aquitane ... but for the first time to believe her future as predicted by the gypsy, that will win the reputation and reward in The King's uniform and will marry the daughter of the King. Alas, Adeline (Gina Lollobrigida) is not a gypsy but a daughter of an army recruiting army. <br /> <br /> When the charges Fanfan away from employers, saber with the hand to save the car under the attack, who should be inside but Marquise du Pompadour and ... daughter of the King. Now he has proved that he is raising up, in spite of the very low cut off Adeline wearing. He, in turn, will soon discover his own love for Fanfan. We have in the middle of an inappropriate movie of the fate of Fanfan, the adventures of the ribald of the fight against the sword and hard. There is a break from buttons, a sword on a brick roof, a battle of war, a romantic fight and a more contemptible than you can imagine. What Fanfan is not in Polish does for the lack of enthusiasm. He is the fastest rider of the lover and the lover of talking quickly, but with that faithless faith in his destiny and nature, how can we love him? Gerard Philipe was an actor and actor of the screens (who Francois Truffaut had repeatedly lost in Cahiers du Cinema). He did more of his own stunts. He was good, a good, intelligent and powerful. The men praised him and the women who dreamed about him. He died at 36, seven years after Fanfan, cancer of the liver. All of France mourned. Gina Lollobrigida as Adeline has herself. It is not the low guns that do its work. He is fierce, passionate, not guilty and no fool. Fanfan's Tulipe is singing only with the endless stages of satiric, the nature of the nature and nature. Exciting stimulation, interactive talk. After Adeline has taken steps to save Fanfan from execution, he meets the king in his personal quarter. "Give me your good hand," he says. "But my heart is Fanfan," says Adeline. "Who is asking your heart?" says the king, "All that I ask is a little fun." "I have a beautiful girl," says Adeline. The king says, "You should be honored by your reputation. You love Fanfan. Then I thank you. My passion lets you show the greatest evidence of your love, by betraying the trust you have promised." Now this is wise, wonderful things. Jean-Luc Godard, Francois Truffaut and the rest of the New Wave group liked to hate popular movies such as entertainment (and they beat their attacks). The Tulipe Fanfan and its director, Christian-Jacques, were among their main goals. They may have missed the reference to Fanfan, which is a very interesting satanic about the meaning of the forces and war. How it should be possible to make angst movies that only his friends could understand. Thank you for some of them, Truffaut and Chabrol, for example, removed this children's gossip and came to realize that a good movie is a good movie, though such a citizen or cognoscenti. A good person who enjoys movies can know anything, if movies are done well. Those engaging in movies according to their popularity are like submission as those who boast they have never read Harry Potter. Jean-Luc Godard, eat your heart out. Viva Fanfan!
