This is the last of three people of the swash from France I intend to watch during this Christmas season: others (with observation watch) were not recognized by BLACK TULIP (1964; from the same director as this but not the same), wonderful LADY Oscar ( 1979; which was originally as Japanese manga!) And beautiful CARTOUCHE (1962). Actually, I had watched this not so long ago on the eve of the night of Italy and remembering that it was not exactly entertained by it, so I was really surprised and how much I enjoyed this time around (also considering the poor appetite shown on The film here and elsewhere was first announced as a DVD released from the Criterion. Unfortunately, the FANFAN LA TULIPE is very similar to CARTOUCHE preceded: not just delegates and delegates (manufacturers Georges Dancigers and Alexandre Mnouchkine, film singer Christian Matras, actor Noel Roquevert) but wise too? In fact, the hero is an animal soldier (Jean-Paul Belmondo of Cartouche also had a short military spell) who is loved by a hot girl (in this case, gypsy Gina Lollobrigida) when she herself has been considered by love is impossible (here, no one else except the princess)! As in the future film, too, Fanfan (who was apprehended Gerard Philipe who, surprisingly, is very full of life here that someone finds it difficult to believe that he would be hit by cancer within 7 years) facing two who love but are afraid (one of them is actually his chief officer and the father of the heroine) and contrary to the uncomfortable figures within his own array (Roquevert patient, who eventually the hero enters into the petition of the roof since he also has romantic designs on the gypsy girl)! ; for the record, Lollobrigida will come again with Philippe in his next film, Rene Clair's fantastic will of romantic love LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952). FANFAN proved to be a great box-office on his home home and even copped a wonderful (but well-worthy) Award of the Cannes Trends of most popular films like AN American IN Paris (1951), DETECTIVE STORY (1951), OTHELLO , UMBERTO D. and VAPA! In fact, its popularity had to be reopened in a computer version (perhaps for the benefit of the audience who could not touch the black and white feet with ten feet) and the Criteria DVD itself has a sample from this type; that it is clear the name of foreign language, there is also an amazing choice of English voice called dubbed but, even though these have proved not painful to stay in focus, all time is said to be made, there is no natural alternative! FANFAN LA TULIPE (nickname given by the Genevieve Girl and the Lady of the Geneva Page as Mr. Madam De Pompadour) refers to comedy such as (expected) and romance; while others may find this amazing, uncomfortable as I enjoyed very good details and, in general, this combination is similar to the same wound of Jerzy Skolimowski THE ADVENTURES OF GERARD (1970). That said, the fighting of the sword here is very strong for the core business that has a positive focus (especially the bone in the forests and engaging in the museum meeting) and the film itself rather than adults sometimes (with many tips for gender and language commonly adopted at the time of looking back to the price of crop yields as I did now; The climax, then it is very intelligent: enemy forces (who, for amusingly, are used to talk to gibberish speed!) are explained by our heroic trio alone, to the surprise of the king who, as shown by Marcel Herrand? is known for his role of the leader of Paris under Marcel Carne's PARADISE (1945) ?? he himself is something of lecher. <br /> <br /> P.S. The Italian Television Center has threatened the CHAMPAGNE protection for SAVAGES (1964) of Christian-Jaque for a month now but, despite a third-party program (with a four-sense transfers planned for next week), has not yet shown; however, I have three other films of her in my VHS pile that have not been recognized (similar to a nursery from an Italian night night study): three hours of LA CHARTREUSE DE PARME (1948; also appears by Gerard Philippe), THE SECOND TWIN (1967) and LEGEND OF FRENCHIE KING (1971; and Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinale).
