Why a stupid, boring film, crappy overrated film series like "Star Wars" gets all the hype, and a truly amazing film like this goes completely un-noticed. It is more ... this movie really opens your eyes to the dark , disturbance, sadness, and the horrible world we live in! <br /> <br /> Unlike the awesome “Elephant”, this film is not one of the “only ordinary days until some movies stimulate” movies. focuses on what happens after the event ... Deana, played with Erika Christensen very hot and very talented, enjoys and healthy - student with good friends and a good life ... up to ... she was killed on the day of shot, by shooting the head .. Luckily he is not killed, but is very injured and must be in hospital for a while, causing him to have a lot of emotional pain, with physical things ... At the same time, Alicia, also played with the most intelligent and talented Busy Phi llips, it is bad, cold, cheerful, insulting, goth social girl who does not have one good reputation on it ... and she doesn't hurt when the shooting happens .. because it turns out, was friends and shooter and knew she was going to do what she did. .. which makes him brought to the police station and asked some questions. When he refuses to tell the fighters if he knows that shot will happen, they always come to his house to try to persuade him to say something ... and still does not, so the head of school makes him attend the funeral of one of the dead students, and after walking on it. The chief decides enough, to force him to visit Deana in the hospital. Of course he rejects too, but the chief says that if Alicia doesn't believe, the fighters will continue to try to make him say something and so he goes to see him ... <br /> < br>> Lonely, sad, and both physically and emotionally injured Deana is more than happy for h The person you visit, but of course, Alicia is nothing BUT is pleased to see. Deana tries to give her a welcome welcome, but in fact, Alicia does not answer anything except pain and pain and the pain of how she is just here because she is forced, and does not intend to be friendly with her completely. But sooner or later, that will change ... (and that's what I will say.) That is one of the most exciting movies, with one of the dark and exciting. True, I think I would connect this with the "American History of X". if it bothers the same as moving at the same time ... WARNING: Look at this movie for your own risk! It contains many pictures and pictures! Movie EXCELLENT and unknown crime! I feel so ashamed that I am so good who knows about it!
