This is the story of the Example of Winchester 1873 "Guns on the West" For the farmer, illegally, a peace officer or a soldier, Winchester 73 was the possession of the treasure. The Indian could sell himself to have one ... Winchester 73 is the first cooperation between Anthony Mann's director and actress James Stewart, the duo that will continue to create the most effective runners that added a new depth, deep psychological to type. The story sees Stewart as Lin McAdam following a man who killed his father. As he entered Dodge City with his faithful friend, Johnny Williams {Millard Mitchell}, Lin enters the Netherlands Henry Brown {Stephen McNally}, a man who wishes. But with Wyatt Earp {Will Geer} after taking all the rifles from those entering the city, all men can not have a shot that is ready. Men instead of squares in the winning winchester 73 rifles, the competition that Lin finally achieved. But before the departure of the city with a great prize, the Dutch promotes, steals guns and flying the city quickly. As Lin unfolds to implement the implementation of human beings with guns, the gun will exchange hands several times, and each time you add another dimension as a count of days to all. Too much symbol of what is known as "Western Psychology", Winchester 73 is essentially the story of a respected man who was run by the destruction of the last border to the past event. Tho shot in black and white {one alone of the western duos which was a) the theme is still relaxing for the eyes. Tone installed and opening area like Lin and Johnny on horses, and in silhouette, calling on the hill as they go through Dodge City. It was the first step that would see Mann using his vistas as a way to run the same with his emotional characters. Stewart offers its best and intense performances as McAdam, showing once and for all that he was one of the American actors and more supporters. Help support is not too bad. Shelley Winters is the best as the only woman between machismo, while Mitchell, McNally, Geer and Dannyye always head more class in the case. There is even a small part of Tony Curtis and Rock Hudson here, tho's last play the brave Indian is extending far away <br /> <br /> The movie's film was a project of Fritz Lang, who even had a script already run. But Lang came out, something that was a blessing to Western fans. For good as a director that Lang was, and Mann leading {and with a new script from Borden Chase & Robert Richards in hands} has put wheels in the course of changing the course of that kind. Not only was the extra effort that Mann & Stewart produced, but also for those who motivated. The love of Budd Boetticher, Nicholas Ray and Sam Fuller were all writing, and gladly for Western vendors, followed suit and carried a psychological torch still. <br /> <br /> A great hit in the box office after the release, Winchester 73 is a good film that still comes punch in modern age. 9.5 / 10
