"Winchester "73 marked the first western series involving James Stewart and director Anthony Mann. Like many of Stewart's hero he has a strong edge that threatens to explode at any time. The name means "one gun" a thousand for a competition at gun shootings in Dodge City on July 4, 1876. In the city comes Lin McAdam (Stewart) and its top High Spade (Millard Mitchell) side is in Dutch Dutch Brown way. (Stephen McNally) for an old dastardly act. They arrive at the time to see Marshal Wyatt Earp (Will Geer) riding the girl Lola (Shelley Winters) out of town. It turns out that Dutch Henry is also a city to shoot the gun. Lin and Dutch Henry running for a popular salary with Lin win but Dutch Henry takes Lin's gun to run. Lin and High Spade Trail Dutch Dutch in a country where Lola encounters with her terrific fear Steve Miller (Charles Drake) standing at a US riding camp waiting for attacks by Indians led by Young Bull (Rock Hudson) who has found a guns of interest to kill gunman John McIntyre. He had weapons for cheating Dutch Henry on poker. Young Bull is killed during the attack and the gun passes to Steve. At the same time, back in the ranch, Lola and Steve meet with the most popular gun waco Johnny Dean (Dan Duryea) who kills Steve and takes a valuable gun with Lola himself. When Dean meets Dutch, he allows her to return his "gun" to the future. In the town of Tuscosa, Lin kills Dean as Dutch Dutch plans to hold the bank going bad and he will run in the mountains with Lin in the track. In one of the best final outdoor shot, they both meet in the final match. I believe that this film is just one of Stewart / Mann's partnership that was hit by B & W.. It is best to be photographed, especially events in "wider space" and in particular, final destruction. Stewart play against a kind, plays a hero and a revenge of the revenge, the emotions he could do in the future movies and Mann <br /> <br /> Like in the United States as much as in the West, this finds himself a refugee of seasoned veterans. and players of the day contract. Apart from those mentioned above, JC Flippen is seen as an army of horsemen, Steve Brodie, James Millican, John Doucette and Chuck Roberson as various characters, Ray Teal as a sheriff wishing Duryea, Tony Curtis and James Best as rookie soldiers and Edmund Cobb , Chief Yowlachie and John War Eagle in various roles in the Dodge City sequence. Normal West for every word word. It had the responsibility to reproduce Stewart's work as a star of action.
