This story emphasizes the common picture of good and evil in the manner of brotherhood against brother. The main character, Lin Macadam, played by James Stewart, represents justice and justice. His brother, who works under the Dutch persona, Henry Brown, played by Stephen McNally, stands for coach's coach of the club's stealing goals, dismissed by his brother for killing his father. The world story takes place is west of dystopian west where the only way to prevent its residents from killing it is to take off their sidearms quickly into the city, and the person responsible to keep this law and order is the western western Wyat Earp law. It is also a typical western model, such as the Indian fighter, the fighter of the fighters, and the girl hit by the bonnet in distress. <br /> <br /> Another important archetype in this film, which gives the film a name, is a custom made by the Winchester gun. Weapons can be viewed as a claim for awards given to those who do things with respect. Once it has been stolen from its rightful owner, it brings a disaster for everyone who communicates with it. In this sense it resembles other icons such as the holy grail in the Raiders of Lot's Box, and the letter caused by blood in Rescue Private Ryan. This gives the film a feature of surgery that is usually not from the west, unknown species with esoteric symbols. <br /> <br /> In fact it is a retaliation film, it shares this feature with many other types of forms, such as Jack Arnold's Name No on Bullet, and Unforgiven of Clint Eastwood. There is also a head of rape technique in Winchester '73. Waco Johnny Dean, one of the film's strikers played well with Dan Duryea, arrested the woman after killing her husband. The finger of the cowboy's finger and the swift man, and sent him as a cat's car to put in with the insects before cutting his head. Waco Johnny Dean finally gets what comes after contact with Winchester's gun. The main story of Winchester '73 reminds the story of Jason and his quest for gold, as described in Apollonius' Argonautica. Both stories relate to the acquisition of something sacred that has some kind of invisible quality. Like Jason, the behavior of Stewart climbs from one adventure to the next to find one-of-a-kind prize. Another theme in Winchester '73 which is similar to the story story is a struggle between brothers. Several ancient stories are related to this issue, as the Hebrew story of Cain and Abel, and the story of the vulgate of Romulus and Remus. In the case of kidnapping and rape on an Anthony Mann film, it is in many of mythological works, such as Europa rape as described by Ovid in its Metamorphoses. Winchester '73 is a good example of the western species, and works as a goal related to many ancient American and ancient mythological states.
