One of the most west of all time! But this, unlike many others, has nothing to do with nature, horses, bullets, etc., but instead it deals with one gun, Winchester '73, and how this one gun affects others and how they affect it. Guns are not alive, breathing, human, right? You may have to trust that you don't. But it seems to have its own ideas, for two very similar reasons: it returns to its rightful owner at the end, even though all of it in the whole picture, its unsuspecting "owners" are trying to make it improper, and does not appear to be content until it returns its original, therefore, unfortunately, uninvited "owners" seem to lose some way or be killed trying to protect it and put it, until the return of James Stewart, then it's "content". But, not all of the owners deserve it. Stewart does, of course, since he won. McNally don't, for he had to become a dirty thief and steal. Drake definitely do not, because he would lose in another game of poker, and moreover, Drake is very fearful to fight, why should he have one kind of gun if he doesn't even use it? Duryea do not, because he is just maniac chuckling, and we all know that chuckling manicks should not be a gun. This film has a black edge of West which only West can be, such as the Ox-Bow event. The West has their black, very different colors of 30 and 40 film Bogart. It is, hands-down, better than all the west of Stewart-Mann, although my personal favorite is "Bend of the River". The other four were much different than this. I don't think it's unfortunate to see that the other four were colored, and this is black and white. This is because of the black edge. All five films were retaliated and the dark period in Stewart's part in the film, to the point where this is not just the dark side of Stewart, but also the type of behavior, not one of the mentioned in credit, but one that you can only recognize and know that there is, always now. However, this is not just a revenge and the back of the dark, but also the issue of great risk, and the characters who were very different than Stewart make it more than four in all spheres. But Stewart can't cross the line. He, however, walks the line between light and darkness. This is the reason why black and white played an important part of the film. They could all be black and white, or they could be colored. But this is black and white, and the other four are colored, and there are very good reasons for it.
