The largest figure of the life of Wyatt Earp and Bat Masterson, and the specters of George Armstrong Custer and Sitting Bull, voted on Anthony Mann's most attractive director at the first and James Stewart. Although Stewart's retaliation of his father's murder is a basic story, Winchester '73 is a joint piece, with a single weapon, with one of the owners of the paint, including a wry businessman (John McIntire, especially great ) and prosecutor Dan Duryea, who is more despicable than usual. The combination of false and historical films produce a fascinating speed and ambivalent sound for action and the action of Mann beaten, under an effective text. The subject of the psychological disorder and the current decision is faced with this long-standing problem of good men and evil following the fabled gun, but they are very visible in the vignette about the husband's fears and failure of reconciliation, and are described in Stewart and string talks Millard Mitchell. Mann's use of the environment is what keeps away from other western writers. Instead of looking at the vistas from a distance, he brings them into the game as characters who turn, to be difficult, or to promote the humanitarian objectives. Like mountains, caves, and grasses had to be counted in the Naked Way, here the gun comes from the middle of the rocky rocks and the slopes of the little mountain, the physical barrier that covers the work of the winner and the victim between the same skillful fools. (I would have been aware without realizing the contribution of cinema film William H. Daniels, especially his favorite day of the night, a clear picture.) Not only a good manpower, Mann shows a clear picture of Wyatt Earp-patrolled Dodge City, basically through to test multiple birds. The shooting competition does not depend on the old camera or speed changes to the effect because Mann knows where to put the camera and how to make it to show a huge density of information in the shot released. Then he doesn't care about hiding a conspiracy in the discussion, depending on the eyes of the executives or a well-chosen image to convey the pieces. One part mainly uses to describe his perspective: Mitchell says about Stewart's motivation for Shelley Winters, which is interrupted by gunfight of the fighting which soon shows it all. Light without a strong feeling, the edge would not be shocked, Winchester '73 seems to be more sophisticated than his people and it's fun to see.
