In 1942 the MANHATTAN TALES film told a set of non-related stories, but they were closed with men's wear suits. Each story began when the "tail" was passed from one owner (Charles Boyer, for example) and another (Ceasar Romero). WINCHESTER '73, the best film, and many western, has the same problem of conspiracy. At first it is about how Jimmy Stewart wants Stephen (Horace) MacMahon for the fury of death. But during the film two men entered the shooting competition, awarded (by Marshall Wyatt Earp - Will Geer) to be one of the new Winchester guns. Stewart knocks out MacMahon, but the gun is stolen from Stewart, and the expulsion is up. Guns pass by hand, including John McIntyre (as a proud businessman who does not know when to stop being proud), by Rock Hudson (for an amazing role - that), by Charles Drake, for Dan Duryea (like Waco Johnny Dean deadly and psychologically), for MacMahon. Finally it returns Stewart. The film is directed to the management by Anthony Mann. Each character has a variety of experiences. Duryea gets a real gun on David's dead body (Duryea causes this issue). But he loses for MacMahon, who is faster on the uniform - not that Duryea is stupid enough to fight the gun. When she and Shelley Winter watched MacMahon at a distance, Winter (who saw Duryea killed her old boy friend Drake) gives her trouble for a gunman for a short time asking why she lived with MacMahon's abuse for a gun. Philosophically, Duryea explains he can wait. Some opportunities will come later (ie, when he can kill MacMahon safely and restore the gun). <br /> <br /> Anime is very strange human. Winters first looks like a grandmother's grandmother Drake, but she sees the worst side bad to him - a non-apologizing side. Drake knows how to lose this, and helps to cause its damage. Other characters have a real touch, such as J.C. Flippen as an army army who is fighting the Indian attacks and a friend of Steward and Steward Millard Mitchell. Yes, and with a fellow soldier of Flippen - Tony Curtis. Flippen makes a person believe that the soldier has been on the battlefield a hundred years before, since 1861. The supervisor had expressed feelings in another film. In the life of wonders he showed the degree of anger at times, and also the nervous breakdown when he thinks everything wrong with his life. But here he showed the wrath of the demon - at the expense of Duryea who was surprised (who would normally show the same anger). The parts of this film are very well aligned, under the hands of a capable Mann. This is the west that is never worth it, as the audience sees Winchester's trips.
