Western tradition is similar to the broader position, definition rules, inevitable stories, trust in the power of the hero to create his own destiny, to avoid its history. These behaviors clearly indicate the American sense of independence, self-esteem, pushing boundaries and boundaries, and why genre is still described by the right politicians. For some of the best titles (eg Wellman, Hawks), the West had a healthy neuroses or real concerns. Anthony Mann changed it all for eternity, and this first entry into that type is one of the violence, clear, hard, not to say the West made forever. The traditional Western tradition depends on the hero who shows good beauty, whatever he had in the past, the order of justice and justice, who directs the film, removes its restrictions, adjusting compromises for effect; with a clear villain, who constantly, surprisingly, gives a conspiracy, makes a hero in certain actions. The difference between these two is often described as very easy as wearing a white or black hat. The background of Mann was in the film film, antithetical of the variety with wide space and hope. Noir was charged with neurotically, considering the destruction of the unstable protagonist, where values ​​are moral, the hero is often hosted, bound into the inner labyrinth of his own decisions, the victim of impunity. Noir is about modifying progress, interrogation and rejection of signals and representations, not their creation and confirmation. <br /> <br /> WINCHESTER 73 faces a common concern. Noir is often seen as a psychological type, looking at the head injuries of the main character. 73 does it too, and it is another very confusing thing that the protagonist is good, home to Jimmy Stewart, starting here his heavy Mann and Hitchcock films. In many ways, good-nature and sweet, representing the right and trying to restore the damage to the natural order, he is also close-lunatic who leaves anything to retaliate, which his mirrors desire Ethan Edwards in SEARCHERS in human sleep, whose values humanity is disturbed by this effort, and whose violence is scared to witness to the truth. <br /> <br /> As in the night, his concern has a psychological basis - unlike many healthy outdoors (killed) their father, McAdam's father was killed before completing the process; dismissing his brother is the revenge of the moral than the protest against the rapid growth. The lungs are not cathartic: McAdam finds himself in a normal society, as he saw only some of the sudden fear of the world. What is so much about the film that is not really about a hero or a villain even a little, but a live piece of weoponry which gives a step. 73 it opens with a rifle of the preference, displayed behind the glass window, when his lovers are beaten, beaten, not found, written, embracing. In all films, human power has been reduced to non-narrators - they do not change their names; Lin and Dutch shoot because they have no gun; Communities lose their moral power and their experts are trying to get close to madness; forces should ask for help from Confederate visitors to fight the war; a person deserves only respect when he says his name; another person has been exposed as a slick when he leaves his wife to the Indians; The gun has characteristics, strength, skill. It is not a retaliatory plan that gives the film, but the story of the gun; this drives the film due to normal expectations, and builds beauty, separating, feeling modern. We are involved in a retaliatory plan that when we follow, with a gun, quite another conspiracy, we hear a little confused. This emphasis on guns, a powerful masculinity symbol, actually allows for reflection on the penis, revealing non-meaningless rituals at the expense of society and order; capitalist capitalism; Indian-dealers who cheat all the suppliers and the enemy; fear; psychological killers; before the return of its 'true owner', the hero who has completely broken is the victim, who has been as a murderer as he seeks. Guns are never found in the name of its owner, not only because there is no permanent owner, but because there is no permanent masculinity, anathema awareness of the traditional Western. <br /> 73 consciously welcomes Western stories - Wyatt Earp, Dodge City, Horses, Civil War, West wide open - just undermine them. Earp has the proposed attribute which is all but unveiled - Dodge City is not safe for violence than anywhere else; Horses do not have (Custer has lost only a little horn) and the fear of war is shown to be useless. The plain Western story is a very conspicuous plot, an inevitable, round-cycle that strikes its characters, refuses to enable them to create their destiny, but allows it to build them. <br /> <br /> Elder John Ford Silhouette of buyers on a great mountain is reprized, but the sign here is not developed but repeating and rounded. But for all its construction, the film also appears clearly in a few Western ways. Mann's triggering technique enters its camera into an important position, changing the opening position and careful observation, and making the doors of the saloon and guides seem to be alive and living.
