My most popular type of film is west, it is only true of the type of film that is native to America. And despite Sergio Leone, no one does as an American. <br /> <br /> The top right of my ten-western list is Winchester 73. It was the first pairing with the black and white only white corporate director Anthony Mann and actor James Stewart. It was a very popular film which Stewart decided for a percentage of profits rather than direct wages from Universal. Many of these actions were followed by players, making them rich as witches who employed them. Anthony Mann to this point had done more pictures of B, black items without a real budget. Before Winchester 73 Mann has done a good western with Robert Taylor, the Devil's Empire, which does not get enough credentials. I'm sure James Stewart must have seen and decided Mann was someone who decided to cooperate with him. <br /> <br /> In this film Mann also founded a small stock company as a Ford Ford way. In addition to other Stewart in the cast as Millard Mitchell, Steve Brodie, Dan Duryea, John McIntire, Jay C. Flippen and Rock Hudson will be seen in later Mann movies. It is a simple plot, James Stewart is desperate to find a man named Dutch Henry Brown and kill him. Why can't I say, but so far we have never seen the cold temperatures from James Stewart on the screen. Anthony Mann reached the heart of Jimmy Stewart and pulled out all the demons we were afraid of. <br /> <br /> Hate is best displayed at a good time towards the beginning of the movie. After Stewart and Sidekick Millard Mitchell are destroyed by Wyatt Earp played by Will Geer because the gun is not being done in Dodge City's Earp. There is a shooting competition for the Winchester rifle in Dodge City and a favorite betting is Dutch Henry Brown, played by a dangerous by Stephen McNally. Stewart, Mitchell and Geer enter into the saloon and Stewart and McNally are synchronized with one-on-one and reach the missing weapons. Look around Stewart and McNally, they say more than 10 pages of conversation. Another behavior Stewart enters into the film is Waco Johnny Dean who plays with Dan Duryea who almost steals the film. This may be the best Duryea session on the screen. He is a psychological killer of psychology who has been killed as to draw the left diagram though he has two games six guns. One person Stewart meets the Shelley Winters who the pastor has stumbled on Duryea's bridge and killed. Its best events include Duryea who has taken his fancy. He plays for a while until he can get away from him. I think who eventually tracks? <br /> <br /> There are amazing displays in other small tasks, no vinegar scores in cast. John McIntire as Indian Indian trader, Jay C. Flippen as a grizzled army and Rock Hudson got his first notification as a small Indian leader. Even John Alexander, known as 'Theodore Roosevelt' in Arsenic and Old Lace has a short role, but surprisingly as the owner of a business center where McNally and Stewart leave a different time. Stewart made the eight film together, five out of the west, and were ready to do the west west, Night Passage when they fought with Mann came off. End of good cooperation that produced high-quality films.
