"Addictive" is the adjective I have often felt when talking to certain TV shows. Recently, dramas like lost, heroes and broke the prison have found that explanation. However, as compelling as they can (and they are true) I can wait a few days before seeing the next section of any series, even the Prison Break which some people have declared as "24 new". With all due respect, he can not have something like that, and for good reason: no other thriller of screen-screen depends on the exact time structure. That's what sets off any show, and that's why I have to look at the whole season (on DVD) in seven or less days: once a frickin hour starts, it is impossible to eliminate. <br /> <br>> The period that events revealed on one day was the trademark of NYPD Blue (and recently, Deadwood); with the entire season of the last series of 24 hours, the exact (real time is 41 hours, the remaining 19th is taken by advertising when the air show on the telly), it was the biggest idea of ​​regular TV since Hill Street Blues introduced abnormal story (a must-story story today). And actually paid. Surprisingly, the original series of series was making it around the wedding (fortunately, the creators Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran realized the structure was more suited to the ambition of the plot), perhaps the first reason to find the hero shows The fun situation: look very relaxed, Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) enjoys a chess game with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert) and, after a minute, being tender and Teri (Leslie Hope), a wife who has made reconciliation. As in The Sopranos, however, an unexpected and surprising thing lies behind the corner: Kim is not just running out of his room, Jack also gets a call asking him to work right away. Midnight? I'm so scared: Bauer is a CTU agent (Counter Terrorist Unit), and his master has got a thorough intel on the possible hit in the life of David Palmer (Dennis Haysbert), African presidential candidate and America who will be in Los Angeles for the whole day ( oh, sure, almost I forgot: the events occur on the President's Day. There is no time to dress, then Jack uses the next 24 hours to work. Unfortunately, he has a tendency to ignore the protocol, and that doesn't fit well with George Mason (Xander Berkeley), a good member of the Department who has been asked to interact with the operation. <br /> <br /> The program is very dense, making a hard show suggesting to those with short-term caution, but anyone who wants to watch will be given instantly: writing is bright and accurate, cautious in detail, and doubts are at the top of the sky, especially thanks to a real time trick that increases the level of adrenaline. Another kind of experimental experiment is characterized: most of the genres (sci-fi and thriller) performs only set up key players and then clarify the future (eg training is CSI, where development is The character is small, but it resembles a unique style of show, where the first 24-seasons offer the perfect rich, among them Jack (the best role of Sutherland - ever!) and Palmer (real show show) comes from being has been fully explained after only one part (which was divided between work and family, nonetheless but humanitarian, of the last and most honored). Several parts of support of the position (Mason and Tony Almeida in particular), but two things should be considered: a) this is the first part; b) there are many viewers even cannot complain about "flaw" or two. After all, how many network plans can start with a conspiracy, a non-explosive boy - and still have satisfactory material for the whole season? Chaka, tock, tick, tock ...
