Among these comments here before me, I actually agree with Edyarb's. Myths and script seems to be able to be funny, but though managing in some points, in other areas failed. You can see them wanting to make a dragon, but no one in the laughing audience. (Also agree with Edyarb's perspective on the last characteristics: leave it immediately or make it cool, but not what they have done now.) I enjoyed it; it was a good entertainment for the night and definitely didn't feel like losing money to get a ticket. The best joke is those who go a little out of expectations and are mature, as well as the character of Luke Wilson Matt asking a super chick "P * nis or bed?" when he told him he could "take him a new" after a wild night on the bed, abstaining from breaking the bed and leaving Matt pain. I can, however, agree with bgs1614, who says that the film can get a 'R' - it did not have anything in the film to justify it. Some of the sexual acts are, but nothing is clear, just a few, and no dirt. (Maybe he was in prescreening which showed more ...?) I'd like to compare this with two recent movies I went to see without any expectations: Superman Returns and Click. I did not expect anything from one - I was a great fan of the original Superman and the movie trailer just showed it as a possibility of chauvinistic (which I do not resist) film. Superman was amazed and I really feel good (goosebumps!) About seeing his first heroic act, like seeing a lost and happy friend over him. But for other information I would like to look at my Super Ex-girlfriend, at least gives some surprise. Click again was a surprise of TOTAL, better and more than a trailer and five minutes away from being the best movie. Jokes also work better than for an old girl, both concerned with the highest ones. However, the only reason I have likened these three films is that they are the last three I have seen, within a very short time, and also because I have gone for all this without any expectations at all. I'd like to select Click, Girl, Superman.
