In this paper looks like the main concept: Average guy on the rebound up to the tight bookish museum curator, who is actually Superhero who saves the world from time to time. However, director Ivan Reitman and author Don Payne (the "Simpson's") next to the evil oil to have their hero G-Girl (played with an interesting Uma Thurman) come as a general work of nut like both superhero and hidden identity persona Jenny Johnson. The movie even cops for this in a conversation between Jenny and Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) following saved by G-Girl from the Statue of Independence. Jenny asks diligently Matt what G-Girl like. Matt answers, "He's a kind of nutty?" I think the intention of having Jenny (Thurman) be the only woman, who has no one in her life, has been separated from her physical powers. Thurman is doing better, but Jenny is a very nervous situation with the growing demand for Prozac. Luke Wilson is a very breathing way in the role of being transformed by a girl and a beautiful girl. "My Girlfriend Ex-Girl" is also a victim of the wrong time, coming to the end of the "Superman Returns" tail which has Superhero directly on, so to speak. For all his quirks and improper writing I still thought "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" was interesting and enjoyed the movie. Given that this is the movie Ivan Reitman, this can be very good. Reitman begins with a good premise, and destroys the truth. First, we all love the hero. Here Jenny and G-Girl are really all right. This is amazing for Uma Thurman, who is usually a charismatic and powerful forward. At first Jenny / G-Girl is very clear. Amazing. Because if there is a woman who can play Superhero, she is Thurman? He looks good. Just toward the end Is his Jenny more compassionate, rather than caricature. Although "My Ex Ex" is not a good story of a story, rather than a romantic comedy of a kind, it does not provide what every mythology of Superhero requires? Super super villain. Here we have Professor Bedlam aka Barry (Eddie Izzard) who is actually a bad lite. He is not Luthor of Lex. There are no Global administration plans. Bedlam instead of Barry holds hatred against the G-Girl, and depends on it relates to their previous partner. What is it you don't know who you would like to spend time with Bedlam or G-Girl? Matt Wilson's Matt is just a "dude" who happens based on a psychological superhero. One of the worst things is that he is dealing with his very best friend Vaughn (Rainn Wilson doing the wrong). Wilson sometimes plays very little, and this eliminates its beautiful charm. This still works, in the comic sex area of ​​Jenny. Matt when you love Jenny / G-Girl knows that she has a love partner with Hannah (perky Anna Faris). So how does Matt break the G-Girl? In fact, it's not good and for the most part of hilarious. <br /> <br /> The amazing Superhero movies is working. Romantic comedies and chemistry work. What can be complicated natural is the sherores of superhero hidden as romantic comedies. Everyone loves the hero. However, the work of the hungry hero? Maybe not. With all the talent of Uma Thurman can not accomplish this by convincing. And she doesn't have enough help from Reitman and Payne. Thurman and Wilson have enough charm and the presence of survival failure of their stories. "Super Ex-Girlfriend" is fun and fun. Although they were given to all involved, the movies could be good.
