I must say, if a fan of BSG wasn't quite sure to think of this show. I saw it on a big screen on the Arclight movie tonight (as part of the Paley Center Surveillance), and the creators and films spoke after the ward. Ron Moore said 'they wanted to make a fresh break from Battlestar, and to do something different, and that they would lose other fans but hopefully they will find others'. <br /> <br /> Even without their conversation, I am now a fan of a new show. But here's what I thought about the film. It was very good. I think I'm really sci-fi (or 'syfy' - do I need to write that?) Geek, because I would like to look at this as a series. It has a powerful and rich story, and it continues to be an interest. It starts with a small group of young people who planned something, which I was a very weak part with a good mix. Playing "Ben" should give us more information in its strong convictions. "it seemed a bit, but she was playing a boy (and I'm sure not the only one who thought" Zoe "was a cylon at first, the risk of being BSG geek). If they expect these will be a new Bamber / Helfer / Store, they may want to renew it, it is adults who have performed the attention of the audience. Eric Stoltz gives a stellar performance like Daniel Greystone, a man who is interested in his family's tragedy that jumps for the first chance of his departure and does not let go. He is doing a terrible and exciting job of presenting his worldly computer skills and people, especially in an area that surrounds his young daughter's web site, traps him, and throws him out. There is no sign for all 'serial killer' who played on the Gray Anatomy, who works very interesting. It looks like it's not close to Paula Malcomson as his wife Amanda Greystone. He is wise and well written and played well as a part of Stoltz, and I really believed they were a couple, and a couple who have been together forever and have a good relationship, something that hasn't been seen today. I hope to see what happens with this family, and hope they give her as much to do as Roslin in BSG- she is strong and strong and when she gives her baby, you beat, it's too big. Not to mention his eyes, which can hold the magical power, so is it. The area he takes a government agent - a very short area, but he played well - gives you an idea of ​​his potential. Another part of the show that hasn't worked 100% for my events with Esai Morales, and a kind of mafia type. He does a good job in general, but I do not believe this power of strength, not fear of their threats. I found myself wishing that this whole story of the whole story was very strange and difficult to think; how it is presented almost to the glory of God, they touch you on the head and a little. But over time, I can see how this will continue to be an interesting thing of 'Upstairs / Downstairs', and a few poor (Morales et al) against rich people who dominate the planet (Stolz et al). And being honest, I was happy when he was talking to his son about the nature of their name - that was a very good place to play. Remember the fans of BSG, the boy playing 'Willy Adama' does not seem much like Olmos, but he is just a child. If he or she has more reputation than he was in this film, who knows? I'm sure he couldn't say. But it did not treat me, because it was not as surprising as anything else around it. Polly Walker plays 'Sister Clarice', and she sleeps and abnormally everywhere she sits. I am not sure where he will go or who will live with him, but I was very impressed by his acting. In this film was a kind of side, but it is clearly introduced to play a very important part later. He is nothing like his character in "Rome", something that I always lure in the participants. Very good - music is much better and less obvious than BSG, although it is similar to the person doing, Bear McCreary. It has a haunting and odd way that has taken me to surprise, I would like to buy this if I got the opportunity. About the 'panel discussion' after the show, it was hosted by Seth Green. Ron Moore was very intelligent and describing, David Eick was losing his wisdom (such as his video videos), Esai Morales told a long story about how he was beaten, and Eric Stoltz was very interesting and did not answer questions (but I always had something for him. its). Paula Malcomson was tough (took Seth Green to work wrong with saying '24'), and the girls who played Zooey and Lacey were two lovers. Grace Park and Tricia Helfer were there too, answering questions about how they did events to make themselves on BSG. It is generally a wonderful and wonderful evening. <br /> <br /> I show a show of 9 out of 10, and I am very happy to watch it all. <br /> <br /> NOTE: I just watch this second and really hope they will explore what HOLOBAND previously did for. I don't know what it might be, but it really holds my affairs.
