It all starts with suicide. Or is it a car accident? I think it all depends on whether you choose to start beginning or end. Director Gabriele Muccino gives you the ability to enter his new second version every seven way you like starting at the end and using his way again at the beginning, showing the event of events that led us to that 911 mobile phone. This is one powerful movie; maybe that's because I am a lot when you come to the dramas of this ilk, a decrease in time weight and a full crash of great displays, but any way, the film works better when it touches me really, when it takes back to my back of my head after leave the theater. And this comes from a team that has given us the transfer, access, and not all of the Pureuit of Liberation, so I will only say my expectation was reserved for great destruction. Despite all this, though, I had seven Pounds from the opening of the way until the credit path was hit. Although you know what Will Smith's behavior is doing, the secret message is trying to complete it, that is the way it fulfills its brightness of brightness and stops the smile full of tears at the end. > <br /> Our entry point is a little jarring, and leaving us off-kilter trying to understand what's going on. Thomas Smith has a list of names, one of the people we don't know and one of the people seems to try to follow and explore. Working with IRS allows access to these visitors by photographing in their lives to see if they deserve the gift they are able to give? Gifts that can completely change their environment. He calls a friend of childhood (Barry Pepper) and reminds him to do what he has promised, not a second guess his decision because there is no change in his thinking. Even in such a small role as Pepper, you can not help but feel totally sadly held back, hanging on everyone's head. It is his character, apparently perhaps three times, which actually involves the first emotional level taken. Its destruction, like tears of tears and composed or head to the hands of the hands, showing the bond of these two men is one that stands the test of time and any situation coming up. <br /> <br /> After that call, it starts the journey to meet new people. Thomas is a kind of mission to help reduce the financial problems of people who have died, trying to remain despite the heavy burden of medical bills and life. This development takes many turns, from the "blind, blind," businessman who is happy to see if he can make him get; for two-patient patient-hearted patient, can not publish its stationary line, or even run with Dane General Duke; to a tyrant and fearful mother of Latino, and also afraid to leave her boyfriend; for a hockey dying coach which leads to the faith of a damaged youth community; for a young boy who needs to transplant bone fat. There are people who live with pain and future inevitable and hopeful and desirous day-to-day behavior, and there are those who try to beat them by cutting horns and spending their money at the expense of those who need to leave the fashion. Why is it for Thomas to spell the mixture and find those who deserve his "prize" for the first time, that's why this man, has been seen in a decline as aeronautical engineer with a good wife and a big beachfront house, now lives in motel , to drive a car, go to the door to the door to verify for IRS. As he says, though, "he is a kind of obstacle in work". <br /> <br /> Smith's efforts as Thomas are tall and painful, angry during transparency and tenderness. As a person who has the means to help, he takes his work seriously, crossing unworthy people and testing those who believe they deserve a degree degree. If it means that he must shout and make them feel, he must do it. For each step, however, you see the pain in his eyes, the pain of eating himself, taking every step towards his destiny, one as a saint of redemption, not only for those who want to help, but also for himself. It is an award-winning performance and I just wanted Smith to make more dramas like this instead of its winter blockbuster actions, because, during the fun, this is very good for them. This person can win Oscar before it is made or will be dangerous for at least in my mind. <br /> <br /> Other cast are stellar in the board. Woody Harrelson as a blind trader is a pitch-perfect disability and a happy life. His embarrassing smile and belief in humanity comes around, if it is on a phone call, sit in diner to eat his pie, or piano on the beach, play for all who will listen. Elpidia Carrillo, as a abusive mother, is incredible, demonstrating a difficult transition from pride and fear to be completely destroyed by the kindness of a stranger, allowing her family to finally be safe. And Rosario Dawson shines like a young woman who was "hot" at once, beaten and broken for a long stay in hospital, but was given over life life to find love and happiness. It is the introduction of Thomas Smith who opens his eyes again to be a woman, a free sex creature that can survive without fear of what day it will be.
