Seven seven, this was a movie where I was sure that Will Smith is actually going to "I will cry" the film. One thing I can give him a ton of credit, one can cry. My only thing is, like moving as a story, Will Smith has often demonstrated that he can act, why does he take this very bitter story? But still it's a good movie. I must agree to make me cry, but I felt that the outward performance was Rosario Dawson, I love this girl, since I saw her at 25th and Ed Norton, I knew this girl would go away. He is beautiful, attractive, happy and talented, he cannot wait to see how his work will continue further. But he and Will Smith are not sure if they would have a great chemistry which the film needed would have made this a good film. Two years ago Tim Thomas was in a car accident, which was caused by him using his mobile phone; Seven people died: six guests and his girlfriend. Year after the fall, and after leaving his work as aeronautical engineer, Tim provides lobe lungs to his brother, Ben, employee IRS. Six months later he gives part of his liver to a child care worker named Holly. After that he starts looking for more candidates to get help. He gets George, the chief hockey coach, and gives his kidney, and then gives bone to a young boy named Nicholas. Two weeks before the death they contact Holly and asks if she knows anyone who deserves help. She advises Connie Tepos, who lives with a bad partner. Tim goes out of his house and goes to the motel inside with his box of jellyfish. One night, after being beaten, Connie communicates Tim and gives her keys and acts on her beach house. She takes her two children and goes to her new home. After stealing his brother's reputation, and identifying himself with his brother, Ben, he looks at the candidates for his last two contributions. The first is Ezra Turner, a vendor of a blind man who plays the piano. Tim calls Ezra Turner and works to recognize him if he has a quick temper. Ezra stays quiet and Tim decides to be worthy. He then contacts Emily Posa, a self-greeting card printer who has a heart condition and a strange blood type. He spends time with him, gardening his garden and making his usual Heidelberg printer. She begins to fall in love with him and decides that if her condition is getting worse she needs to make her contribution. <br /> <br /> Seven matches are a good film and of course it has a look at the look, I would just recommend going to lease vs theater. Will Smith come in good performance, but not much better, many films are needed to cry everywhere, but the end of him is doozy. But I liked the end, it was good and really made you grateful for life and never get a chance. There are still good people in this world and Ben's attitude to remind you to know life and give it to those who need it most. Although he went a little farther, but it was still a good story. <br /> <br /> 7/10
