This film is one of the best shots I've ever seen - and if I make it important to be in a great film, I have seen a lot, especially why the industry sees "better." I'm not a fan of Monaghan. His work in general tends to be attractive and interesting to me, his only good performance, so I try to avoid his films. I did, however, happen to see this in the film a few years back and was completely cut off. This director knows what he is doing. Of course, you're going to get trolls (or just ignorant people) who don't understand what makes a good film and cooked for a low budget job because they don't know what's coming in. But incidentally, from what I have seen, they are few when it comes to this. Let's say that the film did not have a budget job, and that two actors of support can still work, because that's true. The value of production is very small, but what can you expect from the first real film from someone still in school? To make time for the budget does not matter. If you are taking a little step, the sound quality (which is not actually the fault of the film manufacturer, I saw this on the concert and the sound was good ... I assure anyone who made the DVD itself has grown), and the truth was shot in mini-DV then what are you left? Stories, visual and spiritistic film, which are not lost without losing. Nanavati can tell a story. That's clear. He can write a heavy script, heavier involved more than many Hollywood people, creating a bullet list that fits perfectly the story, bringing it in an amazing, creative way, which was a high budget, could win a prize. Give the most experienced administrators, after the best production of sound, and 35mm instead of mini-DV and even the troll can not complain. This girl is amazing, and remembering that Insomniac was made a few years ago, she has done amazing work since. The Trailer of Dreams of Angels shows that, and I can't wait to see the top things the budget has done. 9/10 stars, this is one of the movie's movie from hell one of the film manufacturer.
