first, the person mentioned here that for this reason was given a lot of "less" means that it should be bad ... that's exactly the "five" studio studios of Hollywood love everyone to think so they can "pass" or "ignore" features that do not suggest , without losing face or thinking for self-control. in fact, this production has been given "less" because it is considered "unpatriotic" by some people. Now I liked this feature completely; I see the best way then "Charlie Wilson's War" even if it is a "false story" of something that "never" happens but it is always heard. This goes to anyone and everyone who is attracted to foreign US foreign policies. foreign, "home" or "domestic". The country of "turakistan" and "city of emeralde" is definitely trying to try to resemble Iraq and Baghdad as a corporation "Tamerlane" is going to "haliburton" (with Vice President Dan Aykroyd playing Dick Cheney, LOL). The stability when the movie is so bad, it's not even exciting (the main example will be like the character of John Cusack deals with his depression, but not just). I have found that all characters can be connected to something / person or different types. now the word of advice; if not political, especially on the "globalization", you may not be happy with this feature largely since its content and in "joke" focuses on "features" that are not "closed" to the public on a daily basis ... The main discrimination will be the Hilary Duff which plays the well-known stars of physical things, I need to say the name (S)?). in its CORE feature is a gig anti-globalization, period. The message is provided free of charge. Joan has a line with one step that might be like this: "and here we have a book written by you know who, how I won the world and solve the issues with my dad". The brother plays well together as always, such as "Grosse PointeBlank" I would say a little more "mature" .Marisa Tomeihere does not show the butt and breast to "attract us" (as he did recently "before the Devil knows you are dead"), but rather it has a very important role, and can remove it well. Most experts don't know (can't do it, or don't want). this is not an ordinary "movie" but more than comic document. This feature stands to deliver a message and not get Oscars, or have a "show" type of viewer access to the latest "HDTV" purchases "TV sets ... I've seen even in my local papers this movie gets bad - because it is not "artistic", while the Iraq war films Iraq get to the fingers well for being "horizontal" and looks "involved." makes a person see how much the world's media is put into the hands of a young man. .. bet bet this feature will show hit abroad and much more then it will be in North America. as I said earlier, it is all satire about foreign policy of the United States and how it has been destroyed by the "special interests" of the United States and "US" troops wearing the company's "Tamerlane" brand on her clothing The fight is very good But it works in real-life situations, or recently the way to go away. <br /> <br /> Some of the PRICELESS shots: on "freedom", the country is facing business advertising; hilarious area about how future journalists will collect "information" ("anything should be better then x-box buttons"))); soldiers who handle their "confusion"; Overall, I do not recommend this to be "characters" or "hard-core" of some sort or other feature.This is not done to achieve the "spirit of" people (like common propaganda and commercial interests always tries to do it). There is a well-documented message for journalists, and towards some ideological "visible" goals of ignorance.
