Brand Hauser (John Cusack) is a killer of CIA. He orders to go to the land of Turaquistan, a nation that the United States has "free", and kill a businessman named Omar Shariff. This is because the American group, Tamerlane, which is putting the country together "will not stand for Shariff, a fat man from a neighboring neighborhood, placing his own pipeline through a war-torn Turquistan. But, once there, Brand comes into trouble. One, he meets with a journalist who decided, Natalie (Marisa Tomei) who wants to tell the people of America the story of "real" of the regional crisis ... and of Tamerlane. But, Brand is very bad to realize that Natalie's face is a beautiful face and a sharp mind at once and no matter what compels her to lose her goal. Also, his coverage as a host of a business hosting the king of the pop-up, Yonica (Hillary Duff), who will be married at the meeting center. He is a young boy whose wedding plans also turn the attention of Brand off to future killings. Despite other unnecessary constraints, Brand will do his job, with the BIG's boss's Tamerlane boss, former vice president (Dan Ackroyd)? Good to you, John Cusack, to make this film, though not quite good. To shoot in Serbia, it is a good look at what Iraq today should be like, the country turned down. In the beauty stroke, the green area here is called "City of Emerald" and precisely, since this area of ​​Oz-attempt tries to eliminate the destruction of war going elsewhere in the capital. The beat is very good, and Cusack works fine with Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others supporting him in fashion. Duff, in particular, is changing very much like a very, very professional, very well-conceived, mouthed. Baghdad's full battle of war is true that it hurts when dress and other production standards are over-notch. As for the script, it is not always a partnership but it certainly has a dialogue with a great exhibition. For example, a young Turaqui boy offers a Brand display to hide the enemy, instead of money and sweets. Brand offers money but, because it doesn't have candy, the boy drives his car anyway. Brilliant! Then, too, the focus is not the overall success but not too often. No, if you have conservative protests, maybe not like this little film. But, if you have a clear mind and want to see the view of the “war against terrorism”, this is a very good display. Therefore, efforts to look at it, if you support the film's representatives who choose to make the films away from the old label studios.
