In this weekend 4 July is the heart of seeing the spirit of the Independent Living and Good Declaration on the film "War, Inc" As our fathers were founded they gave their joint hand to King George III, this film shows hilarious war-craven The battle-profiteering and current crop of capitalist creeps who are interested in indecently giving birth to the state, and include self-war itself. <br /> <br /> Posted in this completely satire shines. John Cusack is amazing as a droll, collision of the company killers, and Marisa Tomei good is as good as his love interest. (My gosh, "George Costanza" was right.) Marisa Tomei is very interesting! But it's the sister of John Joan Cusack who stole the film. His pastor's explanation, but at the same time, a helper, a personal assistant is worth, and more than once I cannot stop laughing at his performance. He is not the only one who enjoys the comic time, his face shows whether a person can desire an actor. Dan Ackroyd, too, has a short time, but it is very good, he came to the film as the head of the war company, Tamerlane Corporation. He sat on the "throne" with his pants under his fingers, Ackroyd even looked like a donkey clown who now holds one of the true power seats. You will need to think hard to recognize that person. Most of this film was held in Bulgaria, which is why we can see the real military equipment. (You know only that the US army will not work in making this solution to fight the war.) I was very pleased with the character of "Omar Sharif" played by the Bulgarian actress Lyubomir Neikov. In one area where he is on the dance floor with Marisa Tomei has a few lines that can monitor our foreign policy focus towards foreign leaders we place - and delete - with power. , this film will not appeal to everyone. If you believe that the ongoing privatization of our foreign policy, military, intelligence and analysis, prisons and restructuring system, public health, and many government services are a good thing you can't get a lot of this film. If you believe, however, to destroy people and countries to add to the bottom line of organization is disgusting I think you will find a lot to appreciate in this film. There is nothing that can concentrate on the Spirit of Liberty which should stretch well on destructive power.
