In this stagnation and 'soft' of the war, John Cusack has Brand Hauser, a murderer who was sent to 'Turaqistan' to take Omar Sharif, who is making a oil business that will say to the former Vice President of the United States. In addition, Hauser must know his false position as a business producer, wedding for the king of the pope (Hillary Duff), and Liberal journalist, Natalie (Marisa Tomei). technical issues: <br /> - Acting (for the main characters, at least) was good, as expected. Some of John Cusack's conversations were obviously not written because he often seemed to be worried to say so. . . maybe the wrong is more accurate. Joan provides good performance, and often hilarious. Marisa Tomei, when I have never been a big fan of her, was more suitable for the role and function well. Hillary Duff, however, was very good. They need to attract the Middle East (or Russian, or anything proposed should be) the pop star. Unfortunately, they walked 0 to 3 with him. As I said above, these texts seemed to be very complicated and incompatible with points, especially John Cusack's discussion. Not much, mind, but some. The story also had a surprise on points, which are good for satire for action, but it took a completely new level here. Luckily, Cusacks and Tomei set up a good, quiet approach, and make a good mix of fatigue and transparency of the characters. Joshua Seftel, who had previously had a real drought credit in his name, did a good job with a broad spectrum film. He made a small budget (10 million dollars) very well, opening it to make it look more. Seftel also managed to combine the humor of the story. . . as well as painful and hard-to-look areas (including civilian slaughter, etc.). In addition to the overall satire goes, their surveillance over the sale of war is very good, especially the 'Golden Palace Poker' advertising on US tanks. For points, it becomes very little, but, at the end, it still fit what is going on in the style of 'Mel Brooks'. <br /> <br /> Overall, the film is very well for a small budget and is definitely worthy to watch. It will not descend as one of the great cinematic satires, but certainly not the worst. <br /> <br /> 7/10.
