The first film of Joshua Seftel - satire of memorable numbers - it's just about if the head suggests: Companies affecting War. The video is about mercenary (John Cusack) who goes to Turaqistan (not real country, fyi) to help the American government 'get their message' to Turaqistan leaders. He meets with the journalist (Marisa Tomei) and we all know what will come from a man of the alone + writer of fire. Somewhere in the mix, the pop star named Yonica Babyyeah gets thrown. Since Yonica is marrying one of the most important people (the president's son), a small part is created where the soldier must look at this star, well. The film begins with the only Cusack in the bar; no more than fifteen seconds later, the film attracts you. Despite the fascinating and exciting awareness of terrorism and politics, the film time is struck by you. The film has more stages than I anticipated, and a constant battlefield, a good fight against the murder scene. Although the story is not deep, all simplicity makes the film perfect for all ordinary people and critics of the same film. <br /> <br /> In the last act of the film, the simplicity of all turns very hateful and jumbled. I thought it was well closed, but some did not agree, and I could understand why. Leave after being misleading what is the end is all, and as many films, it really hit / miss the situation. Regardless, three journalists in the film (Mark Leyner, Jeremy Pikser & John Cusack) did a wonderful job to create a real and leisure satire in today's situation abroad. Joshua Seftel does his best to improve the film's integrity; not to reduce the material for most films (which I was afraid would happen). Seftel made the film perfectly as a man can: created a powerful atmosphere, which all explores the bright reality and destruction of cartoonish; - they have a completely uneven - plus making the film feel like you watched it all. Seftel actually makes you participate in all stages and pays completely. Nothing wrong here. We look forward to taking more leadership, since he is one of the directors to watch.
