Deanna Durbin, Nan Gray and Barbara Read are "Three Smart Girls" in this Universal film since 1936, which sells Deanna Durbin to film viewers. Also star Ray Milland, Mischa Auer, Charles Winninger, John King, Binnie Barnes and Alice Brady. It is a sweet story about three young women, who live in Switzerland and their abandoned mother, who hears their father (Winninger) remarry. Since she had not seen her 10 years and knew their mother still loved her, they boarded a ship to the United States, with the help of the landlord / tomato, decided to leave the wedding. Recognizing that what is required, called "Value" (Barnes) is not something but a gold player is supported and reduced by his mother (Brady), they arrange for him to be brought to the rich Numbers. This is planned by their father's accountant (King). The person who chooses is a long-term alcoholic (Auer), but girls miss him for a real wealth (Milland). What a mess. This is a lovely film, not a lot of clothes or sugar, and a good show, especially with Auer, Milland, Barnes and Brady. Young women are good and all are doing a good job. Stress, of course, is about young Durbin, who is a natural actress and a very good singer. In fact, his voice as a teenager is even more than it would be like an adult - he has no trouble with the above details, as he did later because he put too much weight in the middle voice. He sings the "Il Bacio" that is interesting at the police station. One of the most beautiful things about the film is to see the father, played by Charles Winninger, don't want his children around - even when he sees them and knows them. Barnes as a gold miner is not too small, but the girl's mother is looking up the way up there, so probably she was an old man looking for her youth and a very attractive, attractive woman. In fact, he finds a young man he wants in his daughters. <br /> <br /> Universal offers Durbin a great star buildup here - has an ultimate shot in the movie. Ray Milland at this point was still paying for his payment, and probably it would be a surprise even for fans of the film how young and interesting he is. <br /> <br /> Very entertaining and of course, this has led to good and great stardom for Deanna.
