Deanna Durbin, then 14 and under the MGM contract, made a short article in 1936 that met with Judy Garland, a year, in the first film for both. Louis B. Mayer then decided he did not need two young contestants, placed his bet on Garland and let Durbin go. Universal once signed by Durbin, rushed into the Third Children's Children and rewritten the screenplay to push its part. He is paid for the last, but with the same typography of neon lights around his name. Universal believed Durbin would be smash, and were correct. Three Smart Girls are under music and more of the screwball comedy, and Durbin, 15 when the movie was released, carries for aplomb. She is Penny Craig, and she and her older sisters, Joan and Kay, have decided to save their father, who had rejected their mother, from the golden gold golden clans. They say their way from Switzerland, where they live, to New York City, where their father lives. They plan not only to break their father's wedding but to unite their father and mother, who after ten years still love someone. Is there any doubt that Durbin will sing a song or two in its warm, luscious soprano? Don't. What? Is there any doubt that girls will succeed ... and Kay and Joan find love and marital instruments along the way? Nor, again. Years later Durbin was quoted as saying that he can not keep playing little Miss Fixit. She was right, of course, but in Three Smart Girls, her first film feature, she has a little Miss Fixit down pat. Durbin is interesting, determined, powerful, powerful and all things, natural. His creativity is true that makes this comedy - a mixture of farce, chaos, goodwill and avarice of happiness - very interesting. <br /> <br /> Durbin carries the movie easily. It is a great pleasure to look at himself against Binnie's Barnes as Donna Lyon, a woman with his buckets in the father of Penny's rich, played by Charles Winninger, who had no player to steal scenes, either. Alice Brady, who played the dithering tricks in My Man Godfrey, plays Donna Lyons's mother, who is more than a gold mine than her daughter. The end of the farceurs conducted is Ray Milland as Lord Michael Stuart, who through the mixing and exciting-up mix is ​​wrong with Mischa Auer. <br /> <br /> The three children of Smart live well as a comedy and amusing weight of character and mix. So Deanna Durbin is a new star, who with her great success saved the Universal Bacon.
