Deanna Durbin really saved Universal from bankruptcy and enabled to be a great studio. In the center of 30s most directors were in Universal for example Milestone, Browning and Wyler had gone. James Whale only remained but his awesome horrible films were behind him. Deanna and Judy Garland seemed for a short time "Every Sunday" and original Garland suggested for Penny's position in "Three Smart Girls". While Garland is not available Universal turned to Durbin. Originally he was a player player but his ability was very clear that the script was restored to make him a star. Inspired by Henry Koster the film had a touch to Europe. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a beautiful panorama of the lake "Swiss". "Three girls" of the head - three sisters, Joan (Nan Gray), Kay (Barbara Read) and Penny (Deanna Durbin) are traveling with Penny to give him a voice of glory for "My Heart Is Singing". Not all right in front of home - their father plans to remarry a young woman (Binnie Barnes) so three girls with the help of their trusted nurse (Lucille Watson) decide to go to New York and reunite her with their mother. Lucille Watson is best remembered for her role as the mother of Robert Taylor severely in "Waterloo Bridge" (1941). Donna is a gold carpenter who, with his deceitful mother (Alice Brady), has decided to marry Judson Craig (Charles Winninger). For someone who has no film has experienced Deanna is amazing as Penny, usually pesky, on a sister sister with a passion and she is pretty like a picture. When he sings "The Man Who Dwells" for his father will be withered - the voice of glory he had. It also has one of the funniest lines in the film. Her father asks her "I will take you to the zoo tomorrow", she answers, "Oh I can see enough monkeys here!" With the help of Bill Evans (John King) they decide to employ a "calculation" (Mischa Auer) for romance Donna. They plan to meet at the nightclub but because of Mr Michael Stuart's mix (Ray Milland) is wrong with donna and Donna falls for him (he thinks owns half of Australia !!!) The program is frustrated if he falls for Kay and Donna he wants to speed up his marriage to Judson. Penny decides to take things with his own hands and run away. She is taken to the local police station where she persuades the fighters and her beauty of "Il Bacio" (she is trying to convince her that she is a small opera singer.) Everything is about to be happy with their mother (Nella Walker) to go to the rope with their father. and at the same time Donna makes friends of mobile phone (Mischa Auer) and travel to Australia with him. It is highly recommended.
