I am surprised by the comments from the billboards that Jane Powell made that kind of film Deanna Durbin made. Although they were all young sopranos whose films were made by Joe Pasternak, as this film is any sign, they were almost resisting polar. <br /> <br /> When, in THREE GIRLS SMART, Durbin has a "Little Miss Fixit," who, after other problems, can reunite with her divorced parents, in "half-remake, at least three times, Jane" Powell almost destroys marriage between her screen Mrs. Jeanette MacDonald and my new father Jose Iturbi when she refuses to accept him with strong arms of her younger siblings, too. From Durbin and Powell's films I have seen, I would say these different traits that give the first two of these talented actors. <br /> <br /> About Durbin's performance in three SMART GIRLS, I see the win, the most amazing. Although it is obvious from its regular and surprising lessons in some of the most powerful events that this is the first Deanna film, looking at independence, skills and the most common way of saving that provides its lines and making a total , and how to win and tender he creates great events, you can never think that this was the role of the first movie of a 14-year-old girl who had a previous professional experience was close to two years of sound teaching. Given that this film, and Durbin himself, had been revealed at that time as "Universal's last chance," production must be an insurmountable to novice film of any age, d never know from easily and sure Durbin displays on the screen. Although he still continues to develop his style and his pre-camera trends (this was similar to the early performances of many skilled people like Garland, Rooney, O'Connor and Jane Powell), Durbin's projects of a wonderful presence and warming on the camera which it is all alone, and even here, in his first film, he can remain very interesting despite his often very appealing personality, and though he has sometimes, he has no second-party coy projects and arch who once served Many children's stars, including Jane Powell and others of other sopranos who followed her after her success. In short, like all the great singing stars, Durbin was more than "good sound." On the other hand, while the lyric soprano fresh lybin is an amazing and glorious tool, the most wonderful thing about it, to me, is the way he can strengthen his songs, without a bit of an impact or "grandnes" that beat the opera singers like Lily Pons, Grace Moore and Jeanette MacDonald in films / / <br /> The film also enjoys, has been caused by comedy screwball, returns to the Refugee and creme-de -la-creme of the first screwball benefits such as Charles Winninger, Binnie Barnes, Alice Brady, Ray Milland and Mischa Auer. Stories are lighter and entertaining. True, it is difficult "really," but why can one expect to be? IF YOU WANT: "TRUE" RECORDING THE WRITING WRITING OR USE IN. On the other hand, if you are looking for a real, sweet, interesting and interesting family and a wonderful leader, with a head and gifted "direction," and very powerful players, this film will not leave you.
