"Twelve dogs" are odd and horrible, but they are still clever and intelligent at the same time. With cleverness comes up in the future and the past, and the story is about a man named James Cole, who was convicted, who comes back to collect information about man-made viruses that destroyed 5 billion people on the planet back in 1996. Mara The first Cole was returned to 1990 for an accident and unfortunately he is taken to a mental institution where he is trying to explain his purpose and where he meets a psychiatrist Dr. Kathryn Railly who tries to help him and a patient named Jeffrey Goines, a religious scientist. To be stimulating and somehow wise, dealing with and among causes and madness, the film is working point in the history of the science fiction film. <br /> <br /> The story is wonderful. It's so natural and so entertaining. Screenplay itself written by David and Janet Peoples has been inspired by a film called "La Jetée" (1962) that I have not seen, but I must thank the director and the film writer Chris Marker, for giving the same inspiration to the "twelve dog" writers. I read a little about "La Jetée", not the same story but it has one idea, so this is not just a copy of it. David and Janet Peoples have changed this great series of modern stories, which says about this urgent need of people to find a solution to maintain human life and to make it a very effective and true way to be a sure journey from beginning to end. The music used in this film is odd and somewhat strange and exciting is not so good until you find it when you know it's compelling, written by Paul Buckmaster. Terry Gilliam, whom we remember from Monty Python, as the director of the cinema was so strange to me, because I never thought of him as a kind of person. I know he has led the movie before, but I don't believe that he could do that very good thing. It should not be surprising though, if he does an amazing job. You can still feel the same weirdness as in Python, but for me the lead is pretty much flawless though in its odd way of expressing these things also makes some incredible events. Yes, really odd, weird, wonderful and disturbing, so also makes the movie a bit too heavy too, so the weak minded audience is probably hard to get to watch the movie all the way. It's not as heavy as you can think, but it has some things that are sometimes very interesting. Although, the movie has this pure mind in it and through flashbacks, dreams, jumps between the past and future mix up all the stories in a very clever way and does not even make a messy plot in any place, although it requires a concentration of concentration from the viewer after all. <br /> <br /> What is coming to do, well movie is not available even there. James Cole's role is played by a powerful Bruce Willis, who might be doing a better job so far. Now people may disagree with me, as he did some good work in for instance "Six Sense" too, but for me the position of James Cole was better for Willis and he did so incredibly well. This character is very well written, it is still done better. Cole begins to question his own existence and is involved in himself, starting to question his real time of living, trying to live and find a useful piece of puzzle. In trouble she begins to open her faith, asking if she can even believe or believe herself. Other appropriate exhibitions are the show of Madeleine Stow and Brad Pitt. Stow has the role of Kathryn Railly, a psychologist James Cole, who finds something very good in Cole and decides to help her cope with her spirituality. Somehow he begins to believe the story of Cole but as a scientist he tries to find a solution that way and tries to deal with the reason when it comes to strange things. Brad Pitt is very good at Jeffrey Goines's role and he also performs his best performance so far. The still ignorant behavior of behavior brings Pitt even the selection of Oscar therefore, so I think I didn't mention the performance of loyalty to anything. All of them, "Twelve Dogs" is a great experience of science and fiction and will certainly be suggestions for everyone, especially for sci-fi fans. It includes brilliant characters and good performances, especially from Willis and Pitt, with an original and entertaining story that creates a conspiracy that is wise and wise. However that being already mentioned well and distracted is definitely to capture the attention of the viewer by making it interesting and amazing. It is also awesome to explode and has a romance in it too, so it's all in the same package and that makes it one of the best sci-fi motion images I've ever seen. Through a rare but powerful vision of Terry Gilliam he will be able to keep himself in balance despite some powerful but somewhat strenuous journey. It is difficult to tell the truth, but it is, it is a sense of blowing.
