I can't decide if this is one of my favorite movies. It is a good thriller and has a emotional foundation but still I can not decide. I certainly loved it. This is the first movie of Terry Gilliam that I have seen. My first impression? I worked to the very end and not all the difficult (worried). <br /> <br /> The movie is installed later. James Cole (Bruce Willis) is sent from the future to get information from the past (1996 to be special). Virus killed 5 billion people. Sent from the future to get information about it. Also involved here is a psychologist named Kathryn Railly. The story of love is well illustrated and you may feel the desire for this love and longing for a normal life. The closed end is tied in an amazing way at the end. One thing I liked about this film is that unlike other post-eligible films, the movie did not prefer any social offer. The definition and instead focus on one person with his desire for normal life. "You want to see the sea, be with him" is a very good line on this film. It chooses to focus on tension and chaos in one's mind. So this is not exactly a fictional film but rather it can be described as a sci movie's romantic movie and themes that come out when traveling to reality and so on. This is what makes this movie a special movie of the 1990s. Hard color flows well without adding many characters. <br /> <br /> Exhibitions are very good. Bruce willis was surprised here if he did not perform the usual act of the guy here but gave the good performance of a confused person who is in love. His despair in some order is well shown. I need to watch his other movies. Good Madeleine Stowe is a very treating look. Since I saw this film, I have found so much with him. He has given them a good job of a woman who is pleasing to her and her patient and eventually loves her. Brad Pitt is a real surprise though for his exhibition of a man named Jeffrey Goines. His selected Oscar job is quite surprising because they do not have many critics who have good words. <br /> <br /> The end is very cold and that's another reason to watch the film. The length or complexity is not a big problem because this film is very fast moving and there are enough events to keep people interested. And every event in this film is meaningless and nothing is not good. Good / happy / happy 10/10
