NB: Spoilers inside. This great movie is "about" many things, both for success: the time of sci-fi, psychological, non-stop psychological, dystopian community, real-trouble, undermining the systems of faith systems, bioterrorism worldwide, love story. .................................................. ....................... or, as extreme, see translating on www.mjyoung.net/time/monkeys.html. Whew! The emphasis of time is more on a brilliant plot, coming from the amazing work of the writers David and Janet Peoples, not to mention the "La Jetee" inspiration Chris Chriser. Of course, this is one of the most successful, fascinating moments of traveling movies that have become pregnant. But there are many other levels that speak here. The real idea of ​​the film is to focus on the adverse effects of time-travel in the mind of James Cole (Bruce Willis, doing the best work of his work here). His journey continues from the hunting hero of the gung-ho vaccine to a step-by-step victim? and come back again. The rest of the story further emphasizes the personal story between James and Dr. Kathryn Railly (wonderful Madeleine Stowe). I would like to comment / interrupt at the same time of the two characters. For me all comes to the head in the hotel of the fleabag hotel. At this point, James? once locked with an unconditional decision? now it is quite doubtful of its own truth; when Dr Railly ?? A cool and wise scientist ?? finally be sure, after refusing James's testimony, of his terrible predictions. His despair to reach James and depend on the message shows how he is coming. Gilliam takes care of these characters, especially through the cycle of tension that makes their lives. The rationality between the art of the artistic and tribal-sci-fi / thriller is very good. And the denouement at the airport is heart-poundingly intense because we see it coming open through James's dream. Is it here, after James decide to stop the whole mess? and is the fight against sex more than ever? that he returns to the plate and he does what is important for mankind. See Jose with a gun? (Before this, Hitchcock's references to "Vertigo" and identity conversion / disorder are brilliant.) This is a movie of the central inventory thinking people; not just under the constant watch, it asks them. "Ten monkeys" are intelligent, stimulating, wonderful, entertaining, and suspenseful things. <br /> <br /> cast help is best, especially Brad Pitt steal all of his scenes and show great flexibility like Jeffery Goines, crazed and destroyed, but ever saved. And there is David Morse as Dr. Peters (interesting how the movie just stops with his observer impression) and Christopher Plummer as Dr Goines. But great accolades are of Terry Gilliam, exceeds here - just hard - its better "Brazil." (Lots of similarities, of course, especially the fighter alone tries to escape its lost environment: intra-internal intake, lack of.) Each chapter of this movie has its unique seal and sound. The soundtrack is strict, too. <br /> <br /> This is one of the greatest achievements of 90, a real favorite of my wealth, and sure to hold for a long time to come.
