I usually try to avoid Sci-Fi movies as much as I can, because this is not just the type that asks me. Light becomes, UFO, visitors, when traveling ... is often nothing to me. However, there is one movie in the kind that I always give a place in my list of top movies and that's "twelve monkeys" I remember being completely beaten with the first time, but even now, having been seen several times already I am still one of his great fans. Every time I see, this film seems to be better and better. Everywhere in the future away all people live under the ground because the unknown virus and lethal cancellation of five billion people in 1996, leaving only 1 percent of the living population. James Cole is one of them. He is a prisoner who lives in a small fortress and who is chosen as a 'volunteer' to be sent again for some time to gather information about the nature of the tragedy. They believe it was prevalent with an amazing group called '12 monkeys' and they needed a virus before turning, so that scientists could learn. But when they transport the machine does not work properly yet he is accidentally sent to 1990, where he meets Dr. Kathryn Railly, a psychiatrist, and Jeffrey Goines, a proud son of a famous scientist and expert expert ... What? This is just a deception, created in the mind of a person with mental or mental illness? Does he really come from the future and can travel on time? What? Was the population completely destroyed by the virus, given by the 12th army? That's all the questions that will leave you wondering from the beginning to the end. If the filmmakers chose to make it more obvious, I am sure I couldn't love it as I did now. That's the only secret that puts me interested in time over time. But it's not just a good thing about this film of course. Acting is amazing too. Normally I am not a fan of Bruce Willis, but what he did in this film was just amazing. With Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt should win several awards for him, because with the amazing story, they performed this film very well. Even after watching several, it's still a great fan of this film. Except for this film, I saw only one movie of Terry Gilliam and that's "Fear and Loss in Las Vegas", which was not bad, but it did not prove the truth. However, it is this movie that makes me interested in another job. I offer 9/10, maybe even 9.5 / 10.
