Terry Gilliam and David Peoples 'included building one of the most fictional and false' 90's. People have shown a screenplay with a wonderful twist and amazing ideas on the nature of time? I especially love one idea can't change the past; is a good counterpoint for many movies to travel when they say otherwise? A biological supplement with a narrow line between sanity and madness. Gilliam expressed his views on uniqueness, perfection and nature. The story itself is involved: one person, James Cole (played by Bruce Willis for warm-hot performance) travels for decades in the past to get information about the virus that has destroyed humanity and left only a few survivors living under the ground: and information he will collect , scientists expect to get treatment so that everyone will return to the face. But because their travel technology is not perfect, he ends up being sent to other different passages and combinations. And from this, the fictional hero of the fictional films and films of film films such as many of the great jigsaw elements that include together to create amazing details related to animal activists, the end of the millennium of the paranoia, biological weapons, reality perspective , and the definition of purity. For this hard movie, it was easy for Gilliam and the people to create a mess, but instead of Monkezi 12 it is a story that makes the ideas interesting to those who love to be challenged and be patient to understand the ideas of things. <br /> I watched this film once about 10 years ago. It had many marks: I remember still thinking about many days after-ward; for my little mind it seemed to be very thoughtful and it was one of the first movies to make me know the movies as something big and important. I looked again at this film a few days ago on DVD and it's better than I remembered. Brad Pitt still stole all the images he has, playing Jeffrey Goines ?? near the prelude for its Tyler Durden character in the Fight Club? A rich child with anarchist / non-conformist mind who is also mad and, according to Cole, perhaps deals with the virus. The events between Jeffrey and Cole in madhouse are the best in the film, the eyes of Pitt, the way and the voice of enthusiasm convince them that he is a real person who is bound to the only logic that he understands. Oscar's Pitt appointment was eligible! Surprisingly it is also the performance of Bruce Willis: he does not remember very well, but it is good and full of understanding; plays a man who spent almost all his life on the ground, and when he comes old you will share his fantastic boy with something as simple as breathing fresh air in the morning or looking at the sun going up. Cole is a very bad habit, people 'tried to make him some darkness in him, and he did other things that distract others and himself: a place where he clears his teeth shows how his psychiatric condition is closed. Usually Cole did not start as a habit of madness, but when it begins to warn everyone on the end of the world, it seems to be mad and believes that it's all in his mind, until he comes at a time when he cannot distinguish the past from the future, the truth from the lie. Willis spends a lot of time looking at the confusion and safety, and it works perfectly. One of the most exciting excitement in the notes is when Cole decreases, Dr. Kathryn Railly, gets an unreliable confirmation that it is true from the future and now has to persuade her again on her work to save the world. Screenplay is full of weird twist like this and continues the movie at a fast pace. Their relationship is also handed over, although perhaps a little bit of time. But I enjoyed watching Cole and Reli towards love and trying to escape the future authorities to live a peaceful life in the past. But things have reached the point of an amazing / heavy on the airport, closing all the pieces together, which will beat a lot of ideas away. It is the ultimate end of this movie, losing in Se7en or Fight Club, with the closest end to which the Rail is located near Cole who has been shot by a close look at James Cole who is preaching dead for him in the future; two are looking for a moment, and he is very pleased with her. Loss is brilliant, but I would like this to end up with emotional effects. Madeleine Stowe is very good playing Dr Railly, giving a lot of emotions from me in her performance. The film is filled with the feeling of fat oil and the old idea cannot be changed: this film shows that in a terrifying way. It reminds me of Chinatown in that sense, how Jake Gittes forgets everything about more trying to help. The character of the railway shares the oil, the more he tries to help Cole? first to deal with his 'spirituality' then help him in his message? more they are beaten in a disaster. Leave the expiration of a note of hope, though, and the feeling of feeling Cole has never been free. Twelve monkeys are a good movie to watch if someone wants to be accepted; it should not be art, though it is more artists than many art movies. It is a non-defensive movie where all elements, from music to edit to textile design, etc., have worked well in order to produce modern cinema.
