Of course, 12 monkeys are one of the best films of Sci-fi Ghana and Terry Gilliam director is a guest in connecting as far as realistic movies. The apocalyptic film that has you completely spellbound, 12 monkeys never lets up and has you guessing all the way around. Excellent use of Philadelphia locales and netherworld sets to create a gothic feeling of tragedy and two people caught in time at the right place. Bruce Willis escapes his eyes and reflects the true loony that happens to be accurate about all that will happen. She is really sane, but people of the future (or presently as you) mislead this bad guy's head at the time of transport, it's not surprising he unravels. He gets sent to the World War after Beng was sent to the wrong year to know how the Twelve Army pulls off the destruction of civilization as we know. They eventually find the right and why it's a wonderful scenario that is compared to performance, we see Willis, Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt's best player are described for six years. for the risk that begins slowly recognizing that Willis can not be like bursting as he looks. The interesting feature of the relationship between Willis and their will is their "seeing" each other before, elsewhere or when. 12 MONKEYS is essentially about time and mad people of the future will enter into it and now, while killers and psychological skills can change the world. The City of Philadelphia is the dark and gothic growing of Willis' fate to complete its mission which is, against the usual Hollywood stereotype, NOT save the world. He collects information. Film shows techniques for the viewer too, setting Willis in a new setting on the tone of the pins. This should be a very difficult picture to make but Gilliam seems to be the master of the hard to boil. It even comes from some humor to remind you of another great job like TIME BANDITS, and BRAZIL. Screen is a canvas of this person and knows how to draw a horrible picture of another world and its future possible within the normal state of the big film budget. If you want a spiritual spirit and a wonderful tragedy, see MONKEYS 12. <br /> <br /> RATING: 9 out of 10
