Normal transport within a non-line format. It is true then, in 12 monkeys, comes out of this coming-and-going between now, the future and the old. However, the film line cannot be avoided: it is a projector project, a description of the details. What we can see the basis of the time frame is to reflect our inability to act. The world of this Terry Gilliam film is the world you have a little chance of free. From the beginning we have been informed of the schizophrenic prophecy, according to the stress that would dominate the world in 1997, forcing a few survivors to live on the ground - the only place not affected by the virus. The Cole message (Willis) is clear: to return to the mid-90s to investigate anything and anyone related to the release of the virus. There is no way to change the past: all that can be done is to gather information that can help current scientists (that, for our audience, is the future) to get treatment. Not change happened (formerly inevitable), but do now better. In his "return" for a while, Cole gradually comes closer to the severe problem: his life in the past is better than his life now. The end is dark and humble, controlled by brutal scientists who choose "volunteer" (this is an amazing word) to start an old trip. Scientists have not yet reached a high level of success when traveling, and Cole ends up on inappropriate dates - this will be, later in the plot, working as evidence of its purity for mental-health professional Kathryn (Stowe). We can see, through the evolution of the story, that the line and non-line intervene in the short term. <br /> <br /> There is more than one time where the first place that ends up is almost end - and of course climactic - it seems. It creates itself, according to Cole memory ideas, which come into her dreams. <br /> <br /> At the airport, someone is shot dead while driving, armed, towards someone else. The blonde woman runs after being killed. This is an area that connects the past (which Cole is a child visiting the airport with his parents), now (during the description) and later (Cole adults) In all details, Cole has a sense of being he has already lived the truth he sees now. His prophetic dreams are proof that it is impossible to avoid or avoid what happened. Agents who beat him to kill a mad scientist, Dr. Peters (Morse), is responsible for the transmission of the disease. <br /> <br /> Could not be changed. And, in the case of Cole, what would be. Forever. <br /> <br /> The film is completely unknown to many. For me, not under the hub. <br /> <br /> Other beautiful movies with the same theme: Back to trilogy later (which has another angle about "mad scientist" character, and though it is the atmospheric shares of decay - especially in the second film -, it's more than hope than Gilliam's work, that's an unusual picture of Hollywood pictures. In another register, there are "Wild strawberries", one of the Bergman masterpieces, which involves traveling and surprising through the past through dreams and reminiscences. I've never checked "La Jetée", but because I can't find it.
