There is a story (possible apocrypha) about the exchange between Bruce Willis and Terry Gilliam at the beginning of Sex 12. Gilliam (allegedly) produced a long list (think of one plane from Element Five) and send it to Butch Bruce. It was the title "Bruce Willis Will Do". It ended with a simple message to say: "please don't do anything above in my film". It is true about this movie (definitely true). Gilliam had no hand in writing. I could insist that these two things had a major role in creating a remarkable achievement (if not business) which is Twelve. Look at, Twelve monkeys are all we hope for in the Gilliam film. It is also full of surrealistic Gilliamesque and general (but massive) fraud. Gilliam enjoys its negative audience. Although the end of the twelve monkeys will not surprise anyone who sits in the first true way, Gilliam borrows much from Kafka during the hour, the transparency of the actors towards their destiny. It is this journey, and the development of the character they find, which is disturbed. <br /> <br /> I love Gilliam movies (Brazil, especially). But they do all they are faced with that weakness. He seems to have a lot of ideas, with great enthusiasm, that his films are almost nearly as tangled (Brazil, especially). I still continue to be Brazil's Gilliam tour, but there is no denying that the Twelve Monkey is a breath of fresh air in the planning department. Movies, substances and forms appear to connect in an invisible way from the old Python. <br /> <br /> Whatever the fact of the above rumors, Gilliam can also get the first level (and atypical) performance out of one bald. Bruce is the best in this film, as well as all cast, especially deserving - and very scared - Brad Pitt. It has been more than ten years since this film was released. When I looked again, I realized that it was not true. I changed, of course. And this has made me look at the film with fresh eyes. This seems to me that a suitable tax for a film which, at least, is about reflection in mirrors, a modified view and a wonderful journey of one way through which we all do. First movie. 8/10.
