Stories about the future of the post-apocalyptic future have been around for many years, since the creation of false science as a genre to se. The fact that today's society is responsible for what may be future in the near future, and that our own violations and refusal to see right in front of the eyes are in the middle of all these stories, whether they are good or bad. Terry Gilliam is certainly a natural for this kind of film. He gives the film a lot of feeling, showing the community facing his own suffering and bringing the impression of the tragedy around despite having a comedy time. His world, the world where TWUMA MONKEYS passes, is a place where wild wildlife, where cities are dropped in dirt and absence, where everything is observable in spite of the observation of the opening chain, where spirituality perishes every corner. This is a very black movie, but it is much better, more than a line (despite the loss of programs that hold under observation), and one that finds the best for regular viewing. A horrible event that has a deadly virus was released in humanity in 1996 and led to the destruction of life on the planet as we know it leads to future scientists to try and fix the fate of human beings on earth by using supporters - World - like the guinea pigs back, among them James Cole (who had a great impact with Bruce Willis). Cole can be anyone. We do not know anything about him, but somehow, it does not matter since he is younger than one of the many volunteers and the tips of his character are diminishing later as he approaches his goal. What we know is that he is a person who has a dream, and his dreams can be true: he may already be in the scene of the 1996. . When being taken to the mental ward counts in 1990 he agrees with Jeffrey Goines (spastically played by Brad Pitt, Oscar-chosen here) who quickly says talks about punishment and destruction, and later Cole believes he has seen Goines in his dream dreams once as a man pushing a boy aside blowing ... what? He does not know. Later he met a psychologist, Kathryn Railly (Madeleine Stowe), and one of his first impressions to him was that he was insane, and that he had seen before. This becomes an ideal theory during his involvement in this story from a responsive / resistant to a powerful and even faithful person that something terrible comes this way, especially when he meets him six years later: he has seen Cole before. At the same time, Cole keeps talking about a dream she keeps having which she also plays as a blonde woman walking under aisle, crying for help, after being shot by a red-colored man in ponytail (Jeffrey Goines?) Seems to be running away, not before pushing a little boy who is innocent. Questions arise: Did these events happen? Are they going to happen? Who really is part of this, or better yet - is everyone, less than a lesser player, part of a big plot? Or do you? This is all the trick during the time when the clock itself is one great conveyor belt to show a repeat of pieces of slide events to repeated again? These questions are developed with a good series which includes VERTIGO's Alfred Hitchcock events which Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton laments his short life ("You did not see," he says, like Cole and looking faster from their seats on the movie shows.). The Snippets of dialog from VERTIGO creates a foil in a conversation between Railly and Cole and later, when Cole awakens to having been seen in the playground and going to find a Railway, comes face to face and hiding (looking closely like Eve Maria Saint from NORTH BY NORTHWEST) such as swelling Bernard Herrmann marks shows the emergence of Judy Barton, dressed as Madeleine Elster. It is a fascinating sequence, especially because of the incompetence of the names of the actors in all these films: Madeleine Stowe plays Kathryn Railly who offers wig blond with a gray-coat coat and calls himself "Judy Simmons" while helping "insane" a man named James Cole. ; James Stewart has a detective who tries to help "foul" Madeleine Elster who will later be seen again, but twice, first as brunette Judy Barton, and later, as Madeleine. Step and rearrange, play and get again.
