Just cleaning, I used 12 monkeys the other day because I was a big fan of Bruce Willis and I heard some things about the film. Some good and bad, but it was one of those films you had to consider every second, so I was a little worried. Because I felt like a minute like this would be one of those films that I had to watch several times to get. But I watched last night and was very impressed, this film had everything in it: action, concert, sci-fi, history, dark humor, and even a little romance. All the staff worked very hard, I gave many loans to Bruce, during his car in the car and his psychologist, he loved me very much. But Brad Pitt, I'm just interested in how much of the great work he did. He was not about to make his character, who was mad, and just worked and was very reliable. The story was just scary, but very beautiful and uplifting. James Cole is a man in the future where the virus broke back and killed 5 billion people and only 1% of the number of people saved with him. Animals are now dominating the land when humans have lowered down, but scientists send James for the 1990s (meaning sending '96), to find out about the virus information. James enters a mental institution to meet his new psychiatrist, Dr. Kathryn Raily and another mental patient, Jeffrey Goines. He tells them later, no one believes him, he comes back. But scientists are taking her again for a year to the doctor asked by James, but she tells him more, and she believes him. Now they are put in trying to prevent the virus never happen. <br /> <br /> 12 Monke is a wonderful film. As I said the story was just scary because it is not so hard to believe that we are not far from it. But the whole movie was just good, cast, set, just the whole picture was great. It had a type of Terminator to feel where we could open something worth one day, if we didn't listen to others. What is the same as what? Who knows? But I would strongly recommend 12 cattle, it's a good movie that if you give a good chance, I'm sure you'll enjoy it. <br /> <br /> 9/10
