Terry Gilliam's fantastic, incomprehensible virus that destroys all but a few of the people around the world and urges them to move underground and someone who was restored to time to collect information about it is a fantastic, dizzying, and stylish film that shows Bruce Performance of Willis forever. What makes the 12 monkeys away from many travel movies during travel is that Bruce Willis's behavior deals with what the psychological impact of travel time, ie, does not know the real reality is the real reality: where the traveler is - when it comes or goes. Also, the film recognizes that things that have passed can not be changed and that prevent the occurrence of the epidemic, in this case the release of the virus, cannot be stopped or replaced. If Willis says "It's already happened," while in a psychiatric hospital, the main problem of the film gets into the plot, lost the plot to save the world; instead it is the struggle of Willis's own living. It is a new, innovative concept, and works with thanks to a script written by Peoples and Gilliam of a type of dementia syndrome. Besides, the 12th story of Monkey is not entirely and it takes a chance to mislead and tell how the story is told to skillfully incorporate the monitoring of the different timing of the time: flashbacks, dreams, memories, now, past, day the future, and even the area that has been removed from the Hitchcock Vertigo. They all serve to strengthen the viewer in its confused and obscene definition. The view, Gilliam is the master of degradation and shadows that compete with Tim Burton in its very awesome landscape and photography. With the show of cool, broad, and sinking movies, Gilliam goes into a dark and dark environment of its characters. Exhibitions often burst with amazing antiseptic, white dead and help to be different and often characters-up-mad characters. >, Brad Brad,, Brad wengi,, kujiki Brad Brad Brad Brad Brad Brad Brad Brad Brad Brad Brad Brad Brad Brad hu, Brad Pitt stole many scenes, filling them with the effectiveness of copyright, the external performance of the appropriate wall to select Oscar. As mentioned, Bruce Willis gives the best performance of his work, not to turn on his heroic and heroic cliches and instead shows Cole as a simple, awesome, awesome man. It is also Madeline Stowe as Willis psychologist. He holds himself, injecting his character and all the power of the wild and power as he falls under the weight of what he comes to believe is a false religion. what is the normal act / sci-fi act makes 12 monkeys compelling the night's vision, the future. His rich, well-thought-out, beautifully illustrated story with the braille exhibition from the entire cast and its stirring film, makes it the center of madness. The head in my top 10 at all, Monkees 12 is a dark festival of brilming film and beauty. 10/10/10 out of 10
