Contrary to popular belief, this title, to me at least, is not so bad. In fact. I look at it as a favorite movie of all time. The story of the story was not well-formed when you think the difference between the series, however despite all this, you can look at it with great joy. With a feature of his day's film, events are well integrated with the characters remain consistently reliable. <br /> <br /> Sound / voice sound is my own favorite. Almost everything has a sound effect and many voices are facing better characters than they are, now they are badly beaten in the United States, their peers. Sync is perfect in every shot. I had a few issues with a 'guest' voice (please forgive a useless name, it has been since I saw it). Otherwise, however, the cast appeared equally. I feel and believe in the characters of this film. Very often it is something that I have not always agreed with and from long ago. I loved OSD from behind but castings often allow the series below. This time I would add that this was one of the first anime I saw in my life. It has a historic value for me, but even after seeing the original Megazone 23 has remained stable and more focused on my collection. To my knowledge the name has been the United States for Texas. I myself think it's a great shame. It had a proper audience in it, I think Robotech Movie would be accepted and not troubled over the years. I am associated with anime every day of my life and everyone has said this film thought it was a joint name put together. Watching the film after its different features will allow the viewer to see a definite hollow plan between the displays. However, without seeing nature, the viewer did not recognize. Since animation is similar to fashion, there was no reason to ask again in his day. Britain had a very limited scope of anime. Laser disk was a production media. Personally I like Carl has balls to push that kind of push. I mean Harmony will not put money in order to be advertised. Even though the bad mistakes of people who have had this film, the nine years you feel you put me in love. If you look at Megazone 23 now, in the original Japanese, or new dub, I believe you will be very disappointed with the OSD. Send your thoughts back to the original sound of Bubblegum Crisis Dub and consider the new eight voices to E.V.E. Speaking all this. The popularity of this film today is more likely for its shortage in the open market. Personally, it provided a collection for me. Now I am trying the world for the products from the three elements that they have made and if I have come to meet Carl Macek, the patient will hold his hand for the effort, and buy a pint or a string to give me a anime.
