A very interesting film works on a cameras that is struggling and photographing and sounding the gun in order to create a negative impact on crime and corruption of Santiago under two young boys from the southern town of Temuco. Daniella Rios's fashion show is a economic fraud player Gracia, who works in a nightclub owned by the face of a new wave of film production in Chile, Alejandro Trejo. Elderly brother, played in full with Nestor Cantillana, is believed to be the Trech's leading henchman, after a night in the stripclub to celebrate the younger brother Victor's (Juan Pablo Miranda) seventeenth birthday. From introducing the picture of this opening area, the film explores the neo-black exploration of everything the outside world does not expect to see in this country very conservative and Catholic. Gracia's deceptive ways to attract three people as bees to honey, although the rhythmic story of three ways of fantasy romance refers to the linear speaking of major international drug deals among Trejo's people ' Gringo ', Eduardo Barril. Power relations are an important factor, as foreign people connect to a mini family. The pastor places an extraordinary spell on all the men of pride in the film, emerging from his steady position at the periphery of the community, and seems to have the key to all the fate of three men. The relationship between Trejo and Cantillana becomes important, as the parents of the boys are caused by their absence (one thinks still living in Temuco). It is therefore Trejo, el padrino, who 'takes' Cantillana, and effectively 'makes him' as a man in the city. Miranda becomes a fast visitor, as his dependence on 'father figure', Cantillana, becomes increasingly envious of Gracia beautiful. However, Miranda is still struggling with an obstacle while still at school - depends on Cantillana, who depends Trejo, for live money. Trejo, in turn, is under the 'Gringo' finger, and its wealth has been collected through drug contracts as well as its trap clubs. The Gracia model act as a time bomb has been seen as a good fire, looking for a good network of heritage but problems can only cause peak. If the tension of this power relationship comes to the head, Gracia stays quiet. The viewer never knows the male model he is doing. The film ends in a sad and large-scale bullet that includes power relations and spends half of the male protesters. The ultimate face of Miranda's face with a great speed under PanAmericano highway is a desperate power. The boy has been impressed by the city's surprise, but has lost his only family, and his wife, who is his only friend in the film. He has nothing. Great examples have courage and courage. This is a gangster film in Chile. Family ideas, no sex before marriage etc., have been destroyed, and instead, the realities of Santiago's currency are shown in all their glory. Trejo strikes Rios violently, Rios and Miranda are making love in the cinema - a sexual relationship with a young child knows. 'Gringos' seems to have a financial position on this small South American nation, but not through copper mines, through illegal drugs. Waissbluth's victory is in its low subject of darkness, which raises many social questions, perhaps more than the success of Con Con Sexo's memory, inside of a bright film player, which puts this film to a close with Sexo Con Amor, Taxi Para Tres, and El Chacotero Sentimental, as well as the cinema evidence that Chile is well and truly artistic living and running in the post-15-year post-state control of the Military Government.
