The director / author Andrés Waissbluth worked seven years to complete this two-hour film on the underground crime in Santiago, Chile, and perhaps that is one reason why the next film seems to have a sense and requires editing. OR, perhaps this is the approach of the director who expresses a good sense of the film film. Two brothers - Silvio Elder (Néstor Cantillana) and Victor little (Juan Pablo Miranda) - have moved to Santiago from their home in Temuco after the death of their parents and Silvio is working to support Victor's education. The 17th birthday of Victor Silvio takes a virgin out of the clubs where he encourages Victor to lose his virginity with one of the club / prostitute characters. In the tender area Victor must have his preference when Silvio is out on the club's 'attractive' club and its ability to lease. Silvio is going to work for 'gang' as a hunter / henchman and makes good money to help Victor's school. But Victor is awake to one player at Gracia (Antonella Ríos) and begins to remove him, coming out of school with a slight outburst of Silvio. Gracia only happens to reduce the leader of the club Don Pascual (Alejandro Trejo) who is Silvio boss! Gracia is a glue that holds this story together if she is a paramour of Victor, Silvio, and Don Pascual and the result of this amazing third-party house has negative consequences. Through the way to repeat this story through Victor's eyes, Silvio, and Gracia we understand the weaknesses and cracks in each character that allows the fall of results. <br /> <br /> Sounds like Fiction of Chile's Pulp? Yes, it is to be shown in a brutal, dark-colored way that includes the original design (both male and male) and to meet sexual intercourse. But at the end the physical aspect of the vision of the director is leading this film, playing on psyche virgin psyche against hard hard sex worker and success. Sent is very powerful, especially Antonella Ríos in the claim of Gracia. There are enough twists and return and replays of events you think you understand the first look but that the major changes in the effect when told through the eyes of a different character. Through two hours, some screening edits would have helped the film effect. In Spanish with English headlines. It is recommended for those who like the style of film and art of South America. Grady Harp
