*** SPOILERS *** On the first WWII movies on Hollywood that show how the war made those of GI, or in this case the US Marines, which they fought with. <br /> <br /> 21-year-old Al Schmid, John Garfield, was just beginning to live with a good job to pay for $ 40.00 per week-in a metal mill with a girl Ruth Hartley, Elenore Parker, who was almost married when Japs destroyed everything for her, and millions of young Americans also, to attack the South American Fleet in Pearl Harbor. He worked as a US citizen Al once joined the US Marine Corps with the hope of returning to Japs to know, as accurately as it was, that Marines would be the first units to fight the US to get their knowledge. <Br /> <br /> Finally he got an opportunity when his unit, the first Marine Department, arrived on August 7, 1942 in Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands, in order to involve the Japanese regulators. It was during the War of the Ilu River that Al almost one ended the massive suspension of Japanese Banzai attacking, with his gun, wave after a wave of suicide by Japs decided until help, or reinforcements, finally arrived. It was during the blood clash. Al had been beaten by the grenade of Jap which had finished sending him. Now return to the state of mobilization status at the Marine Clinic Al is facing the most difficult thing to win and then fight the massive attack of Japanese or German soldiers. He faces the future when we will never see him again and be dependent on others to take care of him, or by, he! We see it on the film "Marine's Marine" War itself harder and then made Japanese forces in Guadalcanal coming only with its terms and disabilities. They don't want anyone, especially his friend Ruth, to sympathize with Al really is the one who feels more sympathetic to someone in the movie. It is with the help of Nurse Navy Virginia Pfeiffer, Rosemary DeCamp, and Ruth with her US partner Marine Lee Diamond, Dane Clark, that at the end gives Al the courage to deal with his blindness with the same force that he faced with the wave after the Japanese Army. on Gudalcanal. Courage Al thought he was lost in the spirit of the island left by God in the South Pacific. According to the true story of the American Marine Marine Albert Schmid "The Marine Beauty" showed what we anticipated from thousands of thousands of American servants wounded to return from the war. We find out how in many ways it was very difficult for those who are fighting in order to fix America's peace when they left something, like Al Schmid, behind the battlefield. The Al-war with his own demons was more difficult then the Japanese that he fought for that they were part of him and so he had to fight himself to win and finally conquer them. Despite the help she received from all the Virginia Nurse and her lover Ruth together with her Navy-doctor who resembles the actress Gregory Peck - was still on Al overcome the fears that she faced. The fear he and she just had to fight and win, as told by everyone in the movie, alone.
