No one can say that this film of 1945 was the hub. (Can any movie of the war of 1945 be so boring?) But this is a very effective understanding of the true story, that of Al Schmidt, who was blinded by Guadalcanal, as played by John Garfield, who spent the day wearing lids to catch nuances of the blind man's actions. Robert Leckie, in "Helmet for My Pillow", says the popularity of Schmidt for his heavenly partner, who was killed, writing that "the country must need heroes to survive." Well, I think the country did. And they had one here. There is one place to fight in the film, locked in a studio ballot, just ten minutes or so, and less than half through the film instead of being saved by the peak, but it is the worst and true symptoms of men under fire that I can remember after seeing on the screen, including those who "Save Ryan private". Citizens are crying for fear, talking to the enemy, losing and dying, without color help, stereophonic sounds, squibs, or gore. <br /> <br /> Only from the view of technology, the film is better. Not only that we learn how complicated procedure .30 caliber, water-cooled Browning machine gun, or that it should be evicted in a burst of just a few rounds, or that it is not moving around like a fire hose, like in many other cinema. Technical accuracy increases the quality of riveting of the area. The need to be connected to a short burst is frightening when a number of mysterious enemies climb up to a height of fifty feet and the sole aim of destroying you and your only two members is locked in a small gun area. <br /> <br /> Exhibitions are strong, if not brarel, including those of 1940 volumes, John Ridgeley, and Eleanor Parker's boy, of the boy. The beautiful story of love is spare, but it works, and ultimately moves completely. A series of amazing dreams are included. Sno Bunuel, but for 1945 the most common film, it seems to be original and effective. Albert Maltz can write the document, or it can be changed by someone else. It can be used for a type of printer that may have a certain identity required. Still, there are unusual words of ads that have an amazing impact on the viewer - "Why does God strike me to death?" And, “In the eyes, Lee. The length of bitterness in a few words of corny, and an amazing amount of pain given by wounded defenders in the war films 1945. <br /> <br /> Tips that may seem false to a modern viewer but perhaps should not be: common language which is hard to believe many children today might think he had spoken - "gabe's privacy," "dope", "fishing," "Gee," "you are not dumb," "dame," "boy with swelling," and "feel sad. "Let us look at the historical situation and be kind in our judgments. At that time, some of these goals were planned. \ T later they have the argument completed by the conclusion of the lines, "Just because you have a silver plate in your head does not mean people think you are a bad person. "There are sometimes voices of voices and silent prayers that are not needed and clear." Please, God, return to me, "and something like that. <br /> <br /> Well, the creators of the film worked in the obstacles. Perhaps that is why the fade's fate is the Freedom of Freedom and the Troubles of the "Good America" ​​is rising back. <br /> <br /> Nothing can erase the film features, which are great , especially the results of the anti-territorial area are not on television often.
