I have never seen this film for about 35 years, so when I recently saw it would be a television (cable) for the first time for a very long time (not available on video), I made sure I didn't miss it. And unlike many other films that seem to lose their luster when it will appear again, I have seen pictures from "Marine Beauty" were clear and excellent as I remembered the first. What makes this film unique, however? <br /> <br /> Everything. According to the true story of Al Schmid and the staff of the Marine Workers of War in the Tenaru River in Guadalcanal in November, 1942, the screenplay stays 95% true for the book set, "Al Schmid, Marine" and Roger Butterfield, The only difference is enough to meet the constrains during motion images. This is not a typical “war war” where the action is central, and in fact the war is 10 minutes or in the middle of the film. But it's less than a 10-minute note, beaten in the lowest light possible to show the night war, and none of the heroes of contempt or falseness which usually hits genre. Somehow before his time, the natural game of what happened was more than enough to present to the unhealthy, unhealthy, and violent war, and perhaps the audience were afraid at the appearance of the war. This film is not about "glorifying" war; I can't imagine anyone seeing that war zone and wanting to enter the ministry. Not at any time, however. What this film is very worried after the war, and how damaged men can learn to repeat their lives. There is a good hospital area where twelve people discuss this, and I feel it is another reason that the film has received well - it was well written. There is a "dream" series carried out in a short film (non-negative film) which appears close to experiments, and acting is strict, too, led by John Garfield. Garfield was perfect for the role because his typical nature and Schmid were almost identical, and Garfield met with Schmid and even lived with him for a lot of time to learn if he could on someone with his role. Traders do not do this again, but they added equally, just another reason why this film is successful in telling a complex, non-interesting story.
