In the area of ​​the movie derived from screens from another location (or what the Oscar is that), "Holes" has trust. I think it's better to have a writer to create screens because the author is the creator of the material. If the author cannot write the screen to save their life, then have the author and the talented person in the area of ​​the screens to create the screens. In addition to this, this review is about "Holes". <br /> <br /> The reasons start here and maybe the spoiler is found inside. (1) Louis Sachar is the best writer and returns that he can write screenplay. I looked at the movies and then I read the book and both of them had no deficiency or folly. Some people have natural talents that can pass mediums. (2) The best performance award goes to Shia LaBeouf for displaying it as the main character. He "danced" himself in the role. I wanted to see his behavior confirmed before the conclusion. (3) To relieve a little trouble, Andrew Davis was brought in. This is the person who made Harrison Ford run hard and run fast. He can also make Steven Seagal turn off some heads. For this film, made Shia and other boys dig holes. In other words, he can make a "action-packed" film and make it even better if the "action" is not the main type not the "action". (4) My second work proposed by Jon looks like Mr. Sir. Sometimes the goofy role brings the best in the actor. After saying the verse "Once in a while" ", I must have cut for half a minute because it was too hard. He has the ability to please and he should examine a few more responsibilities that he allows him to do." When it is given a strong script, perhaps it is the second best role I have seen in it (just two 'O Brother Where Are You?'). (6) I like the choice of the environment for the film. (7) Looking for a whole movie make me need another bottle of water. One can only think digging a hole in the disease area for half a day. (8) Some of the cast are worth the box. of the Kudos bars, Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Khleo Thomas, Jake M. Smith and the rest of the bill were beaten for their talents and were very good. (9) I like a movie that does not describe anything. When Stanley had a head on the head and those who define baseball, it made me see how incredible events can get and that it is an important link in making a good film. (10) Disney pictures (not Touchstone, DISNEY !!) need to make more of these children's films. It was good for me and I am a college student. The end of the Disney infants I saw was "The Way To The Way It Comes" and "Holes" is increasing (if the 2000 elections, is still near the phone). Disney can make a beauty if they decide to expand on this type and continue the art in mind on catching a cow cow when they see it. Ten reasons give ten marks! For all, "Holes" is one of my favorite Disney films and perhaps the best one of this year (released this film may not be Oscar equipment but anyone has said Oscar material is the best material?). With regard to being a movie from the book I have read, this comes back to the "Fight Club" on my list (above). Since the film I saw in 2003, this is about five five (somewhere behind the "Mystic River"). Compared to "Harry Potter", Stanley Yelnats takes the nose to Harry's head and brings the final blow to death with a scent sneaker for the potter's nose. Everyone should see this film because it all informs and incorporates. Here you finish my rant!
