And I am bad! One of the most interesting films I ever enjoyed was watching. What is so amazing that that very rarely a book to turn into movies that are not only good, but if possible better than the novel was based. Maybe in the case of the Lord of the Rings and Trainspotting, but it is a common event. But I think that the fact that Louis Sachar was involved from the beginning helped people, so that the film is closer to the story but it takes even more. This film has many features that make it: <br /> <br /> 1. A unique, original story with a good mix of fun and humor, but the edge of maturity. 2. Brilliant actors. Adults and children alike, these actors know how to bring stories to life and give their line with enthusiasm and style without going overboard, as sometimes happens with children's movies. 3. breathing environment. And it doesn't matter whether it is real or CGI, the environment itself is a jewel. I especially love the pictures of holes from the eyes of the bird eyes. 4. A talented director who breathes life into a book and turns it into technicolor technology. The change in time works well and grashes the top of the book, which leads to the film. 5. Louis Sachar! The boy who was with me read a book not from beginning to finish so I can't put it down. He makes sure that the script puts it in the book, and new bits are added to make it better. 6. And say on the script! One Liner in this is smart, funny and unpatronising. But there are also places to make you smile, grow, and touch your heart to love this story more. 7. Sounds good sound. There is no song in this film that I have never had, and that's something that I think I need to be a punk rock. Songs link stories and add additional jazz to film style. If you are going to buy a film, I recommend to buy a sound voice also, especially for "Only", which spins the story and has chorus from the book. <br /> <br /> I'm not working for people who made Holes, by the way, I am just a fan, snatching my favorite movie and giving you an eligible audit. If you haven't seen, do it. Now. That's very instant. Go!
