Gruveyman2 (view below) you are a complete idiot ... blind for ignorance and the city you believe. The color of the color, that you deliberately emphasize the top SF film, which makes you look like a LA A ** hole! The only reason you heard the film was personal thanks for SF because you are jealous. Of course you do not know because you are so LA. First of all the film was really about a good city; what was published there and what was done by some of its most famous locals. It says nothing wrong about LA; and these living directors choose to live in a beautiful city on LA. They are aware that they went to a film school in LA and they are truly proud of that fact. They know that the SF is near the LA which is profitable. The only bad thing that said about LA, was about the laborers. The label traders hated these movies when they first saw them, but the same film continued to be the world's largest movie. So why will they not hate towards establishing the label's label and studio system? These are the only people who try to "get rid of" and for good reason! Don't be so smart! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is "called" the director of San Francisco? What? He can not be considered that? And who led God? Coppola did. It was his vision that told the story on the screen that won the best photo prize. So who gave him a job? He admits in the document that he would not even make the film .... So what do you say? And why Sophia wants to live LA? And that proves how you are? And tell me how they are not realistic when they give a lot of money to their movies. Movies that are now considered normal. And, while making films from studios, one was the LA they came to and said we wanted to make these pictures and two, they used the money they had made to make these pictures. They said exactly that in the film. "Giving your personal and personal praise will take the place of human dignity and more acceptance if you refer to the foot you say is better than this film." "pronouncing-ness" and "bragging" suddenly having "air" of respect and personal approval ... if they do not come back LA? What a stupid and meaningful view! You have inserted big words there .... and I don't know how to use! And, by the way, they never wanted to say they were better than LA! Why are they giving someone from New York a LA .... and what is hell? So if they go to LA or New York they are hypocrites to just choose to live in the SF? You have no meaning. San Francisco is proud of its own heritage and people who are doing it today. This film focuses on one feature ... film making. For you to take the time and kind of a very bad comment about the city (not the movie! But the city and its people) just confirm what we Northern California hate about people from LA! THIS IS THE GREAT DOCUMENTARY ... TRAINING MESSAGE, HERE IS FROM THE WORK OF BAY ... WHAT DO YOU THINK FOR ALL.
