MY CAMPAIGN ME is a fraudulent film. In fact it is a difficult view in children's psychology and provides interesting insight into the development of adults and artist. On this surface is looking for nostalgic on home movies made in the 80s and a group of top children. One film director, Darren Stein, had access to video cameras and quickly took it as an art leader for all movies. Indeed, these are some good children who enjoy. But, this is also much more. This is a look at some time when children are having a lot of frustration that we all face life - fear, wake up sex, loveless opinion, loneliness and try just to get the meaning of a whole world that seems to explode everywhere. When we are older we expect to forget how the realities of life were when we were young. What makes this film more accurate is looking at the little Darren Stein turning into a small amount of film manufacturer. It is clear that Darren runs this show with these small movies is his vision but all are aware of his friends, their problems, the dynamics of individuals and the general confusion about the fear of adult life. Many children make home movies, but I have never heard or seen children having a "small" film about destruction, homosexuality, nuclear warfare and inability to enter and make friends. These children are faced with dealing with other serious issues! The power of this film is the way Stein and Shell looks at various events together with the interviews with children — both adults now and all yet hypocrites. This adds a new angle to the film. What? How many of us are sitting in contact with our childhood friends? These children. And, many of the issues that they have addressed are still walking between them two decades later. Among the conflicts - the crush's confession reflects the heart is still broken, the normal sex state continues to be a "stick" lesson between two men, a certain hate on the dynamics of relationships and there is still a member of this team who is still very responsible for in the center center! Which makes a perfect impression if someone looks at these home films in front of a few years. Darren Stein is a director. There is no doubt about it. <br /> <br /> Stein and Shell turn to talking to each other and once can't help but consider the consistency of allowing us to watch the lives of these young people. This is true for Stein who has succeeded in the entertainment industry as a film producer, author and director. From the first time of SITING IN ME we can see the emergence of a young gay boy trying to make it all. We also see the sides of the mind and artistic skills that are not "good" or "caring" - and, this is a bold argument for any artist who can share with the audience. There is a lot of time to open, but the most confused and complicated time includes a film that we see the victim of the Jewish concentration camp and persecuted by the Nazis. We discover the interviews and the presentation that Nazi is played by a Jewish child and part of the victims plays with a good child. It is a difficult time in which it comes into the dark part of fear and how children are working on the fearsome world of adults that they cannot understand more than a child. <br /> <br /> This is more than home movies. This document takes pain, beauty, joy and sadness to grow. Powerful items — and better to see! <br /> <br />:
