God! Zorro has been the subject of many films like Tarzan, and perhaps had many actors as head responsibility. This serial is one of my personal preferences, and as mentioned earlier, is one of the top 5 Voice names. Typically, this is one of the productions found in this 1939 water year. * During this production in '39, Zorro was well-known as Pulp's authors of film and film. The film opens with a few footnotes on the history of Mexico's history for independence from the Kingdom of Europe, namely Spain. The story welcomes the comparison with the American Revolutionary War. This story focuses on the historical nation of San Mendelito and his 'Council'. It was addressed to Benito Juarez ** on the relationship of gold to the new Republic of Mexico. Gold loads should reach Mexico City. Don Francisco Mjomba to Diego Vega, says he has organized a team of workers to act as a defense force for a meeting of gold. The Oro group, the 'boast' yourself and challenges Don Francisco for duel for swords, Don Frasncisco through. Suddenly the darkness of the darkness is covered and the tenant appears to be a sword of war and after marking the mark 'Z' on the face of the evil man, he sends him to the Hereafter. Don Francisco says with his breath of his Ramon's death (William Corson) that Zorro is his nephew from the city of Los Angeles. He also tries to tell the true identity of Don del Oro, but it ends time before completing the statement. There is a great reception for Diego at Don Francisco Hacienda, where Diego breaks Ramonister (also the Don Francisco district) and his shy act. "FOP !!", he says. Later, Diego and Ramon began to join a volunteer meeting. When they ask, "Who will lead us to Don Francisco now dead?", Ramon says "Zorro, we are a Truck Fight Legion!" Well there is a great battle with Legion, now all dressed in gray, and masks and capes, protecting Gold Train. Then Zorro seems to be locked in a human basin that has a convoy aim, while, well, you know the end of the First Cliffhanger Source. That was a lot of text for one Chapter, but as other roles, the opening is long and you have a lot to keep the line of the story. Let's just say that there are good 11 best, well, good-filled actions. <br /> <br /> ZORRO of FIGHTING LEGION has all things done for the above stage of cliffhanger. We have an unknown evil leader who makes trouble among different groups. There are a number of suspects like who was back behind the mask of 'Don del Oro'. We had soldiers, the white Europeans, hateful Indians and Legi. In short, it is safe to say that there is everything that might want, and then some, in this serial. And, incidentally, they choose wisely to not have executives affect any Mexican sound. <br /> <br /> Why is there just here that makes ZFL stand out from others? What makes it different or special? Well ........ <br /> <br /> Before all, it has more elaborate and exciting music play and describe the game and act on the screen. The opening theme even appears on the flamenco guitar diagram in Cantina in Chapter One. It may be the only time that most well-known innovation appears in the sound of the sound. There is yet another feature that sets the Saga for Fighting forward from all others. That is, the film not only has a musical theme of the hero, but also the lyrics Lyrics, yes, Legionairres sing! We hear them singing in the opening features and in several chapters! It works well and enhances the feeling we get from watching. <br /> <br /> When Serial was first shown on our local television (1955), the whole group discovered the voice of Reed Hadley as the 'Captain Braddock from the RACKET SQUAD, Series Series. Mr. Hadley had a very deep, deep voice. *** Also made a very good role. Her costume and especially the tiny mask was very good and maybe it was very active. <br /> <br /> There is a little entry. The type of small anronism occurs by having Benito Juarez (Carleton Young) speaking of San Mendelito's House, as Juarez was 18 years old at this time (1824) and, although later later the most famous man in Mexico history, he was certainly not and these achievements still. His inclusion in the story perhaps there was money in the release of Warner Brothers' JUAREZ that year, which was the star Paul Muni in the role of title. <br /> <br /> This is not just my choice as a serial on 5 sounds, but also my famous Zorro film. We are reminded of a great crop of high-tech movies that year, what to do with WIND, MR.SMITH WASHINGTON, CITADEL, JUAREZ, THE WIZARD OF OZ, MALI AND WANTUES BC, ZENOBIA, WE WANT TO MUMMY ALL HAVE BEEN CONSULTED OF THE YEAR OF THE YEAR. Once again, Juarez never went up to any national importance until about 1850, nearly 25 years later. Also, the political division is known as 'States' in the story. In fact, they are called 'Nations'. As we are called the United States of America, too, the Southern border calls their American Repubhlic. <br /> *** Hadley's story was popular in some 'A' pictures where his wealthy voice was used for good effect. See and listen for his notes in HOUSE ON 92 STREET (1945) and GUADALCANAL DIARY (1945).
