As a pilot going to the "Legion of Fighting Legion" is one of the best roles over the 1930s. Made when a studio can move a large field, this has a wall formulation in its 12 chapters. <br /> In 1824 President of the planned Republic New Mexico's Benito Juarez (Carleton Young) tries to keep his new country on financial stability. To get to that end, he has set the settings for the gold tools used in capitol from the San Mendolita mine. Local council members plan to steal goods on behalf of Don-del-Oro the god of gold, who with the help of Yaqui tribe, hopes to set himself up as a ruler of Mexico. The opposition is Don Francisco (Guy D'Ennery) who makes an army of locals to help Juarez. When Don Franciso was killed by Don-del-Oro men, a visitor, the Don Diego River (Reed Hadley) arrived in the city. Diego aka Zorro takes the squad with the help of his friends Ramon (William Corson) and Juan (Budd Buster). Heroine's sign of the piece is the sister of Ramon Volita (Sheila D'Arcy). Both Diego and Ramon have kept chairs on local decision-making. Recently it becomes apparent that some members of the Council are in the league with Don-del-Oro. First there is the Chairman of the Council (Leander de Cordova), head of Manuel (John Merton), Chief Justice Pablo (C. Montague Shaw) and Gonzolez (Edmund Cobb). Zorro testifies that one of these men is Don-del-Oro, but who? What follows most of the hair coming from Zorro and its members from Don-del-Oro supporters. We have an ever-fall column, a central hole between two falls that Zorro alone can fly to safety, with a common balance of explosions, fire and coaches and cracked cars or going over the rock. The hat here is a good team of the men's fight to cause the story of Yakima Canutt and Yrigoyens, Bill and Joe. Canutt makes his signature signature on the horse team running and then fall under the coach which he repeated in other films including the "Stakikazi" of John Ford the same year. However, Zorro finally reveals the false god Don-del-Oro and restores peace to the valley before going to the sun in Chapter 12. <br /> Others in the hall include Jim Pierce, Curley Dresden and Charlie King as Don- del-Oro therefore men and if you look closely you can see the stars and stars of the future series with a healer Lone Clayton Moore and Canutt farmer in bits. "Big" Jim Pierce by the way, could be better to remember to play Tarzan in 1927 "Tarzan and Golden Liom" (1927) and for his marriage with Joan Burroughs daughter of Tarzan creator Edgar Rice Burroughs. It is very interesting.
