FULL OF SPOILERS. This is the fun enjoyment of crime quickly and play for Ira Levin about two gay playwrights (Caine and Reeve) who arrange the murder of the rich woman (Cannon) to get wealth and insurance. The program is successful but Christopher Reeve as the youngest and younger of the two authors decides to play out of the actual murder - with just a little change in the details. Reeve allows Easthampton, Long Island, can be Southampton, Long Island, in the script, for example. Some of the conspiracy to play are dead dead and honestly Reeve does not know a little rumor or even an investigation of the death of a Cannon that causes obvious. It will help increase income and its own quotient warrant. Michael Caine is Sidney Bruhl, a megabucks player whose fourth producer was bombed and who does not like anything more than returning to work on a new play, perhaps by the Reeve input, which could redeem his reputation. He cannot allow the Reeve scandal game to be done. So - is another else? - he tries to kill him. Finally they fight and kill one, the document is being done by their neighbor, Helga Tensdoorp, who makes a bucks to sell it to Broadway. <br /> <br /> It is a great pleasure for a number reason. One is the design of production. The house has a lot of space, with a lot of air-conditioned air, which is about nine of what should be the most important acres of the world (Easthampton!). You can't afford the tent of the pup in Easthamptom. The house is not bigger or baroque in its decoration. It's just very common, though it is a little pleasure for my taste, a kind of house that is very clean to fear moving on a thick carpet for fear of leaving a foot mark. , acting cannot be improved. Caine, Cannon, and Fred Jones are very good. Dyan Cannon offers perfect performance as a concerned wife whose slacks are very tight they look like they would be sprayed on, which is equally assigned to her. Even the Reeve, whose talent was limited, seems to find a good niche in his role of execution but death of psychopathic. Irene Worth, as a neighbor of the Helga psychic, was somehow difficult to define, a mistake. Certainly he - or someone like him - was important to conspiracy, but, my God, what he feels snoop his character is, go around and claim, "I feel pain in woven!" I think that to make him a little attractive, he has got up in a suit and a look of the goof and cycling monitors on it. Still, he is heavy from beginning to end. You should join the Ira Levin dialog. Caine sadly asks Reeve to tell him why he wrote all-play. "Because there, Sidney!" says Reeve, and Caine shouts, "That's MOUNTAINS, not PLAYS! Players are not there until the *** hole!" Great is also a call for Caine to the police after his wife's death decline, as planned. He runs himself in the torrent of sobs, can't talk, as he reports the incident and asks that the ambulance be used immediately. As he climbs up, his face takes his usual words of placid, blows his nose into his basket, and goes away, all the business again. The last, although very suitable, is a combination of good and perfect. of the item, he had no bad charm that Levin and Lumet brought to the previous events. These results are composed of riffs-hearted on harpsichord, good fit in the film. <br /> <br /> You probably enjoy it.
