One of the b-producers and c-movie of the magnificent Rger Corman cult was a Ramones car (previously selected for Trick Cheap), Rock N 'Roll High School. It is a simple, technological story story (but it could be used on extra points of humor to consider this is the kind of things that made the characters of Napoleon Dynamite funny - see the Eaglebauer car) about young rock lovers. <br /> <br /> Students at Vince Lombardi High School face opposition and evil prince, Miss Evelyn Togar (played by a favorite religious cult, Mary Woronov) who fears that Rock N 'Roll turns children into insane control, romantic and promise to make the Rock N 'Roll-free Zone. True, he expects to clear the Rock N 'Roll for all students, regardless of whether they are in school, and he has a partnership of many adults who can make the plan succeed. But not like Riff Randell (PJ Soles) can help. Ramones 'friend, has written songs (including Rock N' Roll High School) that he wants to give Ramones, and trying to do so, has been rejected by Miss Togar who does everything he can to stop him from watching Ramones playing in the city. It faces a final revolt among adults who are disgusted and fun with young people (in the end that you remember on the Scope, somewhat). After the years of punk, while the popularity of the garage makers, Ramones (and others) would mark another symbol of the change of music, it was good to see a film that celebrated all the fun and so pleasant, interesting. <br /> <br /> It is the most powerful comedy, but the great-comedy feel better when you are in the situation of something more put back reminding you. With Jerry Zucker (the popularity of Birds) and Joe Dante (the popularity of Gremlins) all involved in some leadership, you can get an idea of ​​what kind of humor you have (and not to mention, expecting to see Dick Miller even if just a few minutes in finale of the film). Stories must be followed later (and thus modified) by the mid-90 comedy, Detroit Rock City, which some small character changes to the old gray-aged car, Kizz. I would like to recommend passing on Corey Feldman's car, Rock N 'Roll High School Forever, released almost ten years later. The original is still the best.
