This film is available from David Shepard and Kino on the Pre-Mobile Fortune, NJ, although this is a condensed version of the "previous film". I don't know if Blackhawk movies had just film printing of these pieces, or edited other screens. The original Blackhawk version was called the Romance Movie. The full feature is live, but the preprint for this version had a deficiency of nitrate, and several parts appeared bad, so it could be why the Blackhawk version was modified. Guided by Maurice Tourneur, the film has Tourneur engages himself, or is more likely to own fun. For example, director Emile Chautard and upcoming director Joseph von Sternberg may also be a street of the country Marys (Doris Kenyon) desires a romantic man to remove his legs. , Johnny Applebloom. <br /> <br /> The desire text, the film company from New York (in fact New Jersey) has a western film in the country. Mary sees India (in the head of the head full) and raises the alarm - to destroy the area where the film company is copying. He was immediately attracted to the movie star dashing Kenneth Driscoll (Robert Warwick). She encourages him from his home and tries to become a metropolitan city actor. When you arrive at the studio, he knows that everything about movies is fake. Doors and walls are the only rooms accumulating quickly to set. Walking for lunty of the western hero or jumping for the fun of the heroine is just doing it too. Sets are located on a major step forward, so the sun angle can even be operated. The black servant on the label all signals of "films". Sign up on the wall says "Well No Smoking", but everyone smokes. Even the names of the films (which are easily displayed) emphasize everything fake about the life of films. The Driscoll movie star is as if it is disturbed by ho-hum of daily decisions. He makes a short division from Vivian girlfriends (June Elvidge) to implement this "exciting" girl of the country. Its plans are amazed when screening screen of Maria is stinker. We can't see the real film, but the audience's hearing is just that. Mary has been destroyed, but she does not want to accept everyone at home that she was failing, so she keeps seeing Driscoll and we have lunch with her in a studio restaurant with additional extra clothes like police, soldiers, cowboys, etc. . Mary decides to stay with Driscoll. In association with the movie "friends", admits to marry him though there is no great love among them. Surprised, her mother looked, with a particular cake for the birth of Mary. This leads Mary to re-examine her future. This film has all kinds of interesting events, film sets, wear rooms, editing rooms, etc. If you have been wondering what went on events when the silent film was made, this film looks behind the scenes.
