Riff Randell is a fan, a favorite teacher of the rock group; Ramones and so many students in school. But the new striker, Mrs Togar thinks rock 'rock' is a bad influence for students, especially music from Ramones. So when Riff finds them working in the city, he leaves the class for several days to get a ticket for himself and his friends. But when Mrs. Togar finds out why she took those days away she takes the ticket. When, this happens Tom Roberts is quite love struck on the Riff, but a friend of Riff Kate Rambeau feels the same way on Tom. But Riff has his eyes fixed on the lead singer Joe Ramone and hopes to get to the concert to play his song. <br /> <br /> Happy! Happy! Happy! Yep, that's actually 'Rock N Roll High School' does not drift away from the main purpose ?? speech, daggy romp! It was not what I expected, certainly. Everyone who participates in this dandy project looks like they have a good time and a relaxing nature that shows on the screens and energy offered by a glowing spirit, which makes the experience worthless. That's not to say I think his art and plot is as useless as it could be. But this hard look, a basket trip that grows in some beautiful beautiful jinks, there is no ability to wipe my face. It's tacky, very cheesy, in large quantities, but damn is funky-dory! This low-budget feature, b-grade from the producer Roger Corman and John Dante who was a collaborator of the partnership (and with him explained the scenes when director Allan Arkush was given a hospital on the last day of the shot). In fact it is the honor of glory on the move of the 1950s to decline with the bearing clichés and throwing it into the center of the rebellion of the boy because of the gap between them and adults (who always know better). These features may not be particularly clean, but they are appealing because of the strong treatment of gusto. Film has only one thing on mind, go out to the bang! And they can do that. With the loyalty of Ramones, who play themselves. True, you can say his video one big video, for it's about Ramones? well, many of them however. I see so much in the capacity of the Ramones Actor. These are musicians not actors, which means not about their work here, is the music we want to dig. They here do! Which, it provides the same with the songs of donkeys that dropped the film in order to create the vibe completely. In particular, their exhibition of the flamboyant festival. Voice sounds had other voices of killers from other artists such as Devo, Velvet Underground, MC5, Fleetwood Mack, Eddie and Hot Rod and Alice Cooper. But these flying songs are well fitted and feel no matter and even the marks were done well. Particularly in events related to Ms Togar and a symbol of acceptance of a positive attitude around her mind. Film films are very good as a racy player with a racy speed between the voting tunes and groups emerging from slapstick routes that are sometimes clever, language-to-cheek talks. The release of a good measure is many types of light and heavy, which I have enjoyed so much and have given them a very high level of expression. What else gave the film to add more was to be the PJ Soles of God (known for its performance in Halloween), who gave them a performance as a bracelet Riff Randell. Other example exhibitions were Dey Young, like Kate Rambeau's best, Vincent Van Patten as Tom Roberts loved and went to the Eaglebauer person who played with Clint Howard. Also the high drawer of Corman is constantly underway to the great exhibition of Mary Woronov who is better as Ms. Togar who has pushed his improper rule to students, Paul Bartel as Mr. McGree and a small role of support from Dick Millar towards the end. The passion work is very good, but it goes well with the material and there is some beauty from these characters, but we despise Bio Togar and its goons to track the hall. <br /> <br /> There is no hit near the forest here when I say 'Rock' n 'Roll High School' is a hoot of addiction, of rad time!
