WOMAN WANTED TO DO IT WAS NOT UNDERSTANDED IN 1959 that a number of cuts and a three-year passage were needed before the opening in 1962. Today it is difficult to imagine how anyone could take it seriously even in 1959; The thing is lurid and irrelevant, but it is also very strange to the deepest bumptious way. The story, of course, deals with a doctor who is a great attempt to transplant legs - and when a friend's girl being killed in a car accident hits her head in her secret laboratory. With the help of a few mobile string, a few a couple, and what looks like a hot baking pan, brings his head again. But thanks? It's not difficult. In fact, it seems very strong on anything, especially when it is finished that the doctor wants to hold his head to another body. If it happens, the doctor is good about this new body: it wants one built up fast, and takes cruising women concerned in the sidewalks of the city metropolis, haunting pairs joints, visiting a beautiful body race, and hunting down cheesecake models in search of rings that will lift the eyebrow her. But behind the laboratory, the head has formed a genetic organ and another doctor's experiment, this is so much conceivable that it is locked without seeing in the laboratory's beneficial room. Can they work together to overcome the help of pain and bad laboratories, stop revenge on the doctor, and save the woman whose body is preventing it? Possible! Leader Jason Evers has a rogu doctor as if he has been given a great dose of Spanish flying; Virginia Leith, the head of happiness, screeches and cackles despite the fact that it has no lungs and maybe they don't even have any sound. Children with busty gyrate for tawdry music, artists make changes to abnormal behavior from line to line, talk is nonsensical even more than a plot, and you will need to calculate to increase the deficit to continue. In general BRAIN which you want to stop comes out as not more amazing than Ed Wood's movie. Joseph Green director can actually put the whole thing moving on beautiful pictures, and watching the film today is easy to take the scenes that convinced the future directors, who undoubtedly felt something when they were young and impressionable and never really got on it. Reduced to be made before the film entry release is ever lost, but the reduction of television has been restored in the Alpha release, and when the film and sound quality are not particularly well just remember that maybe they were 't all good to start. Now, this is one of those movies that you will be able to get better or better, based on your view, so it's very difficult to make suggestions. But I will tell you this: if your taste runs on Ed Wood or Russ Meyers, you need to photograph this and now! Four stars for cheesy-bizarreness alone! GFT, Amazon Reviewer
