Every now the movie announces itself scary or awesome, though it is not recommended. Most modern films are in this category. Then there are those movies that are not only causing tension and adrenaline hitting through your sores harder than usual. They fear you to the extent that you have never seen. <br /> <br /> "Halloween" is a film. It takes many risks that can make many film manufacturers beaten. But almost all work. "Halloween" is surprising in its simplicity, and horrible in general. <br /> <br /> Stories are easy. Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) has babies on the night of Halloween, when mad is free after escaping from a mental institution after a brutal murder of her older sister 15 years ago. Of course, the widow, who is later known as Michael Myers, begins to kill the local boy, and eventually comes after Laurie. <br /> <br /> Sounds called, right? Other non-brain compounds that are full of dumb people and the rods of the year. It's not a chance. I think James Berardinelli puts his full review on "Halloween:" "Because of his head, Halloween has often been locked with all other splatter films that are stored on the movies at the end of the 1970s. In the early 1980s. However, when Halloween is considered to be the father of a modern kind of slasher, not a member ... "She is sure, and for a number of reasons. First of all, it is a horrible thing, while most of the young men into the boy's boyfriend are dumb fashions (one can say that most of the most recent language is head-on, but many of them fail too). Second, there is almost no violence (very little that is blood). John Carpenter knows that violence is not appropriate the same, and it depends very little (in fact, the body count is very good). In fact, one can say that this is not really a horrible movie, at least not to today's standards of many deaths that can be hit on one film, every gorier and more sad than the last. Depends on horrible ideas, and also skills. Third, when some of the characters can do foolish things (which have their seal finally), they do not act because they are dumb. The characters are real people, so instead of thinking that characters die because they are stupid, we are afraid because they are doing wrong. <br /> <br /> One of the main reasons why "Halloween" is so scary is because it's easy to believe that it's true. No hard to swallow in this film. There is nothing unusual, no plot of creative, or "murder" of innovation, or whatnot. Instead, all the pieces and functions of the camera (secure sequence opening) are simple. Karemala only sets the camera location and says the action. What we find is the feeling that we see murder taking place before us. Horror movies may be the most complicated films to make because something terrible, everything should be perfect, and ideas are never used twice. It is a hit or missing game, why would I tell you all the good ideas that Carpenter has (which I am not), can be seen to be the first (especially for being repeated with a small effect repeatedly again through years). Do here is not a part of it because it is not appropriate to be. This is a film about horrible ideas, not a film about the shocking, conflicting characters. Actors act like real people, not characters from stories. No extra. Apart from this is anyone who shares the Chapter, or later known as Michael Myers. It can be scary to have someone say a word and kill it, but it's hard to get out of it (and even hard to keep people from asking why). But the boy takes it away, and the result is terrible. <br /> <br /> This is a movie of Stands through and through. He led, wrote, made it, and wrote an interesting mark. This is a man of beauty, and his future movie "The Thing" supports this word, though The Thing is not as scary as "Halloween." Unfortunately, his achievements have decreased significantly, as is done when a large loan for a limited freedom is considered to be a once-off-for-profit producer "realizing your potential." Beauty as this film is, not guilty. The main opening area is disturbing, but it's not very scary. And it is not the most risky job for the first part of the film. It's not that bad, it's no good reason to fear "Example." Fortunately, Karemala uses this time to establish a relationship between characters and viewers. Although there is no friendship in this relationship, it suits the purpose. We are getting to know the characters, but not the amount that worries them when they die. But once the film reaches the night of Halloween, it is when Mbaremaji hits things on the top gear and never stops until it ends. When the "Halloween" can be convicted, it's just a bit. It is a very horrible film, and it must be seen by anyone who loves awesome movies. Understand, however, this film will frighten the living fear from you!
