There are two film experiences I will always thank. The first was seeing "Star Wars" for the first time at age 10 and my younger brother. The second end comes into Halloween on Triple Plex and my best friend, Trevor, at the end of October 1978. Halloween has stopped breathing, speech, and fear. Everyone knows the story. Sand Michael Myers decides to kill his sister on Halloween 1963. He flees mental hospital 15 years later to return to Haddofield in order to destroy again. He explains Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis), a senior embarrasser who enjoys young children, and begins to move. His friends divide the road are killed, one by one as Michael puts his plan to find him. Surprisingly, the little boy loves Halloween is afraid of "Boogeman," and can see him out. During the execution, Dr Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) strives to get Michael before he opens his anger. They have no proof, no evidence, is a player who needs to sell to Bracket Sheriff (Charles Cyphers). If the plot is opened, you have a film that is offensive rather than threatening at affordable prices. Alfred Hitchcock once said, "You can have four men on the playing card and they don't know there is a bomb and it goes away. This is a cheap thrill. However, put four men at a table that finds a bomb and discuss what to do about it - then it does not come out, then you have an emphasis. ”Director John Carpenter takes that advice to hilt in Halloween. The audience will see her love out, watch, persuading her victims. We decrease. Will he kill him? When will he kill him? Then, Michael will disappear. The painter also uses doubts instead of special effects that usually show the year. This movie has little blood, but it still produces good dirt. One of the best events is Michael raising Bob off. He returns the knife as he appears in the moonlight, then he runs it. All you hear is a big thud, then the audience sees Bob's feet dropped without survival. The work of the craftsman was the first to use the line from the killer. This also attracts our listeners. What will he do? What is going on in his mind? Finally, the creator's scope of skills creates tension. In addition, writing screen and do it by Debra Hill gives us a story that develops the characters we care about. Youth is not a "party of the party," but only through the means of rebellion against the destruction of young people. Finally, there is some respect to act in this "B," under the budget of thriller. Nick Castle who plays "Shape" (Michael) adds something to a senseless killer. It's cool, angry, and no disease. Moreover, the personality makes everything in the same way. He only kills when he is bound, or set up a trap. He destroys the victims away. It also depends on strong strength. And the mask that is used (William Shatner's poetry) expresses a sense of something that has no soul or feeling. When Pleasance plays a story in its deaths, she comes as a fearful, desperate person, and decides. It made me ask if he tried the attempt to lose the modern expression of evil. However, the crown of the crown is Jamie Lee Curtis' beginning. He plays Laurie's character as a fearful man, but he has also decided the power he is fighting back. The end is one that has left me without saying. This was the first thought of a fatal killer who could not be stopped. Films like Star Wars have advantages that can always be interesting. Halloween, and horrible movies, however, have no advantage. So if we can erase our thoughts at first we get a movie to see it again as new and new, Halloween will be the movie I will choose.
