As I said earlier, the 1978 classic John Carpenter is one of the first two movies that I can remember and see so much (and the other being the Greek Conan). It's really afraid of me being a monster just under my bed was Michael Meyers, whom I finally was a friend (friend friend) prevented me from killing me in my sleep. Now that's scared for 10 years. It is a very frightening thing and I'm sure my normal review will not do the right. The most amazing thing is that the film is still working, probably not the intestinal responses but more likely to diagnose or subconscious quickly. All of this can happen. It is not in an impossible situation or located in a foreign country (as the most modern fear is, namely, Hostel, Touristas, Cry Wolf, Saw, etc.). Sometimes it is clear when others lack our thoughts. I believe it is this feature that prevents people from worrying or at least the worries of going out at night and the sound of the voice sign still appears on their head. It still works because we can replace higher or higher killings and anything more horrible that our minds can create. So we contribute to our fears and concerns. The painter puts a simple story about a class of daily, middle, village and guilty child who takes Halloween and murders his sister. Then it uses the next 15 years in the institution (which we appreciate not experience) just escape and return to his city, the worst Haddonfield. In his way he kills and kills. The baby's name is Michael Meyers, though he is not a man. John Carpenter uses Michael Meyers as an example of the required security of suburbia of middle class. In the bastion of security and security of the United States, chaos can still hit. Michael stopped being a man once he killed them. He is not a serial killer, human or psychopath. He is an invincible force. Generic bandits, Shatner's white white-white, and lack of other conversations and then breathe, helps to erase and complete Michael's production. This is the source of all his strength. He cannot lose, he cannot speak with uncertainty in any way except as a source of unrest. This is supported by movies (post card effect), lack of information / motivation / information and past experience of Donald Pleasence (Dr Loomis). His high performance and unasiness sells "Shape". This is also the performance of the first film by Jamie Lee Curtis as Laurie Strode, a innocent girl who prevents chaos in the face of bad behavior (at least for a bit). Though this is not the first movie of the new movie of fear (Christmas Black came 4 years earlier), it is more successful and does not decrease on through. If you are not afraid of long-term movies (like me), this may make the hair behind your head of the headlines on the first signals of the signature. I highly recommend this movie as it should see the horror movie and as one of the pinnacles of John Carpenter's work.
