Halloween Carpenter's Halloween <br /> Is it a great film of fear at all? no .. maybe not for everyone, but for me it's always going to be. The film is very wise and always will be a very special place in my heart. It is unfortunate that I have never been to this film for twenty years after the release, but even twenty years after a lot of slasher copies have come and have gone to the film still had the same effect. must have done then. My father suggested before going to see H20 H20 that I whip and lease 1 and 2 of Halloween to find the perfect story, and after watching Halloween it was quite clear that it was defined and set the Type of Slasher. <br /> <br /> The film program is simple, In 1963 Michael Audrey Myers was killed by her sister Judith in cold blood with a large knife. He was imprisoned for fifteen years when he was treated by Dr. Sam Loomis, he runs back to Haddonfield town where he begins to beat three young girls: Laurie Strode innocent pastor, Annie Brackett speaking sharply with Lynda Van Der Klok beautiful and a little girl. Dr. Loomis follows Michael here where he includes the support of Sheriff Leigh Brackett who is still involved with his story about a psychologist. Michael is looking at the girls unkind and begins to kill them directly, even Laurie's only sweet-looking who is the main goal on Michael's list. <br/> <br /> Staff performed the top performances, Jamie Lee Curtis was surprised at his first role of film as Laurie Strode and Donald Pleasance gave an exciting performance with his small role as Loomis. Nick Castle who shows Michael did a good job as a wicked and evil killer, and his walk with the movement of the body was perfect. One of the most beautiful features of this film is the awesome scandal made by John Carpenter himself who created one of the most horrible themes known today. The Blue Lights were wonderful and effective and one of the best moments in this film is when Laurie's little fight against the wall after seeing her dead friends, and in the shadows behind her face Michael materializes before the strike. Michael's mask was one of the things that sent down the back of my back, an emotional feeling of emotion that worked perfectly. What makes this film beautiful is that it is not a gory film different from Friday cheese. Film 13, in fact there is little blood in this film all the time and work instead of suspension and tension. It was very clear that Halloween produced movies like Friday 13th and characters like Jason Voorhees, who is the only singer of Michael Myers. To make it, I recommend to see this film at least once in your life as a mark of filming and of course if not one of the biggest films of all time.
