I must admit, this is one of my awesome films of all time. The only way John Carpenter has illustrated this image, opening the door for many types of shock, will inspire the bone if it is the first time you look at or your five. Sounds, frightening fears of Michael Meyers and screaming for Jamie Lee Curtis offers this form of an instant worship service and the start of an independent era. I love music, I love the characters, the still known spooky settings, the ease of the villain, and the random chaos of all. No real rhyme or cause of murder in this first film, give us a taste of the true nature of Michael. What? Is he a madman, or is it just a very brilliant animal? The question cannot really answer, but the painter gives us 100% and more commitment to this amazing masterpiece. John Carpenter is a master of fear. Soon his films were not the ones that were once (see Ghosts of Mars), Halloween began its active force. This is her last film. When he has given other greats, I will always remember this as a film that has caused me to turn on all the lights, beware of infants, and follow behind locked doors, because you did not know where evil will appear later. Karemala has this amazing ability to bring you into the world where she eats. With the power of his camera, he places these Meyers images where they are expected to give you a view as if the murderer is right next to you. I liked every area where we were facing back and there was Michael, looking from a distance, without any intelligent person. That was scary, but it was full of talent. I loved events that Carpenter drew your fears from thin air. There you would, you think your own business, when suddenly that terrible mask would seem out of anywhere. As the characters, you also thought it was just a trick of the eye, but that's where the painter gets, it isn't. Michael is not a spirit, he is a human being (or at least we think), but he has more intelligence than many characters. This creates a special dark theme and an unknown sign, but even without it, this is a spooky film. <br /> <br /> Then, if you didn't have enough for Michael just avoiding the windows of your house, Carpenter adds that the music of an interesting theme. I still have to hit the keys of the piano in my mind, always wondering if Meyers look at me through the window. The painter has discovered a perfect mix of fears and sounds to show what can happen to our uncertainty victims. It is bad, and it has been done with the most enjoyable and fun more unique than anything offered by the Hollywood Horror of today can attack. Halloween of the carpenter is a breath of fresh air in the midst of what might be the worst horror of the year, and true feelings have been changed by Paris Hilton, you know that quality is not the same. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that even the easiest way to kill the opening in this film is awesome and awesome. The use of the "clown" mask sent my back. The way that was locked and the same shot one using a child's mask as if our eyes are still one of the best opportunities ever! It completely puts the voice on the remainder of the film. You have a newborn landscape, you have a baby character that carries with Michael in all the film, and you have a talent for all the artist's painting on one. I was able to talk for several hours on this film, but instead I'd look again. It is worth a visit to repeat many times! Overall, I think this is one of the best films in movie history. Skip all outdoor foreign films that think they like the movie films from the budget advertiser and the type of slasher film. This unity movie described the whole generation of horrible films, and still continues to influence on the modern treats of fear. The combination of the real spiritual killer, the cinema movie theater (which usually does not contain much of the most horrible films), and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis is exactly what makes music to be film on others. Indeed, Freddy is cool and you feel for Jason, but Michael is real, he is worried, and he is in a desperate need for infant blood. What could be better? <br /> <br /> Bridge: ***** out of *****
