Halloween is not just the godfather of all the movies of slasher but the great movie of fear ever! John Carpenter and Hill of Debra created exciting, exciting, and awesome movies of all time with this classic chiller. Michael Myers is a very wonderful monster in this movie which encouraged the scores of the actors, such as Jason Vorhees (Friday 13), the singer (My Child Bloody Valentine), and Charlie Puckett (The Night Brings Charlie). Okay, so I am a little hidden, but it just comes to show you the effect that this film had on a whole kind of fear. No more monster who came to the tomb of King Tut or the Dr. Frankenstein laboratory. He can be created in small urban suburbs. And on Night He came home ... Haddonfield, Illinois and the audience will never be the same. There are many elements of this movie that makes it a mark of awesome movies. First is set ... is done in what appears to be a common urban area. Many of us who grew up in this area can easily recognize the characters. This is a kind of neighborhood where you feel safe, but if trouble begins to drink, nobody wants to lift a finger to get involved (especially when a very breathing madman tries to attack our little heroine.) With the environment, the movie takes place on Halloween !! The most bright night of the year! While most people hit the jack-o-lantern lights, Michael Myers wants to create some teenie-boppers. In addition to the settings, there are some good works. Jamie Lee Curtis does a job that can be used as our heroine, Laurie Strode, a old school-aged body who can't be seen to get on. However, it is Donald Pleasance, like Dr. Sam Loomis, who is a real robbery. His description of a good doctor, who knows what kind of evil hides behind the black eyes of Michael Myers and feels forced to take him to hell once and for all, is a matter of terrible story. However, it is a sign of the synthesizer that guides this picture actually looks almost put the viewer on the film. Once you hear it, you never forget. I also enjoy grainy feel for this picture. Nowadays, they seem to enhance the image of each movie, giving us every detail of the monster we should be afraid of. In Halloween, John Carpenter will never enable us to look perfect for Michael Myers. He always looks like he's a part of the shadows, and, I think that's what makes him so scary. There are many instances where Michael is a visible part of the spies on young people (without being known), which adds to his happiness. If you think about, another one may look at you right now and you won't know yet. Unfortunately for our youth (and unfortunately for our awesome fans), when they find Michael, he has not looked for candy on this Halloween night. Finally, Michael Myers, himself, is an important feature of the effectiveness of this film. The improper follow-up of Laurie Strode makes him as a killer who can never stop. He is a bogeyman who will hate you for the rest of your life. So, if you haven't seen this film (if there are still some of you out there who don't, or even if you have), get some popcorn, delete every light, call this on an old DVD and watch out for fear. Trick or Treat!
