I have recently gone through the steps where I wanted to see what the 90-year-old films are not able to hold lighting on 70 and 80 scare films. I have been very clear in this forum about the evil of the film as the Legend of Haunting and Urban and such. I feel that they (and others like them) don't know what real fear is. And bother me with a point that makes me go to my local video store and hire some of the classic classic films. Already I have been all Friday so I took the Chainsaw massacre of Texas, the original dream of Elm Street, Jaws, Exorcist, Angel Heart, Exorcist and Halloween. Now some films are a gift for their rights but here I would like to tell you about Halloween. Because Halloween is probably no other film in the history of the awesome film can do, and it uses tricks, methods that do not depend on blood and gore, and they use these to fear the lights of life outside you. I was in the room with me and lights off and as silly as I knew it was, I wanted to look back to me to see if Michael Myers was there. No film I have seen in the last decade has done that to me. No movie. John Carpenter took a small film of the budget and feared the generation of filmmakers. He indicated that you do not need a budget in figure 8 or 9 to encourage fear for the audience. Because sometimes the best feature of fear is not what happens, but what will happen. What was that shadow? Did that sound was on the apartment? He knows that these are terrifying ways and he uses every element of fear of text that I think you can use. I even think he made some of his own ideas and these should be the ideas that people use today. But they don't. No one brings out the lights and the details of the effect, uses special effects and blood streams. And it's not just the same. You can't be afraid of special special effects that make a loud sound and jump out of the wall. It's a time when the killer tries, somewhere, you don't know where, where you're not afraid. And Halloween succeeds if there is no other film in this effort. In 1963 the young man Micael Myers kills his sister with a big knife and then uses the next 15 years of his life, confined to a university. As Loomis (his doctor) says to Sheriff Brackett, "I spent eight years trying to reach him and then another seven ensuring he had never, because what I saw behind these eyes was clean-vil." That establishes the idea of ​​manic and meaningless killer who leaves anything to get what he wants. And all he wants here is to kill Laurie. No one knows why he wants to kill him, but he does (Halloween II develops a good story) \ t There is one area that is described. And that's where Annie is on the way to take Paul. He goes to the car and tries to unlock. Then he knows he has left his keys at home. He finds them, turns out and unlocks the door of the car without using the keys. Audience takes this but they don't. He is very busy thinking about Paul. When he sits down, he realizes that the windows are covered. She wonders and starts to wipe the mist, and then Myers will beat, from the back seat. This is a very large area because it leads to detail. We know what happens with Annie does not. But it is a prudent investigation that Carpenter made that he feared hell out of filmmakers in 1978 and more. Halloween uses pictures of a murderer who was standing behind, has shadows on the wall, dark rooms, angry music and haunting, a bad story that he told hauntingly and Donald Pleasance and shock, worried killer. My advice for film makers in our day and age is to read Halloween. It should be blue magazines for horrible movies on top. After all, Carpenter followed the steps of Hitchcock, perhaps the director should follow him. <br /> <br /> Halloween puts everything that scares us. If you are tired of all the horrible films that do not know the difference between evil and destruction, then Halloween is a film that should be seen. It will not leave you. I am glad to be afraid, I do not know why, but I. But nothing was scared in the 90s, but maybe a film (Night Crawty of Wes Craven). If you like to enjoy humanity, then Halloween is one that you should see. And if you have already seen a hundred times, go and look again, go back to the movie as the Urban Legend. The Urban Legend will take you to all beautiful faces on the film. Halloween will be protected by fear, stuck in your seat, does not want to move. Now tell me, what horrible film would you like to watch? <br /> <br /> And just track after seeing the version of Zombie, lets you understand this more. This is classic and definitive. Zombie reduced its version, but does not remove the beauty of this.
