Watching Fire and Ice for the first time reminds me of my experience seeing 300 last year. It was not on the worst movies, of course not moderate, but his plan and his talk were more common and more common than the mixed and single-dimensional (which, perhaps according to the comic book of Frank Miller, was the right decision to go with ). But its core strength has gone from severe stages and blood wars and have a 14-year-old feeling of looking at beefcake men fighting and fighting a sword-headed sword, and a regular or feminish female pass by The scope of the painter. As I watched again the Fire and Ice before 300 again, they both awakened the same feeling - except this time, usually, it's Frank Frazetta, a proud artist and composer of many paper books and castles, in partnership with director Ralph Bakshi, in what which is not typical of Hollywood, but something of fans to die. What this means for viewers today to come back to watch the film for the first time (now it may be worried for those who were young and watched it with their Masters of the VHS texts back to the day) are civilians it is possible to be mentioned before and, perhaps, that you will see something special. Fire and Ice are not just a part of the so-called Bakshi, but it is more likely to be water-like if it is not my self-one of the few that he did, and he and his team create a fascinating world that is a historic part, part of this amazing world. , and part of the medieval, and all have been touched by hand singers with respect to nature, heaven and foundations. There are little restrictions for Bakshi fans in this characteristic design feature; Bakshi went up to say that it was more than Frazetta than he. This may be true, but it does not make it again feel to the eye or curious at the moment when we don't see people killed or gutted in a hurry or slow motion (my favorite was short-skeleton guide - how they have many tests that surprise me. > <br /> I refuse to describe a plot if it would fail to suggest a really good idea. If you have already explained in this type of style and technique the plot animation will be a matter according to the level of the two groups fighting or 'girl' or princess is in danger or The hero manifests himself or yada yada, it is similar to saying it on, well, Fire against ice, and the characters called Nekron and Darkwolf (the most beautiful man of the ball and the comic book very in appearance) and Teegra (usually hottie who almost * also * perfect for a young boy fantasy figure.) The thing that the plot makes, as a property, allows a series of fewer and periodic inspections around set up, the development of risks in the coming war, such as ogres beat hunting after Teegra and should compete with the monsters and instant and exotic species. And usually for Bakshi, he is involved in evil (if not the most confusing of him) in the center of all the fantasy material. If you have seen the Wizards, you will understand what I'm saying to a minimum. Therefore, if you are a buff animation, search this out for 'some old school' (ie 1980s) step with good design. For everyone else, it's ... good, not good, if I would say without a mistake on its extension of the 21st century, and other changes, 300.
