I don't want to claim to be a fan of Ralph Bakshi, because I'm not. I just watched the 5 film animations so far: Kitchens, Witches, Fritz Cat and Lord of the Rings and finally "Fire and Ice". What I can claim, is that I've got "Fire and Ice" to be more fun than lots. It is a fantasy story of a sword and magic along the Conan of the Scholar, but a beautiful artwork, a real animation and a colorful film marks the very very charm for this movie. It is worth mentioning first, it's the animation itself. I don't care what people say about rotoscoping but in my opinion Ralph Bakshi used that technique effectively here. I wondered how the movements of the characters were. The leading style and images of the true picture of "hot and ice behavior" feel more like a big blockbuster of fantasy budget than cartoon. Unfortunately the level of art skills tends to get a little opposite, especially near the end of the film. Other events seem to be only flat and slightly with a round of body or hair blankets and shades on characters. <br /> <br /> For real spelling characters, the actual action would be normal to follow. Not just a well-done event, but it was cruel. I would like to have the courage to compare the brutality of the live action of 300 actors of Zack Snyder. I saw even though there was blood lost, blood splatters were put down. Again, a good choice with the creation team that only adds to the experience of not looking at the items too "top". Although I do not know "big names" in the voice, voice executives manage to provide satisfactory performance; set the delivery of each line of failure and only strengthen in the case of bad people. <br /> <br /> Did I say bad guys? Yes I did. That is why the story is essentially the story, good and bad story. There is no real thing about the story that seems to be just a mix of existing pictures of fantasy pictures that involve war fighters and youth. Anyone seeking "deep" will be very disappointed. The characters do not get great progress and some of them like Nekron and Darkwolf are one of the best (I did, however, hear the rumors of other deleted items describing the Darkwolf defamation and kill Nekron and his mother. The last to increase the depth of the show for the show. In fact, I can't be surprised to know that the whole movie was just a "demo tech" of a kind of displaying the beauty of the animation and art, and that story gathered together and cast as after the cancellation to remove it as the "movie" correct. The true era of the past, "Fire and Ice" attracts a very strong spirit of adventure and skill and its beautiful performances of wonderful creatures and interesting characters. It is a unique vision of the world created by Ralph Bakshi and the artist Frank Frazetta with a good step towards action and suspension. Would it have modern film films? Certainly not. But I urge the fans of the animation in general to "turn off your high horse" and give this simple but beautiful film to your growth. In fact it's a gem of 80s worth checking out.
