Before the usual opinion, my main curiosity about SI SONG LOVE is that when you are listed on IMDb for 94 minutes, DVD from Wellspring Media in the United States runs 88 minutes. Any input on this is appreciated! Two friends with very bad lives go to the road for adventure. They push it in the same way, and one girl shot at the accident and two of them were walking in the countryside. Instead of expulsion, the film is complicated with gold and instead of children living without implementing, and connecting the boom box as a teddy basin. Some viewers may not like the story that is only available on the Artwork, but without the slightest confusion given to the story, the film would be very simple. You will see how the most quiet way Heaton describes Pastor as "the great man" as opposed to the attitude of "Little control" of Spike. In fact, I was also motivated by Spike's ignorant acts, especially drugs can photograph, but in the worst case it seems a certain person of his mind would decide to escape shortly. But, Heaton was there to put things in order to keep things up to his head too. Kenny Glenaan as Heaton is wonderful, and after a while I stood for what in the heck he would want to take a spike from prison and continue with friendship, thanks to the great performance of Glenaan. After all, there are many reasons during their flight which would have been a good idea for Heaton to just a fool's shaft and try to save himself. I think Heaton felt like a protective brother of immunity, and the trust between the two was hard to break - until things did not lose. <br /> <br /> While some cinema movies are real, it provides the most delicious to the story instead of just shots men running through the desert. Beautiful landscapes, rain, and great heaven provides an interesting sweetness that enhances the feeling of a bad situation. The logo is also common, and the use of Public Image Image Ltd. "This is not a Love Song" and if the name of the film is quite smart. In general, it is understandable that you care that this is not the love of dance as it focuses on two humanities that run away from someone who decided to drive them (played with David Bradley's cool, calm). It's not a great entertainment budget step. For some of us, we are looking for something small and big, it's a good time to use, and it provides a very short time that holds your breath a little. I am very pleased with the latest films in Scotland recently, with loved ones of this, dog soldiers and Tattoo of the Devil. I am also grateful for the titles on this DVD, because sometimes the electricity is fast and difficult for the audience as I understand. <br /> <br /> Exciting, dark, and often, HI SONG SONG LOVE is very sad still facing the story. <br /> <br />
