These spectators were delighted in several film festivals, and it is not hard to see. Director Yang Zhang, with the help of a very good workforce and three actors, Xu Zhu as father, Teacher Liu; Quanxin Pu as an old son, Da Ming; and especially Wu Jiang as a lovely and beloved little boy, Er Ming, around the story that will reduce the cold heart. The movie begins with the person who swims in the middle center of Beijing. She puts the money on the slot, opens the door, takes her clothes and puts some of them on the conveyor belt, cleaned into the bath and is cleaned with a brush and water skirt and soap as she is a car at the car wash. This is the future of speaking for example, and the old bathhouse we will see in the next area is the old one. Chinese agriculture contributes to China manufacturing. <br /> <br /> Pollution? The cultural revolution depends on? Blues industrial? No. We have here is a celebration of the people with their goodness and their love for themselves, a good celebration in the hearts of men. However, I wonder how the Chinese government sees this film. On the one hand, it shows definitely positive views of China and its people. It is consistent without politics without resistance to the current or implied rule. However there is a little feeling that good old ways will be stopped and something that might not be good. I think Yang Zhang had the wisdom to allow it to be so possible. Describe the stories of the old men in the bathhouse where they get back and forth, where they tell many stories and remind them of the good old days, where they can relax and play the Chinese chess battles and cricket battles, where the teacher is spry and boy The wise and his assistant is his son, who can lose or autistic, but who is doing his work with glee and a spirit of infectious and beautiful spirit. Add again to the old son, Da Ming, who has been bound, is well organized and made. He is not concerned with what he sees as the abnormal behavior of his father and brother. He represents modern China with his tie and his passage, his mobile phone and his education. He just returned because he thought his father died. When he sees that this is not true, it provides his bags and returns to his wife and work. But then the crisis goes on and it is during this crisis that Da Ming considers the value of the natural life, of which his father and brother have been living. And so Yang Zhang agrees old and new, and it does so in an interesting way that I will not refuse, especially since his style is very good and has been carefully described. One of the best things I do in many movies is the way he describes a small part of the big story so that they can be resolved before the image is completed. Regular bathhouse who sings "O isolated mio" in the bathhouse as rainwater on it, very happy to Er Ming, sees that he can not sing to the public because of fear of action. Near the end of the film he loses his fears and sings with thanks to the help led by Er Ming. And the regular bathhouse who is losing his wife because ... well, tells the story to the teacher Liu before confessing the real reason. But Liu understands and again before the movie is completed, the husband and wife are reconciled. This type of "final achievement" of the film is common in today's artistic and international films, or next to any film directed to adults. Other fun breaks occur if they trouble not just their artists but their audience. And some are becoming more obvious that the audience is suffering. Here even the audience is happy. Look at this especially for the comedic performance and Wu Jiang who the heat efficiency overcomes any disability character can be.
