"Foxes" are very looking for the results of the fastest growing in the 1980s. And unlike young sex groups that have covered (Porky's, Fast Times on Ridgement High), the film stands well against time. The scenario of the teen's angst is important today as it was 25 years ago and Jodie Foster and sk8er boi Scott Baio (remember?) leads young people who look to see. The film monitors four girls in Southern California when they go through an unprotected sex with drugs and without parents. Young people spend their days in and out of school and at night in parties, concerts, or outside the road. Regularly at home because the acute excitement is a pill, party, or boy off. But instead of judging them, the film is sympathetic, bluntly does not exist, people careless for forcing young people to grow alone. And charismatic cast is impossible to love. <br /> <br /> Movie opening? A long and loving pan - it sounds for what follows. We see girls sleeping during the day in the middle of things that describe a young girl, from Twinkies to a young boy John Travola, while Donna Summer of "On Radio" is being played down. From the movie takes the momentum when girls go to school and for life. Annie (Runaway Cherie Currie) is a wild child who lives on another party or pill. Deirdre (Kandice Stroh) is a male male actress. Madge (Marlilyn Stroh) is a shy girl on her head. And Foster has the plan. It is his job to keep these workers long enough to finish high school while also taking his chosen and desperate mother in the line (Sally Kellerman). <br /> <br /> It is an impossible job with which Foster eventually fails there. <br /> <br /> With his age, "Foxes" still enjoy watching. Hair, clothes, and references to the Olympic skater Dorothy Hamill have not hurt the movie. The movies are just interesting, and the well-filtered ferries of the L.A valley. morning, evening and night. Giorgio Moroder adds the voice of 80s with the love of Donna Summer and Janis Ian. It is probably the biggest desire of the movie is that the young stars next to Foster do not crack such as "St Elmo Fire" (1985) or "Empire Records" (1995). "Fox" shows why they should have. But maybe if Bowling for Soup song "1985," they just hit the wall.
