Bloggbuster during the initial release (it was an enjoyable second film of 1976), the third version of the STAR IS BORN screen has been constantly divided critics with similar fans. The film is unlocked with bad reviews, however, a budget of $ 5.6 million dollars continued over $ 150 million in the box office and won the Academy and the Golden Globes five. It is not the idea that the successful Streisand film business will also remain very controversial. For every ten fans who say STAR is the best film of Streisand, there are always ten people who claim to be the most frail film in his film. Although both sides have a good reputation to support their claims, it should be noted that the seventy years takes STAR IS Born becomes one of the most touching and highly entertaining dramas which Hollywood has been given. For my money, it is the best version of the story told regularly. <br /> <br /> The film is very enjoyable and takes it completely. Changing the settings from the old Hollywood studio system in the world of the music industry was really a great idea, and the screen creates a real difference between the romance characters and their work. This is the main area in which the 1976 A STAR IS WORK IS WORK is actually exceeds the original predecessors. For example, the film succeeds especially when displaying personal and academic problems during recording sessions and end-of-end calls that prevent the display of Kristofferson's song. This version of the story is also believed to be displayed to the leading people. For example, a woman leads in two versions of the past were strong and dedicated that came as saints. On the other hand, Esther, the female guide in this edition, is not only shown to be strong and passionate, but also wrong and conflicting. This makes it feel more "real" than Janet Gaynor or characters of Judy Garland saw in previous films, and makes the story more effective. All displays are expected, even if some of the helpers are not available enough. If you are looking for an actor / singer who can walk a good line between the tough and most dangerous without pretending to be a mixture of script, Streisand is definitely the girl you want. He is one of the few stars of films that can make a lot of banal appearance of fresh and natural, and, as usual, he can make emotional contact with the viewer. Simply put, Esther is a perfect man, a three-dimensional human. Kris Kristofferson can get so much respect for his past behavior, however, he is looking every day and attracting the magnetic charisma here where he rarely is shown elsewhere in his work. Kristofferson actually received a review of rave time from NEWSWEEK, TIME, and even the NEW YORKER REAL EVENTS Pauline Kael. Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky also provide reliable displays, but all have a limited amount of screen time. <br /> <br /> Recording of the film was also a great success, hitting # 1 on the Billboard of Hot 200 and selling more than four million copies in the US. Streisand-written "Evergreen" (with words from Paul Williams) is undoubtedly one of the most beautiful songs in modern pop, bringing even more life and infinite performance to the match from Streisand. All original films (which are included by Williams and Rupert Holmes) are also very good, and Streisand looks amazing - his solo numbers live in long memory after a lost movie. The beautiful Streisand exhibition brings "Woman In the Moon" and "In One Look At You" for an exciting life, and making silent numbers like "Bee King" works better than the righteous. Christ's real numbers seem to be inevitable, however, that can be established since he plays the singer in descending. Even though it is common in some cases (it obviously shows ten years it has been made), the seventy years take STAR born still very well. The film is well-designed and well-designed, the chemistry of the guide is very powerful and always feels real, and Streisand has two emotional events around the end that all suffer. In conclusion, the STAR is not just for entertainment and moving, but also despises all resistance.
