Recently, I and a friend talked about the influence of education and ethics when we grew up in the 1950s against today. He mentioned Samuel Taylor Coleridge, who, in 1798, wrote The Rime of the Ancient Mariner. We were all required to refer to the epic poem in high school and in English book courses at the university. My friend said, "His message can even be called a metaphysical within today's environment." <br /> <br /> We tried to record and just remember the pieces and pieces. (I have trouble remembering Dr. Seuss.) I liked to get two copies of the poem so that everyone could read it. That was very easy, but I was very surprised to see it was made to be a film. We expected to watch the film so we could see how it was interpreted. After all, the Rime of the Mariner of the past is not reading particularly light. After each reading poem, we watched the film together. We realized that a remarkable achievement film, especially in regard to what took place in the 1970s, before the computer, before the so-called "Ken Burns effect," and before special effects often begin to compensate for lack of the storm. Specifically, it is the best of the 19th and 20th centuries of the century from the “small-known artists,” such as Willy Pogany, the former founder of Hollywood. The film has been told by Sir Michael Redgrave, who taught the poem when he was a teacher, adding a voice of authority and honesty to remain true to the poem. Its knowledge is in the subtle category of cunning, driven without "teaching," or being moral and moral. We found this exciting change from today 'on your face' and 'preventing the headache'. Most of today's message of ethics in the film is two-dimensional: severe violence, massacres and rough scandal. Bad is really, really, bad, and beautiful are good heroes. It's like human behavior was not there with any nuance. The ancient Mariner of the Mariner is an individual celebration, of character, thanks to commemorating the entire life of wealth that provides, within the enormous human nature, that is, the ability to give to others. We are proud of ourselves because we have found this gem "unknown", then we learned that it has won a top prize in its community five times six times the "name" of international films. Another surprise was to study the film director, Raul daSilva, is an authority known on the original animation, and wrote six books of award winning film. The message of this film is very important today, if not more, than when Coleridge wrote the original epic poem and when Raul daSilva was translated to the film. If I was still teaching high school, which I did for five years, I will be able to grab this and show it to all my students. There is a wealth of wealth here that usually leads to bigger issues that we all face, if in 1798, 1978, or today - in fact, as long as humanity has a spiritual part. It was highly recommended.
