I have always been the greatest of the James Bond valley! I have seen almost all the films except die Another day, and the Earth is not enough. Pictures of Everything or Something is breathing! Sound gifts ......... WOW! I LOVE PIERCE BROSNAN! She finally is Bond in a video game! He is a BOND! I enjoyed Bond games ago: Goldeneye, Earth Not Enough, Agent Under Fire, and Nightfire. This is definitely the best! Finally, Mr. Brosnan, (can I call Mr. Brosnan as a symbol of honor? Yes I can!) He was awesome amazing hearing in a video game ....... IN LONG LONG! DUH! I've seen him doing with Robin Williams, and let me tell you, they are making a big team. Pierce Brosnan is a funny, beautiful good (I mean to say evil in a good way,) and just one of those actors who would like to walk and connect your weapons and talk, saying: "Pierce Brosnan, thank you for being James Bond," "If it isn't for you, I would like to know who James Bond is. ”He is a good actor! I am a great fan of Willem Dafoe though I have seen him in several movies. His role as Nikolai Diavalo was brilliant. (Did I mention the name of the right characters?) LOL !!!! He does a good job. Sometimes I can't even listen to hearing. I found Willem, I mean Mr. Dafoe, doing in two movies: Finding Nemo, with Spider-Man and my famous actress: KIRSTEN DUNST! SHE ROCKS! However, He never stops surprising. And Richard Kiel, wow, he certainly got part of Jaw's nails. I've seen him in the movie and he is awesome! In fact, my grandfather met with Mr. Kiel, and I was jealous when they told me. But, Kirsten Dunst is on my list of Celebrations that I want to meet. John Cleese was interesting. I've never seen someone better like playing, and gadget to create Q! Mr. Cleese was a hilarious master! I've seen working with Pierce Brosnan in Goldeneye and Tommorow Never Dies. He is awesome! John Cleese's recent project is Shrek 2 talking about Mike Myer, Cameron Diaz, Julie Andrew and Eddie Murphy. (Shrek 2 is now in the theater!) LUCK Good 007! Oh, yes, and if Q always says: "Grow 007!"
