Don't do it wrong. "GoldenEye" was a revolution and it is definitely the best game of FPS to be based on franchise 007. But the series has fallen in FPS's faith. Enter "Everything or something", which puts Bond to third party. When I wrote my early review of "From Russia to Love", I had finished FRWL and just started EON and judged EON a bit violently. Although FRWL has certainly a priority in ignorance and capture the essence of the film franchise, EON is certainly ideal for comprehensive controls and types of gameplay. The mission starts with the normal driving rate and driving SUV, Aston Martin's car, driving a limousine that comes from bursting, dancing two "GoldenEye" tanks, running a motorcycle, flying a helicopter, reducing the shaft and A trip to the laser, and fall for free after the boy has fallen. Indeed, car controls are very small, but the issue here is different types. <br /> <br /> Like the film, "GoldenEye" and FRWL are all that I could expect. But the original EON story adds a sense of control to James Bond. This is supported by the fascinating list of Willem DeFoe, Shannon Elizabeth, Heidi Klum, and Misaki Ito. Judi Dench and John Cleese repeat their role of M and Q, respectively, and Pierce Brosnan, when no Sean Connery, adds trust in the game cases. All actors are similar to the stars, and the discrimination of Heidi Klum, who is the style of the game does not make the real life right. The Mya theme is similar to at least some of the head of the head of the Bond. <br /> <br /> The game also offers tax for some old Bond movies. Willem DeFoe's character is a former baddie of Christopher Walken from "A View to Kill". Richard Kiel looks like Maya, a shepherd of hulking from "The Spy Who Loved Me" and "Moonraker" in three combat scenarios, which first and best that continues to the same style to fight in the movies will be. The sole player of the player includes the top leg missions as Bond. As Bond, you will be able to choose whether to use theft or go out with the burn gun. This game offers many opportunities to use the secret, and a lot of wall and covering of something. Unfortunately, unlike the FRWL, just one EON button regulates clinging with the connected wall, so Bond can end up when it should be around the corner, and vice versa. The game also allows players to enter the "Bond reflex" mode. When you browse your account, everything around you will go into the top style, allowing you to analyze the existing items that may interact with you. Although this takes some use, eventually this mode will allow you to do the best of "Bond time", as well as hitting the chandelier to take four goons down, and add much to the feeling of Bond Bond. <br /> <br> There are 3 levels of difficulty: Work, Agent, and Double Oh. On Operation, you can break out for a few hours. On Agent, a few weeks. In Double Oh, a few months. Problem level can be changed for each personal message. Creating high marks in missions will open gold and platinum awards and impact elements such as car upgrades and skimpy girls' clothing. Some messages may be very bad because of a shortage of checkpoints, but at all times it is said to be done, no longer a member than a single action point in the Bond movie. Multi-player, unfortunately, is not as exciting. "GoldenEye" still has the best mode of the game's Bond player. One of the main players of GOD is a way of participatory campaigns that put players with a charge of less than MI6 agents on a less important message than Bond's. The casual death of a third person can be opened from this situation. But one-player mode is the most complete experience of Bond to date. Finally, as with most Bond games, it is anticlimactic. When the last message is one of the most stimulating of the game, the final struggle with the villain is desperate. Also, the levels that require Bond to be faster are a matter of attempt and error. However, for any fan of Bond, not playing this game is the same as missing one of the Bond movies.
