I am a big fan of saying anything, Jerry Maguire, and almost famous (I wasn't great on Singles), so it's safe to say that I expect anything that Cameron Crowe holds his name. I went to see Vanilla's Sky that she was told that it was a fantastic movie and that maybe I wouldn't love you if I expected something else with other Crowe movies. Well, if we see it, I would like to say that the past was right, and the end could not be worse. It's a very wonderful movie, and nothing comes along until the end. Anyone who tells you that they see it will come halfway in the movie is either false or cannot prevent their feelings from their memories. Otherwise, the film was stellar, and I hope to own it once the DVD is given. I was transferred by the film, and I heard the emotion used last. This is an experience that will give you from the viewer the whole spectrum of human emotions, if the viewer allows himself to plot. In the movie theater I saw, there were more than a few people who lost tracking the film and were misled when they realized they could not return to the program. I am sure others cannot afford to follow any movie like this. I don't mean to be an elite voice, but some of your people are more than Seagal, Chan, Van Damme movies, and these are forms that may not enjoy this film. It's a very brain, and make sure you are prepared for two hours of mind bender, with many ideas later. In addition to comparing this film to other Crowe movies, it is very similar to one course, in all the Crowe movies, the sound of the voice is characteristic itself. This is almost entirely due to the long-term relationship of Crowe on music, as anyone who has seen Almost Famous knows, and with his marriage to the heart of Nancy Wilson's heart. It was also worth recognizing that there was a definitive chemistry between Tom Cruise's act and Crowe's leadership which made the movie look familiar to anyone who saw Jerry Maguire. In my mind, that's not a bad thing. However, if I had to compare this film with any other film, I would like to say this: if you have enjoyed the game of David Fincher, you will almost certainly be a fan of vanilla atmosphere.
