Warning: It contains trophies. Open Your Eyes / Do <br /> If you haven't seen this film and plan a plan to do it, stop reading here and take my word for it. You see this film. I have seen four times so far and I have not yet developed my ideas about what happened especially in the film. That's all I will say because if you haven't seen this film, then stop reading right now. If you read then I will ask you questions and maybe if anyone has any answers you can write to me and let me know what you think. I remember my English Grade 11 teacher very well. His name was Mr. Krisak. For me, he was wiser than his years and he had this way of teaching things that you probably don't want so much. If we didn't like Shakespeare, then he turned the story into today's modern romance and modern day language so that we could understand it. The class room was never a room, it was a small house and we were in a reading book during our leisure time. This was his permanent way of writing something in our sponge mind. I am starting this Vanilla Sky review for this skilled person because he gave us a solid job in my mind, like a long lost friend's phone number, and finally made me feel after my view Matrix. Now if I didn't know more, I would like to think that the Wachowski brothers were really just for my teacher Mr. Krisak. But to give them the benefit of doubt, we will think not him. But that was the first time that this work was anything impossible. He asked us to reveal ourselves to him and ourselves that we were real. Show me how you can say that you are real. This got the class to delete all the common ideas that I'm sure you can think of. Everything from the pain, hearing of the impression of the loss of hunger was hit by our teacher to prove that we were real. After each incident we have given him, he will return with one answer that will leave us without a speech. "What if you have nothing but someone's dream?" What if you were someone else's dream? The question that is bothering. This was a question / situation that we were given about 15 years ago, before the use of web stars and rapid computer development. How can it appear back? But if you look at today's technology, now ask yourself, what part of someone else's dream would you be. <br /> <br /> Another brilliant but surreal film this year, the Mulholland Drive of David Lynch to explore the same places. But the Vanilla Sky goes more than any film that can hope. In short this is a single film that will be realistic (if you allow it) to hit your thoughts from all the possibilities around you. Open Your Eyes. Tom Cruise plays David Aames, a boy, a fire shot, a fair, full of publisher and a newspaper owner. He inherited this from his father and though he has talent and business savvy, his board of governors, Seven Messengers, think that it is a rich dink born with a spoon of his mouth. They feel that they have not done something that deserves the success of each one they believe they should go to. Earlier in the movie we meet one of David's fingers called Julie Gianni, played with improper perfection but of bombastic and Cameron Diaz. David and Julie are playing a good game, all claiming to be there to spend each other and not a little bit interested in male and female relationships. This is a kind of relationship similar to other David's strokes he was in the sexual prime of his life. And although they all say a good game, we can say that only one is actually telling the truth. Then we meet Brian Shelby, played with a mental stroke and Kevin Smith's best friend Jason Lee. Brian writes a book that David will deal with but also very good friends. This is something that David has very little in his life and can see real concern directly in the film. Brian has one of the most popular verses that he always tells David. And that's "sweet not sweet without bitterness." He is going to tell him that one day he will find true love and not just this lover of a time when he seems to be involved with all the flozones who sit in his bed at night or two. At the time of David's great feast, (so great that he likes Steven Spielberg wants a happy birthday) Brian enters his date, Sofia Sorrano, played with Penelope Cruz and what is most suitable for this year and actress. This is just a welcome welcome and for the first time David and Sofia seem to be friendly. And typically the example of David, despite his good friend being there, begins to play with Sofia. To frustrate things, Julie shows anonymous and begins to investigate David. David then spends night and Sofia, but they only talk and draw pictures of each other. No panky of hanky. The next day, as David leaves Sofia's apartment, he is greeted by Julie, who gives him a ride and from there ... well, I think we've seen ads. That's all I will say the truth about the plot, because from here the film reduces the truth and what is the wrong view. We are described in the character played by Kurt Russel and a few of the shady that all share in this labyrinth as haze. There is a lesson of death and the possibility of rest as well as all the treatments that may or may not be possible for eternal life. This is just one of the possibilities of exciting film gives us, but it doesn't live there. <br /> <br /> As many films seem to flourish today, this film has a secret. Six Sense may have begun this desire, but look back and you can probably thank the Angel Heart for starting a craze. Regardless of how it happened, Vanilla's atmosphere has one of its sterile sticks. And what makes this happy is that the film gives you many clear signals on the way but it is not enough to give you a good gauntlet solution to the truth and the lies you make. I have seen this film four times and every time it has been because I want to see if there is anything more I can take, something more I can understand. So that you can work your mind at the theater, to facilitate opening new possibilities is a few things in the film. All of the ersatz which is called "Best Photo of the year" has been good but no surprising. They don't have a substance. Good mind was surprising but flat, The Royal Tenenbaums was interesting but uneven. Vanilla Sky is a rarity because it is a film that lets you want for more still proves your satisfaction for the film and those who have kept it. I know this film has received mixed views but I just think that those who don't like it don't know at all. This is how text films are supposed to be the same. This is the film that should be done for you. It's got to make you laugh something. Most of the other films this year have been empty space. This is not. <br /> <br /> 10 out of 10 best film of the year. I would like to see this selected for a beautiful picture and I'd like to see Cruz for the Best Player, Diaz for the best help, Cruise for the best actor and Jason Mewes should be a shoe for the best actor. Cameron Crowe should also be. Nothing can happen, and that's a shame. This is one film that should not be missing. And for the last note, I'm sure Mr. Krisak would like this film and maybe this is one film that can answer his question. What? Can you prove you are true? Or are we just someone's thoughts? What? We are planted with cunning for losing someone else? This is the most important video that answers the questions. And I'm sure that it's very well with him. Open Your Eyes
