It is amazing how human minds are; This center of activity that the ideas of truth are created and maintained, and which the world's perception of the world depends on the good work of the brain, this delicate and powerful processor of all senses. And how much do we know the depth of the work, the inside or its capacity? What is in mind that allows us to identify between reality and dream? Or can we? Perhaps our sense of truth is not more than a sense of what we actually see, like watching painting and Monet, where the vanilla atmosphere of its vision becomes our reality. It is a concept visited by the film manufacturer Cameron Crowe in his highly thoughtful and insightful film, 'Vanilla Sky,' and Tom Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz. At the age of thirty-three, David Aames (Cruise) owns the publishing authority left by his father. Fifty-one percent of interest control, however, has made him an object of a well-known person, because there are seven members of his board of directors, and each one considers himself more worthy than Mr. Aames of the company's lion. And stimulating the flames of despair is their view that David does not have a goal that the job requires. True, David loves to play; yet, he has control of the business and does what he sees fit, though the board (tells them as 'seven women') likes or not, and no one has ever had the courage to accuse him directly. But during the birthday celebration of honor, one of the company's lawyers, Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall) warns David that seven is behind it. At that time, however, is the last thing about David's thoughts; she has had a common experience with a friend, Julie Gianni (Cameron Diaz), but still goes to burn back when she meets a woman at her party that she can't leave in her mind. His name is Sofia (Penelope Cruz), and after knowing him for only one night, he becomes an important part of his life - which is about to turn down, as in the morning after his party makes a decision which will change his life forever. And she is almost learning that sometimes, there's no return. Cameron Crowe Director has created and released more than just another film with this; more than the movie, 'Vanilla Sky' is a well-known vision. Starting with the first pictures that appear on the screen, it provides an infinite experience that affects viscerally and brain. It is the secret of distorting the mind that will swallow and stimulate you; emotionally, it is a refuge - and it may leave you tired, because it requires effort to stay with it. But it's worth it. Think of 'Memento' with a rock rock drive and 'attack on the color of the color of the impressionist brush. There is a dark and light, and it seems that pound and car until you can feel blood moving through your nerves and lose in your brain. And they all played in the reality of the true reality around the peak explosive. Simply put, this is a real journey; it's exciting - and it's a bender of mind. <br /> <br /> About the exhibitions here, those who can not pass on Tom Cruise's ideas like Maverick in 'Top Gun,' or Ethan Hunt in the 'Mission Impossible,' or those who see him just as 'star film' of the actor, they will have to think again about his work here. Because like David Aames, Cruise offers the best performance of his work, which should look any doubt on his ability as a door actor. He has made an impressive choice of work a few years ago, and a film like 'Magnolia' and 'Wide's Sight' s Shut 'just a warm-ups for a real and hard character he builds here. And to give him a debt by taking a role that gives any sense of vanity; this is Cruise if you have never seen him before. 'Jerry Maguire' appointed an Oscar selection, and this should, too - well and pleasing to their colleagues. Cruise is not only good in this film, he is wonderful. Penelope Cruz returns to the best performance, if not unique, too, like Sofia, a woman of David's dreams. There is a lack of guilt that brings to this function that works well for its behavior and makes it come and found, but they do not have any secret feelings that may have added to the specific 'something extra' in turn. But Crowe knows how to get better from its executives, and certainly did with Cruz. He also knew what he was doing with Cameron Diaz, who is very good at Julie's role. She has never been seen better, and sizzles right on the screen. But do not make a mistake, this is not a part of 'wearing a window', and Diaz offers a complete packet with this character. The quality of its performance can be measured, in fact, in the effect it makes and when the screen is limited. And it is a persona she combines perfectly with her innate beauty which makes Julie so not easy. In general, very active work with Diaz. Supporting Kurt Russell (Dk McCabe), Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dk Pomerantz), Noah Taylor (Ed), Mel Thompson (`LE 'Man) ), Jean Carol (Woman in New York) and John Fedevich (Silent Ed). Almost half-way, this may be you questioning your own sense of reality; but rest sure, at the end of 'Vanilla Sky' will all be revealed. It is true-bender, to be sure, and one wild; but this is an exciting entertainment that provides a satisfying and unique experience - you need to believe. It is important, and absolutely, the magic of movies. 10/10. <br /> <br />
