I really like this movie for some reason I will go to the end but I want to touch why I think people don't like. First off, there are people out there who love to hate Tom Cruise. I don't know the truth. Second, Cameron Crowe I think success p *** es off the two categories of movie-goers and this film. Naturally, relaxed, "don't look to think too hard" a group of filmmakers remains confused when the plot takes full 180 at the end of the movie. And deep, philosophical, secret fans are destructive when Crowe has one of its characters completely describing the mystery. <br /> <br /> This is a good movie. And Tom Cruise does a very good job in it. I think it's possible his best performance from what I have seen all though I haven't seen all his movies, or even many of them perhaps. Support support is also good. Penelope Cruz offers consistent performance with Jason Lee's fun. <br /> <br /> I love story, and I think what Vanilla Sky is more than nothing. It's a secret, adventure, and romantic comedy, but it's just good news. And it has a lot of philosophical knowledge, and many ideas like stories like these occur in historical philosophy. David Aames (Cruise) is a person who had everything he wanted, more or less lost, was given a second chance to catch it back, and finally facing his winds and the full scope of what is happening, selects truth, humility, and usually to see if he can finally find one thing that he could not find: happiness. Many people were shocked that Crowe laid a complete secret at the end. I think it's important. The audience then knows more than the shadow of the fact that David knows his situation and makes the final choice end all powerful. <br /> <br /> And music in the movie is good. Probably what makes the movie as enjoyable as it is. In particular, "Njosnavelin" and Sigur Ros, which is an amazing song. All of them, I would like to give 3 stars out 4. It's a movie with some substance for those who like to think things, and good stories for those who want to relax. Such a "moderate" way is probably why people do not like so much because it is not a complete secret, or a full story of love. It combines and resembles different features and types.
