I enjoyed this film because I have a great interest in American History ... the years of Antebellum and civil war in particular. I bought it recently from the rack of the previously viewed video in the supermarket and I was thrilled to add this to my video collection history. Although it is not the equivalent of civil war films such as "Glory" or "Gettysburg," it provides a lot of history on the warfare of the war before the Civil Society between the cadets in West Point. Perhaps it is a gray, young, or military uniform, but I am fascinated by the Corps's Cadets story from around 1830 to the War zone. I think it should be like staying in class with other young people, learning how to make war, then later put lessons to use against your own colleagues! True, there were two classes in 1861: one class in May, another in June. The movie does not specifically mention this, except to mention Henry A. DuPont, the first graduates of May; by George Custer, the last grad of the June class. The reason for the two groups was not so much about the war, but it was the result of a return to a four-year study, after a few years of trial and five-year course (I think the first class had attended five years, the other four). As the film shows, cadets were like brothers and often had the names of each other ... George "Fanny" or "Autie" Custer; Alonzo "Loni" Cushing; James "Beauty" Stuart (for JEB Stuart, class 1854), etc.. I will say this film is "Santa Fe Trail" as it should have been because of that 1940 film, when fun, fudges real history. Cadets from various different classes graduate together. JEB Stuart and George Custer are portrayed as the best friends and take part in strengthening the transfer of John Brown's 1859 Harper's Ferry. In fact, Stuart and Custer were not friends, but enemies during War. They are facing (for the first time, I think) in Gettysburg in 1863 (Stuart was on the raid of Harper's ferry, but Custer was still a cadet at the point when it was done). "The Custer of Fanny has a role in" Risk of '61, "although a university student hits hate, Dev O'Neill and Shelby Peyton are human. I believe they are according to Partick Henry O ' Rorke and John Pelham, two people who can look up. <br /> <br /> However, I really enjoy this film or any film that provides a window in the middle of the 19th century America.
