In a cash test in the success of Universal's Majestic Pictures of the filming they recruited several prominent actors from the current form and put it in this effort that (in fact saying) there is no place near. Therefore, this is still appropriate at the time of everyone and it is a great pleasure to see and in my opinion it is better than what is to be approved today as a fear! The story takes place in the German town of Klineschloss where the bodies have taken all the blood of the blood and the scars. Burgermister Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) says "It's Vampires" but the local police chief Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) thinks it's a madman who is responsible and promises to put him. ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Burgermeister and many of the townspeople think the local throat Herman Glieb (Dwight Frye) who likes bats and often speaks to those who are looking for and chasing him until when he dies in the cave. The person responsible for the murder is Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill) who has created a new type of body tissue that gives blood and does so by having control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazer) who goes out at night to collect blood. Dr. Otto has a good assistant named Ruth Bertin (Fay Wray) and a furious Aunt named Gussie (Maude Eburne) but they don't know what she is doing but Karl finally doubts when one of the murders takes place after Herman's death. <Br> Frank R. Strayer had never been confused with James Whale but he was a good director who finished leading the "Blondie" films in the same series and with this film he uses the same set of "old dark house" which was also held on Universal. I am the first to admit that this film is sometimes hard but it's hard to resist the film that has been sent like this including Frye who is pretty much doing his role Renfield just this time he bats friends and beat them and keeps them in his pocket for to keep safe! One thing that does not mean is the control of the mind that Dr. Otto has more than Emil as the film does not explain this and I had a strong feeling that this was a kind of nod to the "Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" but on the other side is perhaps the most weak part of the script. There are a few other remarks that I have seen including the expulsion of Frye on the great caves which are obviously the first shot of Bronson Canyon where many other films have been made and also the color of the Wray color colors which are true colors. Real fanatic fans will enjoy this more than others but I think this is an enjoyable film to watch everyone and for an impressive cast like this is very appropriate.
