This is one of the most commonly practiced exercises in my opinion, his stimulating, surprising and disappointing ideas and amazing performances everywhere! All characters are fantastic, and the story is brilliant, with Jodie Foster and Cherie Currie is just amazing in this! The latter is so powerful, however I can not harm you, and I thought the development of character was high, and you could also relate to all the characters, especially Jeanie and Annie, as you would to them! know all the characters and what there is about. I can't believe this just has 5.9 rating here if it should be very high in my opinion, and it was funny to see Randy Quaid in this kind of role, with this very well written and made well. One part I was given was when Madge (Marilyn Kagan), she is so ashamed of her mother to have a party, and the film has an amazing time too, as well as a much better discussion. This is one of the lowest-time exercises (in my opinion), his stimulating, delightful and sad, and amazing displays all around, and I say Go see once, you're bound to love! Trends are amazing !. Adrian Lyne is doing a wonderful job here, and the work of an amazing camera, and putting the film at a very high speed! Working is amazing !. Jodie Foster is very good, and it is amazing as always! (Foster Act !!!!!!!). Cherie Currie is a hot way, and it's amazing here, I felt really good for her character, for she had a very good reputation that requires help, she gives a powerful performance, and created a very memorable character was amazing! Scott Baio is as good as Brad liked it, and he did his job well I loved him. Randy Quaid is great in his great amazing role I loved. Sally Kellerman is as good as my mother loved him very much. Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are as good as Madge and Deirdre, and they did what they did well as two other friends. Laura Dern has a very early role here, as it was cold to see him, not a very big place. Some of the cast does well. Generally going to see once, it's an underpiece hub! ***** out of 5
