Basically the same movies like "Wax House" - The first Vincent College The first offer was released last year - but attentively, because the "Wizard of Madness" provides so much fun, enjoyable periods of fun, D effect, the performances of small acting and the wonders of disgust as he had before! "Never change the winning team" is what the Writer Crane Wilbur had to think of when he wrote down the behavior of Don Gallico, another soul of the persecution surrounded by fate and out of revenge against those who wronged him. Don Gallico is about to make his first show of fraud like Gallico General and plans to show the biggest trick of magic in history; header "Girl and Buzz Saw". Gallico's pledge of work has been destroyed before it even started when his former employer Ross Ormond looked at the stage and motivated the contract under his nose, saying that all of Gallico's invention was the right assets of the company. Ormond, who was not proud and impatient, who also beat his lover's Gallico wife, withdrew with a buzz solution and plans at the rival of the Gallico Great Rinaldi show. Gallico is unacceptable to Ormond vendors, but? also be a master to create hiding? returns the image of the victim and even starts leading two lives. "The Wizard of Madness" is an exciting and adequate movie of 50 of fear in Grand Guignol style, and a good mix of actions (the homeowner looks at the author of a brilliant crime?) And very brief moments (however they remain attractive for many parts). The 3-D reserve near the beginning of the film, like a yo-yo player with a trick and water fountain, just serves as a filling time with a modern 50 hype, but it's still fun to watch now and without a way to see them well. "Mad Magician" is also interesting from the regular setting, as events are happening around the fingerprint when you start using as evidence tools and the behavior of Alice Prentiss is a clear reference to the famous criminals of that time. . Needless to say that Vincent's price is still an important element of the victory in this film, and also from every other movie of fear this man of the story has ever entered. If no other actor can complete, Prices show a protagonist who is a victim who gradually comes out more and more in intellectual folly in such an unusual form. You feel sorry for Don Gallico, but at the same time you are so scared. It helps its negative acts of retaliation but at the same time realizing its destruction of death must be in death. The price of Vincent was just an intelligent actor and, in my opinion of humility, an example of a kind of fear.
