I can't lie. Despite interesting, I watched the Notorious Bettie Page because I had heard it (and it was obvious only by looking alongside anything about the film), that Gretchen Mol got naked. I've never been a fan of Mol, but I can't resist seeing an attractive woman picking up her clothes. Yes, that can be corrupted, but its head and the core essence of the movie, and helps make the film more powerful than possible. Bettie Page (Mol) Photo from Bettie Page (Mol) life from her physical and gender days as a child in South secondary school, and her new life in New York. He wants to be an actor, but he also has to pay bills too. After taking a few innocent shots on the local beach, the page is slow to become an effective model, and jumps quickly from the pictures to the sexually stimulating pictures. I feel a short film (just over ninety minutes) is a curse and a blessing for her. On the one hand, the film should not be invited. You know the Page within a few minutes, and then it comes into its typical job and didn't look back. But it condemns the film too, because we can't get a chance to know everything going on. He just loves to jump between the stems and controversies that they create before the bigger observation of the ceremony that takes many stages of the film. You just sit there, and try to strengthen it all, and more just comes to you. It feels like the creators of the film liked to summarize many material in a very small film. It asks for a longer order, and more requests for more information. Does not feel; it doesn't feel there. <br /> <br /> Other fumble, though more than curiosity, is the use of color in all films. Most are black and white, but occasionally, it evolves and surveillance of color occurs. But although this may have been made as a sign of early signals, it becomes a bit of distortion if it continues to pops up later before cutting back black and white. It is misleading, and it becomes more interesting to intervene than anything else like the film goes on. Even though it may erase a bit and actions, the film stays dead and its theme. Page, who I know little about, is played free, and his world is the same. Store for a few shade characters during his teenage years, everyone who meets is innocent, and everything he does is guilty. I have never thought I would look at the perfect weaknesses as something that was anything but wrong and ignored, but here, it's really amazing. All at once, it's good and innocent. Even the most treacherous sex in the film (though tame compared to today's standards) have a sense of guilt and of angels to them. There is only something about the body's body body is shown that it is only a strike in a very different line than the naked bodies in other films. It just feels so unusual and strange, that if there is any reason to watch the film, it would be to see pictures of Mol's body as it plays Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> Another reason is Mol himself. As Page, he shows that the South of the belle of 1950 everyone knows (or can at least think). Despite his professionalism, he is still an ordinary man, and still considers himself to be religious. Mol includes exactly the amount of cleanliness - cleanliness required to make this character feel true from the 1950s. She plays with him and the fact that you would hardly-put not think that Mol was actually Bettie Page yourself. Unfortunately, the healing of help is too short to shine, and it is quite a shadow and a wonderful performance of Mol. None of them does anything that is so interesting, and none of them has the same power in their position as Mol. This is not the case of executives, but beyond the fact that they do not have much to work with. Most of them are completely recognized, such as Oscar-designated David Strathairn (in a very little role near one of his best performances), Sarah Paulson (recently Golden Globe designated 60 studios on Sunset Strip), and actor actress Lili Taylor, but you would hardly put it to actually put their performance to be anything except the same. Not one of these characters has emerged, and they are really standing as a habit of cutting off the behavior that Mol runs loads around from the steam in his good performance. True, this film is suitable for its dirt show, and for the best performance of Gretchen Mol's Bettie Page. Everything else is too little and shaken and worse than it should be. It had more work done to develop characters and not just a blast through the story, this film would be the best film of biography. As it stands, it is only a drive for Mol to actually lift in a stratosphere of popularity as an actress. <br /> <br /> 7/10.
