BETTI OF THE WORKSHOP BY AUTHORIZED Mary Harron & Guinevere Turner Guided by Mary Harron <br /> Do you define a person who has been between two worlds, one of the sins counted and one of the required redemption? Especially when that person eventually fell into a disorder of humanity in his last years as if to show his own opinion. If you are a Mary Harron director, you do not be ashamed to show push / pull the nature of BETTIE NOTORIOUS PAGE. You allow the tendency to decrease and return to the healing of the power of God and the church and the deception of the illusion of control and guidance given during the years as an example of pinup. In doing so, the audience is given a bad attitude which is sent forward with the desire to leave his hard and fun and ignorant in others and the desire of others for him and the struggle to reconcile his image to God. Come on a good time, it doesn't care how many eyes have been on it because there is only one pair counting. <br /> <br /> Shot exactly in black and white (with some burst of unwanted color), BETTIE PAGE PAGE is sometimes a light, humorous comedy, and making the film an enjoyable experience as well as which enjoys how much people they believe the corruption of pornography. But the strong hand of the director is more visible during the despair page. Harron is a prudent, intelligent director who will not give us many blows and the abuse of violence in front of his viewer. Instead, he allows Gretchen Moll with an amazing, who is responsible for the title, the opportunity to strengthen his pain for the viewer and fear in his eyes, fatigue is his cry and shame on his skin. Although many directors, perhaps most male directors, will find it necessary to show the heroine in the best titles in order to connect the relationship between the kind of evil set upon him and where his life took him, Harron has many sympathy for his character, his actor and his audience. From weakness, Page learns to trust people again and as more and more photographers love for his image, more likes it with their attention and control over. When he crosses the S & M cross, he has found a way to integrate his need for respect by resisting his entire life. Mary Harron's Bettie Page is a woman who desires to control over her life and eventually, but eventually it is always told where to stand, how to smile and what to wear. When he finally knows that there is no choice of his own, he chooses to agree with God and preach his word to those who will listen to it. True sorrow behind this most important decision is that he still has to let someone else lead him blindly; he has more confidence that this trend will be better for himself.
