Jodie Foster, Cherie Currie (former group of the group group's whole group group of Runaways group at the start of their working career), Marilyn Kagan, and Kandice Stroh are believed to be safe, good and touch as a quartet of titular, who are tight-clarifying girls who are uncomfortable, uncomfortable, uncomfortable, careless who are struggling to grow up and make themselves in San Fernando Valley, California. Girls are forced to make good decisions about sex, drugs, alcohol, volunteerism, and so on when they are not fully prepared for the possible effects of these decisions. Foster, giving one of his most imagination, affecting and underrated so far, is essentially the mother of den den who leads to the well-being of himself and others; he is particularly concerned about a good heart, but Currie is uncomfortable and destructive, whose life of haidistic loyalty makes it possible to reach an improper end. This picture provides a poignant, judgment, often degraded reliable and exploring the investigation of damaged families, non-existing work directly under the surface of the beautiful suburbia feathers and the negative effects of these families: tough, powerful, but unhappy and vulnerable children who are faced with trials and sufferings for their own growth because their parents are either too emotional or even absent. Adrian ("Dangerous Fisheries," "Jacob's Flavor") Lyne's focus is consistent and considering when Gerald Ayres' script is much wrong with gambling, but in general it is still correct in its true truth, honesty, improper childhood Your child latchkey wrackingly chaotic, capricious and unpredictable everyday life. The humility of Leon Bijou, close to the filming of the pastoralist describes the sense of stability and ease of stability and innocence. Giorgio Moroder planned a good score, which makes the use of elegiac efficiency of Donna Summer "On Radio." Simba Kellerman as a Neurotic Pastor, safe, a good mother, Scott Baio as a good-looking player, Randy Quaid as a former wealthy Kagan lover, 60-year-old Adam Faith singer as Feckless, absentee rock promoter father, and Lois Smith as a wife of Kagan smoked, overprotective. The appearance of short bits is Robert Romanus (Mike Damone "Fast Times in Richmont High") as one of the female lovers of Foster and old gawky, braces-wearing Laura Dern as an amazing crasher party. In fact, focusing and moving in detail (ultimately the worst of Currie is very heartbreaking), "Foxes" is just one of the most unpredictable and unknown movies of young people that took place at the age of 80.
