... but the total mileage of the moviegoer may vary with Maria "Psycho American" looking at Harron's stylized watching American psyche sex as seen by the lens of the eternal King of Curves, Bettie Page. had no one with a record of the iconic status of Ms Page, prim and valedictorian correct from Nashville, Tennessee, who moved to New York in hopes to become an actress and lived as Queen Bondage of the Universe. I can't walk through a bio-pic plot of "The Notorious Bettie Page," although I am giving a great deal to the technical aspects of the film (the animated series of magazine about the spring once in mind), the improper use of the camera period . Finally, I will not deal with the ideal time of the film of innocence and distortion, freedom and control, saints and secular; they are there for the viewer to absorb, if they want. Many things change, more they continue to be the same, as the word goes. What I get up for a while is the good performance of Gretchen Mol as Bettie Page. The truth is, the face of Mol does not look like Bettie's thing, and he has never been built exactly as Bettie (though the fool just will refuse such good breast, and no fool, I!). She even plays a thin, black forest that hid her grandmother's grandmother's reserves, but the fact remains that Mol includes the spirit of Bettie Page for every way, shape, and form. It's a brarel "return" from half of secrecy. I've never met Ms. Page (and sadly, it will never be possible, for the most likely), but I have taken pictures and videos, and read all the bios and interviews available, bought business cards and other alternatives to the end, and being honest, committed to Ms. Page since I have ever found him in my youth among the dust coverings of the dust of the dust and five dime. Mol fully uses the woman's essence if I have come to give birth, no planned pun, in what I think is the work of Oscar. Liv Tyler can not be identical to Mol's severity in a million years, and I, for one, thank him for the dream project. Not that I would like to see him completely naked, trying to add, but I can't imagine that his cultural nature would have been translated into Bettie Page. It is not for everyone, more than slavery and discipline is. I think it will do better on discs than in movies; The fans of the fans of the dedicated and curious page will see it. I can only hope that the DVD will be full of full additional Bettie to show uninitiated how good Mol has done. Additionally, the tip of the hat to fine support cast, especially Lili Taylor and Chris Bauer like Paula and Irving Klaw, whose business image of a popular image was the Bettie's immortality door. The last end to the little writer who explained that Mrs Page had no effect on her generation: look good for the Brassiere of Madonna and come back to us. Bettie Page is, if you know or not, the true God of fetishwear. Without her, Madonna and all her relatives could not exist.
