Film can be a mirror looking to see the world in a new light. Good night and good luck, for example, provided an analogy with the modern-day judgment without the evidence and free intervention. It is easy to explore the moral problem when not very close to home: by placing it in a false or historical setting is removed from our immediate state. With pornography, we see ourselves 'irritating' with our elders being covered with good ideas - usually includes fire and sulfur, but the definition of what is detestable can easily fall by ignorance and non-scientific interpretation instead of evidence. Bettie Page was an icon of the era of worship that included not only McCarthyism but a ban on the community (such as the story from Crypt) because of converting young people into half-fraudsters. This film, based on key questions raised in her life, causes problems that are relevant today as back in 1950. <br /> <br /> Our movie opens for two important events. In the first, we see men dressed well, decent in the seed book. One of them asks for pictures of women in kinky boots and prevented - then turns into a hiding striker leading. The second part shows Bettie Page, waiting to be called as a witness, looking at, as if he had come out of the church. <br /> <br /> The first 50mins are black and white. The effects of the old films such as the cancellation and widespread spread in the sense that we are watching the film from the old years, like making the way of healing, skills recreated 1950 scenes, slang slang words and terse discussions relating to film making period. Record records are often intercut - which will delight many and convince others. Based on its theme, the movies are close to a variety of different types of photographic motion, and the old parts of the amazing beaches and fascinating symbols include well against the classic Bettie's old age of health and nature. . . although I admit that if you are not captivated with the story you can get a little choppy effect. <br /> <br /> Recently, we're going to flashback. Bettie survives the destruction of many years in Nashville, just made by singing to the church and saving the soul, and goes alone to make his own way. After its initial achievement, his role of modeling is divided into two pieces: a typical natural work that focuses on his top-of-rainy smile, and pictures of 'professional interest' involving wear on high boats and closed . In the early inspection (recall the character of Naomi Watts in Mulholland Drive - who was also called Betty), she gives a performance that is full of emotion, unlike her normal life (but finally the bland) Message of the day. Has its place still not filled? Bettie is often rejected in the experiments soon after realizing she is a known pin-up girl. But we have never asked to feel compassion for Bettie Page: her childhood child is quickly interpreted and jumping up; when he is raped by the four villages of the city, we see only the threat and then Bettie saves and survives, roaming in the forest forests, and keeping the face of a brave man who refuses to sleep and die. Though no dirt is involved, it's Bettie's personal photos that eventually bring trouble. When we return to court, the views of the pastor on the degraded influence of such images are considered as evidence. Psychologist writes how the pictures lead to "suicide, murder and psychology" for young people who witness (perhaps not in that order). Finally a star witness explains how his child's life has ended because of such images - 'being' facing the same '. It is unclear how 'overthrow' causes death. The text accompanying a series of pictures of Bettie in the newspaper describes how he had to endure "severe pain" and fetal barriers (listeners know that he found them quite hilarious and that words, like pictures themselves, were very clean). After waiting for 12 hours, Bettie is told her testimony - she is one person who could say with confidence that she had no picture in pain - it will not be needed. The 'evil' of the image has been shown. If this looks like a dark age that we have left, consider a recent event (2003) that Ann Summers announcement was banned. He said, "with a whip of a style and suffering with your local shop," and the back image of a woman. He wore a bra and thong with his hands sent back behind him. The sex and sex show company, which focuses on female users (and also supports anti-domestic violence) said its advertising was meaningful, "giving women gender courage and always showed women in their sexual control." One can conclude that discrimination and ignorance of Betty Page's still has a coin. Bettie's religious views are crucial to the story, as the concept of sin is important to Christianity and it contributes to 'ban' 'the nature of sexual pleasure is often prevalent in the United States and the United States - contrary to the most accurate way found in the European continent. It may have the idea of ​​sin and redemption, and "saved", it is seen even in the patterns of connecting the traditional male domination. A friendly policeman (but sexually stimulating) to Bettie outside the court room gives 'rescue' from solitude. Armed-in-shining-weapons can be kivalrous, but also thinks a woman needs rescue. <br /> <br /> Love or hate, Notorious Bettie Page is an odd and incredible film, and its call-up calls for those who hear it. There is a good mix of action, and Gretchen Mol, like Bettie, is amazing if the whole film succeeds or falls on its powerful performance.
