First, I have heard some good things about this film, not between the retro / vintage area and lovers of socks who love Bettie Page and they were not passionate. Shoot in black and white white and added color for important events, the film gives a sense of memory for early life and work on Bettie Page. There are many things I did not know about Page. First, there was a gang rape, later, there was a preliminary experiment in developing work and then photographing, first and cameras with people who are not sufficiently capable of him and later with Klaws, Paula and Irving, who of the kidnapping and photographs of the fetus, meets the most interesting and friendly people. If modern pornography manufacturers were like that, perhaps the best porn would be the result! For the most part, the film is not an encyclopedia against pornography, but it is an attempt to show the kind of environments that existed in the 1950s for those who produce fetish and naked pictures of women. This environment was very interesting, perhaps in a good way because it meant that it had no effect of 'saturation' that we have today, when it comes to pornography. It also happened to be very serious. The page comes as a person who enjoys his work and does not seem to be destroyed by it. In many of his pictures he is seen wrapped up and discovering (and trying to hold a conversation), playing whip and growing, and so exciting photographers take pictures of him and appear in the 'activation' movie of the girlie bondage that looks tame compared to the difficult things we have. It has never been an actor and instead lost it when he was in three years 'Jesus Christ'. His belief in God and Jesus is never worth, even when he is bound and still holds that he has been given a 'gift' with God to do 'this thing'. To see this film, I have more knowledge about the Page and to fear the gentle, faith and character. He is one of the species, compared to the blondes of the identification ID that we have today and someone who can truly say 'There's life after porn'.
