Although the Notorious Betty Page is well behaved and shot, it's best, the Cliffs Notes version of Bettie biography. This film involves his work with Irving and Paula Klaw, a sister and sister team who produced a lot of his most famous photos. It does not describe her life after asking, apart from her religious birth. It says "Bettie real", and Richard Foster as a source, but hates the future of Bettie's mental illness and closed mental hospital. A narrow view of biography can be discussed, but most of Bettie's fans and "civilians" could be more interested in their role model, which they find. <br /> <br /> The film has done well, with Gretchen Mol honestly emerging the look of Bettie, as well as presenting the sweetness that its pictures are full. Character is played if it is not naive, in a possible way of interviews offered by Bettie in recent years. It is more likely that Bettie was aware of the nature of her photographs but stopped it as work and clothing. This support is also ideal, and Chris Bauer and Lili Taylor play Irving with Paula Klaw, and David Strathairn as Estes Kefauver. The film ends with John Willie's character, played by Jared Harris. John Willie never met Bettie Page and was not linked to the photo stems with Klaws. Harris plays Willie as Peter O'Toole, in his worst form. Even though the quality of the act, the film is a bit of desire for a matter of depth. The story is a curse and we never know that we know Bettie. Much like his pictures, it's just a picture. It does the spread of Bettie shortage. His photos were very visible and near New York, in a very narrow market of underground and religious publications. His glory came after his photos were published at the end of the 70th and 80s, and the worship of Betty Page (as his name was often called) grew. From more to Bettie (pardon pun) was in Playboy, visible in the January 1955 frame (Christmas photo, which is installed in reverse in the film). <br /> <br /> Film has been done well, if not deep. It can develop interest to the end and shows many good performances. It moves on the life of Bettie's life, but it hates a lot of information that could give it more deep. The latter is rather stopping. It feels rather sudden. However, the movie should look at anyone who is attracted to Bettie, or even when. The sound is good, in fact connecting the viewer in the 1950s. If there is nothing else, the film shows as a sex show of American sex with the old Puritan cohesion. It is also a symbol for the men and women.
