BURIE PAGE (2006) *** 1/2 Gretchen Mol, Lilli Taylor, Chris Bauer, Jared Harris, Sarah Paulson, David Strathairn, Austin Pendleton, Norman Reedus, Dallas Roberts. <br /> <br /> Mol shines as a famous Bettie Prophet in a beautiful biopic. Gretchen Mol is perhaps best known for being tauted as The Next-It-Girl a few years ago when no one knew who was with a great story cover with Vanity Fair among other media dubbings but together with a few roles of stars here and there his skills predicted seemed slightly slower until now. Here as the famous Bettie Page of the queen, Gretchen Mol is really a star shining on the plant. <br /> <br /> Bettie Page was Tennessee was born raised as a God-fearing girl and a suitable family girl who appeared to find herself something unnecessary desire and love, as she grew up. The flashbacked gang rape is not an unsupported discrepancy rather than a subtle dictatorship of her father of a lesser family than it is necessary to understand how the page could escape the possible life of the night as an actor towards New York City in the years of 1950 when in fact it was time and chance to get the lights in the bottle. What Page did not recognize was that he would really be just as he came. The beautiful sweet smell of God's anger and example, the page has been seen on Coney Island one summer day with a black policeman asking to take a picture of it that leads to putting him down and finally going to the studio Irving Klaw (Bauer) and her sister Paula (Taylor) who are serving their kitschy but are taking care of the sexual germs for a special client: fetish species. > Although the page is very young it is smart and knows that its body is not sin and you can see the forest for trees because she is in control - or at least stay in what is offered her as a job for not being eligible and enjoys in her images that are becoming less - until the hunt of the witches of the search for a few of the chaos of making crime pictures. The most famous filmmaker Maria Harron and his girlfriend to write Guinevere Turner screens ("Psycho American" and "I Shot Andy Warhol") describes the trappings of biop rather good and maybe a little too quick to find out who really he was Bettie Page as they are doing right in showing a preference in his zenith. Great thanks to the talented talented talented Mott Hopfel for its black and white beautiful pictures and also the color-colored groups that remembers Douglas Sirk film of the era of its melodramatic forms. The part of the female part and the American part of the dream fulfilled the story of the colleges with beautiful performances and its column along with Bauer and Taylor as their brothers in smut and Harris have a day of field as a fotog fellow with a taste of wine and conversation. It is exciting to see Strathairn by waiting for an amazing as a senator on the right campaign after being shown a bulldog of information Edward R. Murrow on his last journey, "Night Night, and Good Luck" as the opposite of the role of the table. <Br /> <br /> But you hate Mol's best talent as Bettie Page who can't control and be very intelligent and very intelligent who allows her innocent child because of her weaknesses and now being considered - and the boundaries of the border-kitschy indicate that it has taken the male concept for decades and is still a mark for human sexuality in this country and perhaps the whole world. Mol is perfect and not the same as the picture of his image under knowing smile. Bettie Page has not dealt with the project but obviously gave her a blessing and continues to live a certain secret life that describes the end of time as seeing Jesus and holding his picture 'bad' at once. Shame since this film encounters an articulation that is locked in its lesson, which shows all to see in its glory of honey.
