"Notorious Bettie Page" is about a woman who wanted to become an actor but she was one of the most popular girls in American history. Bettie Page played by Gretchen Mol was one of the first sex icons in the United States. Bettie Page's model included in the fraud and slavery that leads to the US Senate investigation in the 1950s. It is worth walking around the film, all I could think of how we have come to pornography for years since 1950. You can go to the web now and find some of the most disturbing and frightening images that have ever been shot, that the footage was asked in the “Bettie's popular page” seems to be like a child and innocent. Many places including slavery had no dirt when Bettie Page was still included today with pictures of patients where we can see women having sex with animals. I find that perhaps the envelope has been drowned since the 1950s because watching this film because of today's pornography, it was done very well. To be honest, I was very impressed by "Notorious Bettie Page," I saw the film made well and interesting. The movie is exactly what the trailer guides you to believe it will have to look very attractive one of the first female sex icons in the United States. Gretchen Mol looks like Bettie Page and gives a very good performance. I also thought that since the movie was shot black and white it made the film look realistic because it made the audience believe they were watching the film produced in the late 1950s. <br /> <br /> My only complaint about the film was a time to run, it seems having a few cases that were cut and seemed to be shorter than they should have been. I looked at this and it seemed that 10 minutes was excluded from the film since its original show at the Toronto film festival. Also at the end was very good and I expected a bit more from them or maybe some of the paragraphs come to the screen to tell more listeners about the life of Bettie where the film is over. That is just two complaints about the film except that the leadership was strong, acting was very good Gretchen, and the writing was good. Mary Harron, who led the "Psycho American", which is one of my favorite films, is the director and author of "The Notorious Bettie Page." I feel that Mary is a very talented director who knows how to create an environment and create beautiful movies according to characters because as "Psycho", Bettie Page is a characteristic study and a good one for it. Harron takes 40 and 50 years easily with all the characters. He is a very talented director who I hope is around for many years to come. <br /> <br /> Below Under: "The famous Bettie page" is definitely worth checking. It is a very interesting story that shows how far America, with the world, has come to the question of pornography. The film also provides good performance with Gretchen Mol who actually sets the columns of Bettie Page on the head. And on it with a talented director who was seen and felt the original era and has a good movie in your hands. Unfortunately, this film continues to be understood since not many people who grew up in this period will show interest in the film but I think it's worth looking at. <br /> <br /> End of MovieManMenzel for "Bettie Notorious Page" is 8/10. It is a study of interesting behavior about one of the most popular girls' girls and sex icons in American history.
