If this film touches you (as we did and, apparently, others leave the theater) as a thin desire, it might be because that is sad. The film gives us Bettie Page as honestly as she can be: playful-innocent from the Southern Hemisphere who work as a "pinup queen of the world" was for her just goofy, happy nature. His last ethical experience, religious conversion and sudden departure from the nude and bondage model is biblical signature, but difficult to understand from the way that it did not appear appeared to his life. There are many reasons to see this film however, not the least of which is the incredible film of W. Mott Hopfel III (complete with old fat and cancel), the 1950-faithful act of cast down of Mary Harron's leadership, perfect pitch exhibitions and some of our most unreliable businessmen (including Chris Bauer, Lili Taylor, Sarah Paulson, Austin Pendleton, Dallas Roberts and Victor Slezak), without mentioning Oscar's performance that you deserve and effective manual Gretchen Mol. . Mol makes several scenes perfectly naked and many others in the incredible lingerie period and "special" costumes (surprisingly gathered with costume designer John A. Dunn), but he surprises puts Bettie Page of fun without rising in his lush body. Watch Ms. Mol as Mrs Bibi, a favorite actor, progressing through the "bad" examination degrees gradually and the student's experience is to see the best actor in full control of her trick. This document brings us success in the 1950s, where sexual abuse of children, law enforcement and rape, and law enforcement of pornography products that today seem to be bad, is a reality. New York's 50 is removed by the reel-interactive photos of seamlessly-inter. 50 Miami comes alive in a color-colored 16mm color. Bettie's real page appears to be thick, exciting and put in front of us, and yet the effect is a wonderful lightweight, difficult to mild and not dangerous. <br /> <br /> How odd that the large iconic bondage should be so lacking in the venom, and that this biopic technically best should be very sting very little.
