I liked ... just that ... I liked it, not like a series of animations ... I love it !!! !!! The fact that this is more interesting is that we are all trying to compare and not understand, but this cartoon was amazing, but it didn't like it much. There are many people talking about Bruce being very cold, but if this is about 5 years later, anyone in the fight against crime will get this angry and black attitude, so I'm not a problem. Batgirl was so amazing that there was no more than Dick Grayson as a robin, a batman needs a good partner, not like a new robin, he's just a child and you don't want to trust that child. But you enjoy what did not work: New sketch ... it's not bad but ... it doesn't work in a series like batman. This is a dark character, and a maniac killer like a joker, so you can not put this kind of art in this cartoon, The joker is not a bad design but I still like the old joker (but for me BEST joker ever was the one who appeared in the most batman: return to joker), so this joker is not nearly as good. The good thing about the joker is that it still signals Hamil. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (im in love for him) They put a wonderful part for him: love madness (to me the best part of this series). Here we finally know how he turned Harley Quinn, and how the joker twisted his ideas, and feels the situation that you feel in a series of animation, darkness, no end of happiness, a brutal fight with a joker (but it's very short), this is how it was to be consistent all. But generally I did not like how he did Harley in this series ... in almost every part they put funny but through ignorance, he closes, says nonsenses, he makes a mistake ... c'mon he's funny in the way you can laugh with him, not from him ... and here they put ignorance (as I said the only part where I don't think it was in love madness and beware of the creeper). In its overall good series, you have upsides and downs, offered can be better (GO GOOD! that CATWOMAN !!!!) good sound effects, good music, good sound and beautiful events: my favorites, love madness, millions jokers, old wounds, father sins, and cold comfort. If you enjoyed Batman: TAS can view this but don't tell too much, on the other hand if you don't see TAS, see this first and then look at TAS in that way you will be very interested in TAS: D
