New Batman Adventures (also called Gotham Knights) takes place 5 years after the final batman events: The Animation Series (B: TAS) and it looks just for 24 times. I will start with all the things that I have found to be not very good. The first thing, the animation itself: long and sweet, Gotham is no longer dark, the sky is always red and orange, B: TAS did it too, but it was released in dark colors, making the color of the sky was worse, in this show, the color of the sky is very bright. It all looks just like any other children show and it doesn't seem to be unique as Batman: TAS made with dark, modern style of art in Gotham. The art style is the same, but it no longer reminds Batman. Each character includes direct lines, squares, and triangles to make the characters look less human-like. In the previous series (B: TAS), the characters appear more like the offer of real people. Animation can be more stable here than B: TAS, but it's definitely not good. Next: some of these events are also seen lying down with children, but some of this issue is more powerful than B: TAS. (Two-face trying to kill Tim Drake / Robin 2, and some criminals get very good treatment). This leads me to my next step. For this reason it should be done in the future with the final world events of the Batman Animation, many criminals meet their destruction or leave forever. Ivy poison appears sinking when the ship sails; Two-face almost kills Penguin, Killer Croc, and himself, so he migrates to Arkham forever; Joker falls into the exhaust tower of the industrial plant (although he will come back later in the Union of Justice Act); Catwoman goes away from France to stop Batman, etc. ... Because the series is the end does not mean that they should eliminate certain characters! The intentions of criminals are very serious, too. Nothing! In B: TAS, we learn that these criminals are troubled by their minds and destroyed, that's why they do the way they do, in this show, criminals only do crimes to develop stories. It's like Batman doesn't even care about saving anything that is left for the people he fights, just striking the useless. This Batman is a cool and more meaningful version, but since he has been doing this work for years, I see why he is very bright. <br /> <br /> Then, examples of modified behavior: it's bad. Gordon fell below 100 pounds ... is sick? Many criminals see STUPID (Joker, Riddler, Catwoman, Mr. Freeze, Mad Hatter, and Croc Killer is amongst WORST). Although, I think that some characters seem best (Bane, Scarecrow, Batgirl). Harley is the same, and Ivy (who is even hot now) has a green color. <br /> <br /> With the series having many errors, some events are huge- On Edge, Mad Love, Beware of Creeper, Night Night Out, Ancient Wounds, Legends of Dark Knight, and Never Fear is my loved ones here, in my opinion. All the cooperative cosmetics with Batman in the Superman series of drawings were excellent, too. The full version of WORST about this show is how creators say they love the animation of this more original series. In the DVD series of Batman's original series, they talk about how proud they were and the style of art, and how difficult some of the characters were living, but ultimately succeeded and (a difficult animation required to develop Clayface, for example). On DVD's New Batman Adventures, creators say "For Hell and B: TAS, this is a new, new re-vamp, it looks good and we like how we reduce SERIES!" (Sure, that's modern). When the creators lost the wonderful style of B: TAS, which heard me! It is not a bad display, but I still do not like the original animation series. Of course the show does not speak to his audience, therefore for that reason, I still congratulate it. Although some of the events in this new series are amazing and should look at. Superman: The Animation Series, and the Right League: Animation Series is a good monitoring of Batman: The Animation Series and the New Adventures of Batman, give them an eye too.
