This Showtime movie deserves a better viewer than 4.5; I gave 10 according to the story and acting two stars. After reading the viewer's views, I was surprised by how many people expect this film to be comedy. Well, I see that IMD writes like Comedy / Drama under Genesis. That's false, isn't it? Fortunately, I saw the movie before entering this site so I did not expect it. In fact, according to what I heard, I expected to be just a Drama. I wonder if this sad is not that the amazing film was caused so many low votes. <br /> <br /> Another factor that could lead to low rates is that this film is 'character-driven' very much. 'Miss Daisy' drive is an example of a film that comes from the behavior that comes to mind. Another person's opinion complained about a boring experiment. Tom's (Danny Glover) The work of the events seemed to disrupt the real plot of the movie. That is how he was building a community for his family - or his own soldier, if you wanted. However, they served to establish trust and justice as his right to move to Greenwich and move 'up' to the world. Tom's stress was forced. He confirmed that he would leave without anything mixing in the neighboring white area. His anger when the black black man was led by the second door was not due to skin color. It was because everything 'interloper' was represented; everything Tom came back. Basically, Tom was the urine of Oreo: Black out but White inside. The last 20 minutes of this movie are among the most powerful, inspired and manipulated (by Whoopi Goldberg) text. I have had the pleasure to witness. I found that the peak of the film is not an obvious event that happened near the house (they don't want to leave it). The session is the words and Whoopi provides. I'm still not clear if it's a conversation when he informs Tom about which Tom-Two college is going to or when he releases him, both midnight and Tom wakes up. However, the denouement is good. You know that life on that road will not be the same. My favorite flick character: people go through trouble, some pain, make their dance, grow, change, and life goes. As a member of the audience, I can learn something or transfer.
