If not, then unfortunately this movie will be more sympathetic to you. What I said is embarrassing because although some acting is an amateur, it means being realistic. Let's talk to him - in real life, we don't say things in the right or perfect way, even when we say. In this sense, it works. This, however, is not recommended for our "known" actors in this film, especially Jodie Foster (born nature). The fact that 3 other girls have not only reached the story - Jodie has a glue that tries to keep their friendship closer, even with a clear sense of damage. I mean that no matter how close friends are, there are some people who will disappear, no matter how you try. And in it is the foundation of the movie. It's not about sharing, not about sex, but about these four girls and their last time still as young girls before going to the world alone. If you have ever had such a friendship in your life, you will hear this film - it will mean you, no matter what time it is, or when it was inside. We all knew these girls in school, or we were very familiar with them. We all knew the confused virgin, half he wanted to hold on to the childhood and half desiring to grow and think that he would do it for her. We all knew a boy-mad, a fashionable dish that vanity conceals his fear of the world, his fear of acceptance. We all knew the girl's party, who worried about him, and the stories of his sad life of the home but of his bad work. And we all knew the "mother figure", one of the most realistic, the little more little, little more sad because she knew what would happen. Maybe you were one of those girls. Maybe, like me, you have been each one at the same time or another ... <br /> <br /> This film is interesting at the time of life you need, needs, pressure, vaginal, childhood, world and all loneliness are included each female, everything on the rope. What aspect are you going on? What? What do you hit on the edge, no matter how you hold? And what pain is there for everything you know? That's how this film is - it takes a vagina when it is connected to childhood, and how bad it is to keep walking. If you were there, you know ... and love this film, like me. Knit and gently. A good piece of feminine vagina.
