In my line of work, I regularly communicate with independent filmmakers who are trying to announce their film. When I can, I will watch these low-budget films and often make me think that the future of Hollywood goes to dogs. Once in a while, however, there is a film that is born with a passion and desire, as it is designed for the purpose of reminding the film industry that good movies are still possible. Short BROKEN film, directed by Alex Ferrari, is a real surprise and you have a second value. Closing for 20 minutes, BROKEN is trying to tell a compelling story (but higher) and almost no back story. The audience is placed in the middle of the action without a clue about what is happening. A young woman (Samantha Jane Polay) awakens from a dream to hear a gun and is taken from her home. When he wakes up, he is surrounded by a group of mercenary bandits that appear to be at home for a comic book. These boys and girls are bigger than life. All are guns and knives. There is no way out. <br /> <br /> The player here is that, although the film's small budget does not play as one. From the beginning, the feeling is that B R O K N has been shot, edited, and produced by professionals. It seems like that Quentin Tarantino's thing can make his day when he loved the Wachowski brothers. Film is strong and cool, looks good and feels like something big. <br /> <br /> Acting is better than I often see in these small films. Polay and Paul Gordon (who plays the big killer, Duncan) were well chosen. As the two roles of talking in the film, it is them to carry the film. No special effects, no matter how good, it could save this film from the worst acting. Interestingly, Polay manages to provide real fear and Gordon can come as a real psychologist. Some of the few tasks seem to be full of small talents, but do not show. It is just about 20 minutes. The story ends with Twilight Zone twist which looks slightly contrived and is not difficult to trick. Looking at that, I felt I had to have some epiphany, but there was just a feeling that it was more common than I expected it to be. The film tries to be one of those puzzles that let the audience talk for hours in a local coffee shop, but it comes as it is not good. I keep thinking that this is the first 20 minutes of a long film. MY / RATING MY RATING: 8 out of 10.
