The woman's name is Bonnie (Polay). She is attractive, apparently living a very good life, but suddenly given her from her home to life with Evil Dude and Henchmen Dirty and Bad Dirty. Now he does not know what hell is going on, only that a group of armed-to-teeth people seem to want his dead ... and he will even know why. God, I hear whispering all the time. Now this content is cheap to produce and people can create their movies / books / comics / internal entities, there will be no one to ensure that there is a quality level! We're going to sink in the crap! The only people who think these are people who have not watched any movies or read these books recently - because we are ready to float to the death of someone who has died. It is people like Ferrari and Rodriguez who tell these to the untruths by giving us $ 8K on the table and doing ... well, what I say is a better step than anything you have seen on the movie. in the year ... but you have not seen any action that comes into the movie this year. I found the box office. You stay away from groups. You would like to do this better, use twenty minutes to be welcome, and continue with your life. It is a great entertainment. You come in, like Bonnie, and many questions and where anything is living is irrelevant. All experience has been done in the past in many ways but not in a large amount of time and not without the accumulated gunplay. You're in the sky, the mystery, and the gun. That's it - that's all the films are promising, and they offer. It blows the black holes of my heart to think this was done on the budget. We are going through a good number of indie movies here, but we often see anything like this color like this, and we've never seen one done in a kind of action that looks like this beautiful. Hell, you can give these two men MI: 3 and may reject me to look at it. Franchise of Bondani. Hell, nothing. No, in fact, still better: I would like to see these guys make their own feature and stay Hell away from Hollywood. Anything outside of the film industry is certainly contagious. The best indie we have seen in time and the most effective indie call cards we've ever seen. The DVD's $ 20 and has a bonus puts out the ass. Go take your budget ticket to the film and put it towards this instead.
