After the trap of the trap, it was unlikely that other results of Hanzo would do better, and this did not break the prospect, but it is a good film and it sits well in the middle of a fun but second and second second for recreational. quality. Screenplay comes from Yasuzo Masumura and is compatible with Traps, as well as the expected hi-jinks of the Hanzo film, but the film takes a few positive changes on the form by stopping the humor of the character and also giving a quick breathing film, meditation. The movie opens with Hanzos helpers and the spirit, and usually decides once that he needs to have physical knowledge about this spirit. It changes that the spirit is used as the coins of the coins of stolen coins and from this disclosure reveals the story of theft, corruption and tariffs, and the expected outcomes of violence and wonders. Shintaro Katsu is as strong as expected as a Hanzo, coming as active as a deadly fighter and a sexual nature of nature, he is also good at knowing the humor and loved, close to the common gentleman during the game, is a good performance rounded with conscience social and intense touch of personal feelings. The expected comedy comes well, its time with the "snake" Magobei is perhaps the most fascinating moment when its interaction with its servants is the kookily entertainment as ever. Although it is very good at the best time, the right amount and the slightest action, the film is losing less due to the restricted method. There are two original film shadows, planning, speed and smarts to remember Trap and when the film aims to stimulate it very well, with a series of early detection and impact. However, director Yoshio Inoue shows cautious events through more experiments as the work of Kenji Misumi well organized in the Sword of Righteousness, and the result is sometimes very good, such as the person playing in the kick, near the toes slightly on the conditions as unknown to him Hanzo revives his wife, and sometimes it is very weak, as is the orgy which has been reduced to the free magic of psychedelic of foot ulcers in the motion which appears only to be confused. Blood and impurities are generally reduced which is sympathetic, although there are less than two ways it would have worked well, it is obviously the type of film where unrest and unrestricted abuse is better. But even in the lowest way this product is still quite interesting, when predicted is done for aplomb and there is more than enough excitement, even a good surprise to go around. Film it for true fans, play the work set in the original phase and work hard if not interesting. All around it is quite pleasing if the end of the destruction is provided for the beautiful trilogy, the second best of them and well worth the watch for the practitioners of such things.
