Follow the brilliant "Goyôkiba" (aka. "Hanzo Razor - Sword of Justice", 1972) and "best" (and even sleazier). "Goyôkiba: Kamisori Hanzô jigoku eme" (see "Razi 2: Trap", 1973), this "Goyôkiba: Oni and Hanzô yawa koban" aka. "Column 3: Who Ana Ghala" is the third phase, and the last sad ending of the amazing sage on the "Hanzo" Razor 'Ittami (The Greatest Shintarô Katsu), who fights with corruption and skills his fighting with his gender authority. As a big fan of the 70-year-old video violence conducted in Nippon, "The Sword of the Judge" was very much like my time, and so I had a great desire to get sequels, and despair when I finally had fallen on them soon. While this third "Hanzo" film is not just brilliant as its predecessor is definitely another piece of cinema worship that no lover of Japanese movies can miss. "Who has the gold" is a little tamer than two of the original Hanzo films, but it is very strange and very interesting, and begins a very unusual time: the film begins, when two Hanzo entries see the female spirit during fishing. After going to sleep with the spirit, Hanzo insists that his helpers take him to the site of the event ... If not the start of a reliable experience of amazing film experience, I don't know what it is. Shintaro Katsu, one of my dear actors, is once again in the priority of the Hanzo, a role that appears to be written specifically for her. Katsu is a Hanzo, a difficult and fearless advocate, who hates corruption and insults on its chiefs, and the exclusive interviews include the rape of female witnesses. Women are interviewed rather than fall once for him, due to his sexual powers and penis, which teaches in normal worship. I will not give you more on the plot in "Who Ali And Gold", but I can assure you that it is as appropriate as shown. Help displays are also very good, and, as was the case with the predecessors, there are a lot of spelling characters hilariously. This is the last sad film in the series of 'Hanzo' of awesomely sleazy. If they had done more than 20 rows, I'd like to look for them with joy! The entire series of Hanzo is brilliant, and when this third part is very low compared to its predecessors, it is definitely a must-look for all lovers of cult-movies! Oh, how I would have done more!
