L'Hypothèse du tableau volé / The Hypothesis of stolen painting (1979) begins in the courtyard of the former apartment of the Parisian Third Floor. Inside, we meet The Collector, an old man who seems to devote his life to learning the existing existing paintings of the contemporary contemporary Tannerre painter. The preacher writes various epigrams about art and painting, and then intervenes in the discussion with the Collection, who tells us the pictures of us, shows us, tells us a little about the painter and scandal that has brought him, and then tells us he is going to show us something ... / When he walks through the door, we enter into another world, or the world, or perhaps stretch the boundaries, another world as possible. Collector shows us through his seemingly insignificant home, including a large yard full of hilly trees; within these obstacles are 6 photos occurring, or half of the way of life if he walks through a variety of ways and tells us the possible meaning of every painting, of the general work, of all the history of history behind the painting, scandal, people in painting, novels may have led to painting. And so forth, and so forth. Each room, every description, leads us into the labyrinth, and at all times the Collection and Pastor join their different monologue, they often appear in the discussion, but many of them are different and different. It looked this a second time, so it's amazing and powerful and incomprehensible, and so it's challenging to think or write about. If I have to think of all that adds up to, it will satire sly of all the natural artistic interpretation. The indicator can be found in two exciting and unusual events are those that the collector performs non-sexually photographed images - in their second, also looking at the photographs of the images that appear on the paintings - - then continues through its collection, which is now has included regular versions of statistical life. If we think too much about it and not just rejoice, it becomes a non-brain plastic ... <br /> <br /> If I have come to any conclusion about "L'Hypothèse du tableau volé", or not, I'll say definitely out of the first greenery of Peter Greenaway as "Walking H", I've never been very happy with something very deep, very big, very big ... and with the heart, so it's bad and fun.
