This project was originally conceived as a version of the famous SlamDunk Japanese manga manga! and not a new thing for Jay Chou, who made his first film play character from the original original original manga D. That way, he decided to insert some kung fu on the movie, so the head, even if the idea was not The very nature, and Stephen Chow's football Shaolin's football come to mind with military games and football games together. <br /> <br /> However, and thanks, those events that kung fu really influenced the games were put down, and Dunk Kung Fu, in fact, because they do not add a lot of conspiracy do not dance on great excitement, and The more offered cheap laughs and reminiscent about when Stephen Chow used kung fu in soccer games. Jay Chou is well in his position as a military artist Fang Shi-jie since it was not the first time he fought to use martial arts (Curse of the Golden Flower anyone?), And under the direction of Sting Siu-Tung, was made to look realistic look as he trashes countless gangsters in the bar as shown in the trailer, just let you know the boss. <br /> <br /> That was why his behavior is made to work on kung fu, and for the fact of giving him excuses for being a top shot, and the ability to blow hoops from a large amount of angle. And Eric Tsang is a young player of Chen-Li who sees his potential and becomes his agent, joining university to play varsity basketball, but without the first opposition team of Ting-wei team (Chen Bo-Lin) and The star team Xiao-lan (Baron Chen, in its first-screen screen). But you know the team members on one side, not too soon they combine their ability to take the enemy to the basketball court. I will shoot my neck out to say that this movie is basketball as it was a soccer goal. It made the game look good because of its charismatic characters, despite their cooling and very transparent in court. Here, special effects and wires were employed to make participants seem like professionals who could take the top side of the NBA league, and with all honesty, in fact they seemed to be surprising, especially when they hit different dunking steps, making combo- thanks to the work of technology and ignorance. So in fact, the kung fu items don't have to be in the film. Independent work will be able to justify many actions as they take into account the fact, only to strengthen the belief that boys of average lengths have a fountain in their feet to stuck the same length for a professional dunk. Also sad that the number of games was just a few, and when it was spent on a small part, but everyone was well developed and released in and out of the story and when they liked it. Things like Shi-jie's efforts to play basketball games to get her parents one day to attend, that of gangsterism interferes with sports, and her love life with Charlene Choi in another role of flowers just to look good and make no another. Everybody does a little bit, leaving a little room of main characters to add depth. One of the key themes here is to recognize the importance of group work rather than personal talent and capacity, and would be brought out more if the players themselves have more interaction with the court, than just, and when competing games, away from the high and friendly scores. With a budget of $ 10 million, it is easy to see where the money was lost - effects, in particular, a huge sequence of fantasy at an important point in the movie. It doesn't matter, it's good to look and maybe it's right about its quality alone, but again I want to emphasize, that even without these things, basketball hits itself will still make this beautiful film and good basketball action. And having Jay Chou play for your team is a great promotion for any optimism office box.
