Jay Chou has the orphans raised in kung fu school, but he was chosen by the chief administrator after a fight with a gang of workers when he was employed by a brave woman. He happens on the trickster of the low-top-lucky Eric Tsang, who immediately sees the financial capabilities in the skills of the young man. Basketball is a chosen way of wealth, and Tsang tenders to get a spot on the University team and encourage him in the media. The overall success of the basketball championship is the basketball championship and a highly successful team of fighters. It's a Shaolini Soccer little I think, but it's not very strange or stupid - a plot includes pretty close to film films, and provides all the features that the crowd expects from the set. You have seen all of that before, but it's kind of things that you should never see again if it has done well. Luckily it actually happens here (others can say 'amazing' and Chu Yen-Ping in the chairman's director ... I hope he had 'good helpers') - the script provides and the presentation is thin and stylish. Jay Chou keeps too much expression, but it is his style, and when he stops being allowed in it can be a very good effect of comic. Eric Tsang offers a greater characteristic than a life that he played many times before (in real life, for example) who gets more films during emotional time. Since the film revolves around basketball, it is advisable that basketball match matches should be raised. Release shows real skills, including Chou, and some of the good works of wire and CGI enhances the feature of true kung fu skills that make more leisure activities (accept as something) and justify the plot / life of the movie. There is only one important place to fight on the film, but it is doozy in the "one against many" style. Jay Chou seems to do a lot of his own actions, and it's very surprising - he is very clear and fast in fact, and Chreography of Ching Siu-Tung makes him like a real military artist. I wish there would be more, but at least it was a long fight. What is the most popular New Year's blog blog I expected would be from the trailer, and recommended to watch!
