Lost, perhaps the best of t.v has ever been done. The storyline is clever and when all your questions are taken to look at one part, more than 100 are raised. if the lost can proceed with the best way and they will not be taken and then it will be best shown. Victims of aircraft accident are forced to live with a remote island, a new dangerous world that makes only threats. after reading this your thinking how on earth could be interesting? and you enjoy your answer, every season SO FAR has always been full of surprise, your always questioning your self for what you just did and what you're gonna happen next time, something unexpected happen with the story goes amazing SO FAR! This series puts you in, is very stimulating and very destructive, everything from the wonderful creators and leading to the great performances for casting creates a credible story. Lost is just wonderful, amazing, very entertaining, on the line, t.v for better. <br /> <br /> Loss of loss for all other show by running the race. And if you refuse or refuse to lose you do not know how to look t.v or watch drama. Lost is not just a despair, you would like to consider a continuous series for a long time can not continue to be better. But it does! It just goes around the opposite of anything you could think of. "Everything happens for a reason." And this is shown in the series. Finally you will reach the point is all the symptoms and everything that happened or is done. You'll hear and realize how characters have changed and how and why everything is going on. <br /> <br /> 10 minutes of excitement: You see something that didn't come comes, something big happened to the character or island. There is hope somewhere. You see a big move that can or may change everything. You are listening to your ideas, wondering what will happen next. Your heart beats. 30 minutes of observation: You see incredible events, create tension, you hear amazing music by Michael Giacchino. You see great legs of flash, acting interesting. You see the evil, the horrible situation, which finds again turning into tension. Everybody has there to show that they are too burdensome, that they can't get enough, that they admire every minute and they can t wait for the second part, that they talk about 24/7. I and many others are this series. Get lost. Once you start looking, you can't get enough. The creators did the wrong work. It's completely lost and original, you can't see anything like that. The idea of ​​"flashbacks and flashforwards" and something big in each season causes your attention. What? Could they make a series like "LOST"? Something very interesting and something that you will always remember. It's just amazed the world when it happens t.v. A new generation of amazing / sci-fi. Classic instant pre-reached out to the audience. <br /> <br /> I am sure you all hear of lost and is 5 star reviews, and your annoying friends that don't stop telling you about it, so what will you stop from watching? Every part leads to something new and never ceases to be better and better, you get more interested as it goes together, you learn what the island is that you do not think away. The characters begin to be very interesting, and if your type of criterion would like to see Lost in detail, things like how the relationship between the characters develop and how they learn ways to look and take the challenge from the Island. Together they are a great festival and a series of sensory. I think we just hope all of the disappearance will not have a deficit in the coming events and go away ..... so if you don't watch looking lost, read comments from above again and you should change your mind. Seeing is believing, so until you begin to watch you will never know. I highly recommend this hub of the series: LOST! start looking! You haven't seen anything until you look LOST !!!
