When the first reluctant to jump on the bandwagon's check "Lost", I accidentally caught one place at the beginning of the season 1? One bear polar ?? and has had my direct attention since. The show, that's it. It's not a polar bear. So take me (heh) with me when I lose out of dive, half of the unity as I can. "Lost" takes a simple idea of ​​running a passenger of the desert people, and gradually increases the incredible depths of its clusters by examining each character in detail and freezing? what leads them, who? Where did they come? Soon it becomes clear that the island they are practiced as a common denomination for many things in their lives, if they go away from something (Sawyer and Kate among others) or are spiritually communicating (Locke, Claire). But "Lost" also enters the island with unknown threats that make up ... and all seem to be connected easily. When television operators are not known for the trick or attract the ability to act, most of the cast "lost", in fact, interesting actors for their parts, a pleasant heart and humor in their performances. There is also a lot of eyecandy, but it is not typical of the plastic type of Hollywood as well as many TV shows. All characters feel very real and they are very encouraging to watch. Their interaction rarely falls on the prey of predictable sappiness, a small argument or a cheesy melodrama (though it is a confidential secret) ?? these people are the first and try to try to live with any visible relationship being treated in secondary and action. The realities of these characters enable the already planned plot. <br /> <br /> About this field ... Think of a tree as a plot of template, then branches like subplots (in this case, one branch for each character) ?? well, the lost increases the branch branches and then the small branches on the branches as other lines. If you are a brother / sister to one of the main characters in flashbacks, you will find your own story. If you are a DOG you will have your own story. Unless the authors can break them all together with the end of glory at the end, they put themselves. I am more of a little worried there will be desperate soldiers to show this, if I am sure most people are. But think the authors remove this, "Lost" is possible to show the best of the TV. <br /> <br /> 9/10
