Mr. Destiny - 3.5 / 5 Stars <br /> <br /> "Mr. Destiny's" theme is recycled from many movies from many different years. Its theme comes from the latest spoofs on such plots (see "Outdated"), with one idea, and the biggest that worked in "It's A Wonderful Life," and the original century in Scrooge's story as told by Charles Dickens in "Carol Christmas." "It involves an unresponsive person to be taken on a guided tour of his life, and to witness how his life would be (or would) the first hand. <br /> <br /> In many kinds of movies these guardian angels saves a person from immortality thanks and show him his life by finding, or how it could be. It should be. In this case we are shown a businessman named Larry (James Belushi). He hates his life. He lives with an uncomfortable wife (Linda Hamilton) and wishes a great life If he had hit the ball in the state championship in secondary schools years ago, he believes his life would be better. I am sure the adult would like one action from secondary school. However, it works in the film. from work one night, where he is a rocker with Jon Lovitz, while he is a car. He walks in the bar to find a pay phone, and for fear he decides to tell the bartender (Michael Caine) about his way of life. This is where we see him first remembering the attack on his childhood baseball. Bartender listens and watches, of course he doesn't care about any other customers. Perhaps the fact that the bar, although an old and tattered, seems to have never been taken by human beings except these two men. In fact, Larry even provides comments on never seeing a bar before. This is possible for some reason that viewers expect before Larry. So bartender, who can also be an angel of God body, such as Clarence, makes Larry his special drink, which ends up putting Larry's life on the contrary, showing him what his life would have been if he had hit the house her home all the years before. But Larry does not know any changes for the first time, as Jimmy Stewart did not know that Clarence had wiped out his life until he got into the bar and was selected out of Larry he keeps any changes until he goes home to find a different lawn outside, and a big man, wrestler home type home. <br /> <br /> Larry recently finds his life of course that very different had hit home run. Instead of getting married to Linda Hamilton married Rene Russo and moved into a big house with children. He sees that Jon Lovitz is his friend but he is his employee. And the most amazing of all is that for his new life, that Larry has longed for ... he finds himself craving after his former wife, Linda Hamilton; The evidence that sometimes money and a very beautiful invisible woman do not do everything in one's life, as a wise and loving wife and true happiness. As "A Wonderful Life" showed the audience what a person is doing, and that everyone has an impact on people, "Mr. Destiny" shows us that wealth wealth is not the same as spiritual wealth, the lesson he taught us often, but never it is inevitable, and forget and sweet as shown in "Mr. Destiny" <br /> <br /> "Mr. Destiny" is not very much, but it is a sweet, good-natured comedy that has not taken much of itself. The problem with the "Wonderful Life" in the past, as a "Family Person," is that they are trying to have an influence and memorable as "It's a Wonderful Life" was. But there are only many times you can photograph directly on the popular film, and "Mr. Destiny" knows this, and has the right to truth. It doesn't try to be nothing; rather, it is something that doesn't try to be, and this is obvious to the audience. <br /> <br />
