New York City creates one person over all the others, the possibility of an eternity Dr. Anton Mordrid. Mordrid is a guardian of human creation, using his magical power to keep his brother and opponent, Kabal, bound to chains to become a slave to society. Well, don't you know? The prophecy takes place with Kabal breaks free, and begins to collect elements (including platinum and uranium) for its alchemy experiments. With the help of a police woman named Sam, does Mordrid defeat her bad brother? "Dr. Mordrid" comes to me in honor of Charles Band in the Full Collection of the Month. I have not heard, which is odd because I am a big fan of Jeffrey Combs (Mordrid) and the film is not old. But now it is mine and I can enjoy it regularly. The film is fun in the usual style of the Moon. Richard Band offers music (which is not very similar to all of its symbols) and Brian Thompson does bad Kabal. We even have dinosaurs with animation! What do you want more? Of course, the reason for cheese is high. I felt the film was a refugee of Dr Strange. And the blue pantsuit was silly. And the holes of the plot are everywhere (I could write at least five, but why you are upset). And why is the ancient sign of Mordrid and Kabal looks as transparent as a hammer and a castle? Combs has never been a powerful actor, so it is suitable for cheese. These are not complaints. Monthly Partners have come to expect these things and burn them like grapefruit grapes. I am guilty ... I loved this film. <br /> <br /> If you are not a fan of Full Moon, or a fan of Jeffrey Combs ... you want to look elsewhere. But if you like the early 1990s fashion making of movies and hair, you will eat this. Fans of Stallone and Schwarzenegger can love to see Brian Thompson as a man, looking like a goony as ever and can not be aware of English more than a third-grade level. I did. I would like to have "Mordrid II", but the company that makes sequel for practically everything (is "Gingerdead Man 3" very important?) It passed this.
