I agree that Holly was not on my checklist for the Edinburgh Film Festival. However, after the Festival of Arts Artist recommended this film to the audience of more than 200 people before another film screening, I decided to go to see it. Wow! This film deals with the most difficult problem of child prostitution and does it without any compromise. I found myself crying several times during the film and laughing at others. Speaking of emotional emotional feelings. The leading actor (Thuy Nguyen) is a Vietnamese visitor (who was only 14 years old) and had to deal with this very difficult and difficult task. He reminded me to Keisha Castle-Hughes from Whale Rider but the role here requires as much as she should play the child of a prostitute. The opportunity is that he will win many awards. The main story is about a girl who was bought for prostitution with her family and acted as a sex slave in the royal house in Cambodia. He meets America (played with Ron Livingston in a very serious role that we do not use to see him), who after spending some time with him to help him. At the same time, however, he is sold again and continues to search for him near Cambodia. The story returns and continues and the audience can never predict what will happen next. <br /> <br /> Acting was established in the entire board cast for the world. Udo Kier (very attractive as sex tourist), Virgini Ledoyen (touching as a social worker) and Chris Penn (one of his final movies). Asian origin was also good. Though the film deals with this difficult issue it is aimed at effectively telling a powerful, powerful story. It was shot in Cambodia (some of the events in the actual operating booths) that boost the impression that you are closer to the document. It seems that DP used many cameras and close access and has generally made you feel like you're right as part of the story. After the inquiry, I was listening to other members of the audience when they left and seemed to be all surprised. This is not an easy-to-look film and greet the filmmakers for making "Hollywood Movies." It is the best film I have seen at the Edinburgh Film Festival. Comments shared by my husband and two other friends.
