The movie "Holly" is a story of a little girl who has been taken by her poor and infectious family to the border until Cambodia works as a prostitute in the village of "K11" the main red light. In the film, Holly is waiting to be sold for her prophecy when she meets Patrick who loses money with friends through gambling and bar battle. Patrick and Holly have a quick guarantee of their "stubborn", but this is all broken when Holly is sold to a child trader and disappears. As filmmakers, then we enter in Patrick's move to get Holly again. Holly then expresses her desire to leave this life but her mixture on what is right and wrong. "Holly" brings us through beautiful and harsh Cambodia while discovering that HOLLY is not just one girl. He is the voice of millions of children who are used and violated every year without justice or protection. Holly is much smaller than this issue may suggest, as well as documents relating to 4-year-old children and sex business, but it can provide a great light on the Cambodian / Vietnamese trafficking in prostitution. It is a promotional story that helps to give light on the worst situation that most children face and their battle to believe and realize what is wrong with the wrong. <br /> <br /> Patrick, the film competitor is the American trader of residual trophies who also loses money with friends when playing cards and entering the bar. While traveling, his motorcycle comes out of fuel, and he is forced to rent a room in a bronze house. During her stay comes Holly, a twelve-year-old girl who has been taken by her parents and taken into slavery and prostitution. Holly and Patrick begin a friendship of trust and understanding. She gets a silly girl, who has a stubborn out of trouble and decides to save her - although their unfamiliar relationship is closely related to everyone she meets. When she suddenly disappears, she begins to trace her down, without thinking if she can help her. Holly can escape on his way to another house, when he jumps from a truck and runs a field that is full of mines. The mine has been removed by a cow and a truck driver believes he is dead, so Holly is left alone. During a trip to Patrick to get holly he meets a social worker who tries to talk to him and share the truth that attracts Cambodi's area. The idea of ​​paying for its independence only causes demand, explains: 30,000 children in prostitution in Cambodia - next year may be 60,000. "I don't try to save 60,000," she tells him, "I'm trying to save one." Patrick finds that the idea of ​​playing safe is relaxing when the social worker tells him that the US will not allow him and, although it takes five minutes to 'save' the child, it takes five years to reinforce the community. Patrick is not affected by notes and keeps his efforts to get Holly. <br /> Players are shown that Holly makes it to a small town and gives birth to other homeless children. He is then considered by the local police who seem to be better than criminals and badges, while they take him to another house and then do business with a Vietnamese businessman who takes his wife. Holly seems to think that this is his destiny and when Patrick finally finds him, he is ready to "yum yum" and "boom boom" his distant friend. Patrick is totally confused by this change in behavior, but he has not stopped his plan to take him away from this world. Finally, it takes him away and brings him to a safe country for the comfort of a social worker. Holly has been given clean clothes, if they feed and brought to the dance class, but she is forbidden to see Patrick. With a great desire to be in the comfort of Patrick's friendship, he runs away from the safe house and back to the street in Cambodia. Meanwhile, Patrick deals with the decision to leave the country and run back to the US or stay in Cambodia. His thoughts continue to return to Holly and during the tour of the bar; the older man sees the picture he holds and views on his sexual desire when he has sex with her. This influences Patrick and defeats the man and runs out of the bar. Finally, Patrick is taken by the police in front of Holly, who hides behind the pole. The "Holly" movie can make the audience want to give money to organizations that improve the lives of these poor young people, and even campaigns to reduce the number of banners in the region, but the serious weaknesses of the film can reduce the likelihood of being seen by enough people to make a difference. In general, I think the concept is as good as the document and it was not as touching as a film. Employees did a good job of expressing their crude feelings and true combinations of young people who are affected by this life, but ultimately, the harshness of the area and the despair of parents who sell their children to strengthen their own hunger, has nothing to help children.
