After enjoying this show for years, I use a dream to be able to see them again and share them with my grandchildren. I am very happy to pay a small amount of records that I have recorded on DVD. Florida was a caring mother and a hardworking man, a beautiful daughter destroyed and two children as different from day and night. Michael, the baby's son is a freelance walker and JJ is clown. I know many Afro-Americans did not like this show, but I know many can relate to and should accept it as it was. My heart was sad when I learned that Ester Rolle had passed. Tyler Perry is now the acting actor of today's leadership and I support his work, but not so much since he was bothering with Rolle's violence in one of his games. No one should hear bad things about physical appearance. The show started getting less interesting when Daddy James died. It took a little while Florida married again, but lost when she took the absence of the show. For all, the show was nice and again I am pleased to have a copy of my old part. I will try to keep up the work of the old good times, and I must say, it's one group that has not been removed and down with rumors. I think today's kids will enjoy this show and I have no problem staying with the kids. Congrats for the author, staff, and stars for many years of new memories of time that I will enjoy again without crossing scenes. OK so that I can appear often. Recently I have seen something that has made me re-edit, but don't hate them. I think Florida was very difficult during the money that children did. Not that children did not need management, but it was done in a way that makes Mother of Florida different. The events where Florida had to talk about how other poor people might bother me now. When James was alive, the show made a big thing from James to isolate himself, but he never lived his family out of projects, but Florida gets a man who has a shop to fix it. A little face-to-face with an actor who would have to finish his time in the best moments to show that he accomplished all that he did. Finally, I will look at the exhibitions, I see the series coming in for extra time and being the name "JJ". Be true, after James left everything that focused on JJ. It's not a bad thing, just a thing that's seen. I can't sell my DVD to any amount of money, but when, maturity and experience began to guide your eyes over time.
