As The Jeffersons, The Good Times was one of the first of the Americans who were not filled in the UK, not to mention that it came in the 1970s - ten years that I was not born. But as many fans of show, I watched a few moments on You Tube- and later, I liked it. The Evans family is headed by James and Florida- two parents are trying to end up meeting, and in spite of their lack of credentials, to encourage their children, who have their own expectations in life to fulfill and take advantage of them. . James was a fierce but loving father, who dared not grow in persuading J.J, Michael and Thelma- they should continue the action. While Florida, on the contrary was a fair, kind and intelligent mother with a loving wife, although she had many ways similar to James, in relation to their view of parenting and family values ​​from the Afro-American perspective. The children were fascinating and entertaining as parents themselves: JJ was a passionate artist with a sense of pride and a sense of humor, who often wear many colored clothes, and who 'DY-NO-MITE' catchphrase is like infectious and familiar like Arnold Jackson's 'Whatchoo talking' 'bout Willis?' from Stroke's Diff'rent. Michael was smart-alec, who had dreams of becoming a lawyer, when Thelma's sister had her dreams and hopes. His words with JJ were hilarious, as it was a love relationship between brother and sister, which played well with Mike Evans and Bernadette Stanis. Over the season, there were incidents that were made, especially Janet Jackson, Debbie Allen and Gary Coleman boy like himself! In fact I have loved the Best Times on saying, The Cosby Show, which was the 80s show for a) I liked the family Evans on Huxtables, both for a) and a b) if I felt it was dealing with serious social problems, through which it was found and many viewers. It was a comedy but it is also a social definition that was intended to reflect the working class life, Afro-Americans in the 1970s. The Cosby Show attempted to serve the common audience in the "candy coated" way, as Huxtables were shown as whites who emerged easily in the American top-class culture we would include Whites and, while the Best Times for the difference was more 'edgier' and did not have The fear of addressing such themes as the use of drugs and children in a real way. I have found that when Cosby Show can be happy to watch from time to time, there was not a bit of 'sassiness' which the Best Times has and which made it dirty and cool. The show did jump a shark during the last season, as it continued after the behavior of John Amos, James died to a common accident (in fact, it was known when John had rejected Good Time for good. his death character was written as on the show. Without John, the show suffered and alas, has lost a lot of its charm. However, for the sitcom, Good Times took all the boxes right. If only they had shown this in the UK during the 80 years. If it is true, if JJ would put it, 'DY-NO-MITE !!' My rating: 8 and a half
