When people think about Chicago they think of Walter Payton, Ditka and "Da Bears", Ryne Sandberg, White Sox broke the curse in 2005 or Michael Jordan who cannot die with his six championship (with Finals MVP) and Chicago Bulls. Frequently in this generation people are thinking of the struggling side of Chicago, maghetti, roads destroyed by drugs and life in urban housing projects during the 1970s. One of the most amazing television shows in Sitcom was "Good Times" , which I clearly remember as a little child in CBS, and I always enjoy now on the TV TV. "Good Times" was another common Norman Lear, a producer who gave "The Jeffersons", the best of North Africa's sitcom at all times and "All in the Family" a great show of all time . The "Best Times" brought the problems of ghetto and urban housing projects, and made it with charm, well written and well done, and done a great job for the parent and elder of this ghetto family hit by Esther Rolle and John Amosi. Children in support support were also particularly good Janet Jackson who was very popular in his first years by Ralph Carter as a young man of Florida and James Evans whose character at an early age is aware that life is not right, and he needs to learn to stand his own feet . <br /> <br /> Children's jJ JJ played by Jimmy Walker is somewhat out of place on this show and there is mainly for comic aid. His emotional time is about 11 or 12 even though he looks like a boy in the early twentieth century. J.J. is offensive, and is a loan often bad Evans (Amos) that he never tells J.J. get his own life, get to work and go out of the house. J.J. is a painter who loves but unlike his younger brother is not so high as to get a college degree, or more important for the family to find work to help households with a well-being. The two classic pieces of the Best Times were one where Janet Jackson's behavior runs 104 fever, and Florida Evans wants good health care for her that she can't afford anything except a clinical specialist who is still very professional. he does not want to give the family due to any precautions than he is required by law. Another section is one where James Evans can't rent a $ 104 less than a month. Evans are almost getting the most serious family constraints, thrown out of projects without where they go. Florida Evans goes to the city board of social services to try to get a loan or subsidy to help his family. But the government does not focus on its poor family because it has more than $ 4,200 in assets for the fifth family which is fair but unfortunately legal on the poverty line. James and the children want to freeze the money, but Florida is a good man and they don't want to do anything honest despite their worst. Eventually the family gets a solution to put their heads on the water. "Good Times" The classic show from the 1970s is on the set you are head on water in a bright world. James and Florida Evans all work hard in poor jobs to try to bring their children well and avoid social stigma. I was very young to understand the message of the sitcom as a child in the 70's in his first voting on CBS, but I am very pleased with the reruns on the TV Land in 2006. "The Best Times" is one of the classic sitcoms from behind in the day.
