The untouchable planet represents a kind of false science that is valuable in the movie, especially from the 1950s. There was a Day in which the Earth had continued with world wars, but don't forget this balance that took its story from Shakespeare's The Tempest to tell the story of The inventors on the planet that has a doctor on it who has done a wonderful achievement. It is a kind of achievement that is not surprising to look at (although in 1956 it seems quite amazing to look at some of those sets and that the big machine doctor builds it), but with its emphasis on characters and its technological landscape has been taken away from the natural side than The human nature even when we don't know we open it. <br /> <br /> On the surface — which is located in the first ten minutes - looks at the standard, as a little more than a professional did and directed to the best skill than the B movie the same period. Ships of land experts are on the planet Altair-4 messages to return to the lost a few decades before. But only the rest is Dr Morbis (Walter Pidgeon) and his daughter, who somehow had protection against attacks that left everyone dead. Morbius seems to be a wise and intelligent person, and his technology seems to be very surprising that the only thing of the astronauts, led by Skipper (Leslie Nielsen), can think to do it to re-authorize them to their world leaders. But there is a catch - something that kills members of the ship's crew, directly, every night, even when others look at the eye and then put an invisible electric fence, which something invisible is going on easily. At the same time, there is a certain romance between Skipper and Alraira, and there is pushy vibe more from the doctor: should not come to the world towards, and now you need to go. What is happening from this is the most interesting attraction, with a great intellectual level, but the never-protected Planet has never remembered that its listeners should also be attracted to this story when you get important ideas. When everyone can remember Robbie Robot, and for good reason, probably an unforgettable picture of me is a monster discovered on the screen with a runaway crew without enough, living with red light and looking at the animals that looks out of Fantasia. br>> Acting from Pidgeon is a trick: you will not expect him to be in the city, although there is something in the behavior and the way you speak to this, and ultimately makes the character far more difficult than the person you expect. And the other performances are working as a job but it is also excellent, from Nielsen as the leader of Holliman's birth to make a great contribution to comic like Cook (who, must add, helps with one of the funniest scenes in the film and those galons of bourbon Robbie provides ). And the effects of its time are wonderful (modern in the way of nostalgic today's pulp also), and music, done by electricity, is good in its "tones". But ultimately it is a screenplay and a careful focus from Hilcox puts this overview of the film of B. B. When it means to be interesting, it is deliberate and it works. When it touches most, it is well connected even when it is difficult to do it. And when we are made to think about the worst situation, it comes gradually, with stability, not shoved in our faces or needles and mega-action. <br /> <br /> Reminds for many other sci-fi movies, and a good score of false stories and books from old time, is classy and classic entertainment.
