I must say at the beginning there are many things, many things I like about the 'Planet Earth' and yes, I certainly see it a 'scientific' fiction film for many reasons. But adulation has received over the years it goes a little higher on my opinion. Not under authority than Leonard Maltin says' The World Planet '' is one of the most talented and intelligent movies of its kind. Love? Without doubt. Mind? It depends on what part of the film you are talking about. Certainly it was scientific and very modern scientific-flick flick for that point. At a cost of about $ 2 million (this was in 1956, note), MGM provided all the obstacles to create an interesting, out-of-the-way adventure with anything visible on the big screen before, even employing artists from Disney's studio for some of the more specific effects. 'Interesting' is not usually the word that describes the special effects in sci-fi movies, but that's the most visible here. Even the "Monster from Id" scared is the figure of the only cartoon presented well by the Disney people, without the possibility of fearing anyone over the age of 8. When I see the different sets and consider the structure of art, models, clothing, etc., I don't remember anything like the 'wizard of Oz,' with its full gorgeously colored and elaborate if not always harmful. Many jobs have entered these films that a person relies on exciting excitement for the effort. 'Unsupported planet' is amazing look. The storage takes place in clear sets that are decorated with beauty, painting of planets and space back, and sandy sandy soils and so on to provide deep deception. It's a bit like to look at the most described action produced which you would like to see. The most reliable and convincing events are probably within a large Krell complex, where the shots indicate the depth and width of this inner space is made well and reliable. But then we reach out to the actors, that we may. The closest exhibition is very bad, though one correctly says the discussion has never passed the level of teenager's humor, except for other scientific technologies that are sufficient. Even the best actor Walter Pidgeon has been forced to perform the hammy performance, often he likes it. Very small stars Leslie Nielsen as commander of JJ. Adams, and does not show loyalty or trust in the entire film. He seems to have a common sense, thirty years ahead of time, that his real power has failed, because there are times when he seems hard to keep the face straight by reading his verses. Every forced reaction, whether it is anger or enthusiasm or meditation, looks out of play high school. Anne Francis, also very young, gives much better as Alta who is considered innocent, whom we believe has never seen a male man except his father until the spaceship staff show. (Alta Morbius, now there is your name.) Unfortunately, even this time, Anne Francis looks like a little and not like Elizabeth Taylor in 'Butterfield 8.' There is a good story here, closed somewhere under the comments of members of the boys about Alta and yet a small part of young people about Earl Holliman's 'Cookie' cook. (Holliman returns to bad practice also I think all these actors went directly from this film to school.) According to Shakespeare's 'The Tempest,' the story of the dead, Krell, and the wonderful world of machines they left behind are what many people tend to remember about 'Inbidden Planet,' and for good reason. For a few minutes here and there, you can forget about the remaining films and marvel at the Disney Artists of the Krell underground. Is it enough to create all the shortcomings of the film? You will need to decide that yourself. Oh, and of course there is Robby Robot, every 1950s of ten-year-old idea of ​​what a robot should look and talk like. She is funny. In areas. Therefore, the 'uninhabited planet' is a very mixed package. It is eligible for a loan to be a full film film and TV series that is followed, not a 'Star Trek'. But I would suggest that anyone who thinks is more than a sci-fi book of the comic well set back again.
