When a person thinks of the 1950s, the fictional films of one of the black and white schlocky films had been held in the past 3000 Theater Science Theater. However, when there were more films as the layout From Outdoor to Robot Monster than a good film, the 1950s had a very good film, if not, false fiction movies like the World's World's End, the amazing Man of the Body, the Invasion of the Body Pastors, World War, and Thing From On Earth Other. However, the best of the group, for its learning and writing values, was undoubtedly the first of the MGM's greatest lies in Science Science, the Forbidden Planet released in 1956. It was a 98-minute film directed by Fred M. Wilcox, that included a special artistic atmosphere, and had a very good screenplay with Cyril Hume, from a medical screen called Fatal Planet, and Irving Block and Allen Adler, who changed William Shakespeare's Tempest's features in the Tempest. > <br /> The film released raves when it was released, because its Oscar chose special effects, its electronic music, and Louis and Bebe Barron (though they are known as Lightning limits, to avoid music fees), matte pictures open-led by Chesley Bonestell, and Monster Of The Id (MOTI) popular, which was animated by animator, Joshua Meador, on loan from the Walt Disney studio. More popular is the appearance of Robby Robot, in its first place in the film or television. Later he would appear in the Invisible Boy film - included this DVD as a bonus, with several appearances in 60 years sci Fi TV shows the Twilight Zone, Night Gallery, and Lost In Space- who robot who himself is often confused, and to appear in the 1984 Gremlins film. <br /> <br /> The story is simple, but it is built with wisdom, and filled with the acidic acid which the yeast 'love story' in the film. In the 23th century, the United States Cruiser C-57D-dish was traveling, led by Commander J.J. Adams (Leslie Nielsen- yes was once a leader before his Police Force), is on his way to the planet Altair IV, examining what happened to Bellerophon workers, who were sent to the planet twenty years earlier. After a year's journey, there he met the only Savior of the party, Doctor Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon), Prospero-physiologist, his beautiful daughter Altaira (Anne Francis) - the character of Miranda before the 1960s, and Robby Robot, a domestic servant who is a colleague of Calibania. Morbius warns of the mysterious force that killed the Bellerophon party in their first year, but had his immunity? For all, it is a good technical film - especially with back estimates and matte painting, and the deficit of adult effects on the use of Timmy and Robby has Dalian surreal rebellion. However, it is clear that the film artists had no sense of the incredible perception of the film, since it is played directly, and thus making it even fun. As for the main feature? The prohibited planet deserves all the udos. It's not a perfect film, but it's a good way to spend several hours, and better than Star Wars, which though it was developed twenty years later looks more durable, and young. Such films just like in 2001: A Space Odyssey, Solaris, Guests and Guests, and the first two film Terminator, have been similar or exceed this classic in depth and effects. It is important to know that, despite the avoidance of the 'Happy' Planet, it is likely that MOTI is still within the Alta, too. After all, she is the daughter of her father, and had a worse dream than her father when MOTI fought with a second ship. Also, the film only wisely 'shows' MOTI at once, and never shows Krel, because ideas can deceive more than more specific effects. The film also makes good use of the ellipses of the story to free the story, something that many realistic films can fail to do. A non-prevented planet is one of those films that have never been clarified yet reduces its time - unlike other films that were obviously the violence of winter war. See, and you will agree, with a little sleep. But, even if you don't, there is still the skin area of ​​Anne Francis. That alone is not available.
