There are good reasons that Walter Pidgeon warns Leslie Nielson and his crew from a relief ship, things that he does not know to step up. <br /> As a physician Edward Morbius, Pidgeon was the last survivor of the trip to the planet 20 years earlier. Since then he married another trip and had a daughter, Anne Francis. It was the only human being left on this planet which was once the home of the old civilization known as Krell. <br /> <br /> Memory as described by Pidgeon shows Krell came to the end of an unknown unknown disease. The machines left behind are still working. It is possible to work well if the members of the aid party start to die and some form of horror. I see all kinds of rumors about remake and this is one film that should not fix because it is as clean as it was in 1956. The law would change, now we say the speed of the cups instead of the car, in honor of popularity of Star Trek. We cannot see men on a journey to travel on a flying plate like a space ship. It can look much more like Starship Enterprise or Shipping from 2001 Space Odyssey. It is interesting to watch false fiction movies from different generations and see how the future changes change. The Mystery of the Planet is an interval of time, about the people who try to play with God. <Br /> <br /> You can't write about a non-prevented Planet without commenting on Robby Robot. This mechanical surprise, set by Pidgeon and the knowledge acquired from Krell's reading was quite hit the day. He got a new lease in life in sixty years and the character of Robot from Lost In Space. The events with Earl Holliman who play the actor on the space ship and agree with Earl's request for other home spirits are very funny. Robby and other special effects were chosen by Oscar, but they lost the Ten Commandments and the division of the Red Sea. Unfortunately the planet's absence against Hollywood founder Cecil B. DeMille. The Classicist people among you will know the planet is not prevented as the future reworking of The Tempest which when you think about it may be Shakespeare one sword in false science. I was very interested in the cast of Warren Stevens whose donations allow Leslie Nielsen to learn exactly what he is dealing with. Do not lose this one whenever you advertise.
