The only thing I knew about this film before seeing it was Robby Robot. My original way is that it was another in a long line of cheesy sci-fi flicks that the 1950s were recognized. I was very wrong. Of course, the big budget and high production standards make this a strong candidate, at least visually, for the best films of the film that came out at the time. I am worthy of the word for visibility, because the "World War" is darker and thin than the "Unstoppable Planet", and it is possible to resemble the best mold as an alien area. once it was a symbol of the color of the cinema, followed by the preference and the scope of the depth involved at home and the Dr. Morbius' laboratory (Walter Pidgeon). But that was just the beginning of icing on the cake, underground that had ever been the castle of Krell. It seemed that Krell's technology was much higher than saying, of "Star Wars". Which made me to take, the audience of this movie when they were released may live in that kind of fear that the spectators had experienced in 1977 and SW, or in 1986 and "Guests". Watching on a large screen TV in my bedroom gives me the same effect, and I am resistant to hyperbole. It is not too much to expand to think of the "Non-prevented Planet" as directly opposite the 'Star Trek' TV series; Gene Roddenberry himself said that the movie had a great impact on his vision of the show. The following short-lived supporters will be able to identify the features of the system used here that turned out to 'Star Trek'. I had to take twice as long as the United Cruiser C57-V men of the United States were going to the transit room, while the street presented to Robby that made it impossible to answer was used at least two or three times in a series of ST. <br /> <br /> Where the film has taken back to the brain it had no idea of ​​'monsters from Id'. That Morbius himself was using his small mind to defend Altaire IV was a special concept of 1956, when every sci-fi flicking time was associated with the Martians or many other creatures. The film made a magic craft to this viewer by helping me understand that Morbius was the protector of Altaire IV before the Adams commander (Leslie Nielsen) explained. You know, checking the calendar, the 2200 year is not too far. This film can be one that gets the right to relatives to explore and live on another planet. I think though, that they will come up with a view of Robby's view.
