Fresh (literally) and around 20 staff supporters of men walk around hundreds of millions of light years from the world to enter the colony founded 25 years ago on the 'blocked' planet. What they find is a much higher robot than anything considered in the world, a beautiful and beautiful young woman, and her father, a scholar of a generation of scholars who was hated by most of the ancient civilizations of the ancient world. <br /> <br /> On the face, this story is the secret of killing the scifi sauce. Some liken it to Shakespeare's severity, but this is a stretch, and, somehow, is insulting to a type of scifi. It has been hit by what makes the scifi film, indeed, is the Tempest, but how many hundreds of films can you say something similar? Below, this is a cautionary story about development and technology and social reforms necessary for its proper and safe use. However the film still continues with all the future prospects that we have come to expect from the show as Star Trek. Anne Francis is not the only reason for this film that is described as good. Specific effects, and even backward backs are strong enough to make a non-leadership and non-functional leadership. If it was not for modern contemporary modern art of the 1950s, you might think you were looking at a piece of 1960s. <br /> <br /> This is a classic kind of very small kind of sci fi I would like to call The 1950s, and, although not, in my opinion, better should be seen by anyone who is attracted to the film film and special effects. The clever way, which is now available for its use in six or seven periods of Star Trek, Lost Space, and even Farscape, is worth considering, and will help the interest of many fans. Trekkers will be attracted to a variety of films that seem to have a leading theme of the original Star Trek series about 12 years later, although they may be bothered by sex (relatively small) of the 1950s and lack of any kind of color cooperation. While I don't mean nitpick, the lack of social development clearly in this film was one big problem I had. Some will probably see this film just to find a picture of young people, Leslie Nielsen beautiful in one of its first star roles. Unfortunately, the performance of Nielsen is only average, and sometimes low-right poor (especially at the peak of the film). Walter Pigeon, though better in other films, more-plays his role as well. Mrs Francis, Earl Holliman, and the wonderful Robby Robot are outdoor actors in this crowd, although all actors who fill the ranks are doing a good job. Problems and exhibitions mentioned, I think, are many errors of the director and editor, as nothing. Although they certainly got the most films.
