This is a film that contains all, a hero of cheating, a beautiful girl in distress, a model of honor and a terrible mistake, and a very strange robot. The prohibited planet has taken special magic over the years and does not lose its taste by looking at a regular time (although the sexual appeal of Anne Young Young helps very much on that score) <br /> <br /> Film fans will recognize Boy Leslie Nielsen explaining Adams good and brave commander, although those of us who have grown to love him in the comedic roles might have been less likely to be seen in his great role. The well-known and well-known Walter Pidgeon is also a well-known scientist (Id). Another assistant deserves a nod, especially Warren Stevens as “Doc” who is bold and wise, and of course, Miss Francis's additions, as described above. This movie was the early founder in the use of electronic music, in the 1950s, not less. These loans call them "restrictions", but those who tried to merge the earlier versions of the "Theremin" device will recognize the color of the eyes and the spooky and sometimes used in the sound track. However, it gives them a picture of the exotic and foreign landscape of the strange and forbidden Krell. Specific effects are also captured. I remember my fear as a young man who is waiting for the second manifestation of an invisible "Id" leader, and finally appears on one battle of war is literally bothering me with my fingers with wonder and fear. The magic of matte art is fully used in the dizzying events of complex complex krell as the characters make their way through various labyrinths and paths, and led to stress Dr. Morbius. <br /> <br /> I remember hearing some measure of envy that Dr. Morbius will have a toy like cool in the form of Robby Robot. Robby's Persona is charming and somehow seems to be more human than other characters. A viewer of the track shows whether the Twilight and Lost Space Space will recognize Robby's propby planned in some of these events, although I remember that he did not have the "personality" of Robby's original. We must accept fully understanding the complexity of the conspiracy until I am old enough to understand the various references to Freudian psychology and the risk of deleting the hidden fears and the most common causes of anger we carry in but we learned ourselves, with the power of love, sink and control by following the principles of society. Although the key of the story appears immediately once revealed, it is still unknown (or perhaps deliberately ignored) by Dr. Morbius until he explained with the clear Commander of Adams, who asks Dr Morbius to deal with evil in him. It still gives me the pain of mixture when Commander Adams dismisses Dr Morbius under Krell's machine that has given him a good sense, which opened the floods of his awareness of the power of the Krell machine: "Here. With the knowledge yet he had no power to do work with a big machine but your knowledge was manufactured. "Zowee! The non-prevented planet is probably the most popular film of my film, and it has a time and time for the story with care and amazing and efficient displays on the screen.
