After Darkness, My Sweet is a big black, modern, full of seed characters, dirt roads, and, of course, sweaty characters. It seems that most of the two big or three decades ago have been held in South Africa, where men appear with women, um, also emerging. Why? Because it's hooooottttttttttt. And because everyone looks better rain (at least men - sweaty women leave me clammy). Anything else - there may be vendors here. This film is a good example of anything traditional should be consistent pacing (although some caution problems mean that it is "slow"), easily and broadly (though not easy) characters, and tons of atmosphere. Noir, if anything, is about the situation and character. That is why the chiefs have not been shown by your traditional definition of 'good' (see Bogart, Mitchum, Hurt, and Nicholson - they (and their characters) were not real - but they were fashionable and hateful and movie crime is exactly what you want. or quick adventures (again many sores seem to be very strong as smoking). Big black creates an environment and you only live with characters for several hours. After My Dark Sweet Let's do - and let's enjoy the company of some very interesting and complicated characters. Uncle Bud and Collie enjoy it - never let viewers know exactly what makes tick - and Patric and Dern (I love Bruce Dern, by the way) is a perfect pitch, Dern exactly (see original comments). They take the basic description of the character and give it deep and ask for our mercy. The story itself is also interesting. There are good plots in the black world (not hardly any hidden here - especially it is doubtful), but this is stable. If anything, the 'right' plot has more to write to Jim Thompson than anything else. With Thompson, the squares are near secondary; tried the story of the labyrinthine of Hammett and Chandler for simple stories and powerful characters, more than combining. Check out the novels as My Owner Planner and you will see immediately (from the head) what it is about. When it comes to Thompson, it's not something about it, how about it (quoting Roger Ebert). So, in fact, a simple plot of kidnapping is not sure and, if you do not like, good joke on you. <br /> <br /> Why this is a star movie instead of 10star one is because of female leadership. It's not bad, for se, but he's not Angelica Huston or Anette benning (see Jim's situation of The Grifters if you don't know what I'm talking about - rather it's the best movie and you should start there for modern black - it's better than years of 1990 and Blood Challenge Easy for the best name since Chinatown. They don't just have chops (or looks for it) and although he and Patric have a certain chemistry, I don't have him. So there is.
