I think "Anyway ..." is a movie of the ass. True. Tom Barman spent as years to make it, and shows: each area is polished, it means, ... I think many agree on that. One thing most people criticize is the "lack of" stories. I'm afraid that that's the effect we have interfered with the "traditional" story, all the time. I mean: what you can achieve with the book, you can not reach with the movie, what you can achieve with the movie, you can not reach by just telling a friend. The problem is that we are widely used for cinematic, series, ... just being a version of the story of the story; record events of events - such as when you look at the news — that we expect every movie to have these epic features: a powerful story of many unusual events. And I emphasize the idea of ​​"normal events": many people see on TV in news, in movies, series, ... very common things, once in a life of the state. And here, in "Any ...", there are normal events, but not "in the great explosion of hollywood" kind of way: the boy is expelled, a couple together, the car is given ... and really the most common things. And that's power: just be able to know all that, the world, that's art. And I agree exactly what can only be found in the cinema, that the sky designed with a logo and the image is put in between. But not like in traditional visual movies (visual blockbusters as Matrix); serves the characters and still lives in humans. I mean, in every shot you hear the love that Tom Barman has for Antwerp and urban life. And he doesn't mean to this movie, like "learning" us something; and he has no great story to tell and twist amazing landscape. He only shows people of everyday life and daily life, he shows the city, all with their good and bad sides and says: this is, yes, our city, that's life, let's enjoy it. So, basically, "Any ..." not just a super groovy film, also has a more powerful "message" (not clear, maybe even not intended) than many movies that wish to pass the message. One deficit: now, we will wait five years to see the next Barman pic, and everyone will expect too much ...
