Written in WIND, led by Douglas Sirk and released in 1956, it resembles all the films of Sirk in the middle of 50 years of film-pure melodrama. However, it comprises modern text, and marks the mark of the Sirk logo color, loss of feeling, uncomfortable emotions, signals and juxtaposition of classes makes this film accessible. The film opens up carefully, with four central and conspiracy characters being developed as the credit continues. Sirk uses a flashback's clever design to give us his world ... Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are excellent as two "Hadley" Hadley, Kyle and Marylee. She drinks and sleeps around women. He drinks and sleeps near men. Both are worth millions, due to the Hadley oil trade. Hunky, but still poor, Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) is a friend of eternal Kyle, and a girlfriend of Marylee's dream. Enter this amazing mess Lucy Moore (Lauren Bacall), a young, attractive woman who falls under Kyle's hair after taking a phone and jumping along one country in the evening. Mitch also likes, but Kyle is winning him. Marry quickly, and Kyle stops drinking. But finally it appears written on the wind, and not long before Marylee (who will be "with Mitch", married or no marriage), beaten Mitch secretly, Lucy confused by Kyle sad brings. ... Malone is just amazing as Marylee Hadley, she is absolutely worthy of her best support for Oscar. He stole every place he sits. Stack is almost just beautiful, amping up melodrama, while still maintaining a sense of tranquility and stability. Hudson and Bacall are many more barriers than two, but it is according to characters who play. So, what is this true melodrama about it? Well, many things. The image of the stack of the unwanted male and fear, for one thing. Sirk around the stack with phalli symbols in all the film-remember his small gun, the oil derricks and the last sign of phallic, Kyle appears to be unable to bear children. Stack seems to be facing the dominant male domination, carried out the worst and biased of his father to Hudson, his sister's enthusiasm for Hudson, and his doubt that his wife continues with Hudson. With all this wealth Kyle Hadley still ends up at the end of the wrong city, buying a cheap price for "bum". It is up to impossible dreams, and you must leave them. The river where Kyle, Marylee and Mitch played when they were children often mentioned in the film, showing Kyle and (especially) want Marylee for innocence and the simplicity of young people. In the best of romantic text, completely excluded from Malone, Marylee stands near the river and enjoys again as a child, in a loud voice to Mitch to tell Marylee that she will always be her girl. That's where Sirk is feeling a great emotional and viewer. Who did not intend to return to this special place during childhood? Who, at some point, lived in the memory of the treasure? Who did not want something that they could not? With the last line of Hudson film (yes, he didn't get a conversation in 10 minutes or so, just close-ups) remembers how "we have come from the river, Marylee". It's amazing.
