"Written in the Wind" was a Universal picture that was very successful. It is only possible to be done by Douglas Sirk, a person who saw the possibility of the given material. According to the popular novel by Robert Wilder and adapting to George Zuckerman, it had all the elements that make the best melodrama: nymphomania, great fortune of oil, alcoholism, discomfort and severe touch to homosexuality. Mr. Sirk made a way to follow later in a variety of soap, in particular, "Dallas" and "Dynasty", to mention two. The truth is this film that has been completely hit in the studio. More decorations are dirt. Like most of the 1950s images, "Written on Wind" was shot in the studio. Just look at the events that should be done Manhattan, or Miami, or even the lake is, one can see how the environment is selected. Mr. Sirk could not take care of a bit of originality as long as he could tell his own story. Recently we received an investigation, part of Mr Sirk's work revival, where people were laughing at a wonderful time, especially during the show where Rock Hudson, who plays good Mitch Wayne, appears. There is also an example in the way that all of Robert Keith, who plays Pastor Jasper Hadley, and later his daughter, Marylee's evil, causes bad gold that adorns the old desk, the art of phallic Douglas Sirk probably wanted to be thrown by giving up on the show The top, which fits in the way Dorothy Malone shows Marylee nymphomaniac, and to some extent, Robert Stack, who overacts as Kyle, suffered the successor of the story. This can be a simple explanation of what comes on the screen. The only thing that seems to be natural is Lauren Bacall, who was not asked to make Lucy Moore's behavior seem to be anything but a basic man has been executed by unworthy people. <br /> <br /> With the rest of Hollywood movies, "Written on the Wind" shows a professional talented director who gave the public just what they wanted to see: a big story than life that can only be seen on the big screen
