Douglas director Sirk once said 'there is a very short distance between top art and garbage, and garbage that has sluggish is for this new quality and art'. These words define its full film, a very unique work that includes a change of normal action, adventure movies and war, western and of course, its famous melodramas. The Sirk's Melodramas was, as a symbolic word, dramas and music. Music sounds in its beautiful style, and each brush stroke (Sirk was also a painter) leaves a powerful photo on a screens screen. But this is not life but its representation, to imitate life. Sirk never tried to show the truth, on the contrary. None of his generation directors made the best use of all technical equipment offered by Hollywood (especially Technicolor) to distinguish fake from the real thing. Let us remember that the golden period is consistent with the time when Hollywood films converted social ideas (jungle blackboard, Rebel without reason). Sirk always knew that the movie was meant to be something else. The other information of Sirk is this: 'You can't reach, or touch, real. You see only meditation. If you are trying to appreciate the joy of your fingers you only meet the glass. I despise anyone who has seen it written on the wind counting the number of mirrors and pictures that appear on the screen. One stops stopping. Therefore, we're in a full hall of mirrors where there is no difference between actual and false copies. No one can say that Hadley is real people. The city is not true, as well as the polluted oil pumps everywhere. So in this area acting a negative, the decision is fake, the trick appears. Everything pushes away from the limit (the sex organs of Dorothy Malone and the oil tower, for example). Sirk was criticizing and reflecting at the same time. <br /> <br /> `Horns are the ideas of the director; The light is his philosophy. "It is written on the wind we follow the traditional way of life through geometry and light and shadows. The house of Hadleys, and its levels connected to the ondo staircase works in a romantic way. If the tragedy goes from daylight to night of shadow, the image of Sirk becomes the extension of the inner condition of its characters, and so it is the color of the clothes they are in. The craft service of the director. Sirk saw himself 'story bender', because he bended the usual material given to his style and purpose. Written on the wind is a good example. It can't work with any other hands. Another director who was doing the same tactics was Frank Tashlin, a 50-year-old Sirk for melodrama. a, broadcast TV, jukeboxes, washing machines, sports cars, vacuum cleaners - show depire and its destruction. I liked to think that their films were considered differently by their modern audience. Game played by both sides, so it was camping. Now we look at them as 'worship' or 'strange', because we are not the audience again. That is why Todd Haynes 'worship from Heaven' turns into a pastiche, because it produces Sirk's work these days if nothing happened in the middle. Then Sirk returns exactly in the painting that was put in the gallery which Julianne Moore and the gardener discussing in the previous film. Sirk understood the elements of fully melodrama. There were non-consistent characters (Rock Hudson and Lauren Bacall here) that he could collect a series of those divided. Its proportion to the antithesis is amazing and surprisingly we rooted for split characters, because these are the ones that Sirk interested as well. When Robert Stack jumps the plane and 'tries' Lauren Bacall and all sorts of comfort of the world under them (obviously faintian echoes) we have a very strange and him too, as we are when a little sister devil nymphomaniac causes her old and Mitch alone river. <br /> <br /> In the world of Sirk studio often-imposed 'happy end' has no negative effects. They really did a very good job. Sirk had the experience of the Greek catastrophe and considered to be the end of the fun of Deux ex the days of his day. So the final court area is well suited and the person must also remember that all the film is told by flashback, so we know from the beginning that the catastrophe will fall even on Hadud Hadley. It has been described as many similarities between the Writings of the Wind and the saga of God. I agree completely and I am sure the parallel is not recommended. They all share the head of a strong father trying to keep his kingdom while protecting his family. The compassionate son has been shown by Robert Stack resembling physical and Sonny Corleone of Jimmy Caan. The fight against her boyfriend's sister is normal. The child whom the man has trusted is also common in both films, as the fact that both families have the names of their city. Even the information as a door that provides access to property, and the landscape covered with leaves, shows that Coppola is written on the Wind in mind while keeping its work. Because these two films are concerned with the issue of Power: the availability of power, its destruction and inheritance (even the gentleness of Kyle Hadley, the phenomenon that hurts the problem, is a matter that is easily linked to the main theme of Power, in this case, weakness in the capacity of gender). Another great film with power and uses the American life as its representation is Citizen Kane. One cannot imagine the first similarity between the filles of the Welles and Sirk movies but there is a lot of good, starting with petrol brands as a natural family fortune and ending with the fact that Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson), like Charles Foster Kane, was adopted by the teacher, with his living father. Surprisingly, the same actors (Harry Shannon) makes the father of Wayne and Kane. This description can not be unfortunate. It is written on the Wind is a hub in every aspect, in practice and vision, in style and technique, which shows in the work of this good director. Some say that this is his best film. In my opinion, 'The great destruction', 'All the heavens', 'There is always tomorrow' and 'Copying life' is just the same. And for those who put Sirk at Dallas or Food Food level, I don't like the end of happiness.
