I saw this film on the Chicago Reeling cinema. In order to take a look at the views of the original auditor, the sense of claustrophobic and the color of the film is totally deliberate and describes the meaning of a small space, fabric design, general clay that makes the environment of many cities in Eastern and Central Europe. . The shabby housing project is how I will explain, and this is the most people living on the outskirts of major cities. I can't say that I know Bucharest, Romania where the action has been revealed, but I've visited and lived in Eastern Europe for six months. When I visited Russia as a student at the semester, my whole group had burst their seven-story on the staircase of the students' dorm building, as the heroine did when moving with a woman, because elevators did not work. But, I agree with the auditor, that the color of claustrophobia and color, has passed, for there is a sure, beautiful historical buildings, parks, squares that you can find in Bucharest or in the city center of Eastern European history, and Bucharest did not have many pictures in the film this. For me to watch this film shows a well claustrophobia that I feel during my half year stay there, feeling trapped and limited. (It lets you see why a person would like to move and get a better life, like people as hoping to flee from the US ghetto.) Also, due to the climatic conditions, say, circa, the United States in the 1980s, two women young people who love each other have to put their love into a very special thing; therefore, consider their interaction in the apartment. It is amazing and proposed for my view that this deer film was released even in Romania, and I have a complaint of an old auditor about a bad quality film that is not fully aware and sensitized. It is impossible for the director and producer to support the government's best support and funding for their films, and they did better with their small resources. Employees were very good and reliable; The conversation had been well done, and I could have identity with these women. The film provides an added mix of a banned anti-ban between two young women, kiki, a spirit of love, a happy, confusing, dark, complicated secret (a compliment and love for a disrespectful, pastor, Sandu is interesting with Alexandra, a beautiful woman, a writer, a woman who goes to Bucharest to start her college training. It contradicts interesting, and their behavior appears to be mutual, though there is a tension between Alexandra and pride, studio, intellectual, who seems to be attending college to keep her parents out. Keeping their love secretly from their parents seems to be easy, although we can't get any feeling of tension you need, nor will we ever see or meet other students - hard to believe - and the tension of keeping their secret of love would have a hidden fit. The biggest threat to their love is Kiki's brother and his trouble in trying to seize the relationship with him. But Kiki's love for Alexandra seems to give him the strength he needs at the end of this bond, or does it? That's what the film's concerns focus on as the story grows, and I won't say how it concludes. Interestingly, Kiki's love "disease" is not a love for another woman, but it is wrong, a good love for her brother. Therefore, to love a woman provides adequate treatment for the disease of loving her brother. Even though the feel of this film is facing claustrophobic, it is closed to the interaction between Kiki and Alexandra, it was still concerned with moving to the look, so I will give you 7.
