At the Academy Awards ceremony on March 27, 1957, Dorothy Malone won Oscar Executive Assistant for her top buttons, on top of the destroyed heiress of the Texas oil tycoon written in WIND. The 1956 bandit robber, chosen by Robert Wilder's novel, was a true third-party cycle that demonstrates apathy, greed, upotence and nymphomania. Malone's performance as Marylee Hadley, a wealthy girl who takes people to stir the pain of refusal from an old child, was a representative of the movie as a whole. Testing even as it goes to the lowest "melidrama" community, written on WIND is finally the work of one person, a good director of gifts Douglas Sirk, a successor from before the United Nations War 2 Weimar Germany who lost European Heritage the theater after performing the work in Hollywood. The best person, Sirk made himself a name in the 1950s as the Universal Studios, a reliable supplier of delicious soap, especially for the Ross Hunter production of PENALTY, INFORMATION YOU ARE SHOWING AND MAKING LIFE. The independent producer Albert Zugsmith gave Sirk an opportunity to work outside restrictions to prevent Universal's destruction and to create more adult, "luxury" products, therefore, WIND and follow him, TARNISHED ANGELS 1957, released under an international booth international. It is a guess of anyone why Sirk did not follow the main theme, but it seems to be describing these drama more widespread for its artistic call. It is written in the WIND can be considered as the soppy sop opera; in fact, it is very sharp and humanitarian weaknesses and neurosis as shown among the very rich that it is compelling to look like any real inner life in the middle of the rich and famous, perhaps more. Robert Stack (not the best known for voting) near the Malone match with the power of his weak brother loved Kyle Hadley, the only shadow of his father. When he sees that he cannot give his new master (leonine Lauren Bacall), Hadley goes too far, adding a problem of drinking already and a gun guns that threaten to make a human bomb bomb. Both brothers and sisters, like rounds and unlike them, are presented as former victims, giving them human quality that makes them look very bad (and more attractive than the "good" family, especially Bacall and Rock). Hudson, a young boy of Hadley's boyfriend and business partner, an old boy and Malone's something that is not available.) Despite self-mutual cooperation, not the most memorable story here as planned. The composition and editing of the image, director Sirk attracts its viewers to this picture and the image of the Technicolor enhanced video: each single shot in this film is a canvas to fill the eye of the full color, from the front of the pink-like pink cadillac connecting doors in front of the house of luxury luxury hotels of Miami, the base of hues near the blind in their diversity. and major events that use Sirk's ivory cameras, shadows and cut-out editorials, which show a great impact on the area where Malone, who was a rebel, has gone to bed in doubt in his upper bedroom bedroom. A record player when he was struck by a sharply climbing staircase; The area is riveting that you swear you are facing a large oedipal drama opening. What you are looking at is a very big kind of entertainment, has emerged in Technicolor's beauty and is perfected for the visual perception.
