"Ruby in Paradiso" is a good story, coming up on the age of a young woman, Ruby Lee Gissing, fleeing her respiratory roots to herself. Although the head attitude is played with skill and good Ashley Judd - the possibility of its first role of the film, though the person is very proud - the emphasis is not on being a "man," of the next Madonna (like Jesus' mother or a hungry, interested singer ). Instead it emphasizes the following biography and has some views on them, growing up to be better, adult. NOTE: this is not a movie action! It uses regular voice notes (and Mrs. Judd) when she writes in her journal - and, I see, I have lost half of men out there. But patience with this beautiful film, where we learn that the happiness of a man can be discovered in - oh, I dunno, carrying water and cutting wood. <br /> <br /> Actor / director / author Todd Field, who played Nick Nightingale in "Wide's Shut Eyes," star stars as the love of Ruby Lee's love, who helps her to heal her ideas of youth-based relationships. But even her character is the answer to Ruby Lee: No outdoor hero is put on it. The last message is that we are responsible for ourselves. The author / director Victor Nunez, who also wrote / inspired "Ulee Gold," did an amazing job showing a young woman growing up in her - dealing with the challenges of the old v v good years on the way. Assistant support also stands, and the music used, especially reduced by Sam Phillips (who I hear is T. Bone Burnett's wife), is right - especially "Trying to Keep the World." The first songs of the song, tears shed my eyes, Pavlovian and untreated - it does not know whether it is music, or a relationship that can be acceptable to the message of quiet, exciting movies. <br /> This movie is highly recommended for any young person trying to find its way. For any woman of any age, she must see! Downside: Not on DVD, except in Spanish. (We learn, however, it is legally binding to make one copy of the VHS version that can be easily accessed. My dear husband sought someone with a copy of the VHS and received a copy of the DVD released to me.) Although this movie's movie regularly pops up the air ? on the indie channel, common? you do not consider that when you may need more as a toniki to reduce world barriers. So buy your own copy. <br /> <br /> This movie should have a great review, and would, if I was the King of Hollywood. Figure Jones
