I watched this film at the time of release in 1987 and I was very emotionally affected, through a mixture of guilt in what my white people could do for innocent people and reluctance to the outside world to investigate this investigation against man. <Br /> <br /> Especially migrating was the Revelations of Steve Biko, made even more clear and hard-hitting and South Africa's ceremony played at that time. I have long believed that this film has reached what no one can manage - to open the eyes of the world for what is really happening in South Africa. I think I am a normal person thinking and I can prove how this film changed my way of thinking about not only South Africa, but how we as white people we know black people. I have never seen the difference between people of any color or belief, but after watching this film I changed my life and I have spent 17 years ago in a very dark country and helping many people grow up to the current level of life and achieve what they could not imagine possible. The biggest prize I can honestly have received - to be able to say that in my small way I have contributed and strengthened the balance. But if many people thought I was and actually did something to help black people without seeking rewards then all black people of this planet would be much better. I challenge anyone who considers the right to watch Cry Uhuru from the beginning to the end and do not feel that feelings are facing your heart if you see 700 school children were brutally shot in Sharpville by refusing to learn Afrikaans, unnecessary killings Steve Biko, the champion of his people's rights, and then, finally, to understand that all this is not just the film, though it is very strange, but all that happened and less than 30 years ago. <br /> <br /> Yes, my friends, check out this film and then you will see if you can go back to a hard party. I couldn't. I was also angry about knowing the truth. That's the most popular film. It was evidently the intention of Sir Richard Attenborough to get this message on South Africa. Of course he has succeeded. Unless you happen to support apartheid discrimination. God will help you.
