Richard Attenborough is a director whose name is the same as the 'Gandhi' award of the Academy, back in '83. I did not know any work of his work until I came 'Cry Freedom', released back in 1987. Although it may not be as popular as his Gandhi, it is everything that surpasses, if not more, and was released when South Africa has not yet removed racial discrimination. Although many films on social issues come out after the incident, I think this is given at that time. <br /> <br /> The story depends on the characters of real life and events. A book that had been filmed was written by Donald Woods (Kevin Kline), a journalist who worked in South Africa for the last seven years. It shows the nature of Woods' friendship and black black leader Steve Biko, who is wonderfully described by Denzel Washington. I can't think the best option for the role. Washington comes from the natural charm and the presence of screens, which Biko character is required. At first, Woods was against what he felt to be the color of the black color spread by Biko, after meeting the man, he could not help attract. in battle with his mind. The bond between them grows stronger, and the woods and his family recognize and become more sensitive to the problem of people Biko represents. However, finally, the strike of the strike, and the woods should now focus on flight from South Africa, with his book, so that he can publish it and allow the outside world to know what's going on. The second half of the film is the story of his escape from South Africa, with his family, and will put you in ringing action. It is a beautiful and interesting discussion as well. The location between Biko and a lawyer in the courtroom is typical. <br /> Attorney: Are you emphasizing violence? Biko: I emphasize the fight. Attorney: Well, not abuse, Mr. Biko? Biko: Not necessary. You and I have been fighting now, but I don't see any violence. However, there is a time that lets you back to the fears that have filled the country before the better understanding. The area where the army opens fire for school children protests is trembling in the gut and shocking. <br /> <br /> This must definitely look. I would like to advise those who do not know and work at Attenborough, make time out for this. There are many movies that make a lot of money. And there are movies that make life. I would like any day to prefer the end.
