What a talented film. I will admit that it's so desperate, and that. For more than two and a half hours, it's a very long film too. But however none of these instructions are wrong in any way. The Liberty Cry, in spite of a few mistakes may be, is a powerful, moving and compelling film on the story of black activist Steve Biko in his campaign to activate South Africa for fear of racism. It is true, that the first half is stronger than the second in terms of emotional impact. People have also complained that the film is experiencing too many biko biko. I would be wrong, but though it's Biko's story, it is told in the view of the woods, so Wood is an important character in presenting Biko's story to the world. The Freedom of Hunting looks amazing. With the movie to stop the show and the wonderful picture of South Africa was a feel of a feel. The opening events were actually shot. George Fenton's music brought great weight to many events. It was a trick in the squares in the second half, but it is exciting and interesting in people's events. The script was of exceptional quality, court stations and Biko were enough to make you think wow this is the real quality of the quality. The first half with Biko as the main goal always had something to feel emotionally about, whether it is a police attack on South African citizens or Biko's death. The second half of Donald Woods carries under the emotional blow, but it is paid for by shooting, doing and writing. And there are places that are also true. Exercise was unique due to the entire cast, from the very small character to two ways, did not have one bad performance. Regardless of the accent that is, but it is easily forgiven and how the performances are attractive to you. Denzel Washington in one of his most exhibitions, offers real performance like Biko, and Kevin Kline shows that he can be good at the drama as he plays, for he gave the best performance similar to Washington. And the two men's chemistry is reliable and never knows the falsehood. Penelope Wilton is as good as Donald Wendy's wife, and she is a good actor though. Outside the help, and there may be preferences, two stood for me. One was Timothy West, who shares his role as Captain DeWet. Another was the ordinary John Thaw in an extraordinary role as a Kruger. Lord Richard Attenborough's focus is focused and always sensitive as usual. Overall, the most amazing film. Influence and durability, but it does not cease to be compelling, powerful and moving. A winner from Mr. Richard Attenborough, and deserves many more qualities. 10/10 Bethany Cox
