What a film! I didn't think Richard Attenborough could have such a movie in it. Gandhi has always left me different, far from Ben Kingsley's performance, and I have never considered Attenborough a good film player. But freedom to cry made my interest as a few movies recently. It is an exciting modern political event and a beautiful show by Kevin Kline and Denzel's Washington limited. Kline plays Donald Woods, editor of the South African newspaper who becomes a friend of civil rights activist Steve Biko. It starts as a tough friendship, for Wood sees Biko as a black head preaching hate against whites. But Biko, in his good words, upbeat character with full transparency, success on the woods and his identity on the brutality that the woods had no information on. <br /> <br /> Biko is a citizen, the law of permanent citizens whose altruistically stands against all discrimination and the ongoing system of its people. One night, coming from an informal meeting, he was arrested and beaten to death. The authorities are trying to eradicate it because Biko has become a great man in South Africa. But through the efforts of Woods the truth comes out. But what has to be the victory becomes just a dream as a woods and his family being a target for secret police. <br /> <br /> This movie has an interesting design. In fact it has two stories: first tells the life and death of Biko. It is the first half of the first, dominated by Washington's charisma in what might be its great performance yet. The second half, not less interesting, tells the efforts of Woods to escape from South Africa to publish a book about Biko. Woods has become an enemy of the state, a man who is banned, which means he cannot meet people or leave his country. Plus he is mentioned frequently by the police. Kevin Kline provides good performance in this second half too. Though the first half is exactly straight, the second makes things interesting and editing, by providing Biko's restrictions and events that depict anti-black South Africa. Some might say that this is making it more interesting, but for me the second half as a stimulus, like the woods and her family are planning a sharp plan to avoid South Africa. The last minutes were very frightening in tears. George Fenton and Jonas Gwangwa's score were certainly something to do with it. Although I have never been a fan of Fenton (he cannot stand in his Gandhi symbol), I think the Independence Cry is one of the most beautiful written for movies. Movies, based on the music and photographs of power, have sometimes reached the emotional point of emotion. <br /> <br /> Liberty Cry is definitely not a movie just looking for Denzel Washington's reason. This is the best movie. Working, writing, music, editing, movies mention together in a perfect original to create ode for the power of the human spirit. This movie deserves a place with movies like Pianist, Life Is Good and The Shawshank Redemption.
