"The True Story of Friendly Affliced ​​South Africa And Activates the Earth." Richard Attenborough, who led the "Bridge Too Far" and "Gandhi", wanted to bring the story of Steve Biko life, and the journey with the trouble that journalist Donald Woods walked in to find his story told. These films use two Wood books for information and foundation - "Biko" and "Troubleshooting". The film takes place in the late 1970s, South Africa. South Africa is in the apartheid discrimination, which makes white people separate from whites and chooses whites as a better race. The Muslims are forced to live in shantytown outside cities and cities, and suffer from frequent harassment by the police and the army. We are shown a dawn raid on the shantytown, like weapons and police weapons of their way through camping and even killing locals. Then we are brought by Donald Woods (Kevin Kline), who is the editor of a popular magazine. After publishing bad stories about black activist Steve Biko (Denzel Washington), Woods might meet him. They are both harassed for the first time, but soon they become good friends and Biko shows the suffering of racist system from the blacks view of the woods. This encourages Woods to say about what is happening around him, and it makes him witness to tell Steve Biko's story out of South Africa's white and world groups. Recently, Steve Biko has been arrested and killed in prison. Now Woods and his family are struggling to escape from South Africa to England, where Woods can publish his book about Steve Biko and racism. When I first heard the "Cry Freedom", I was under the impression that it was a totally released movie for Steve Biko's life. I have never heard Steve Biko before seeing this film, as events in this film were before my time. But it is more about the story of Donald Woods and his journey until till Lesotho as he tried to avoid South African officials. Woods was placed on the arrest of a five-year house after Steve Biko killed. So to publish his document on Steve Biko, he had to avoid. Because the document would be considered in South Africa and it could result in Woods' results to meet the same fate as Biko. Donald Woods and his wife worked as consultants on this film. Denzel Washington is only in the film for the first hour, and I was desperate and that as I expected to see him in all the movie. But it was strange as Steve Biko, and captured his personality from what I had read well and his voice looked perfect. His performance made him a selection of Oscar for Actor Best Supporting. Kevin Kline offers better performance and thinking like Donald Woods, and Penelope Wilton is better as his Wendy wife. The trench took place in Zimbabwe, as it is worth mentioning the problems that happened when they tried to make it a South African film. During South Africa, South Africa's gestance tracked film workers everywhere, so they got bad vibes and left to go to neighboring Zimbabwe instead. With everything, and the fact that racism did not die "up to seven years later," freedom of Cry "was not banned in South Africa. But movies show a movie that gets the threats of bombs. Richard Attenborough brings fear of racism on the screen with power We do not stop at the end of the movie when showing what is supposed to be a peaceful demonstration with students in shantytown, it turns into a massacre when the police opens fire. The film ends with the names of all immigrants to fight racism, and the details of Many were "No Interpretation". Few were "fit", which is hard to believe, and many others have fallen from the top of the stairs or were "suicide from Hanging". Nobody will know what happened to them, but I think it's right to say that none of these people died with their own hands, but with the hands of others; or more appropriate, in the hands of the police . The "Liberty Cry" is a movie to see for the show and story of Steve Biko. It is also seen and destroys the exhibition of the beautiful land divided and focusing on hell for racism and violence.
