I finally got my desire to see this in the movie. I would like to see the film of Fritz Lang on video several years ago. I would be hoping that good surveillance would make their magic. <br /> <br /> Conditions were best in Cinematheque Ontario. Prini's length of Pristine. Publications in the native language of the German Gothic and English translation of the same time, the correct would be real also. Put the live piano. Better. The film's film was struck for a while but eventually failed to catch it, at least for me. This video is not suitable for a true relationship with the Wagner's Ring circle as I already knew but some cannot. Wagner had done c 13. Niebelingenlied for its own purpose. Part I of Eprit Lang of Epic - "Siegfried" - has a lot that will be common for the Wagner audience however. Kriemhild's Revenge is the story of Siegfried's wife of Kriemhild, her marriage to King Etzel (Attila) Hun, and her desire to take revenge on Hagen and Gunther, looking for Nibelungs again, for Siegfried murder. A shocking shock in this film may have changed and expanded in mythos of the Wagnerian in its Götterdämmerung, its Twilight gods, and the end of Valhalla. This film remains the world. Most of the films are amazing. The big set is against those of "Cabiria" (1914), which led to the Griffith "Disruption" (1916). Their decoration sets a new benchmark in the glory of barbaric. There is a great cast for Huns, oranges and beans of Art Deco. And war. The war that does not seem to be completed really. Kriemhild is very successful in his plan of revenge. He can destroy all around. His loyalty to Siegfried killed him is not very visible from love, or devotion, but from something close to psychosis. Lady Macbeth cried, "Unsex me here." He knew he was emotionally prepared for what he needed to do. But Kriemhild does not show ordinary human feelings, and certainly there is nothing that matches the female principle. He is already "full of brutal cruelty", borrowing the words of Shakespeare, since the beginning. Margarethe Schön and her director show this to light. I don't want to propagate, but the light is just about the expression we are "lighting" the face of Kriemhild. It ends in a single note display. Obviously however, it is not just the case of a serious act. What we are offered is now a direct draw of Fury's revenge. Others can see Kriemhild as a powerful heroine. I only see the film as anarchy.
