In another way, Kriemhild's anger is dying of Siegfried, but it also loses some of the film's size. This plan is more than a partnership than the first, which is absolutely amazing. The second half of the real poem is the most sloppier and more difficult to cross, until, therefore, it is found on the scenes of war; The only Iliad is the best. Lang and Harb strengthened Huns. The author of Nibelungenlied poetry did not know Hun from his right ball, and because they are, more or less, similar to the Burgundian in the custom. For example, although the poet clearly states that Etzel is the nations (which Kriemhild is very concerned if Rudiger tries to persuade him to marry her), when she gets Hunland, the first thing she does is go to a lot. Huns here are plain widows; they are almost like a caveman. Their manifestation is hilarious, especially Figure, jester, who has two amazing events. Etzel's character has been given more weight. He is much bigger. All he does is to wait for his fate in the original poem. Lang and Harbou are skilled in creating doubts, especially in the banquet area, which is intercut and the second performance of versions for amazing effect. However, like the half of this poem, the success of an amazing film film is not limited to this, for the most part, except for the spectacular sequence where the Etzel venue decreases and Nibelungs inside. One thing that I must resist is how Harbou changes the end. SPOILERS: in the poem, after Hildebrand capture Hagen and Gunther, imprisoned. Kriemhild visits Hagen in his cell and asks that he announces the place he hid horde. He refuses and himself reduces his brother. When Hagen still refuses, he rejects him. Hildebrand (or perhaps Dietrich) is so frustrated that a woman will stop killing the great fighter that she, too, separates him, calling him “Woman Devil”. Etzel, who is very weak in poem than he is here, says something wrong as: "Ah me!" I can understand why they want to keep the time and place as Hildebrand brings them from the castle; Keeping a prison of two deaths could make the film more anticlimatic. I also understand why they did not have Hildebrand to kill Kriemhild: his behavior has been reduced here; his name is mentioned once. But, having Kriemhild suicide, adopting Brynhild's death from Icelandic sources, it is only a catering for the audience rather than encouraging them. The subject of the poem is that Kriemhild's fury is going to be far away and it must be in the area of ​​evil. Here, we only die for his lost love. It's not interesting.
