Please see also my comments on Die Nibelungen section 1: Siegfried. The second part of the UFA's NIBelungen grid's definition of the Nibelungen proceeds continues to be beaten with the sound of the sound, voice and emotional sounds of its predecessor. However, one part was a non-interested picture of human works, the second part is the sign of an outbreak of blood. As in one place, director Fritz Lang keeps the rhythm of continuous, the speed of action and the hardness of the bullet structure increases and fall as well as the sound of each area needs. These images should be monitored only by the Gottfried Huppertz logo, which, incidentally, is on the Kino DVD. Now, for this purpose on many steps, Lang is presented with a major challenge in staging. The process of performance in its original components was often constructed badly, but now it makes them a part of the romantic flow, and the level of activity on the screen grows as orchestra. But only if one part of us made a testimony of Siegfried of facts and without excitement, the two parts offer war as a serious problem. In both pictures, there is a lack of purpose of emotional relationships with characters. That is why Lang goes a lot of camera out of action, never allowing us to feel like we are there (and this is important because involving the audience is usually different from the work of Lang). That is also why the exhibits are not shown in general, as well as practitioners around like talking to sleep. However, Kriemhild's revenge makes a constant response to the emotions, and in fact it is a human being. One natural moment is when Atilla takes care of her baby for the first time, and Lang really emphasizes the gentleness of this area by strengthening the wild, fascinating journey of milk. The thing is that Lang cannot send us to take sides, and in this way this version is more similar to the original saga than Wagner's opera. Slaughter to the top is the very antithesis of the fighting area. Why Hitler and cooperation. get so tear on it, the fact that it has the right to destroy the features of these films? Because the tribal tribalism of Muslims enabled them to focus on Nibelungs as good people, even if they kill children and betray their relatives. For Hitler, their collapse will always be a national disaster, not man. But for us non-coconut viewers, what makes this photo enjoyable is a good feeling of pageantry and rhythm of music. When you see these pictures of Lang, it makes you realize how much you lost on Hollywood. Instead of offering donations to low-budget animals, they should make him work on sword-and-sand publications, pictures that should not be trustworthy and do not need to make us emotionally, where they are poetry, operating voice that gives us together.
