Canto 1: How Kriemhild went down to Siegfried and how King Attila Woos Her Through his Ambassador Rüdiger von Bechlarn: Kriemhild (Margarete Schön) insists that he has the head of her beloved husband, Hagen Tronje (Hans Adalbert Schlettow), but his brother, King Gunther (Theodor Loos), refuses his request. King Attila of Woos Huns Kriemhild through his ambassador Rüdiger von Bechlar, makes a commitment through an oath by his king that no one will offend him. Hagen Tronje hides the Nibelungen treasure under the lake. Canto 2: How Kriemhild comes from her country and how she received from King Attila: Kriemhild brings the land from where Siegfried died, and goes to the Huns court, where she is welcomed by Attila himself, who also promised to take an oath to defend her. Canto 3: How King Attila made Rome and how Kriemhild called his brothers: When Kriemhild gives the boy a boy, Attila returns to his place and asks Kriemhild what he would like to please. He asks him to invite his brothers to come into his kingdom. Canto 4: How Kriemhild Receives His Elders: Kriemhild insists that the head of Hagen Tronje, but his brothers continue to be loyal to their friend and again do not accept his request. <br /> <br /> Canto 5: How to Huns Solstice's Summer And Nibelungen: Kriemhild asks Attila to kill Hagen Tronje, but refuses in accordance with the rules of the desert, the alien is considered to be holy. Kriemhild offers gold to Hums by the head of Hagen Tronje. There is a war, and Hagen Tronje kill the child of Attila <br /> <br /> Canto 6: Nibelungen concern: Huns loses war against Nibelungen, but stop them under Attila's castle. Kriemhild promises to save their lives if they gave Hagen Tronje, but his brother Gunther says that the German people are honest with their friends <br /> <br /> Canto 7: End of Nibelungen: After the death of Rüdiger von Bechlarn, Giselher and Gernot , Hagen Tronje and Guhther were finally captured. Kriemhild kills Hagen Tronje, completing revenge and destruction of Nibelungen. The end of Siegfried poetry through "Kriemhild's Revenge" is also told through seven great cantos. The first part of the story is a good story of fantasy, adventure, romance and betrayal; The second part is a great story of hatred, revenge and trust. Screenplay established and full development of characters, the beautiful performances of cast and the wonderful direction of Fritz Lang produced another epic before. Margarete Schön is an amazing woman and a different woman, interested in inflexible in her revenge. Dress that Kriemhild wearing is also very surprising, and her acting depends on her face and look. I was greatly disappointed with the impact of Attila after the death of her son alone, since I also found it to be alive. My vote is eight. Title (Brazil): "Os Nibelungos ?? Parte II: Vingança de Kriemshild" ("Nibelungen Part II: Kriemhild Revenge")
