The story of pride and amazement of humanity and honesty around the marriage of the beetle, the animation of the Russian animation Wladyslaw Starewicz of "Mest kinematograficheskogo operatora" ("Camera camera", or "Kinematograph Camera Revenge") is a fun animation , the color of the most effective puppetry and no lack of imagination. And Mrs. Beetle has an unlikely marriage, and they all want more excitement in their lives. Beetle's desires can only be satisfied with a good foreign player in the "Gay Dragonfly" nightclub, who visits every time he takes "business trips" to the city. He is the only one who is drunk. The pastor of this dancer, the wolf, is envious that Mr. Beetle has been stolen by his wife, and as he will be, she is also a film camera. The deceptive pastor follows Mr. Beetle and his friends in the hotel room, where he plays their films through the key. At the same time, Mrs. Beetle also, she found a friend to add excitement to her life. He is an artist, and he brings painting for now, before both sit down a bed for some friendship. At that time, however, Mr. Beetle returns home and testifies to the festival. As Mr. Beetle passed through the front door, a friend of the artist hits the chimney, but he can't escape without Mr. Beetle when he begins his anger and frustration. in the following statement: "Mr. Beetle is generous. He forgives his wife and takes her to the movie." He is generous enough to forgive him, and he was still equal to one minute early. At this time, however, we have not forgotten a few of the jealous films who had planned to take revenge, and it is not surprising when it turns out to be a projection of the film by Mr. Beetle. Suddenly the intervention of the film they are enjoying is the footage of Mr. Beetle's injustice, and the angry wife blows her head and umbrella, before the angry and angry husband passes through the theater screen to find grass. > <br /> In the last area, Mr. and Mrs. Beetle, now more interested, are serving time in prison for a fire started when Mr. Beetle wanted to take revenge. We, in fact, hope that the "home life of Beetles will be less exciting in the future?" This film may seem to be just a story of coming and going to a variety of insects, but Starewicz speaks more than that. Is this not a story about bugs? it's a story about us. And it's amazing, isn't it?
