For animation buffs it should be, but even the overall audience will enjoy REVENGE OF CAMERAMAN, a very early example of 'blowing pixilation' and hard pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz. Starewicz and his assistants made him a lot of pain in the number of insects that could change this story, making a way of interest to Willis O'Brien, George Pal, Ray Harryhausen, and the modern creation forces of digital effects. REALTY OF CAMERAMAN is only 10 minutes long, but packs for a lot of delightful stories like the story follows the amorous adventures of two bugs from their home to nightclub, hotels, movies, and finally, The prison cell. There are two short drums on a nightclub (made by frog and shadow), bone between the bugs and sauce, and donnybrook largely on the cinema, which opens with the incoming fire. Good preparations planned for 1912, when John Bray and Winsor MacCay were starting to start, and Walt Disney was still at school school! It is worth noting, too, what effect the change of the head of the silent movie card may have a told story. I have seen two versions of this film offered by two video companies, and looking at it back, and though the image of the image itself is almost identical, two different sets of heads say two very different stories. (And the lesson of the same plot outlined above describes the third story, which shows that there is another version out there somewhere.) The publication of the British Film Institute, which has written songs, tells the story of two brothers brothers, each who hides the marriage, who hides this information from someone else to inherit the luck of their late father. Other, Russian newspapers, describes a simple story of the bugs that each one is guilty of loyalty. In the Russian version Mr. Beetle visits his boy at the "Gay Dragonfly" nightclub, during the English version Brother Bill Beetle visited his wife at the music hall. Personally, I would directly - and spicier - the story of Russia; The version of BFI tries to be very conspicuous in what should be a simple tale, and some poems are very little. However, in any example, REVENGE OF CAMERAMAN is a lively film, and it could make the best leadership in another great work that has bugs, how to do it.
