This film does not fail to get involved in migration, even in 2008 for only known audiences with modern voice and computer enhancements. <br /> <br /> The experience of goer movie in 1922 who could only see this in movies and others on their main screen should have had a great reputation and quite satisfying experience. A person who asks can make a film maker today to make a two-hour movie to make it attractive and reach the tempo of the same structure as equals as this movie has. Silent text was a pure art, with caution in the form of structure, direction and acting - there were no more handkerchiefs and more words or restrictions caused by the computer. The silent or exciting experience is known. This film needs to be put in place for those who can be destroyed by mentioning a Christian theme. This is not 'Christiany' film, not selling anything. These topics and current ethics are often seen at this time - as well as the church that continues on Sunday was the old national age, Christianity was given in many households so the film shows only the normal life as it was then. The theme would be real and detailed at that time. It is very unusual to find great support for the good Christian ideas of this film (and not to preach religion to anyone, just to show the difference between the hypocrites and the faithful) that in 1922 the pastor in an open discussion with The representative from the film industry and the great crowd accused Pickford as an example of fornication, as well as other people he called. NY Times 1922. Perhaps they should watch this film which also came out in 1922 and, learn some lessons. The pastor complained that since the film industry began church attendance was 500,000. Representative of the film in the debate however did the following instructions; that the attendance of the saloon has also fallen, that there were more pastors in prison than practitioners (fact) and that choosing a few of the many examples did not represent. So there was a continuous battle between the church and the film industry early in the film. This is a good film about being honest and true to family friends and being willing to offer sacrifices. Mary Pickford, honest, honest, cheerful, cheerful, faithful, proud and quiet - though poor and uneducated people represented perfect character. This is not available yet but it has been revealed a little through the movie. This is a reminder of contemporary Chinese films where the characters slow down, found in the voice over the film period and this is a tempo that creates a strong relationship with the character. It has a soft season for the first half that builds all components for the last part. The last 30 minutes are the great success of the film and should be considered to have been successful without good discussion, made - it was accomplished through working with great leadership. Sometimes you are surprised to find that at the end of the film you don't feel the word spoken, but it feels like you have heard everything. Support support puts the best exhibitions especially Gloria Hope, Jean Hersholt and Lloyd Hughes. The last few minutes are the example of Pickford's humorous humor as he goes out under the pretext of the spread of snow, perfect balance and perfection. This is a special kind of humor that should not be overlooked. Chaplin used this device regularly and copied some Pickford. Another special observation made on Silent movies and especially Pickford movies is that the stars often hold the camera in the amount of the movie without the audience having lost or exhausted, with a few actors. Since Pickford is usually the center of attention through its many movies but people still can't get enough of it is a contract for its ability to act properly.
