Those without education and care, the good TESS of STORM is the daughter of a runaway fisherman. Spirited & confident, he attracts the heart of the millionaires' son, but the hatred, fear and sudden death is what can surprise him in the future before he can claim the happiness of happiness. <br /> Mary Pickford is very interesting in this amazing, heart-breaking movie. He considered Tess to be his passion and fills it with joy and enthusiasm that has made him the most famous stars in the world. The story contains all the essential elements of the modern fairy story, along with Maria, the heroine who suffers, who suffers from all the dangerous conditions, of trouble. The atmosphere is the first level, and the outdoor fishing village is particularly suitable. <br /> <br /> In the support trap, Jean Hersholt stands as the evil man who tries to force Pickford to marry her. Hersholt, a very gentle soul from the screens, manages to show its full characteristic corruption. It was the second time that Pickford took place in TESS. The 1914 version was one of its first important films, but its production standards were against the standards of the 1920s (no close-ups, for example) and Maria, producing its own films and enough power in 1922 to do anything whatever the film he wanted, he decided only when in his career to restore the film. The end result actually lived according to his expectations. All these films were very popular in the box office. A fascinating research for future filmmaker will be the influence of Christianity in Mary Pickford's life; certainly runs like a gold thread through the silent movies that he has produced. Although romantic love in the nature of silent movies may cause these spiritual feelings to seem very unpleasant today, we have to accept as a true reflection, by repeating them, Mary's beliefs. In TESS, one of the most beautiful places stands in this regard: Pickford is learning to read through the Bible. He shows Lloyd Hughes (who plays his partner) a word from the back of the book that he does not know. He tries for it (the word is clear 'crucifixion') and, the eyes turned to Heaven as the full meaning of the sacrifice comes upon him, Mary's face becomes beautiful. TESS is presented by Jeffrey Mark Silverman which emphasizes fully the beauty & pathos of this amazing film.
