Mr. Bhandarkar explains this film required to open a rich and famous life while also providing clarity on the credibility of today's journalism. and get the release of the media. In fact the film would have us believe that this exposure makes celebrities out of the community and newspapers have a great hand in this. IMO there is much greater cooperation between celebrities and media and it's "I need you, you need me" kind of connection. However, the media requires more consultants and not the opposite. However, in this period of regular sharing it is dropped in a category (page 3 of the newspaper) Konkana Sen Sharma. He is portrayed as this famous, famous composer in social gatherings. She has a good friend in Abhijeet's gay and in the example of Rohit (Bikram Saluja). He rooms with air hostess? Sassy Pearl (Sandhya Mridul), and an active actor - Gayatri (Tara Sharma). The editor of the newspaper is Boman Irani and the fire of the fire that struck the writer was hit by Atul Kulkarni. Film has many plot elements and characters but it works at a certain level. The rich is shown to be closed on the basis of a large part, the biz of a film shown to be evil for max and bed events, used for power, hunger for media exposure. In all of this is smooth in homosexuality, homosexual partnerships that are invincible to a lot or story, the use of drugs, pedophilia, killing "police". With the desire of Pearl's desire to have a rich man, a social daughter who is involved in car sex, disgusting women, all seem to have serious problems. <br /> <br /> The movie has the best to act for Konkana Sen Sharma, Atul Kulkarni has almost no role? mercy in my opinion. But holding the hand is more than capable (Boman Irani is very good). This is what saves me to me. Mr. Bhandarkar mentions more ways than he can chew or process a celluloid and allows the film to be free for all the bash. I would like to consider one or two of the social problems and investigate more effectively. He harms the use of the community yet he uses all the ingredients that are needed for the film to be successful. We have an item number in the sound system of the sound system, the children who are left with gold dancing for the West. I hope the next one from Madhur Bhandarkar tries to erase the shaft even more of the Indian-based films. Film is a brave effort (in spite of the wound), certainly has a look at the look.
