Page 3 is one of the films that Minister Bhandarkar makes to erase social dirt. The film is compelling, but, like most of the Bhandarkar films, it is one-sided and more ambitious. This film is about journalism, printing, celebrity. The film shows the life of the community, whose life is very proud, unique and terrible. They work, they care nothing except popularity, they organize parties in funerals, they love a lot of money and high reputation, they will do anything to get enough space in the media, to get their names for the publishing boldly in the daily social media newspaper as "Page 3" with large images that will be in the middle of the discussion of people. They are looking for caution, salacious and hypocrisy. The film industry is portrayed as evil, and the bed bed is common among the creators of the film. There our beautiful heroine, a young journalist of Madhvi Sharma, is thrown. All these people from the Mumbai professionals rely on his articles and he is a good person to be friends in these parties if he wants to mention you in his article. Later in the film we learn that even those who are friends of Madhvi are not different from these high-society people. This was difficult for me to look at, although the film is undoubtedly a hero and issues that are relevant to it. <br /> <br /> Film films are average. Recommended songs are "Kitne Ajeeb" and "Huzoor-E-Ala", they sang for the two songs of Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle, respectively. Otherwise the sound of the sound is bad. One song that was worse is "Filmy Very Filmy". Writing the film is quite good. The second half is better than the first, since it turns more than a matter of fact and provides the most important things such as terrorism and child abuse. That's where the film should be applauded. It was sad to know that people prefer to ignore the crime due to fear and despair of Konkona Sen Sharma's behavior was very easy to involve. He was the best in all the films and his work in the last events was amazing. The part of Atul Kulkarni was very small but did perfect justice. Boman Irani established as magazine editor. Sandhya Mridul is loved by Pearl who lives with Madhvi's husband who marries an old man with money and is honest to accept. The end of the film has been done well, and it provides a certain solution for forgiveness after the most difficult cases. Page 3 is a good film, it's interesting and sometimes migrates, but its interest rate and its overall quality are destroyed by its widespread, destructive and rough image.
