After reading some reviews and other comments, I heard when I came to beat this film. Roeg movies have a little thing to do with someone else, and expect this if one of the ones you want is probably not a mark. <br /> <br /> What this film is looking for thinking and surprising in religious beliefs. The only other film like that — according to his religious message-would have been Tolkin`s Rapid. I wonder that anyone can say that story is full or unusual. It is a simple film about Catholic faith, miracles, and redemption - although you can never imagine until the end. It is also the only movie that I can think of their resolution that turns out, in fact, for pun. If (happy) is a Catholic himself, I know what the film is approaching, and I find a kind of delight in its final lack of relationship between God and man. But if you don't know what kind of theology that the film has been installed, then it will go well on your head. If the film-contrary to the story - 'Heavenly Heaven' will not break the ground. When 'Snack' exceeds the importance of photos and movies, 'Cold Heaven' reduces its movie features. No strict shots, no edgy effects, no attempts to integrate content on the form. It's a job shot, but it failed. Nor do they talk or act to put it in the class of the top game. It's a simple story that opens up easily. It may seem odd; but the secret is finally revealed. It seems useless; but in one line discrimination loses in the form of Catholic doctrine. In this regard, 'Cold Heaven' has the same heart as one type of thing that operates a movie like 'The Sting,' or 'Sixth Sense,' or 'End of the End,' or the Polanski's Political Accuracy. All of these are films and trick on their sleeves. They can upset you on the way, but they have a definite idea - in fact - but fun is, at least in part, for interference. However, even if it looks a little bit more than a dog's shaggy story and a punch line, it is important to look at how it is focused-and unreasonable - you. Try it - especially if you, or have ever been, Catholic.
