I don't know about short and vote! Video distributors have closed this as just the most common '80s movie waswolf, but in fact it's a great parody of the kind of fear that you can imagine, after making for a horror movie what "bright saddles" made for the west. I have seen many comedies - good, bad, stupid, weird, etc. (usually walk away without worrying), and I think that the comedy must be complicated a variety of filmmakers and actors working - it takes only the right kind of touch to make things succeed, and part of it has good ideas. "Full Moon High" comes with good ideas - in fact, in fact, it can keep the team of Zucker / Abrams of "Birds" and "Naked Gun" for shame. One of the best of these is the existence of Ed McMahon in the role of the stars as the crackpot of John Birch-style right. Jokes, non-sequiturs, wishes and word of play are really not stopping and everything, including the kitchen sink, sent. A wonderful voice is the same as "Go back to the future." Some people (ie almost every inspector here) must be depressed by the spirit of chaos here, but I have almost died of laughter, and this is one of those movies that you don't know what the nature of prostitution will continue. Since B-movie extraordinaire Larry Cohen did not make a direct comedy before this, a person gets the sense that he was doing at the time lost by involving any heter or he or her participants might think. If Mel Brooks has done so, critics would have been writing to the comic center, but because of the cohen, it was rejected as sand. An important review has called this film also "false." SILLY? Should the comedy be bad? However, I laughed more for this film than the other that I could think. Cohen says everyone - he himself includes, and a lot of references to his usual brand to make low tax taxes; he and administrators must have a full blast to do so. <br /> <br /> The humor is Mel Brooks-ish very much, and anyone who loves Jewish humor or see many B movies (especially fear) will like this. Believe me: movies are not so hard to get, and as long as you agree with what it is - the pregnancy player laughs without pretending to social value - then you will enjoy the truth! <br>> <br /> Directly: This movie should go down in history as the same thing Bob Saget who got a star in (though for a short time) which was really fun.
