I don't know why people except a lot from the low budget films but I enjoyed this if I was a fan of urban panic. There are not many local movies out there and so when I saw this on the shelf, only the name witnessed my curiosity. So I decided to explore and was surprised ... not often you go into an underground budget for the indie budget and great acting and good news. What is the low budget? yes. Would you say it is a low budget? Yes ... but once you start watching the movie you are covered in a story that doesn't matter. I love music hip hop also with sound sounds is good! I do not know what and this negative views of this film. All I heard is "the worst movie ever". What? These have seen ALL movie out there? There are thousands of movies out there, how can you divide one as "worse" ever? Video is not "movie" as "Zombiez" can be the worst movie I ever but I can't say that it's the worst movie since I haven't seen every movie out there. Below these people who gave these negative views of the film perhaps from the suburbs. Listen, if you like small groups, urban films, ghetto films, hip hop, etc. then WHAT DO YOU TAKE THE MOVIES? !!! know that you do not like this kind of stuff? Indeed, this is a horrible film but not just an awesome film but it is an awesome film of the URBAN thrown in culture. I do not like television shows like Creek's Dawson or O.C., WAKI SUCK to me. Film as "Garden Garden", "Crashers of Wedding" and "Hckabees of Heart" SUCK to me. I am a boy from New Jersey and these exhibitions and movies exploit me. Why? Because I can't share it. They have no interest in me. Common intent. I don't believe, I don't look at the HARD OF 2: THE CARD OF CARDS, THE TIME OF THE TIME 2: Here is the question of tightening it since the very first time I was very concerned with me. Now returning to this film, related to the saint405 views above, I don't know if this person was smoking a cigarette or was beaten "stupid" by his father before he watched the film but for me, everyone did a good job. The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a very good job. I am an actor who loves to take a playground at school and I had to play where I had to cry and it was not easy to have a sense in the area so I gave talents to practitioners who should make an emotional scene and can pull it off. Anyone, I loved this film and never have heard of these administrators and directors before bet you will be looking for its items at the moment and if they are reading this, PLEASE IN SEQUEL !!! I'm out. Jerzee Representin '!
