Welcome to Oakland, where the dead come from playing and even boys in the DA hood can not stop. This low-budget, direct and video production is shown to be regulated at the same time as the release of Dead Land, the latest phase of the famous zombie George A. Romero series. The voice of the ghetto and hip-hop sounds can provide additional appeals for local hounds. Ricky (Carl Washington) works at a medical research center while raising her baby, Jermaine (Brandon Daniels). But the boy, when he was fed by macaroni dinner and cheese in his house, would like to spend his time with friends on the street Marco and Kev. There seems to be nothing more to drop out of African and American high schools to do this side of the sea except drugs and deal with home, including the rivals of the Latino group. Ricky has a plan to sell the home of the deceased parents and move into the Castro Valley, the middle and sure surroundings possible. Unfortunately, before this happens, the bullet-bullet lets Jermaine die in the hall. Angry Ricky tries the last desperate approach. He tells Scotty, his lab assistant, stealing some form of regeneration for the cell they were trying on the mouse. When a double dose is unable to revive Jermaine, there is no option except to call 911. But the strange thing happens on the morgue way. The boy is raised again as a dive, beautiful zombie, stirring sick drivers and destroying night, wishing to take revenge and hunger for fresh meat. Frenzy's feeding affects the most victims, and before the night is on East Bay is a battlefield between the living and the destruction of blood. The type of fear has seen more than its part of the cheapest developers, from Ed Wood to Herschel Gordon Lewis to Charles Band. But a small budget is not a bad film. Consider the developers of Val Lewton (Cat People, the Leopard Man, Isle of the Dead), Roger Corman's Poe quickies, Romero's Night of the Dead and Halloween Carpenter's Halloween. The difference between memorable and worse there is more to do with talent and desire than money. The Death of the Living Dead is more fun than the one hundred million dollars of the most recent pricing. Cheapness has its charms. For cheap film actors they wear their own clothes with a real environment. Here the way houses have been building walls in non-consistent tons, reducing the evil as a dodlasque of Douglas Sirk's bourgeois' 50s. The lines seem to be much better than written. "So what is hell we do now?" "Keep your eyes open to anything F-F" that appears out of ordinary. " Ricky and Scotty called their master, who calls a former military man named Romero. "I have a big problem with a problem that we have to keep quickly." "It's not a problem," says Merc, scoring his phone and grabbing his guns. Everyone has a gun, and even when they fight zombies they have on their mobile phones, if who is not today? Information exchanges with natural destruction. "What has happened?" "We went into it with the other mad motherfockers." "Deja F N 'vu. It's a zombie zombie again ..." Ricky even screams her girl who has gone off, saying only, "She has left the hand." Unlike many zombie movies, this gives the idea of ​​genius. Jermaine is taking revenge on the attackers who attacked him, who in turn continue to rumble. This is the urban decision making of cities that reflect its social, close-to-near production that shows the future for a small budget deficit rather than a real clichés. Brother Quiroz, who has called their name as expecting a new move, can motivate others to tell stories from personal experience instead of following the fatigue of Hollywood products. Considering their small resources, Jose and Eduardo Quiroz have made a cheap but technological aspect of the people they know. Photographer Rocky Robinson gets a job, music by Eduardo Quiroz is not much easier than the theme of the Halloween treasure artist, and hip-hop songs and Family of Darkroom and others add atmosphere. The result is promising if it is not very interesting. They learn their tricks and, unlike Lewis and Wood, who have never been better, their second can be one of the look.
