There has been a "paint" picture near the beginning of the movie business. All around the black films are made by the Poverty Resource studio (more often than those that do not belong to the Indians) for ghetto movies. With the urbanization of the cities during the 1970s, this idea was raised by a wave of "portrait photographs" made for urban urban homes that have been blasting black-colored and funky environments on traditional B squares. -movie. This trend even spreads in aspects of fear, and names like Blacula, Blackenstein and Hill of Sugar serve versions of monster usage. And did not die with many urban movies? slowed down on the video age, and continued with low-to-back reference to DVD like this. Ed and Jose Quiroz's Hood of Dead Dead, takes the recent popularity of horrible movies to hip-hop audience. Ricky (Carl Washington) is a small scientist in Oakland trying to put his younger brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels) out of trouble after the death of their parents. After Jermaine was shot by drug traffickers in a car-by-by-time, Ricky decides to use the essence of an experimental cell she has been working in an attempt to save young lives. The thing is the effort, and Jermaine's body is taken. However, does the body never make morgue? Jermaine begins again in the coroner car as a hungry hungry zombie. He kills the drivers, then follows a group that killed him, spreading a zombie infection wherever he went. After hearing from friends of Jermaine Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and Marco (Raul Martinez) about the robbery attack, Ricky feels that the only thing to do is to capture Jermaine and try to hide anything before she and her assistant Scott (Chris Angelo). The arrest for the conscience they caused. However, they soon find that the disease is spreading rapidly to them. By keeping things simple, the Quiroz team will be able to produce a little entertainment feature without engaging themselves to where things start to look. Along the way, it also adds to a few interesting business points. At the first time to deal with a zombie, Scott tells Ricky, "Shine your head like in the movie!" ?? effective as any way to discover how to kill zombies. From the additional it is added when the first head shot does not kill the brain, and increase the appearance to open. Another good thing is that the voice sounds only make use of the small of Eminem's small rap, which is set in the "interesting" music around.
