The Hood of the Dead Lived had a lot to live even before it was opened. First, any play on the "... of the living dead" welcomes His Holiness Mr. Romero and immediately sets the highest level that most movies cannot afford. And secondly, my friend watching the film claimed that any horrible urban film would be compared to the village Leprechaun. Skeptical, we sit in the watch. <br /> <br /> We were awarded the award for a wonderful and beautiful zombie film. Oh, certainly the budget is low, and of course the supporters of beloved directors beat the cast, but the Dead's Lifetime Love loves zombie movies. Affordable? Yes. But this time is cheap, you can see clearly where LOVE crowded together. Ricky works in the laboratory during the day and as a parent of the family to her younger brother at night. He dreamed of moving out of Oakland. Before this planned escape, however, his brother is shot dead by car. The scientific motive of Ricky offers a better choice than CPR or 911: the needle of the experimental formula of its laboratory. Sadly, the little bro wakes up in ambulance as a zombie blood Oakland! Chaos and riots! I think it's more economical to eat your enemies than take revenge on the car-by, but again, I am a poor judge of urban life problems. (Bad judge? In dealing with the gory area that involves four men, I explained "Tw-ha!" T-shirt white for everyone so blood shows. Economics I did the same technique in my film under the awesome budget "Jordan he replied, "No, that's a genetic dress. The white T-shirts were delayed from the New Orleans bars at a time for results." Oh.) This is a great deal of hanging and waiting for zombies. But the characters are compassionate and the movie is real - it passes its budget to the soul. The zombie notes: When someone touches God, zombies happen! humanitarian experiment! <br /> <br /> Contribution to the canon of a zombie: This is the first movie of a zombie that I saw with a shot-shot. The head does not work - it is a deadly shots of heart u, lack of which reflects true death. And these zombies make good sounds of jaguar-growl. <br /> <br /> Beautiful zombie movie-joke: A mercenary named Romero. Groan. Favorite Favorite: Jaguar-noise little brother zombie, of course!
