Many bad reviews on this site of blame "Hood of Dead Dead" for one (or more) of the following reasons: 1) is a low-budget movie and almost no acting; 2) It was too bad to make me laugh 3) it was something I could do myself. I will not discuss even the first step because it is a very independent matter if you like low budget and independent or not. I must say, however, that I still fail to understand people who rent a movie as "Hood of the Dead" and then they are surprised when they discover that it is not as pleasant and interesting as a romantic partner with Lindsay Lohan or Matthew Mc Conaughey. On the other hand, I don't see why it's not the same as laughing. I personally like to laugh, and love movies that make me, are they a surprise or a horrible fricks. During "Hammerhead" I saw this girl coming into PUDDLE and a shark came out of her to eat, I just broke it. And I was glad that the director made a stupid area and gave me ten seconds of fun. In fact, laughing just makes me feel good, when it seems that many people write a review they feel like a bad thing. If you just want to feel sad and scared when you watch the film, "The Living Hood of Living" and the low budget flicks are definitely not for you. But please don't come and tell us that you find them laughing. We already know. This is probably why we have decided to watch the movie in the first place. However, it is the third step in which the leaves are completely beaten. A few years ago people were climbing out of the cinema to see "Blair's Publisher Project", which is the worst way of fun, stimulating, low and worst than "Hood of the Living Dead" (and it takes itself too seriously too). In addition, half a million people go to YouTube every day to watch short films of "Lonelygirl15", which is certainly everyone who has a beautiful girl, room and webcam can do! Not talking about all the video videos you can find there. Why are people not blaming those parts of the evil and non-existent? I think it's one of the best things of our time that everyone, with cheap technology and a group of friends, can make their movies and share them with people who have the same interests. And I feel some congratulations to people who spend their weekend with their friends doing a bad piece of rubbish (still comforting) like this instead of shopping on the mall or playing video games only. Leave your side with your desire to sound like a famous film attacker, and you will see that the "dead fear of the dead" can bring you closer as it did to its creators! If you have a taste of enjoyment and enjoyment of home-based movies, I recommend "Zombiez", "Edendale Spirits", "The Eye of the Killer", "Monster Man", "Do Not Look at the Lower House", "The worst Free Politics. "," Zombies of Redneck "," Jesus Christ Vampyre-Slayer "and" Character ".
