This visual appearance is a grass-and-step effort. It is far away from some of these types of photos and uses a fun way. It's about a woman looking for her lover; A psychiatrist who has suddenly disappeared for no apparent reason. His search leads him to a villa living with a group of intellectual people. In the true fashion of the giallo, the murder is not far off. <br /> <br /> Release is really good. We have Aldofo Celi (Thunderball), Alida Valli (Suspiria), Horst Frank (Cat o 'Nine tail) and very little girl Sybil Danning (80 king cried). The leading actor is Rosemary Dexter, and when I do not know him, he does a good job in leading pictures. One of the things that describe the Eye on Labyrinth is its music. Atypically for a giallo has jazz-rock fusion soundtrack features. This logo, written by Roberto Nicolosi, remembers Miles Davis, especially his work in Silent Way. It sounds good sound and actually gives this film a feel different than normal. The groove of the fusion enhances the atmosphere of the weather and congratulates the sun, the sun-front scenery that the film is over. <br /> <br /> This is a giallo so we really need to talk about pieces of murder. Well, this film takes a very short time in this regard. Certainly not without them but a few and in the middle. The revelation of the opening dream is the most likely to offer along with a series of burning fire remembered. But this is not really a powerful film. However, I do not think we should describe many fans of that season. The secret is to impose rights and has enough eccentric characters (Saro boy idiot and that is not recommended for improper accuracy?) And the wonderful time to finish; when the sleaze element is stopped and lost by dirt around. The eye in the Labyrinth is similar to the giallo secret version of Agatha Christie, for it puts a group of unresponsive characters in the villa, all under suspicion of murder; we have necessary symptoms indicating their relationship with the last hours of the victim of the murder (senseless). Although this is not a type of grade-type type, it is certainly very different, since it does not borrow too much from other types of films. For lovers of giallo I give this thumbs up and hope one day is given a good DVD transfer. Certainly deserves treatment.
