INSTRUCTIONS OF THE WORLD / TOGETHER / Home pieces: A wonderful journey is an important film from my life because it is the first film I remember to see in my home movie movies as a 4-year-old campaign. The foundation of Sheila Burnford's novel, and is the reason why it is impossible to write this as a brain clone Lassie. > <br:::::::::::: A few months. The buttons between the animals and the children they look at are powerful, and Shadow gold and Sassy cat's Himalayan cat is depressed as children are, though the Boy of the Young Bulldog and happy-known as Chance is less than worried and largely (because by part of his voice-on describing that he was left as a student, he took the habitat of animals, and purchased by the family), although his growth as a character during the story provides a lot of useful stories. The three pets escape the ranch and run on a wide and dangerous desert (a wonderful desert landscape by way), derived from Shadow Shadow instructions. They meet many dangers on the way, expecting to make it at home, when the family and the ranch are concerned about the disappearance of animals. There is a time to enjoy the whole way, good dialogue between the three animals and the hilarious lines (see - the obstacles they remember), and the interaction that is growing between the main characters during the negotiations, which were hit during sadness (such as when you boast of Sassy trying to cross The river without getting rain leads to falling into the river and clearing the waterfall, leaving time to lose which is seen in detail with the viewers. <br /> <br /> However, I fail to see what the slip to save the lost girl in the wilderness adds stories and trips they take, somehow, it seems not necessary as part of the story. <br /> <br /> The last plants put up when the shadow falls into the ditch on the trainyard and has distressed its leg, it finds it difficult to turn off and gives up, tired, followed by Chance climbing with him to persuade him to go out, tell him how important it was to him and how he drove them so far that he should not give us all of ease. The way in which this area (carefully done) has not yet ended the poetry that continues in the last area when Chance and Sassy return home, but Shadow is not in place to appear. Then if all seem to be lost, it seems slow, and is reunited with the family. At the end of the end it is finally talking about the fellowship that you have made between him and his friends on the journey, and to realize which house especially from his long journey to get there, leaves a good epilogue to show how his character has increased, but also how the other two have. Relax on the second, I think I will ask ... \ t But this is a film that the whole family can look at, and when the fingers love the talking animals, the larger audience will understand the line of the best plot (as I saw when I watched the film again after several years without seeing). This film is the center of the movie, and I suggest that if you don't see going and getting it! <br /> <br /> And please avoid the guide (see My Home Home Review!)
