These comments are tricky! <br /> <br /> There are few executives who do not know. The natural quality that is a union of charisma, panache and swagger. It is a quality that can separate good actors from actually. I think George Clooney has it and Jack Nicholson. You can watch Clooney's Cricket Clock with events like his one word to Andy Garcia in the 11th Sea when they speak another name for contempt. "Terry." "Danny." You can pick up any number of Jack's performances as back as five simple pieces in the diner for a few beautiful men and its area of ​​questioning room court. These just have. You can add Denzel Washington to a small and unique list of executives who remove this strong character in everything he does. As you look at some of the diatribes of the burst of the crash in the excitement of its amazing taxes to Malcolm X in Spike Lee's name of the same name, you can see that there is no good actress today. I have never been all this to convince you that Man On Fire is just perfect because of Denzel's work, but it is obviously shade of production. I had mesmerized with some of its events which are raw, emotional and hot at all times. Washington plays an old Creasy spy or a CIA agent or one of these government functions. He has very low rock rock as he has broken the heart and life he has caused. He has killed them and maybe he has done things that are better left without approval and this has made him a hard and bitter person. Friend and perhaps a counselor, played by Christopher Walken, lives in Mexico doing a very good life by providing protection services for the rich. It seems that the hijacking business in Mexico is so powerful that these former S.E.A.L.s have been able to do much better when delivering needed services. Creasey needs to work and accepts work and well to make a family that seems to be in financial trouble. Marc Anthony is similar to Samuel, Radha Mitchell is very confident as his wife Lisa and Dakota Fanning are very honest and very prestigious like Pita. I do not know how a child of his age can have such a kind to play the characters he does but his Pita's interpretation is not good for Oscar. The first half of the film depends on the relationship between Pita and Creasy and if there is a weak actor in the role, perhaps that the synergy of emotion was not reached so effectively. But Fanning is not a very strange thing in the role. It is a relationship between Pita and Creasy leading this film at the top of the movie. Together they are complete and there is a real bond developed between them. Tony Scott is leading the fastest and his eye photography has never been better. I'm interested in seeing how his next movie, Domino, turns. I think Scott is one of today under the tested directors and for more films like this, his name will certainly be stopped on the status of the icon. <br /> <br /> The story has Creasy really take for Pita, and indeed. There is a proper relationship between them and perhaps attributed to the fact that although Pita loves her father, she is not very close. He is a mediator and certainly has little time to spend with his family. Recently, Creasy takes Pita on his swimming competition. She reads her sleeping stories and calls her "Bear". It is not just a friendship between them, it is more than a relationship, and the deep love of parents seems to exist. <br /> <br /> Movies change gears when Pita is raped and held for compensation and Creasy is almost injured trying to protect her. This is where the story becomes thick and guilty and caused by deception as pieces of conspiracy identified as garlic. And this is where Denzel becomes a powerful tour. As I said earlier, I have seen Denzel giving the best exhibitions in the film as Crimson Tide and Training Day, but I've never seen him like this. He is a person with the possibility of Pita to be dead, he has a real person to fire. She faces him as he moves down and clears her kind of coming. Denzel's anger and weakness are ubiquitous and not easy to erase if he hunts down every person responsible for violation of Pita. This all right to vigilante as the Mexican authorities always seems to be one step back. It is also a great deal of attention to this film that there are a few films that give criminals their results. I have often been disappointed to watch a movie where bad people are leaving easily. They give all kinds of suffering to the entire film and then take a shot and die. But not in this film. Author Brian Helgeland finds that the penalty here is equally and painful. Criminals here feel the creasy fury and they get the persecution that it provides. There is nothing big about its right brand. He needs information and someone loses his finger. He wants the answers and a personal bomb is placed in places that have other meaning. There are no restricted drawings here and this is one of the real power of the film. The One on Fire is one of the best films in 2004. Now that is out of DVD, my opinion is for SEA SE. It is full of bonus features that include about 6 hours of documentation and different definitions. 10/10
