I remember seeing the review of this film and not thinking too much about it. It was one of those movies when you see a preview, surprising, and when it comes out, you hear something and lose it completely, and your memory is completely inappropriate for missing. Man On Fire was one of those movies. I had a desire to hire immediately, and I decided to take my home, my Blockbuster value of renting in my hands. I watched it, I witnessed a very good movie. It's like no other ... drama and action together to create something interesting. The movie cinema held by Tony Scott has been done well and unique, unlike other films. Publications can explain something without even realizing the sound, and music is very happy to set. I got into this film, and I had to buy it once I could move out of the house and go to Best Buy. I have watched it several times now. Denzel Washington (Creasy) is doing a wonderful job and being a strong lost mind who has no reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Pita) puts a life in it and his unfriendly love from the beginning. They are locked up and become good friends, until they are taken by the notorious bandit, La Hermandad. Creasy (Denzel) tells Dakota's mother Fanning that she will hunt the killers, fearing that Pita is dead. This is where Creasy shows someone who can be. He uses his contacts from the arrest of Pita and the Creasy Hospital to get one person and starts tracking. My most famous line, is in this film, when Christopher Walken tells the AFI agent that "Man is a work of art, in whatever he does .... cooking, whatever art of Creasy is death ... he is about to beat his masterpiece. "She plays a special roll of the old Creasy partner and friend. Later he followed the brother of "Voice," the leader of La Hermandad. Creasy organizes Pita's business meeting with the brothers of Voice. Finally, Creasy dies as a result of early shooting, and its wound is infected with a large blood loss. It is a sincere and sad ending, but it's great. I love this film and recommend it to anyone who looks for flick. The story is in detail, everything is explained from beginning to end, and nothing in any way or in any way.
