-Comments in Mexico's cities are as common as honeys give me their phone numbers so if you are rich then you will need a good carer to keep you and your children safe. Couples employ clean guards called Creasy to protect their loving child Pita. At first, their relationship is buggy tad but over time, Creasy decreases until the girl and the two develops the relationship of the father / daughter. One day Pita is kidnapped and Creasy is badly injured in the process. When he wakes up he knows that the girl has been killed because of the discussion of the compensation caused by this puts Creasy on the way to get people involved with his death and to ensure that it is brought to his right to justice. <Br /> <br /> -Tick Tylenol around you when you watch this film because you will need to take it after watching it. I love the story here to go so violently to take revenge because many movies just need to take revenge but they haven't gone too far when this movie shows how one can go to do what they feel is right. The only problem is an awesome style, which may hate movies or hate Tony Scott. I feel sorry for the cinema because I am sure that he came to this film thinking he would be going to have a movie film and probably was excited but instead he was arrested to be a DP for a film manufacturer who feels that the whole movie should look like it has had a demon. I can't have an opinion if crappy images were omitted in a few cases of action but when they spread out through the entire movie then that's when we have some problems. The same sad way had been recently used in "Domino" and as such this film was hurt by the movie otherwise. Another person I feel in this film was recently a great Harry Gregson Williams who had an impossible job of trying to compose music out of the pictures. Somehow, Williams wrote a decent music for the movie but I'm sure if the movie was more secure then music would be better. Sound is misused in all movies and instead of enhancing the experience of the film, instead it makes you feel like you are being punished. Using most of the subwoofer is as irritating as every 5 seconds or so you can hear the endless voice of God's impatience will come out. I don't know why Scott thought the audience needed a brainstorm and subwoofer but it takes you away from the movie. Working in the film is an animal despite the image. Little Fanning still does another great job here and the end of the movie breaks my heart. If the end of the movie doesn't make anyone cry, then they are dead inside. Denzel Washington breaks his rule to make any practical film with this movie and incidentally, for him he gets to play good character. The whole concept of a person who lost in life and suddenly from a disaster finds a purpose in his life is not new but Washington brings heart and emotions to abnormal behavior. I love the way we witness from being alone to learn to have feelings and after kidnapping as a cool tool to take revenge. Radha Mitchell has Marc Anthony's wife and she and Fanning are two reasons I can't love the movie very much. Mr. J.Lo comes and goes into the movie but he hasn't stood very much. Mickey Rourke and Chris Walken all have little roles in the film but they do the effect. For one thing it makes me laugh about how the filmmakers are trying to make the crappy way they show to Mexico by calling the city is a beautiful city at the end of the movie. Slightly too late for that if you ask me. Let us have hope that Tony Scott has been done in this phase of his careful work because he is a skilled filmmaker and he can do better than this.
