You know you're for something different when the movie has Christopher Walken playing a part of a skilled man - and he's not even one of the bad people! Although it would have been interesting for the observation here and there, "Man on Fire" is a criminal crime game that is made available in a voice from the very clear clarity of low violence - and almost every voice in the middle. <br /> <3 Denzel Washington star as Creasy, who was a CIA killer who recently quit business and wants a kind of redemption for the sins he did. So far, she has been looking for answers in bottles and the Bible and not doing all well for either. When the movie opens, Mexico City has been attacked by a series of slaughter for a strong and well-aimed goal, perhaps by a police force set up by keeping the law and order in the community. Creasy acknowledges the position as the guardian of the daughter of the rich business owner who certainly fears his security. The third part of the film is dedicated to the growing friendship between Creasy and its payment, Pita, a little girl who, slowly but surely, uses her way into the heart of the original Creasy heart. The last two-thirds of the film turns out to be the Melodirrama of the Avenging Angel, as Creasy is looking for efficiency and removes all caused by the tragedy that occurs early in the story. According to a novel by AJ Quinnell, "Man on Fire," written by Brian Helgeland and illegally directed by Tony Scott, is a photo of cooling efficiency that cannot stop the brutal violence of the issue that. It takes the risk of asking us to identify with someone who, for the purpose and purpose, to achieve his redemption by disrupting and killing people (believed to be unacceptable). These incidents of murder and all abuse are intense and uncomfortable, even if they often make limits on operating. Even better is a quiet time, close between Creasy and Pita in the early part of the movie. Washington and the wonder of Dakota Fanning establishes natural information, very simple that supports setting the stage for chaos and shock to follow. Washington carries the movie with its fairly stoic quality, and makes us understand its behavior on the emotional level even if what we do is mentally. In addition to two guides, there is a strong exhibition from Walken, Marc Anthony, Radha Mitchell, Mickey Rourke, Rachel Ticotin and Giancarlo Giannini. But it's Washington and Ms. Happy Fanning who steals the show. The "Man on Fire" would have been better and almost half an hour taken during his driving time, but this is still better - than the average crime thriller.
