Although it was given among the revenge of the Revenge of the Revenge (KILL BILL VOL 2, PUNISHER; WALKING TALL), MAN on MOTO works and also thanks for the great part of Denzel Washington, who is the best actors around today. At the Fireplace, according to AJ College of Quinnell 1980 (first published in 1987, with Scott Glenn), Washington has an old unfortunate player who has now been drinking from Jack Daniels's flash , even his former partner (Christopher Walken) will give him a chance in redemption. He is employed as a 10-year-old daughter of the Mexican businessman (Dakota Fanning) of the Mexican businessman (Marc Antony) and his US-born wife (Radha Mitchell). When he and Fanning are working as oil and water first (not mixing too well), he gets a true relationship with him, encouraging him to do well in swimming, while at the same time trying to deal with the old demons. That is the guarantee that will manage Washington to go back to his former work line when Fanning has been raped and held for $ 10 million, and almost killed. And next to another warrior of the stock (Schwarzenneger; Segal, etc.), the future blood will be schlock of time we have seen a million times before. But Washington's behavior, though he kills because, is not happy to do what he does. However, he gets help from a Mexican journalist who is very brave (Rachel Ticotin) to open "La Hermanidad" (The Brotherhood), a group of kidnap for Fanning. EXTREMELY FIRE is a huge mistake because of the old work of the hyper, close to the editing of headaches, and various films that are for its director Tony Scott (TOP) GUN; CRIMSON TIDE), but which is not necessary to him (witness Oliver Use montage stones in JFK or Sam Peckinpah in his first 60 and 70s films). Still, Scott gets a very good performance from Washington, with Fanning, who comes far more than an ordinary movie-brat child. The guitar of Harry Gregson-Williams's south-of-border is enhanced by the splashes of the sound of Chopin, Debussy, and even Linda Ronstadt's classic 1977 country-rock version of "Blue Bayou." Although the majority of films are quite violent, they are not worse than most of the ten-year films, and are generally better than most.
