Maslin Beach is a real beach / south of Adelaide, on the Fleurieu Peninsula, South Australia. It is also an Australian film name that used the beach as a location. <br /> <br /> Maslin Beach is called a romantic comedy. This may be a little misleading, for it is not a 'hilarious' film, nor is it really romantic in the traditional sense, but it has a strong heart. Much like life itself, there is also a time of sadness as well. It is also shot at the nudist beach mentioned above, and magic runs every film's length. The viewer learns to accept this common thing, and focus on a plot, not a large amount of body. Simon and Marcie (Michael Allen and Eliza Lovell) arrive by car on the beach car. They take their goods on the beach, and while walking, the voice from Simon speaks of his confusion about real love. Others of the film are investigating this, written by a full day on the beach. The basic story is what happens to Simon's love life, but there are also many other characters shown in several different vignettes. When they got to the shore, Simon and Marcie seemed to burst. Marcie sees them as a couple of "Romao and Juliet". Simon is just bored with all. Then, we are brought to Gail (Bonnie-Jaye Lawrence), Paula (Zara Collins) and Jenny (Jennifer Ross). They are walking along the coast and discussing Gail's chances of finding a 'perfect' person, assisted by the 'power' of the necklace that brought good luck to her mistress. However, there are many more interesting people on the beach, not all 'interesting' and young (part of the origin of this film). To serve the coastal staff there is a kind, short-term professional sales of ice-cream and van. This is Ben (Gary Waddell), Simon's friend, and is also an informal consultant. I would think that this character is a feature of the main comic. It is hard to say that nothing about Ben that makes you laugh, unless you were covered, the husband and the youngest! Maslin Beach has a great feature of liberation though, and that is not very long in any case. If the quality of acting is uneven, the script is a suspect and everything about the Maslin Beach is cheaper, the lack of continuity is positive. In fact, there is something about this film (not dirt) that I find interesting. It is difficult to define what it is, but it can be something to do with its transparency, and the 'Aussie' view of the physical things. <br /> <br /> The camera works in Maslin Beach deserves to be mentioned. Sometimes it's very good, with some amazing shots and 'pans' of the beach, falls and sun. If magic is the main thing in this film, framing is an important feature of camera work. There is no sense of independence in making, meaning that making is done so that the camera can touch the parts of the body. This helps reduce any sense of discomfort of the viewer into the 'private position' of the subject, and makes the film more fun. It is not an easy task, due to the location of the image. It is a 'leather skin' for post-pubescent, men testosterone men accused, nor 'mills and boon' romance for unknown women. Maslin Beach does not seem to fit anywhere in the form. Vendors don't have 'interesting' for Baywatch, and it's just 'ordinary people' that you will see on the beach anywhere. It has no message to set and will not even make a tourist announcement, except for Naturists. In addition to Australia's emphasis, movies can be in any sunny country. What makes this film transparent Australia is the fact that it is useless (fair film)? At the same time, these medium films have an opportunity to experiment with identity attempts, and 'flop' will not damage their reputation. It is always possible, since Maslin Beach is now something of a collector, that the film can be popular in the world, but it is impossible. <br /> <br /> During this investigation, I've had a bad voice, sometimes, about Maslin Beach. This is not a real place, as I have seen the film is very easy to watch. I enjoyed being close to reality and real people (and problems). The problems caused by the film are everyday, and less on the concert. This has no effect on my view, and I would like to have many movies being dealt with every day like this. There is a connection here with European movies, and for French film exactly. They do not have to deal with major disasters or disasters, but for every day. Hollywood is the opposite of this, and climbs the mirror of action / real game / game of angst. The action also, is much faster in Hollywood, but not the truth. Maslin Beach is not particularly 'Jacques Tati' either, but it is on the right path, even if it refuses different cultural issues, equality, gender orientation and so on, which is very important in current movies. I am sure that you will like or dislike this film, and a small room of central medium. <br /> <br />
