"Muppets Take Manhattan" is different in many ways for every Muppet Movie to be done so far. For one, it is still the only film of Muppet which does not belong to Disney. By 2008, the film is still the 20th century Fox (CBS Fox during release) although Disney owns the rights of Muppets. Also, this film has a line of stories that are not very line, and incredible events. <br /> <br /> Of course, it is very difficult to beat the original "Muppet Movie" since 1979, especially since the movie had more memorable songs than "Manhattan". However, one way that "Muppets Take Manhattan" is much better than the "Movie Muppet" perhaps is amazing surprises. In the first movie, Muppets all should do it to Hollywood, goes to the agent's office, and is given a "Rich & Famous" contract immediately. In this film, Muppets learns that they should work for their success, and it is very difficult to do so, especially in the entertainment industry, than they had previously thought. That is an important and often ignored message, if it is one of the intention to stop unbelief that Muppets, being small and of clothes, do not have to live in a great position or even eat it respectively. Above all, their efforts to do so after graduating college build up a very good story. Another note: The popular Vakuos in the movies were cool, and they were surprised to fail to remove the observation from Muppets. This capacity is certainly Henson, and how to attract the characters of Muppet even for adults. <br /> <br /> Where "Manhattan" faces a flat, and that's where I'm sure people won't agree with me, includes some important songs, especially the end. I thought the wedding song "He will make me happy" was a great surprise for such a happy event as a wedding. It seemed more like a song that is played at funerals. Every time I watch this film, hearing the song makes me a rare problem, especially when the film begins on the number as "Together again" and ends up happy with it. "Say Goodbye" was a sad number too, but it is best for the film because Muppets were announcing and they did not know they would meet again. The last song was gone, and maybe even added to the misery of the small viewers of their favorite Muppets to leave the big screen. <br /> <br /> "Muppets Take Manhattan" is a total of good films, and one that goes to the beat of different drums than other Muppet films, including new ones after Jim Henson's death and Richard Hunt. Fortunately, the film goes in the same direction as well. I just liked the film ended with the best song that was not very angry. Plus, Disney should have his hands on the copyright of this film and give the DVD release. Maybe it will be one day. We will see.
