This was the third movie of Muppet and Jim Henson's last was about to participate in the pre-death declaration of his early 1990s. The first three films were involved with famous characters were both and opened in the movie before birth. I previously saw the first and second phase in the original trilogy, "Muppet Movie" and "Muppet Caper General", close to between the nineties, as a child, but did not see this third, "Muppets Take Manhattan", until April 2007. Recently I had seen her two predecessors and 1996 "The island of Muppet Treasure" for the first time for many years. Muppet's course did not ignore me the first time I saw it, and my second look almost three years later he could not bother me, but if not, he certainly did not go too far down. <Br /> <br /> The music of the Muppets Music, "Manhattan Melodies", is a great hit in college campus. They graduate from university, so soon they will leave, but they decide that all will live together and go to Manhattan to try and get their show on Broadway. After arriving, it begins to search for the producer, but after refusing many times, they finally decide to share and go to work. Many of them leave the city, but Kermit sits, and still has decided to find the right producer and reunite the Muppet group. She works at a New York restaurant owned by a man named Pete. Frog quickly became friends of Pete's daughter, Jenny, a fashion designer who now works in her father's restaurant as a waitress. As Kermit continues his efforts to achieve the skill, now with Jenny's help, he does not know that Miss Piggy is sitting secretly in New York and now investigated. He begins to see Kermit and Jenny together, and to him it looks like approaching, which leads to envy! When I saw this film for the second time, it seemed to be disappointing for the first time. It seemed a bit rushed, without being closed, and maybe even forget about the beginning. There are funny arguments during this part of the film, such as the animal dismissing the woman through the audience at a college campus, but in a short time, the film was seen as bland compared to its two predecessors. Fortunately, not long before that change. The film is a great entertainment, and "Saying Good", an interesting song that Muppets sing when they are split, and much that happens next. Two pieces of the PENDA funniest become Miss Piggy disorder after seeing Kermit and Jenny hugging, but there were times when I laughed, like the poor Fozzie trying to produce and bear another. Muppets still have the charm and their antics, which are also clearly helps to carry the movie to a large part, such as a conspiracy, simple but exciting for all ages. There are some moments, such as a couple of Muppet children, and the performance of Juliana Donald as Jenny is missing, but no these problems are very important, and it's far from enough to destroy the entire experience. I would like to say "Muppet Movie", a movie that started franchise in 1979, is the best of the original trilogy, and it seems to be the most popular view. This third film is probably more than three, but it's all good. Unlike the "Muppets From Space", one-third of the film shows in the franchise released after the tragedy of Henson, at least "Muppets Take Manhattan" is still Muppets! I can't go into details about what I think of the Muppets film of 1999, released twenty years after their first, since I explained in my opinion of what I've got so desperate, and even though it doesn't have some appeal, I am not only clear. However, every favorite movie of the beloved Muppets that was made during Henson's life is a good entertainment for the whole family, even if the second and third phase each showed a slight decrease in quality afterwards.
