**** SPOILERS **** Film "Sniper" undoubtedly takes into account the works of the famous Marine American Marlos "Gunny" Hathcock. Mr. Rogers who speaks softly looks like the one who ran the 300 points and confirmed the Vietcong forces and the North American killings during his two tours in "Nam." It shows how military killings affected by death and success really are. Tom Berenger is a good and deadly clam like Sgt.Thomas Beckett who is at the end of his career as a top US marine striker but later in the movie knows that life as a citizen would be meaningless. Since there is nothing to do with her knowledge of the American Marine unless she decides to be a group of people. Backett agrees with his fate as a professional life killer for his country. The story of the film "Sniper" focuses on Sgt.Beckett with the help of an old monetary monetary and US government agent Richard Miller, Billy Zane, sent to the Panamanian Desert. Two players are taking rebel rebels Miguel Alveraze, Frederick Miraglittoa, and the Colombian king of drugs Raul Ochoa, Carlos Alveraze, who help him in organizing military plans for the country. <br /> <br /> We see early in Sgt's film. Beckett's scope and taking a rebel leader that I feel is the best place in the "Sniper". For it shows step by step how Sgt. Beckett with the help of its spotter cpt. Papich, Aden Young, does his job. There is also a small plot which was later removed from the film about the rebels depilva rebels; You would have thought that a cat and dead mice were being played out between two that would complete when the movie ended but Sgt. Beckett had no problem at all by sending DeSilva at the beginning of the film using Miller's non-watching bait. <br /> <br /> What was the most devastating movie was the last fifteen or a minute when the story came from one shot one to kill a sniper movie to live Rambo-like with Sgt. Beckett and Agent Miller are fighting with an all-out rebel squad with bullets as thick as London fog. Sniper "still needs to look at the fact that it tells a story about a person who has not yet been fascinated in war movies: The only killer who kills with the accuracy of the master's masterpiece or a perfect neurosurgeon mentor does with the general secret.
