This movie is not a movie of kung fu. This is a comedy about kung fu. And if, before making this film, Sammo Hung did not have time to watch the film by a famous French filmmaker Jaques Tati (i.a., for example, fête day), in fact he has a wave tide. Personally, I think Tati films are hilarious; but not all the taste. Some have said that they hate his work. I have never thought why, but I think it is because the behavior that Tati comes naturally is a completely dead pot, so it is not available with the surrounding events (which often cause) that many are losing tricks of subtle craft around him. At any rate, the main shtick of Tati - or at least the most famous - is to take a small discount of small securities and securities of the 19th century and throw him to the 20th century France where he has to deal with a society that is largely it is defined by the abolition of these feelings. He usually has serious problems with small things like record players or radio. He is dangerous in the car, but the world is unsafe while riding a bike. But by all means, he never loses his aplomb, which is attributed to his inner recognition that the nineteenth century was more interesting than the total of 20. <br /> <br /> In the same way, Sammo hung himself who plays is a country boy coming to the largest city of Hong Kong, quite convinced that what makes the city interesting is that Bruce Lee made kung fu movies there. This makes him trouble in a small way, since he takes the opportunity to occur that will never be addressed in a small town but which appears to be unacceptable in a big city - such as when he appears to be hitting the street, A cop stations he, just discover that Hung is really just squeezing water out of his shirt, soaked in an immersion dip in the bay. What interesting about this gag is why it is hung misunderstood fuss soldiers are all about - in the city of the country, if nobody look, if you gotta get gotta go. In other words, hung is not really good on the road - but surely he could - and what is the trouble officer? Of course, the Hung and Bruce Lee quarrels are also a major problem. He hits a bunch of strikers who have refused to pay his uncle a restaurant. Of course, in Bruce Lee movie, bandits will be taken trounced, and they would learn their lesson. But in Hung's Hong Kong, the truth unfortunately prevails, and strokes return when he is not close, looking for his uncle. <br /> <br /> Of course, hung finally win the end, as Tati always did. People like this should always win (at least in comedy) because they are completely guilty, and as such, despite their comic seasons and misunderstandings, they actually represent what is best in humans we admire and want to be. We don't really want to be Bruce Lee (who has experienced the loss of all of his friends before he gets a chance to beat the bad-guy), we, in our innocence, really want the world where the heroics of Lee's people possible. Unfortunately, the world that exists only on the film. <br /> <br /> "Ah, but what if ...?" - and in that question we find Sammo hung in its best comic.
