Sometimes realism can work against the effectiveness of the film. That's not a problem here. Sets are cheesy, inside and outside. Fog is a ubiquitous, half hid shabbiness of production. If there is a bar, the color name on the front window only says, "Wine and Spirits." The result is a claustrophobic seconds. Not shoot one city or even a fake skyline. That's the kind of Dublin this story is over, such as Jack's movie Ripper is on the seeds, foggy, cobblestoned Whitechapel. Who will want any other way? How can it be any other way with unqualified stars, a minute budget, and a weekly shooting schedule? Acting follows - the opposite of anger on everyone. Sometimes, my God, it's very good. Mrs McPhillips laughs after Frankie is shot out of the house. Victor McLaglin however provides a proper procedure for more performance. The wardrobe has put him in a very small jacket so you can be seen as a monster of Frankenstein. All his errors seem to go a little more than what was required. When he hits his head on his head, he ties on the temple. A big, mixed child, blubbering, is always drunk. He gives his best friend the money that will take him and his American girl, not a good person in a normal sense. However, we use to spend 20 pounds, more and more during the wild night and alcoholism, because every expensive and expensive sign takes away from his dream. I can't say, but I can understand why he won Oscar. As a Max Steiner logo, wow. Every movement, ready to intervene, is not only described by Mickey Mouse music but is emphasized in yellow yellow. It should not have happened - the rooms of heaven, interesting youth attractions, a minstrel boy, a tune of gurgling while McLaglen drink from a bottle. It would be better without any logo. <br /> <br /> Well, how in general? It is set - for any measure, but not the product of its time. That's why I like it. Yes, the sign is normal when. McLaglen, a real dummy, blowing his head against a hanging sign. Fog. Blind person. But what is interesting to me is how little of this was being tested at that time. What strikes us as the most arty today was in 1936 something quite different from what was seen in most of the programs when they were out at that time. If it falls frequently, it doesn't matter. The movie was an act of courage, political and ethical as well as poetically. (Legion of honesty judged it because of the location of the booth.) The director's objective should be increasingly aware, or is the script why? Considering now, however, in 2006, the story is more confused than ever before. John Ford felt sympathy with the Irish rebels. They kill, but just out of what they see as necessary. ("He knows so much to live") Is not I myself thinking but all of us, Ireland himself. "The Muslims feel and sympathetic. I wonder if Jihadists in the Middle East do not use the same logic to justify their acts of violence.
