In the mid-1930s Hollywood was getting its courage after the transition of talkie problems. Although all the technical problems of the voice had been solved very quickly, it took a long time to solve the questions about how the pictures are to be seen, how they should be created and how they should be used. Knowledge is an important picture because it shows the extent to which non-verbally can convey the story, enhancing dynamic images without ignoring voice and discussion needs. This is not to say that the Master is actually giving us the golden days of silents. For one thing, many silent images were not found in their details, and were overthrown by head cards. But what the Knowledgeist has is the confidence to extend the time between talk, focus on more impact than speech, and allow shots to play out to the sky. Director John Ford, with all his potential, was a film manufacturer who seemed to have worked hard as he desired in the story. If he thought the story was false, he made it half-arsed. Luckily, with his community exhibition, respect, class life and the most important work of Ireland, it was everything that was popular, and the result was one of his most beautiful works. In it, Ford only employs many kinds of bullets. The first is the areas? Dublin roads are full of mist and dark so deep can not be seen; within the dingy where the walls and ceiling appear to be the bonds in us. The second is the face, playing around with nature, usually without discussion, involving us on the internal conflicts of these people. <br /> <br /> The leader of Victor McLaglen fits perfectly into this character and this way of imitating him. McLaglen's performance was not seen as much, for it is the same as the 90 act of drinking. But the other 10% are drawing with the heart, as here and there Gypo Nolan has an alcoholic beverage known as a transparent time. For these exhibitions are Oscars won. McLaglen is managed by a spot-on used cast, among them no weak links. Specifically it is good to have Donald Meek and Una O'Connor, usually seen only in the most enjoyable roles for comic, playing direct links at once (although the appearance of Meek there is one or two jokes, sound area and a lot of his manner is bad). Not only do these two very detailed performances, their skills for many viewers as comedy players offer a added note of gentleness to their part in this disaster. <br /> <br /> RKO, who produced the Informer, perhaps were many brave and willing to take the risk of all major studios. Thanks to this, we can see the bad story and fight the hero of contempt in its midst, which would be easier to be hard, and more earnest, rather than filled with the weather and the depth of character that puts us to look and attracts us into his world.
