Like many people here, I started to get my patience tested by this film. At the end, I actually became a few tears. It seems to be in the form of many old paintings for the length of 7/8 and then catch fire at the end. Former filmmakers have learned to spend their time patiently through small portions, quiet in the knowledge that big money is on the way. But that's not exactly right. You see, for the original audience, what we "small parts" were the main body of the story. They looked and found ethnic and ethical interests there. Modern listeners, after Spielberg, are waiting for the waiting time to be hit by a little peak after two minutes when they see old films. It is a problem of inflation of modern movies. Well, that won't happen. It is not necessary to apologize for these films; it's just that you should adjust your expectations and personal rhythm when you look at them. At this point, the difference between Avatar and Skilled is as the difference between Euripides and the production of travel tax. Think about a minute or two. It is not an obvious problem, but Euripides still deserves to hear. "An exciting part", for many modern viewers, begins with the IRA court area and extends up to the last two minutes, which, if you are always on board or even careful at that time, will break your heart. It is not a high voice of a high voice of forgiveness for forgiveness; is an application from one, and those who feel for a great lummox, for a little pity. That's personal, and that's embarrassing jewelry appeals. Because after being mad in Gypo, being angry with him, thinking this is a very bad habit all the time, you finally find yourself a winner of the Gypo girl of the time asking for another woman to talk to her person to go with her easy. <br /> <br /> Movies can be emotional, but feeling is not as easy as others here. There is a question of life and death that happens here, and for a long time when you get a proposal for a single life for a client, it is a sentimentality of very strong things. 8 out of 10. And the fault of not 10 out of 10 is my own and somewhat yours, if you read this. We have asked for more, even more, faster, faster until we can set ourselves in 1935 - just yesterday, in fact - as easily as we should be able.
