**** SPOILERS **** The Powerhouse movie which shows how men in desperate circumstances can go up to present sacrifices to friends and their family and not realize what monsters that are to do so. As in the case of Gypo Noland cow, Victor Mclaglen, is too late. It is 1922 and the supremacy of the Black and Tan Rebellion of the Ukrainian Empire against the powerful British Empire and Tans, British employees involved, looking at the rebels of the Republic of Ireland, Frankie McPhillip, Wallace Ford, wanted to be killed for the Briish soldiers. The best Gypo, the best friend, McPhillip's friend who has fled has lost his fortune without having to work with his girlfriend Katie, Margot Grahame, was forced to turn technique in the red district of Dublin to pay her rent. After the angry Gypo worked on John who needed to spend some time with Katie, for shillings or two, an angry Katie told Gyro not very sharp that she stopped him from joining the only real estate he had, his body. Katie also tells Gypo that he should wake up to the truth and realize the bad condition he is. Describing the mind-numbed Gypo that would only cost ten sterling for him to go to the United States, and out of Ireland's poverty, Gypo remembers a sudden poster of his good friend Frankie McPhillip that he just saw to announce a prize of 20 shillings of sterling. It gives enough money for him and Kaite to go to America. Gypo going to Dublin's local area flop and kitchen soup to get free food leads to a run by his friend Frankie McPhillip. Frankie tells her that she is coming into Dublin to see her mother all Mrs. McPhillip and sister Mary, Una O'Connor & Heather Angel, and if she can make sure that everything is safe to go home and later leave for her Republic of Ireland unit outside the city. All gypo can see in Frankie's face is a shilling 20 shillings for him to turn into a police! Without a second thought, after assuring Frankie that everything is all right, Gypo secretly goes to the police and informs his friend who was later shot and killed in a police and shot of Tan in his mother's house. It is done by the act that the police chief puts on a sterling of 20 shillings, such as thirty pieces of silver, for Gypo who is not feeling who takes and runs out of the back door of the police station so that one person can see him . You can see in the face of the police chief and the actions that they have nothing but insulting the Gypo betrayal of his friend Frankie McPhillip. Although he had wanted to kill the enemy of the British Empire. That is how low-down vendors or members are held even for those who work in secret. Gypo seems to be his worst enemy after being betrayed by Frankie as his conscience takes control of his thinking. Gypo sees and hears everyone, including his girlfriend Katie, describing his finger and holding him in Frankie's betrayal and death in the hands of British authorities. Gypo's guilty approach has gained a lot of royally and drastically drunk, for the money of payment, that in time he had to admit his crime to his colleague of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic, who was close to the Gypo drunk who had been drinking and spraying, money it was just about going to her drinking and adultery. Any good feeling, if possible, that you had a weak and powerful fypo Gypo was completely destroyed during a general desperate act, in order to avoid being shot, he lied to the innocent person Mulligan , Donald Meek, in his crime to inform his friend Frankie McPhillip. Which is known as quickly as general manufacture and not another Gypo himself guilty. The dive is thrown out as a trap for who will be the head of Gypo's head for the final shape of this heartbeat of the heart and accountability of Crime and Headship.
