However, early television shows a useful resource for a film that I otherwise will not be able to track. At four o'clock in the morning, I went down to bed to start recording 'The Informer (1935),' my fourth film from US American director John Ford, and one of the best ones. Setting up during the Irish Civil War in 1922, the screenplay was run by Dudley Nichols from the name of the name by Liam O'Flaherty. Although he was born in the United States, and is well-known for his "Americana" pictures, all Ford's parents were Russians, which explains the decision of the director of the film. Victor McLaglen plays Gypo Nolan, a cruel but very friendly host who informs an old friend, Frankie McPhillip (Wallace Ford), to claim £ 20 for her lover, Katie (Margot Grahame). When Frankie was killed during his attempted arrest, the Republic of Ireland, both Frankie and Gypo were members, begins to investigate the businessman after the incident, every clue that makes them closer and closer to real crime. At the same time, Gypo has been troubled by the death of friends of his death, and comes out of the heavy drinking alcohol that opponents Don Birnam in 'The Weekend Lost (1945)' in his shortage. Since Gypo swallows his grief in large quantities of alcohol, he has entered a small circle of depression, his impressive use takes the attention of members of the IRA investigation. At once in his life, Gypo finds himself surrounded by lovers (including amusing J.M. Kerrigan), who eagerly claps back and shows him "King Gypo" for his physical abilities. However, it is obvious that these people do not know the person, and it is easy to show them to spend money. The £ 20 bonus brought by Frankie's death can not buy Gypo meeting friends? in fact, with the reduction of pain, the money was only possible by betrayal and losing one of its good partners. The simple community, Gypo could not fully investigate the consequences of his actions, and was finally granted amnesty for "not knowing what he had done," but his folly should not be punished. Criticism is constantly standing on Ford film with its help to claim propagandistic of the "terrorist organization". Although this situation depends on individual opinion {I certainly do not know enough Irish history to pass judgment}, there is no doubt that the film shows the Army of the Republic of Ireland as an independent, dedicated and impartial, an arrogant piece of Irish hostility as I have ever seen . However, the main theme of the story is apostasy; driven by extreme poverty, one of the most common people gives the courage of his good friend, and he comes with regret for his actions. The injured Gypo is played for mercy, and Victor McLaglen gives a powerful performance that provides a lifetime life, and achieves a bright decision that you judge for the amazing death. 'A well-known' was the first Oscar winner of John Ford, winning a total of four awards (from six nominations), including McLaglen's Best Player (who took a statue from three 'Mutiny's Bounty (1935)' }, The best Director and Best Screenplay for Dudley Nichols {who refused the award due to Unity Union}.
