John Ford is one of the most popular and most popular American filmmakers in the history of the film, whose name is often associated with western films. However, John Ford's best film is not the west at all but the celebration of the seeds laid out in the Irish war for independence in the early 1920s: 1935 the Master. It is difficult for many in Ireland and Gypo Nolan is given on the poverty and despair network - and the walls are closed. Gypo is great but not a sharp nose on the tree, it has a warm heart but a short fuse, and it does not seem to really think all things in a way but he is not a criminal or selfish. Where to go hungry hungry, Gypo Nolan finds a great woman in her life, Katie Madden, on the street surrendering herself because of her bad condition and began to dream of taking her to the United States if she only had 20 pounds to pay. As fortunately it would have been, his friend Frankie is back in town and the price of Pound 20 on his head and Gypo is enough to inform the local police where Frankie is. Gypo, with a new 20 pounds of blood, finds this night of foggy especially foggier as guilt increases on it and IRA offers all their resources to access Frankie's information. Victor McLaglen shows Gypo fallen Nolan and definitely deserved the Best Oscar Executive was awarded this film. Its stupid, stupid, and tender offers a tendency to character with McLaglen's second only to Dudley Moore's character Arthur Bach's film from 1981 Arthur's film as an entertainment video. Margot Grahame's performance as Katie Madden is also good but she and McLaglen are the only members of those who are very attractive. Preston Foster is a particularly miscast as the head of the IRA, because because he is obviously not Ireland, and JM Kerrigan has limits to persuade them in his role in the film but this exciting throwing aid is just the worst stage of the film. It is often closed to western west of Ford as readers or Shots of Valance Freedom, The Informer is one of John Ford's best films - if not very good. Starting a long-term career of Oscar's success with John Ford, The Informer won four Oscars including one for the best director in 1936. Ford and the use of shadows and the company in the light is mainly involved and useful to tell the story. Gypo's walking through the road is reported by the bad state of the city and the good lighting of traffic lights, every shadow reminds you of everything that is dark. The Ford command of this technique was amazing to look at; if skillful was made 10 years later (so do the kind requirements) it might probably be considered to be one of the best films of all time but that does not prevent that being recorded as the best classic film.
