Perhaps it was because I looked at the history of Irish trouble in the 1920s and then the Free State War of the Free State after signing the contract before watching this film. However, the sudden return to the end brings tears to her. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaglen is not very popular today if he was back then, and should be remembered well. In this film, I think he struggles himself if he would be without his mental and mental talent. For example, events where a friend in a crowd is difficult to fight with him may be a reminder of what McLaglen did in previous years, when he was a striker of the world striker. John Ford is a part of it; The IMDb part of the trip shows how he deceived McLaglen in getting the worst hangover to the experimental area. This director can also bring much to its administrators, even without such methods. However, McLaglen is very powerful, especially when his behavior is quite close (which is difficult for the actor to make sure), and also plays Gypo Nolan with a deep and emotional force that is amazing for someone who has just seen McLaglen later in His work, in "Good Man." I especially like the distinction between this role as a person of the IRA and the more clearly defined performance as a person of IRA Denis Hogan in the "House of Hangman." <br /> <br /> In "Personality," of course, McLaglen is a squire of the country that is not recommended by the local IRA. Victor McLaglen was a great and abusive, in the old sense of the word, but he was a good actor, too, with many kinds of abilities and good performance standards that we cannot expect for someone like today. It is a very sad opinion on our set of expectations and hatred. <br /> <br /> Ford, as usual, takes a lot in a little film. All actors are better (although the US Command's is a disruption) - NOTE: There are destroyers in front! - Knowing that Gypo immediately got short leaves and was ordered to kill a man but then allowed him to speak his way instead, we plead with someone who pulls the short leaves to implement Gypo, and the humanity that shows, especially when they are going to take Gypo into Mary's room. John Ford demonstrates his confidence here, taking what can be the worst and still expected results in the whole story and instead using it to create an unprecedented and yet very effective end that makes us think not just Gypo and characters others, but Irish poor at the time of suffering.
