I have no doubt that Victor McLaglen won his best Oscar player for this film through a three-way division among Mutiny in the guide of Clark Gable's courtesy, Charles Laughton, and Franchot Tone who were all in the same race. But the artist is still a good film because John Ford didn't want to get his first Oscar Director if it wasn't. There are no divisions involved in his award. <br /> <br /> Movie and the story of Liam O'Flaherty which depends on the poorest of the poor man named Gypo Nolan who was once a member of the Republic of Ireland. He had been taken out for the ethnic clash of the ethnicity that he motivated and wanted to return. She comes down to her last pence and if she can't come back, she wants enough to go to America. There are twenty dollars payments for information leading to arrest by former colleague named Frankie McPhillip played by Wallace Ford. In the time of weakness she goes to the Black and Tan network and informs her about McPhillip. IRA is very worried to know who beat McPhillip out and they are certainly McLaglen. He has no magician to cover his own songs. He is making an effort to persuade another person named Peter Mulligan who played with Donald Meek. It also takes a hanger-on to play with J.M. Kerrigan. All activities of The Informer take place in 1922 in Dublin from six o'clock until the next morning. The importance is to shoot in the dark and shadows, and make it the first possible awesome Black. If it was done after World War II, the skillful person would be like a good man, like Odd Man Out or a Third Person that is very similar. John Ford knew this world very well. He took time during the rebellion and was in Ireland at the time and had a brother who was in the IRA. His real name before announcing it is Sean O'Fiernan. Preston Foster has an IRA manager Gallagher. In Gallagher's book is a harder and more powerful person than Foster with him here. I think it is that John Ford wanted him to be a compassionate attitude to give fans of some film rioting interest. He makes it clear that Foster should remove information because Black and Tans will catch him and get a little more from him and put the whole organization at risk. <br /> <br /> The IRA trial scene is a film show. When Foster asks Donald Meek if he knows their court authority, Meek cannot afford to say no. The King's law and text were not operated here. It shows clearly at that time despite the work with the army and the war, the British is actually losing their creativity on the population. Certainly a very bad story has John Ford his touch, but rather a few than you would expect. As McLaglen uses his money to drink alcohol, IRA is always in the shadows looking at him and counting everything. It is a news story told about Ireland at a bad and bad time.
