I remember watching this night on the black and white TV, long before the live stage version had been shining in Peter Jackson's eye ... and very interesting. Finally I got my hands this week on a copy of the VHS which was thrown away (and not just for the course.?) I had the opportunity to restore this film again, and I saw that it was still standing well, although it was not the very success that the memory had built up . I / I must witness for certain preferences here. Some viewers declare themselves as confirming Jackson's partners, others as Jackson's opponents; I'm not exactly right. I was a host of the BBC Radio and Brian Sibley reformer who first announced in 1981, and immediately recognized Gollum's voice here - Peter Woodthorpe could restore this performance almost a full-time radio recorder three years later. I must say, however, that where I have seen Jackson's film becoming a more ambitious desire, the Bakshi version, for all that has been cut off the bone, is more appropriate. Yes, there is a common change, recognized (here is Legolas instead of Arwen who has been converted to Glorfindel as Elf sent from Rivendell to meet the party) and there is a great deal of action identification. (Except alone, as others said, it is an enlarged series of Rivendell, where Ringwraiths, which have shown great freezing and restoring the Frodo in the center of the airplane - which uses them again when they lose them after crossing the river - then for some reason just to evict in the long gallop, which is the night of the night but useless, conspiracy, and definitely goes for a very long time.) I also would agree that Balrog is not recommended, because for part of the bad animation, and that Gandalf sends his hands very much . But after looking at both films, I feel more than ever that the animation method is taking. In a narrative theory (an odd one, one of which is included is a snippet of Aragorn's story of Beren and Luthien) a comprehensive writing of the essence of life, where everything from creation to letter shirts should be kept in detail appear on the camera, it is contrary to the crop: latex (or CGI) hairdressers do not recommend more than drawings, heroic clothing tend to look rather lazy and wear real bodies, and hobbits or small and non-human body. easy to survive but difficult for the convincing film. Many viewers have portrayed photographs of photographs in the forest, with its disability movement, half humanity, as one of the worst moments in the film - certainly feared me silly when I saw it for the first time in the dark <br>> < br>> Extensive screening of the introduction (with a high-sounding vocabulary with a large sum of the backdrop in a few sentences) works well to show the near history of history, and changes to the rusticism of the comic-book Shire - I especially like Proudfeet - equally effective with the same changes to the sound of the Tolkien prose. I felt that there was a loss of opportunities where the animation capacity could be used with great effect: Gandalf ending Bilbo with its real potential in opening events, Bilbo appears to be a creature like Gollum under the influence of Ronga-Rivendell, and a famous experimental Galadriel experiment. all were given more or less, where it would be very small to distort the area to reflect the change of hobbits. But generally talking change with detail and palette - fire hues in Bree, bright re-emerging colors in Rivendell and erasing Fangorn, dirty grays and browns for Moria and damaged countries - work well to reflect the situation of various periods, where survival methods do not allow to allow history or artwork on the built environment. If the fan was not worried about Jackson's or Bakshi's Lothlorien 's comments - - again, I feel that the sound radio was the best I found in a beautiful, unusual paradise that was found out of time - and I feel that Bakshi sang for the elven for this time is not very accurate, but I do as a small montage at this point showing the various members of the Company rejoice together after their work in Moria. Aragorn offer hobbit-fence-lesson here is as charming (and equally equal) festival as Boromir engaging in hobbits in Hollin in Jackson's version. Viggo Mortensen's scruffy's Jesus really did not \ t work for me), though it would be interesting to see how they planned to 'clean up' behavior in the second half for the benefit of Gondor. John Hurt, surprisingly, provides good sound performance, such as William Squire's favorite part of Gandalf. Hobbits are, I suspect, intend to reflect modern youth like identity figures: I find an animated style (their number is more 'cartoonish' than those of human characters) work well to distinguish them, and all 'hairy something like feet like The given here comes more like the more real image, including many fan art. <br /> <br /> I personally have a little resistance to Boromir as Viking - was always kind of bludgeoning - - than of the beardy-Aragorn (unknown: they were all of the Numenorians, after all), though I am clear in a few here ! The greatest benefit in this picture will always be the fact that it was an undefined project, and ended with a wonderful end on the end of the voice trying to solve things. Huruma; would be surprising, not to mention a bit to disturb them, to see what Bakshi planned to do for Shelob and Minas Tirith, don't think of the dead ...
