With the release of the famous trilogy of "Jackson's Rings" of Peter Jackson, it is much easier to dismiss Ralph Bakshi of 1978 the film's love film as the poor. I agree with many that the trilogy of Jackson is changing the important film of Tolkien's work, but that does not prevent me from enjoying the pioneer efforts of Bakshi. Jackson has admitted that he had been inspired at least by seeing the Bakshi film and there is a difference between their change. <br /> <br /> The background color of the best color is the best and score is not memorable. I was in many places satisfied with the drawings of the characters. Pippin and Merry and Eowyn and Galadriel participants are not completely different, Balrog and Treebeard were not attracted, but these points did not hurt me. However, Nazgul is well fed and made available. The only representation of the problem I had with Sam was; he was made to look unhappy. This movie is a novel for its animation techniques. In addition to hand-made characters, life actors are introduced into animation via rotoscoping. It is obvious that the characters are hand-handed and that they are good, but there is nothing that I noticed that the film style was good. The use of well-functioning executives for the events of the war was a good decision and assisted by these events to be successful. <br /> <br /> Sound sound was normal quality. The tent is John Hurt, who gave the voice of authority to Aragorn. Aragorn is not my favorite character from the story, but standing with John Hurt's voice was my delightful character in this situation. My other love was William Squire, whose voice was suitable for Gandalf. The only legitimate who appeared to be improper was Michael Scholes as Sam, whose voice was irritating and added to the unfortunate image of coincidence. The only part of the action of the voice acting is the wrong conversion of character and location names. Especially strange was the decision of Saruman often called "Aruman". <br /> <br /> In producing this film, Ralph Bakshi expected to be able to produce two films. So, this film has about half the story, from the beginning of the "Cooperative Ring" to the end of the war in the Deep of Helm in "Two Towers". The obvious way of this is that the story of the film is a very interesting version of the story from books. I enjoy the natural stories and the most suitable changes, but the freedom taken to strengthen the story did not bother me, even the choice of leaving Arwen out of the story. The key stories of the story were in this film to protect me from part-time and there was a novel for being able to heat the half of the Lord of the Rings story in 132. The war show was amazing and particularly the demonstration of orc and war in Deep Helm's was very large. <br /> Ralph Bakshi version of the "Lord of the Rings" is not complete and of course the Lord 's number of readers of the ring mourns cuts. However, for me the restrictions of this film were small compared to the excitement to see the effectiveness of half of the great trilogy. My strong lament is that I can't see the second part of the "first story" of the Lord of the Rings since Bakshi was not given a budget to create a good one.
