The version of Peter Jacksons (s) is the best film from a focus perspective. In order to be said, it is not my favorite version of the Lord of the Rings, and let me explain why. First, the action of the characters on the screen is very common and inappropriate for Jackson's LOTR. The whole mission is also run for the mill. "Do you say that the characters of the colored basketball Ralph Bakshi are better actors than real people?" one can ask. In fact, it is not a hobby (safe for Hobbits, later on them) and it certainly enters a packet than Jackson's party - even for a long time of conversation. And that's because of the best _voice_ of LOTR's Bakshi. Take Aragorn for example. In this version his voice is deep and proud and full of authority (Aragorn master) and with the planned rasp (Aragorn healer). This comes from the voice of John Hurt's brilliant. Compare it with the voice of Viggo Mortensen of high-pitched voices and duel finds quickly uneven: Mercy blows Mortensen hands down. Then there is Gandalf. Probably the dominant character (and most popular) in the whole saga. In this Gandalf of Bakshi (William Squire) is a real witch. And so I don't mean he draws bolts from his fingers (he doesn't), but his presence is just a captivating. He is wonderful, powerful and can change from an old man to an awesome man. Add to that it looks her: Long, old as an old oak, long beard as her body, bright eyes, nose nose wizard and of course, a typical wizard hat. Gandalf perfect, as in the books. The Gandalf of Ian McKellen on the other hand, is just just awesome. He is also seen as a man, he also feels a man, he makes man also and he wore a hat and has no sword. It's a sword. In this magazine Bakshi version Gandalf a couple of blood blood kills with his sword (as he did in books). And those are a narrow motion motion kills. Gandalf is not the power to be used. And it should be noted, that when I was sad to say this, Christopher Lee great did not bring to Saruman alive. Fraser Kerr in this film made, even for a limited time of screens and lines. Before moving completely to the visual aspects of the film, it should be noted that the voice works and the total storage of Orcs is also better than the bad people of Jackson pretending. Bakshi Orcs drive their enemies (or each other) from time to time with stagnation, voice and bad language. They are more reliable as leaders and believe more for the book in my opinion. And finally, Black Plumbers - or Nazgul. Those worst people are terrible ghosts in this one - not just other black dressers. And they talk in a sad voice, which testifies to their victim. My favorite part in the film is when Nazgul expels Frodo near the river. While Peter Jackson could do nothing but show only the fighters playing the party, Bakshi gives us a dream of the night and the cool scenes of slow motion and the atmosphere of thunder. <br /> <br /> But if I like this film more than Jackson, the latter is, if only technically, still better. And that's because of the key images. As you know Bakshi LOTR has a combination of animated characters (both hobbits and main cast) and actual actors covered with colors. It is not really a problem to use real people in the animation this way, but they don't do very well with traditional cartoon statistics. This is especially true for human beings (Rohan planners, tavern people etc.) Orcs is a different issue, as it means to look very different from other characters. Orcs, when played by humans with a mix of animation, look far more than the version of Jacksons. They have greenish-green skin, red eyes, flat eyes and targeted teeth. The largest in the pictures of this film, howerver, is Hobbits. When I prefer almost every character in the version of Bakshi compared to Jackson, the latter has the best Hobbits, in fact they are perfect. With Bakshi you get some interesting and easy to easily run humanoid Disney bambies. And you have to spend a lot of time with them, to show. Again, the voice of working is similar to them, but the mouths of executives can not save the "sinking damage" carried out by small ones. Well, I've never loved those half yet. <br /> <br /> Overall failure in the Bakshi script is well known. Short play (and small budget) and many missing items. So when this film covers almost half of the story, it does not do in detail in comparison with Jackson's version. Overall version of the Ralph Bakshi LOTR version is superior: <br /> <br /> - advanced status (much more like Out-World sound) of voice-music (actually drilling A fantasy score by Kont & Rosenman) -Gandalf -Aragorn (One of the most beautiful roles of John Hurt) - For Theoden -Orcs -Black Riders -Elrond (He is not a hippie of fairy in this one!) <br /> <br / > When the Jackson version is best: <br /> <br /> -for it covers all the pictures-all images and special effects - Gollum / Smeagol -Balrog -Hobbits <br /> <br /> Lord of Rings by Ralph Bakshi , even with a well-known shortage, is one of the best animation films that have been made and takes over the amazing world of Tolkien well, if not fully. I will give you 8½ points out of 10.
