I enjoy this film and make me the most "audience" put it under the trilogy of Peter Jackson. The published novel is always a translation; especially the animation film depends on the artist's vision and should be judged on its own terms. Speaking as a purist, this is a great honor for Tolkien than the updated version. While this film has its restrictions it remains truer for the source, especially so far as the characters are involved. Overall Jackson's Tolkien's Frodo version is completely unknown: from the first events he is shown as weak, always trembling, used by the forces around him and never stand to his own feet (this is physically and physically real). You wonder what the fate chose limp cookies to carry one ring to the penalty cracks. Jackson is again proud of Tolkien and motivates Frodo for his good time when he allows Arwen to defend him from Ringwraiths ... Bakshi's version honors nature, presenting the Frodo who claims wraiths "Go back again!" Bakshi supports Frodo's behavior as Tolkien made. We see its decline as the weight of its load increases. Frodo is so important to the Lord of the Rings that he is wondering why Jackson took that freedom (he does so with many characters) since the development of behavior causes his inevitable solution. Bakshi's film thoroughly explores cooperation between Legolas and Gimli in a few screens that are not quite available in Jackson's version. Similarly we see Boromir with Pippin and Merry, developing the idea of ​​corporate. Since I would like to agree with the relationship it is more developed in the animation version than the live action. Tolkien's poem is an important link in the novel and Bakshi offers tax for this in one of my favorite events: when Frodo sings "Merry Old Inn", a minute before falling on Strider. The ceremony is similar to the music of the black theme during the next seconds, not visible to its friends but is seen by the wraiths, the Frodo is clear. This is one of many parts of the film atmosphere and bothers me whenever I see it. Budget / budget constraints limit the final impact of this film but if completed it can be resonated with more audience. As it is, it's worth checking. Even his defendants admit that Peter Jackson got his attention from this example.
