As an animation film from 1978, this is good - generally well on the day's level where Disney hadn't done anything good in years (and Tolkien cared little for Disney however). It gets great points for creative work and attention, using cinematic techniques and relative success. Rotoscoping caused very much works very well, especially with Ringwraiths, and opening details. However, it is largely used more - perhaps as a means of saving money - which prevents from the overall effect. The same way that makes the spooky wraiths and otherworldly not recommended well in Pony Prancing. <br /> <br /> As for the story change, it's really quite good. We lose little bits here and there, small details such as Old Forest and Tom Bombadil, Gaffer and Sackville-Bagginses. We take a few characters, such as the Legolas reflection as one of Elrond's household and former Aragorn friend, but that is a wise decision for the film. In books you have the opportunity to incorporate records into the vast world of great history of the Elves and the World. In the film, you do the business for pictures and sounds that describe the same things in different ways. Nothing is lost here, and though I have little fingers on a particular change, I am generally very happy. If only beaten authors could remember the name of Saruman - he is often referred to as Aruman, a decision made probably to make him different from Sauron called the same; it took me a second look before I really had no hearing. It is also angry that Boromir is the blood stage of viking, and anger from scratch. However, Gandalf is excellent, and many parts of voicework are excellent. If only John Hurt wasn't too old to play Aragorn; I love his voice. Of course, with the movie ending in the middle of the story, there is a great ambition. What makes it far away, the worst is the most amazing work done by Rankin & Bass second staff. That they were allowed to do the Return of the King after the Hobbit prohibition remains a great secret; they seem to be more interested in rough songs than in good stories. For all its errors, the heart of this film is very hard and tries to do the impossible work. I can only hope that the next series of films remains true for its vision ...
