Over twenty years before the change of Peter Jackson's vision of the Rings, there was this 1978 animation effort from director Ralph Bakshi. The trustworthy and honest version of the story, this sadly has been shaded by the trilogy of Jackson. In fact, many experts here on the IMD (especially those who have seen the new version first) seem to be angry with this version .... but if one uses common sense, and explores the time being done by the technical possibilities that existed then, then they will that this is a very good film. Indeed, it was shortly after seeing this movie's animation behind the '80s of earlier that I wanted the book of Tolkien and once became a fan of life's deep things of the Middle World. So, somehow, I owe this film a degree of acceptance as a film that created my literary taste forever. Sauron, the Lord of the Darkness of the Middle World, gives the most powerful ring that gives him a wonderful power. Following the great battle that Sauron fails, the ring is owned by the king named Isildur ??. but instead of destroying him for foolishness he chooses to put it. For centuries the ring passes by hand in hand, eventually comes into the hobbit possession called Frodo Baggins who lives in a peace society known as Shire. Frodo learns from a witch named Gandalf that his ring is actually The Ring One, very similar to which was closed by Sauron all the centuries ago, and that his master once again sought for restoring his dark powers over the entire land. Frodo enters a dangerous journey to protect the ring with three other companions, but every step of the path chosen by the Sauron corners, Black Carriers. There follow many adventures, when the company of nine fighters is designed to guide the ring the only place where it can be "unmade"? The punishment of the Mountain, in the land of Mordor. The film ends with Frodo and his best friend Sam at the borders of Mordor, scoring closer to their terrible destination. Meanwhile Gandalf and other members of the company are fighting a large orcs army on the Deep Deep story story. This version covers more than half of the original book. The second phase was planned to bring the story to the end, but sadly was not filled. When the end comes suddenly, it takes at least to finish it for a good reason in the story. One feels a little confused and sad that no customer can follow these animated heroes for their ultimate goal. Animation is passed, and the best type of locals and characters presented in more detail. Leonard Rosenman's music is worthy and appropriate according to the epic story. Voice sounds are good, too, especially John Hurt as Aragorn and Peter Woodthorpe as Gollum. On the other hand, Michael Scholes - who sounds to Sam - is in a room with anger, which is not appropriate for behavior. The Lord of the Rings is an interesting attempt to look at a fascinating book that has stopped.
