This film, in my opinion, is, despite its faults (which I hold * a few *), the highest jewel and a piece of glory. <br /> <br /> What Mr. Bakshi has done here is to create the best film and has shown his many talents and merits as an animation director. It does not get 1/100 of the eligible loan for saving real animation art for the entire audience. If it was not for Mr. Bakshi, I don't believe the animation could win the Disney war. Additionally, with the Lord of the Rings, he not only create a beautiful animated film, but has created a new form of art - unfortunately a man who never completely deleted the ground. Most people will complain about the use of rotoscoping in the film (use of live stage images that are used as background images and often have animation using multiple methods from what appears to be fewer painting for perfect animation). But I feel that people who are complaining about it cannot accept an external form of an art. No, this is not a Disney animation. No is not a point of survival. No, not "cheat" - what is a new form of art, amazing, and absolutely amazing. Something that is pure, and so new that feels totally at home with such a wonderful story like "Lord of Rings". The use of Bakshi's method of technique brings the World's Middle Deception to life is a black and mysterious way, in particular, the darkness of Tolkien, particularly Nazgul, is recognized in such a way that traditional animation or live action has not been able to complete. > ya ya S. ya Peter Peter S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. S. Where possible he uses the dialogue directly from the novel and feels at home in the world where Bakshi has created. There are many discrepancies that were similar to the first book and 3/4 in one minute of 15 minutes, but there are a few changes in the story. There are a few holes that would be good for filling: Narsil repair, Galadriel's gift, Huorns in Hornburg war, but, again, with the shortcomings of the time was (already a long-term animation feature in history), surely these are understandable ( although it is surprising directly how they could explain in other ways. There is also a good score (one of my favorites) and Leonard Rosenman (who also scored Barry Lyndon and Star Trek IV (marks that are obviously based on his work of the LotR). It is bombastic and uncomfortable, I say, perfect. as a orchestral victory, but when combined with the image of the film, comes the new world of symphonic perfection. So far from the usual Hollywoodland price which returns many people away. The note is mainly John Hurt as Aragorn who only enhances the essence of Strider. <br /> <br /> The order of behavior is also very unique, though not often for everyone's taste. But remember that it is the responsibility of the director. The reforms show you what he thinks, not what you think, and so Aragorn is considered by the Native American differently and feel Boromir looks at the viking inspired the coin. This is probably not what you thought of, but I can only praise Mr. Bakshi kw a show us what "he saw". It can also note that he spent a lot of time with Priscilla Tolkien in developing a characteristic film dress. One more word - Airplane for Ford's sequence, in my opinion, is one of the most beautiful tricks that should be infected on celluloid. Bakshi is not afraid of a sharp decline in the short term, and his skills are shown clearly and the incredible tension is able to build. The art of Bakshi's art and the amazing fuse of Tolkien's work in this observation for the highest level of glory that has never been uneven. The most recent DVD released (2001) and Warner Brothers, is very poor. While we can give our thanks forever that the film is finally available in the widescreen format, the package was not lacked. It would have been a great glory to have a director's commentary, able to see 20 minutes of additional pictures removed by the release of exhibitions. Another interesting addition may have been gathered life illustrations that were later filled. Also, in the release of the DVD it is a horrible voice at the end of the film which is the sound of the sound that occurred in the last frames of the film. This version has been hit by bad conditions given right on the top of the music mark. Of course, the greatest disaster of all is that the customer has never been made. We can never see the interpretation of Bakshi of Gondor, of Shelob, of Faramir, of the Cracks of Destruction, of the Eowyn War and the King of the Witch or the Gandalf struggle with him. We can never be bound by the image of Bakshi of Denethor or Palatir or Ways of the Dead. It is the most shameful of all the embarrassment that we, finally, have to accept the photos of Peter Jackson and glitter Hollywood, the film version of these events later in Tolkien, but, I think that's even better than having a movie version on all. David / David
