this was a very expensive film, when it was released. Mr. Alexander Korda and H.G. Wells were troubled by its poor ratings --- for good reason. it was and remained far ahead of its time. away from the seemingly impoverished direction, perhaps editing, at the beginning, the work goes with a wonderful conclusion. It is his role of 'Boss' of Sir Ralph Richardson, or even better, his wife, Mr. Cedric, as an enemy of the distance away, Raymond Massey's 'John Cabal' primary responsibility - - all-minded boggling performances. <br /> <br /> area and mr. The comparable Korda session, of the little girl, running in the "never-to-be-matching" area, pointing to "Life continues to find love and love"? that quickly brings tears to any parent / grandfather. this is not a film for youth - except 'experience' and instead of those who have seen 'fear' refuses. <br /> <br /> Indeed, 'pony-parachuting', looks hokey --- when using 'magnetic-cannon', which is now called 'mass-molecules' can be seen as worried, against rockets --- giving Sir Korda break - Mr. Wells made the choice. and at +/- $ 8 million, this film continued over 'more budget' - so he accumulated on what he can manage. The true power of this great cinema's resting in 'John's final work of Cabal's fate of humanity - his friend' Passworthy 'worries the wisdom of the disappearance of the disappearance, saying,' We are such small animals. ' John Cabal's correct answer is, (clarified) 'Well, small animals, and if only they are, we have to live and die like that.' they are standing under a large astronomical telescope. he strikes his hand over the night sky. 'Yet we can have the whole world, or nothing.' ---- then the last chorura breaks in --- 'What will it be? 'This is not' Star Wars', 'Blade Runner' --- anything that you can think of 'Big' - this is the real thing. I remember all of the recent Steven Hawking address, the most recent 'Medal of Honor' --- 'Humanity must leave the world, or die.'-- based on this work - - i love 'standard entertainment' - but this 'relic', for a wise viewer, provides more. 'What will it be?' being in the 'right' mood - whatever it takes - this will take your breath away - 'guarontee' --- in general, in humans? The most important of the movies. Since the send, I realized many have said poor comments 'high-quality media' of 'live' models. in the 80's I developed a 'heritage' process that needed a 'pure' nature. this led me to Michael Korda, who sadly noted all had gone — so we must be happy with what remains— 'sad but true?'
