SYNOPSIS Tomorrow as shown from 1939 UK. As the most advanced war in Europe, human salvation will not be seen in ancient politics. It is about the new world of scientific courage to overcome the past mistakes of mankind. THE KING IN THE REWARD OF THE WILD Beware of your leaders and what you are told. Thinking out of the box can lead to a lighter tomorrow. There will be a constant fear and fear, and learning to win is our only hope. PROS and CONS I had seen this film for a long time ago and recently took off the network (it's in the public domain). This is an interesting job on many levels. Since it is a story about the future as it has been seen since 1939, it has a clear error. This future vision is awesome and modern. This film was cut for her day. Special effects are very good as the story line. Acting is facing a bit of British intelligence, for it can depend on little to Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> One of the basic themes of the film is that science and technology can solve all our problems, which we now know is not true every time. Other conspiracy films are that the scandal leaders are a curse of human existence and perhaps always be with us. The most basic of all the science fiction movies can be seen in this film. Drawing with the "Planet Earth" wardrobe, the failure of technology in "2001: Odessy's position", even the lush mountains / cities of "Star Wars" are allegedly influenced by this film. The end of the film leaves a viewer with some concern. Although it is hopeful in its final sequence to reach the stars, we have been left to wonder if humans will be able to do so. Even when we reach, there are those who are trying to stop us. This vision of the future film of interest is also a bit humorous with today's standards. The big competition with guns that can throw people into space never emerged in the real world, but in 1939 it was considered a second point of logic. Many UK actors are in this film as young people. Cedric Hardwicke and Ralph Richardson are recognized skills and their skills are obvious here. Raymond Massey is a curious option to play a leading character, Cabel. His virtue almost comes as a new Christ sent to save the world from its destruction by the new science religion. This is a good piece of movie history which the theme is still relevant today even if the future vision was missing.
