This may be the best of all Star Wars. The first part of the film was about as part of IV - the position of the music cabaret and the idea of ​​the cabaret place, where the difficulty of the farmer Jabba Hutt was getting even more. He ordered Luke to die in the bottom of the ground with the teeth of the Bantha's bones, who looked like a cross between the bear and the shark. Luke's Jedi authorities finally finished the monster away. Adding the pride of Han Solo's pride, who was frozen alive at the end of V V, Jabba was very angry about this that Luke was sentenced to die in the hole of Sarlacc. Star Wars "good people", especially R2-D2, had other ideas ... and other ideas have hindered the implementation of Luke; The latter, many of Jabba soldiers died and Princess Leia was able to use the power to stir Jabba to die. <br /> <br /> As in the IV section, Star Star in Section VI appears. As I explored the rebel ship overcoming the imperial warriors near the Death of Death, the crew of the Star Destroyer, I thought, had persuaded the main laser weapons, using Imperial fighters as a decline. The 20-25 starmen who built were ready to attack but were called off and instead of laser weapons on Star Star were expelled. Once the flight, the only hope of the ship was that the death of the Death Death Death was facing, and this affected Lando because he wanted to destroy Death's death but he could not until the immunity was given. And it was released by Lando's impatience. As in the V period, the Imperial Tourists cause their appearance of lung nerves, and kill at least one of Ewoks ... but Ewoks finds old but odd ways to deal with them. For example, Chewbacca, with another Ewok, was able to guide one of the travelers (and actually used to destroy the back of one of the travelers), and other Ewoks using logs to hit the other two toddlers. It is interesting that Luke can do with his Jedi power in his Light Saber, such as an example of the Endor area where Luke opens a laser bullet from Storm Trooper speeder bike, and using Saber to end out a part of the bike. Or, at the peak, using Saber to break his father's hand during the last Saber war with Sith Vader. Maybe you know the Ewoks ceremony after the death of the death of the death, completing it in a short time to show fireworks, running on the trophies of victory (for example, East East Wind), and Luke finally meet and Leia after Luke's own nemesis --- Darth Vader, who died now, is burned in the pyre. The ceremony includes singing Ewoks but I think Lucas did not buy - even with the great respect of the singer John Williams. In the movie version of the home, I think Lucas himself wanted to end the difference. In addition to the Endor ceremony, he wanted the festivals at the various planets of the rebels, including the laser bullet that destroys the image of Sith. Eko's song was replaced by any other piece. He probably wanted many things to prove that by the destruction of the Star Star, the balance was restored to the rebels.
