The first two areas are trying to alleviate the shortage of losses and the regime of national fighters. Section 3 explains that development and research for a month and more is necessary to ensure the use of human resources and resources. It says that other viewers refuse as bombs or bombastic but they make some people excited. It shows the position of guns / launcher and helicopters, as well as mass media contact information, elevators, flat screen panels, and wireless pieces. It may not be correct about non-window buildings in the future. But it shows a vision as a child of non-scientific research / technology. For me, it seems like a movie about a group of sensitivity guides is guided by such values ​​as Spinozean in their efforts to define themselves and live moral values ​​through scientific development and the united world government. Participants of development (such as two cabals) believe that humans 'can live forever' by preserving our experiments and development for future generations, always standing on our humanity as on the shoulders of giants. Arthur C. Clarke (2001 author: Space Odyssey) suggested this film to Stanley Kubrick as an example of the best SF film. Kubrick hated and said he could not watch other films according to Clarke's recommendations (source: Millennial Introduction to 2001 for his 2001 novel). Although Clarke was late he insisted on his list every person asked him about the best SF films. It has a good design of the art of Menzies, but special special effects (for example tanks of toy). I loved myself and I think it's best to put a modern pastor. It is little about the possibility of building a society without crime for a long period of time. It also seems implausible on the lack of development. It seems to me that I can go back to the dark age or at least to be so rich in science that we commit suicide through the fastest growing or through our ability to avoid great natural disasters. But clearly it shows the importance of taking risks against the public and the weaknesses of the nanny for many accidents and accidents. It encourages us to choose the development side on a little desire for safety or comfort or joy: It is very much [again] and soon, and we call it death and there is no end. This small planet and wind and its ways, and all the laws of the mind and the issue that stops them. Then the planet about him, and finally becomes stronger with the stars And when he has won the deepest space and all the secrets of time - he will still be "CABAL:" If we are not more than animals - we have to beat a few of our fun and live and suffer and pass, not to issue - more than all other animals - or I have done. " {Says in the star}} "Is that - or this? All the world - or anything ..." (quotes from the screenplay). <br /> <br /> If this looks like a rationalization for giving all the community to develop, then council members (of the world government) will look like technocrats. But in fact those "technocrats" allow their citizens to become artists or to follow other desires freely, and they have to eliminate government restrictions, laws against science and experiments, and other roles and use of force blocking that would turn their critics into deception > <br /> In fact a large group of rebels in the conspiracy feel degraded by all the development of the science and technology councils, so they are trying to stop and end the independence of the trial council. The developmental councils cannot prevent the free speech of the rebels yet, it only prepares a 'peaceful gas' during emergencies and just wants freedom and opportunity to continue its development. It is also a story about freedom of science, as well as on the wonders of development. Many people in our community will agree with some of these basic buildings, except in social situations (most want to ban cloning, for example) or nature (some do not want us to continue in freedom, and we would just want to be at the right time during the exile) in the world) or fear / reason (others believe we are not ready for science / advanced technology since we can destroy ourselves). But the cabal (president of the council) has the answer to the problem of risk: "Our scientific revolution did not destroy death or danger. It only made death and danger of time" (screenplay).
