H.G. Wells in 1936 had already exceeded its books and living books had been there for a long time. He came at the end of his life and had been faced with his dream. At the beginning of the 20th century he advocated the idea that the world was lost because the evolution of species, natural biology, on the one hand, and Marxism, the market economy on the other hand, had to lead to the weakest power of strength due to a simple number of the numbers. The weak were the majority of humanity and power were a few scholars. He advocated then a strong eugenic policy to eliminate all those who were in the way or other undermining the community. First of all non-rebels, and only the exception of the Jews who would lose thanks to mixed marriages. Then, within the Cult of all those who were not healthy, drunken, mentally disabled, all with disabilities, etc. It was not Hitler. That was H.G. Wells and that was not after the first world war. That was more than ten years before. And twenty years before the first world war had published Time Machine which defended the idea that the "race" of humanity, left by its own means and due to the evolution of the biological life of the world, could see the human race "running" within " two "class: a working class will be hard animals abroad and bodigeoisie would be a form of laziness. The move was in the novel that the modern and non-clay nature was the prey of other species that were animals. Wells believed that humanity was in danger and politicians were required to stop these reforms by putting strict eugenic policies. The first countries following these orders are Scandinavian countries who were also the last to stop only recently for some of them. The film here proposes a vision of 2036 and the world government which is completely dictator in the fact that there is no choice, no parliament, no democratic institution, the only peace set by military victory, and the government is dominated by one person or one with its few members. And in all the world to come, all the people are totally Caucasians. Wells could imagine humanity being wholly white and 2036. Well they expect some sort of rebellion but that would be temporary and not worth anything. The last sentence is a vision of this white civilization that overcomes the universe during the meditation of the sky and its stars and planets. Fear. And that was released in 1936. All of the horrors since anywhere a little mention of Hitlerism, fascism, Japanese imperialism or Stalinism can be found. But it is important to have the film in a well-restored version because it is important to have a full view of H.G. Wells. We are very clear away from the new world of democratic selection of democracy, or the animal farm of the proletariatari dictatorship of the porcine, or the 1984 humanitarian dictatorship of Big Brother. This vision is only at least as terrible as the other three. And I just want to compare Vema with the British authors of his day. It was not right to go further. This suggests that in the UK in the first decades of the 20th century there was a great fear among the scholars: the fear that the future would only be shocked, and destroy and in the form of a spine of some sort. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne & University of Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
