I must accept a little passion for this film; I had read a lot about how amazing it was, but the real order of the future, Science Age, takes very little of the film. Set and is best when we reach it, and there are amazing pictures, but this last sequence is not on the other hand too ... <br /> <br /> The best player of the piece is in the middle, and then acting as melodrama , which comes from the 'higher concept' of science-fiction of all, and a very non-negotiable discussion. There is more human life in this part though, with the greatest Ralph Richardson of the highest up-top journey as the head of dictator, "Boss" of Everytown. I liked Richardson's ways and minimized the provision of lines, allowing for the presence of President Raymond Massey, who has courage. This Lord is a model of deception, a good deception, cannot recognize the tender nature of his kingdom ... It's not a great responsibility, but Richardson does a lot. Everything in the village is probably meant to be England, or at least the English city of England's representative. Interesting was to avoid the full of any religious side to objects; 'coming things' seems to be revolving around the conflict between war and faith in science which appears to have ultimate goal, but only continuously and continuously. There is an attempt to add to the argument and tension in the last part, about the individual 'life', but one is quite worthy. The movie has not had much interest in difficult problems; goes to the celebration ceremony and unethical, politically wrong, every time. And, of course, recall the end of the bet-hedged-bet: Raymond Massey screamed on how unreliable things! <br /> <br /> About the question of the film that predicts: I must say it is not as bad as it is, considering that one makes it impossible to find the details of anything like right. Great ideas have something for them; The war in 1940, well that perhaps was to predict ... Last almost 30 years, the mind? Nuclear bomb - "super guns" or another type of protest - the year 2036 ... a professional technocrania "we do not believe in independent countries" -the state administration, in the UK, after 1970 ... Hmmm, sad anywhere on that, chaps! ;-) No real politics entered here which are embarrassing; All these things are very laudable to fight the emotional war. In general, it is assumed that the dictatorship - whether it is bone-sweeter-sweeter, as under the Boss, or all of the hands-to-the-pump scientific sciences - will be * a deal, and these results do not think ... When we should remember that in 1936, he had no knowledge about how Nazism and Communism could turn - or even how they turned - lack of consideration this seems to be gentle along the scope of the vision of the film writers on other matters. Most of the original things should - and can - be cut off in my opinion; The only things that came from '1940' would be important, but this part tends to get ponderous, and it's years before we reach Richardson-Massey. I would like to see more done by Margareta Scott; who is shockingly shocking, cutting the Mediterranean figure of interest for the wrong reason. Characterization is not being analyzed, or explained in a simple or used way, except for one area that I cannot destroy, and its relationship with Boss is not available; but this was the 1930s, and there was something like the institutional control at the time. Edward Chapman is amusing to gently in his two roles; The first for the first time as an unpleasant shape, praying for war, but just to make it clear to another character of the Massey. Massey himself helps a lot of things, playing its parts with a combination of block and gusto sombre, different from very well diffident cast, except Richardson, and Scott and Chapman, little. I would say that "Things That Come" is undoubtedly the most amazing film that has been held in England in 1936; one of the biggest falsehoods of the UK to date, indeed! Its implementation of the piece (piece) and the integration of resources are ravenous, incredible. However, the document is finally facing hard, and sometimes, everywhere. Trends lack a flat, although it makes a high point of gear or two on the occasion. The film writer and Mr Richardson really save the things however; respectively make a sense of amazement in technology, and the performance of the jerky, which is constantly misleading. This embarrassment is a little substance or a real pregnancy film for anything around; Powell and Pressburger would have been full-time directors - they cannot have authors among British directors as storytellers, powerful defenders of characters and traders in the first-level negotiations. "Things to Come", as it stands, is amazing surprising, worth losing, but still very short and "Metropolis" ... 'Tis much like "silly", in words of Wells, such as Lang's film without something like its amazing strength.
