This first work of Herbert George Wells and music by Arthur Bliss is a powerful piece of film making. Based on Wells' work differently from the author, it shows human care and the issue of war periods as against the 'peace' period. The system is that after two pieces of unusual size and collecting clouds of war, the script allows war to happen. Two families, Cabells and Passworthys do not agree on what might happen; Passworthy takes a view of the development of "direct" development of civilization; Cabell is a viewer, doubtful. Their Everytown city - is clear London - fails to war-tanks, the massive protests of war and fun, and the end of civilization. The second section finds people living in the destruction of what was in the village under the "Boss", played by brarel and Ralph Richardson, whose wife, Margaretta Scott, very good, is very impressed by the dream that she is a fashion dictator. He is trying to rebuild the old WWI aircraft so he can attack the nearby hill tribe to complete his small kingdom; The little scientist complains about doing his job always interfered with the needs of the birds - etc. - for ever; this is the opinion of Wells on the fight against development. Victims are faced with a blow called "Loss of Disease" too. Enter a modern flying machine with Cabell's first part of the film, which is now part of the Wings Over the World, the International Union of Scientists, who plan to put an end to eternity. A modern bird of love has an amazing conversation with Boss and his wife, their influence is seen; then the Lord sends his plane against them, Scientists come with a large number of birds and stop "Peace gas" on Everytown bombs. Only masters die, fighting very hard against strengthening. The film shows that minerals are mined by mined and by slowly slowing down the city's new modern towers. In the third passage, Cabell is facing the future. The Passport wonders if they have the right to send men to the Moon; Cabell fights a person's right to develop and need to expand its scope. Passworthy's son and Cabell's daughter, are the veterans who are sent. Theotocopulos, Luddite religious, makes a hot speech on the big screens on the city's Forum and causes an attack on a 'space gun' which is a fireplace of a new rock-free rocket. The duration of the plot is to run to the guns position successfully; The denouement and end is a speech of Cabell praise the value and science which is the whole world considered to be the greatest protection of mind ever wrote. "It's the whole world - or no!" Cabell tells Passworthy. "What will it be?" As Cabell, Raymond Massey gives probably his great screen work; he thinks, compassionate, and wise, a true scientist. As rouser-rouser who wants to put an end to the Age of Science, Cedric Hardwicke is perfect and powerful. Edward Chapman to play Passworthy tries to imitate the sound of the contract and fear. Story of the story is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. Due to the closeness of the human race, the idea of ​​a civilization by the revolutionary scientists is translated and credited to the viewer. This is the victory of director, William Cameron Menzies, for Bliss and for all involved. Listen to the conversation with someone you love; within its boundaries, this is the game of someone who thinks about early human development - development or vice versa.
