After '' The dollar fails back '' 'The Jedi' 'return is my second favorite movie from the Star Wars series. Luke went to Tattoine to save Han Solo from Jabba. At the same time, the Galactic Empire makes the secret, building a space station as the death of the original death. If this facility is fully built, it will be the end of the Union. Both Vader and King end up because of the delay of the new Star Star, and they need to kill many of their chiefs to have a time-driven project. R2 and C3po are within Jabba's home by sending messages from Luke to Jabba, where Lukes tries to discuss Han's life. He gives R2 and C3po as a gift to Jabba as part of his plan. Jabba does not accept the conversation, because he uses Han Solo as a piece of decoration of his palace. (Han is still frozen in carbonite) Lando is hidden as Jabba and Chewbacca guards are also given Jabba to the farmer. While the Hunter attempts to save Han solo and make him continue in human form again, we see that it is actually Leia princess in hiding. The problem is that Jabba gets Leia's plan and takes him as his slave, while Han was thrown out of Chewbacca's cell. Luke comes as a knight joker to rescue his friends. In his first attempt to kill Jabba, he falls on the jaw of Jabba (Bantha), but he kills it easily. Jabba is angry and decides to be thrown to Han, Chewbacca and Luke to Sarlacc, a great creature from the desert who lives about 1,000 years to build a 'food'. Luke, Han and Chewi are again successful, and even Boba Fett dies when Han accidentally throws Sarlacc's mouth. Leia kills Jabba and follows Han, Luke and Chewi with c3po and R2. Everybody is safe again, Luke decides to go to Dagoba to complete his training as Jedi, with his promise to Yoda. The problem is that Yoda is too old and sick, since he is already 900 years old, and before he dies, Yoda says to Luke that he does not need more training, but in fact being Jedi, he must fight with Vader again. He proves to Luke that Vader is the father of Luke, and that there is another Skywalker instead of Luke. In his last time, Yoda asks Luke to remember his advice on the dark side, and Luke will give his knowledge to others. When Yoda dies, the spirit of Obi wan shows Luke and tells him that Luke's father was killed on his right side Anakin to be Darth Vader, and also that he is a machine more than man since he was. Luke remains concerned about killing his own father, and says he feels that his father is still good. Obi Wan tells Luke that her twin sister is Leia, and says the reasons why Luke and Leia were excluded from children. He gives his final advice to Luke saying that if he refuses to kill Vader, the king will win the battle. Meanwhile, King says Vader that he should give Luke when he shows, since Luke is more powerful than ever, and they all need to combine their efforts to bring Luke to the darkness. Now we will have one better battle from a series of star wars, while the Rebel Union plans to attack a new space station, 'Star Star 2' ', Luke will fight with Vader and King, and Leia, Han and Chewie should turn off the field of The power of 'Death of 2 stars,' and support of EWOKS. (The small visible creatures bear little) <br /> <br /> This is certainly one of the most exciting star wars!
