I can't stop saying how much I loved this movie. This movie is one of the most popular movies and one of the movies I've ever seen. The movie follows the use of rap group, NWH (is # $% rs and hat) It goes from the beginning of the group to the end of the group, after the sad break. Following the group is the author of the record Nina Blackburn. This movie is on budget decline, but it does not seem to be the most important thing, this is a very good film made, well produced and all performers performers and work executives are excellent. The main strength of this movie is writing, there are many brilliant lines and rap removal of this film, it's untrue. SPOILER <br /> <br /> There is a withdrawal of true authors, like MC Slammer, Vanilla Sherbert, Ice Cold, Tone Def, Tastey-Taste, and songs (Booty Juice, Grab your Dick, Nk.) Rusty Condieff has made a film The best. In the film he plays with Radi Ice Room. Movie does not stop, it's funny from beginning to end. The movie works well because it becomes normal sometimes, but it defeats the line where it's funny without going too far out there. Listening to the three causes a discussion of some kind of philosophy was one of the best parts of the movie, like Tone Def telling the producer of record, when you take it, when you get there, and the producer responds, ?? that's deep! The group shows the NWH has some kind of natural chemistry to them. They work very well, and they can pull this film where there is no week in the film. What exactly makes this film very good is how it really is for rap groups of time when this movie is. Many rap groups have problems with violence, as well as controlled, and as NWA, the group just became popular when the introduction began to make a great deal out of the complexity of lyrics. <br /> <br /> I like this film because it is angry. There is nothing here to convince everyone in a natural way. The movie has to take on a good number of people too out of rap, it's funniest to be Spike Lee. Where they came and this conversation I can not imagine. Film has a line after the line that will give you on the floor. As I said before writing is just fine <br /> <br. /> I am not surprised that this film met as limited release. It is intelligent, controversial, and even thought-provoking thinking. This is too much for the institution, despite the fact it is hilarious, and almost useless in its production. There are no big stars, but many unusual faces, including Marc Lawrence, who plays Dr Def. Watch this film, at least you will definitely have his opinion.
