Okay, my name is kinda blind, and almost sell this flick short. I remember watching Siskel & Ebert in '94 talking about this film, and then playing a piece or two. It is not the person who cares about rap (though I could recognize Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Ice, and MC Hammer music), I wasn't very interested when they started talking about the film. But, S & E showed the area where the band describes how they chose their name (using some “shady” logic and a group of “created” facts), and then another area where the band, and their opponent band, all visit the school to promote sharing ( and, of course, the NWH comes with a "description" about how the leader of the opponent's lost team because he had a good class at school and was in the book committee. So I opened it so I could see this film. A few years later, this shows on HBO and I wrote, just laugh my buttock for an hour. Yes, it has a "type of rhythm" to ... even the rapist takes the same "tone" in introducing clips, and the band follows the same way (what I now call "Back to Music" feature - small band with good chemistry, gets The most popular, too much money quickly, mixed, drugs, some kind of death, the rest of the band, then reconcile, ending with the hope of more albums in the future, and reaching black). One thing that is true is that in the Mpepa Ring, you get a fake maybe with a little more success in the past. But the Ring pulls on some points, and in my mind is reduced to laughing which is set up with special scenes. Oh, this is a rant on the backstage food, this is a spot where she wants amp to go to "ELEVEN", this is a spot where a guy makes a stonehenge pint size, etc ... <br /> <br /> Unlike FoaBH, which seems to have more than "unexpected" humor. You can see some of these comes, but there is no great setup for all jokes. Sometimes, jokes just walk. Cundieff and other actors in the band had a real working chemistry. Also, direct reference to Vanilla Ice, Hammer, and a group of other caricature authors worked well. This strikes me like the film you expect immediately to get the main story and laugh, and then come back and watch to make a joke. And songs. Is "My Peanuts" is better than "Big Bottom" (from Spin Tap)? I don't know - but both are funny funny. Tone Def bad video during its "wake up" phase is very strange, but it's fun. I could go at a certain time, but you save your time and don't go to CB4. I looked at the first half hour, and I was angry. You can't get bored on FoaBH. There is little time, but you can't tell him when something good happens. Perhaps my favorite place is when Ice Cold and Tastey Taste (the name of ripoffs if I've ever heard anything) discover that they have been sharing one girl .... at the same time, you have got two guns for each other, and something else you know, manager, photographer , the girl, and I think even Tone Def is in the room that refers to the gun to each other, and to turn the return goals. And, of course, someone is shot. I felt that it was unlikely that the NWH managers had similar incidents with the smokers of Spinal Tap (although there was not enough enough, I don't think). There was enough resemblance that I can't ignore the possibilities that Cundieff saw "Spinal Tap" before writing this film, though this is more obvious than the Spinal Tap of hip-hop. When another symmetry exists, humor is different, and the movie looks more like a real document (perhaps because we do not recognize one actor in this matter, even someone who played "Lamar" from "Revenge of Nerds"). All in all, this film has, in my opinion, "the reputation of the street". Kinda like the NWH.
