This film is for my thoughts a weak film in the original Star Wars trilogy, for various reasons. However it comes at the end of the day winner, despite all his mistakes. It is still a very good film, even though its great quality depends on the characters who have been built in the top 2 phase. <br /> <br /> One problem here is looking for a film, which is not very compatible with another film. A lot of these under the departure of producer Gary Kurtz. The first 2 films have dirt, look at all the technology and so on. In "Jedi" on the other hand even the rebels seem like they left out of the bath and had their uniforms on. This makes the film very small. Also the creatures were the poppet-like and very cutesy. At this point it looks like the film makers were very impressed by creating templates for future action figures than the quality of the film itself. Another thing is its lack of naturalness. Where the "Star Wars" created a new experience in movies and "Empire" brought us to the foreign world of ponds, ice, and clouds, "Jedi" that rebuilt the first film. First we return to the desert planet Tatooine, and then we look at them facing another star of death (perhaps the king could not think of something new ... but you think Lucas or Kasdan can). We also have these ecosystems, which are actually bearing the tasting of tated teddy, in a publishing version of what should be the ultimate battle of "Star Wars" if they did not run money. Not only is it as a lazy building. The most unfortunate aspect of "Jedi" to me is the poor handling of Han Solo's character. Although he is among the first two film programs here he struggles for the time of the screens, doing one trade with the droids. Instead of the real game we are faced with disabled people think that Han still believes Leia loves Luke - as the end of the "Empire" where he confessed his love on it has never happened. Anything so common and obscures the fact that Solo's behavior was not part of the main story of this film after its salvation. Ford, in turn, seems to be bored and does not have a style that was known to its original performances. This is like the work of Ford in 1990, bored and looking "top" film itself. Fishing for its parts looks up at certain events. Lando, an interesting character being brought into the "Empire", here it is stuck as a caring person who cares for a great fight. The only Hamill, who was given an interesting development in Luke's character, can do anything new or interesting with his character. Perhaps he was the only actor in the film that was still concerned about his work. And that the correct script gives a lot more to do than other characters. True is his story and the other characters are just there as part of the package. Ian McDiarmid does such a good job as King. The film would be like if it was too far on (as in the new film). <br /> <br /> Look and for the effect of the work effect, unless you look "clean" of everything is hard to find fault. Jabba is a very effective animatronic character, one of the most concentrated attention. The position of the battle to the end is very surprising. Finally this film follows success in terms of the success of his shoulders. But for themselves, it is a satisfactory piece of entertainment and IMHO is much better than any future production of Lucas.
