Brian Yuzna is often interested in his murder, but the fact is that his films are not really bad. Re-Animator settings are not as good as natural, but still fit even if sequels of fear are concerned. The return of the living dead 3 is better than the series; and the Society is not a world far from being a professional surrealist. This feeling is not appropriate to a masterpiece; but it shows the eye of Yuzna for fear, and the plot goes in a way that always enjoys and includes. I am very surprised that the terrible movie about dental teeth did not come to 1996, if you go to the dentist is almost scared - it's running from the tiger to the modern world. Dental medicine is not afraid of me, but surprisingly; I would seem to be few. The program follows the dental perfectionist Dr Feinstone. He has a beautiful home, a good job and a good wife - everything that most people want. However, his life takes the worst situation when he recognizes his wife's clean and clean pool. And his life is not alone; if it is his patients who feel full of his wrath ... <br /> <br /> When it comes to beat viewers, this film makes itself. However, the loan should go to the director of taking any level of advertising from the main theme. The fact that he does a good job is described by the fact that I am not squeamish about going to a dentist - but a particular area has actually made me cover my eyes! The film follows a typical person who talks a plot, just with a Dentist you get every feeling that there is more than a film than what we see. It is not too often that the annual film can attract to the level of substances - and this time it will not win any prize, animation in the top class is well closed on the field. Acting, when B-class, is really quite interesting; and Corbin Bernsen take the first responsibility and do a good job of convincing the audience that he is an intense man. I should thank Brian Yuzna for giving Ken Foree in the movie. The star of the dead is not working enough, and I love to see him in the film. Some of the cast were not very attractive, but all are doing their job well. In general, the Dentist changes the movie's nineties. The events of the year are sure to enjoy the awesome fans, and I don't try to recommend this film.
