The dentist starts in the morning of Dr. Alan Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) and his wife Brooke of Linda Hoffman. On Mr. & Mrs. Feinstone they seem to have a good life, a beautiful house in Los Angeles and has a good job and responsibility but under the things it is very bad. Alan realizes that Brooke has a relationship with Matt (Michael Stadvec) clean swimming, adding to his shame Alan then knows that Matt is also having sex with Paula Roberts (Lise Simms) one of his second neighbors and above all off he claims IRS, who breathe his neck, the burden of money lost. Alan begins to lose his thoughts, assuring himself that everything is lost and decaying, like his patient's teeth, and it is up to him to fix it. That morning at work he begins to take thought and anger for his patients, first hurts a young boy named Jody (Brian McLaughlin), a sexual patient named April (Christa Sauls) after accepting that he is his wife & intentionally making an unwanted and painful procedure. to another. Alan also begins to use drugs as he completely loses & goes homicidal starting with his wife of adultery & pool pool ... <br /> <br /> Guided by Brian Yuzna I thought Dentist was a good film and tried something different . The script of Dennis Paoli, Stuart Gordon & Charles Finch is more of a psychological stimulation than a single slasher that happened to me as I expected to end, would be easier to make a young film like Friday on the 13th (1980) with a high body and woman count dental teeth damage, but what the Dentist made to be very different. The dentist is the heart of one-generation behavior to be mad and works well though he says that I do not know what he is going to be right for his murderous actions. It continues at a steady pace, with a good explanation that I liked regular Alan makes among the decay that she sees in her patients and the impairment she sees in the world and is a fun way of passing 90 minutes unusual. It goes without saying that anyone who has a phobia about a dentist perhaps should give it this or never! I like the last and where the tables have turned, I will not say again ... Director Yuzna does his regular work here, I really don't see Yuzna film that I am not enjoying somewhat, he is open and takes the opportunity to play in our dentist and some the best toothpaste to put the pieces together to include the teeth of people outside, to hate sex, to carry out drug abuse and to manipulate and dentist doctor. There are some of the events of the year as well, the dead dog, someone who is knitting and cutting the language. Yuzna gives a film of a certain style on what perhaps is a low budget, likes to beat her camera which makes a nice horn and I love shooting where the camera is located on a man beaten with a great splatter of blood on the apartment. A good angle of high scope. <br /> <br /> Technical Dentist is good, good movies, music and production products though some special effects of renewal appear to be unacceptable. Acting is very good from everyone involved with Corbin put into good performance of crackpot. The winter style and all types Ken Foree returns as Detective Gibbs one of Los Angeles's best. The dentist did not turn out as I expected and all the best, like your awesome fan & maybe you want something different and this should look. I liked and I think it's worth an hour.
