I remember being afraid of the blood of the film when I was young, and slowly getting a little bit, until I got enough, if I am sure that many other viewers have been, so that the gory film produced in the last few years has attracted me but was not afraid or made me make it. "Dentist" turned around. It seems easy: The dentist is caused by mouth ulcers, and perhaps bodies too. However, the cunning skill is that the dentist is the main character of the film, so instead of being a good person of an impartial direction, its development is a very deep characteristic of any character and he is an adult and reliable. So the viewer feels sympathy for her and her victims, and instead of expecting the right to her coming, I found myself hoping that somehow she would find a way to cover her songs and return to normal life. <br /> <br /> What really "makes" a movie of fear is a riot. And "Dentist" does better than any film I can think of. First, the film has tons of tension, which is something that modern movie films seem to lack. In one area, a dentist is depressed and needs to see a young child for the first time. When he gets to the baby's mouth, you expect to be, for a dentist and a child, to meet the end without injury. I won't win what happens. Second, when the year comes, you are experiencing more serious nerves. Once again, I will not give you anything away. <br /> <br /> Of course, being a movie that has never heard, has errors. More importantly, it is only for fans of fear. Also, if another inspector is mentioned, by replacing only a few days, we have no history on the characters. And tension decreases slightly at the end. But in fact, the fact that we want to even know the history of the characters is evidence of how good it is, and the amount of film is strong enough that any short-term tension can be forgiven. It is amazing, after a few years having a movie movie, suddenly they want to cover my eyes before the blood. "Dentist" made me scared and worried, and for this I get my full approval.
