Dentist is very good thriller. And beautiful terrible. I think we can agree that the opportunity to run into the teeth of psychological teeth is greater than running on monsters, vampires or zombies. That's why this film is very scared. During this film, you will probably think about your dentist a few times. If he has the ability to do such things ... You better ask his wife not to lie to him. That's the story is about. A respected dentist in LA encourages him when he sees his wife cheating him and the boy. (That must be the world's greatest profession, through. Poolboys uses a regular housewife when the husband is doing his work) Since then our dentist, Dr Feinstone, can only take revenge. He cannot focus on his patients again and some of them get side effects. Things were not made easy for our dentist when he was expelled by an angry tax collector, a curious soldier and a member of the suspect's staff. At one time, Dr Feinstone can't take it again. Now it is not only after his wife but after everyone approaches. Dentist is written and led by Brian Yuzna and written by Stuart Gordon. You can take it as a recommendation itself. These 2 people have already given us a great movie (and personalized features) like Re-Animator, From More to Society. With a dentist, they can once again bring exciting and exciting. This film came in real time. The decade did not bring many awesome films so far. I don't know exactly what this is a jewel, but it's a good change. Corbin Bensen is as good as a dentist who is considered and purified. I remember him as a comedy or actor actor, but he can handle psychological behavior. The rest of the cast works well too. The woman who plays the wife of Feinstone is really interesting. Also, it was good to see Ken Foree doing again. Actor from my movie of all time Dawn of the Dead plays cop in this film. Yuzna drove from More, also 15 years ago and I thank him for that. I don't like this film for everyone (if you have a weak stomach, I will advise you to jump) but if you look at it, you will be very happy. You will be concerned ... but that's an additional reason, I think. It has been since I was released for watching the film. It is the main theme of dealing in type and Yuzna makes it in a good way. This bad film was followed by a completely unwanted sequel. My humble opinion about Dentist ... 8/10
