I thought ROTJ was quite clear in three Star Wars. I find that ROTJ is considered to be a weak barrier in Trilogy and many who have voted. For me it looked like ROTJ was better because it had a very deep plot, more doubtful, surprising, more emotionally, (especially end) and definitely the episodic movie more. I personally like the Empire faces Back too much but I think it's a little less than ROTJ since it was slow-moving, it wasn't like an episodic, and I just didn't hear a very suspension or feeling like I did with a third movie. It also looks like I have read these amazing reviews that the reasons people gave to ROTJ that the poor film for two others are very clear and are useless because compared to the high quality of the film as a whole. I've heard many strange reasons like: a) Because Yoda died b) Because Bobba Fett died c) Because the small Ewoks won the band of fighters d) Because Darth Vader was revealed <br /> I would like to debunk each of these reasons because I believe they are completely lost. First, WHO SAYS like Bobba Fett died ??? If George Lucas wanted to die, he wanted to die. Do not do wrong I am a fan of Bobba Fett but made a show that happened and not Lucas's motto to make the main character in films that fans of Star Wars made him out. His name was not mentioned anywhere in the film ... You had to go to credit to know the name of Bobba Fett !!! Judge ROTJ because a small character dies very little I think ... Second, many fans did not like Yoda die. Indeed, it was a great period in the film. I am not happy to see him die but it makes the movie real. All good can not stay alive in a real movie, you know. Otherwise if all good PEOPLE lived and ALL the bad guys died this film would be similar to the cartoon of Saturday morning. Another feature for this point about people who do not like the death of Yoda. Well, nobody complained when Darth Vader hit Obi Wan Kenobi in A New Hope. (Many feel the new hope to be better than Trilogy) Why the death of Obi Wan death is the same but Yoda is not ... hmmmmmmmmmm .... Another reason I can not just believe it was said is because people found Ewoks cute overpowering stormtroopers for it is impossible . That's absolutely foolish! I can't believe this! First, the Ewoks is on their planet's natural Endor so they know their home area since they live there. If you watch the film carefully the many techniques that Ewoks were used in the defeat of those who beat the power were using the best use of their farm farm. (Since you lived in the forest all your life I hope you could learn to use it for your benefit) They were speaking grapes, ropes, logs so that the travelers, and other traps. Traders lost much because they were too many and did not know the benefits of the forest. The only thing they had was their blasters. In addition, it was not as Ewoks were fighting with the fighters themselves, they helped them with the rebel group in the victory. I thought that if the poor were to overcome the combination of Star Wars heros, the ports of rebels, as well as the large Ewoks family and the great knowledge of their home area, this would be very great. Finally, if this area was not possible for you. What is in the Dollar behind or in the New Hope where there was a group of Han Solo group, Chewbacca, and Princess, being shot by ten fighters? and all their blasters missed when heros were in full view! And not only that, heroes, of course, always hit Stormtroopers and their blasters. Fighters should have a VERY, VERY a bad goal then! At least in the Emperor King, the Endor War was more reliable since it had two armies that fought each other without 3 warriors against the stormtroopers. Don't you believe? Check out the battle in Cloud City while our heroes survived the Lando base. Or when our heros saved Princess Leia and shot (somehow lacked) as Han Solo and Luke were trying to leave for Star Star. <br /> <br /> The last reason that I care about discussing (others are just right is very clear for me to spend my time here.) is that people didn't want Darth Vader to be revealed! In fact, in many ways that were a great part of the plot in the movie. Luke was trying to find out if Darth Vader was his father, Annakin Skywalker. It would have been disappointing if the movie had ceased without Luke seeing his father's face because he did it. By Annakin's revelation showed that Darth Vader's change had been in the dark (in his hat) and with a good man was Annakin Skywalker (by removing the hat). The point is that Annakin died while being turned on the light again and that is why the area of ​​the removal of the helmet was near. In fact, that's how I could do in the area as well as I am Luke's father ... Wouldn't you be doing if you want to see your son with your own eyes before dying and not with a hat machine? <br /> <br /> For another note, I think the desire for understanding or understanding among many people is that the client must be worse (even if it is better) that the previous movies are another reason why ROTJ is not available as many accolades as appropriate. I have never been in the film and the deception in mind, I always try to go to the film with the view that "Well, it might be better or worse than the original. But I can't know for sure. Let's see." clear and not take myself into thinking that the best film is not as good as it really was. I don't know who criticizes these movies but, I have asked many college students and adults about what their favorite movie Star Wars and they all tell me (except for one person who said that New Hope was their favorite) that is ROTJ. I believe that the results on this election are terrible and totally misleading. Under the bottom, the Jedi return was better than Trilogy. This movie was just one of three that has made me riveted all in its 135 minutes. There was no time for weight because every area was for emphasis, exciting, amazing, or all of the above. For example, the emotional clashes of the saber between Luke and his father in the ROTJ were much better than one in the Empire Crisis After any day! At the end, I hope people will go to see the risk of Phantom and open mind because if the fans will start looking for nitpicky, non-meaningful explanations (or see "just another guide") to destroy the film as "This movie explodes because Luke does not exist! " then this well-known film will be another awesome movie which will be less shocked if ROTJ is tortured by accident. <br /> <br />
