Director Brian Yuzna has had a different job in a terrible form, creating a talent such as "Return of the Dead Dead 3" or "Re-Animator Bride", but at the same time has done bad movies such as "Faust: Love for Damned" "or" Progeny "normal. He is more open in the Producer seat where his production works of Stuart Gordon has been good. <br /> <br /> "Dentist", is one of his small tasks as a director, but a low profile has a film proficiency and his lack of preparation makes a very enjoyable experience. It says the story of Dr. Alan Feinstone (played with Corbin Bernsen), a successful dentist who once realized that his perfect life is not so perfect as he thought when he saw that his beautiful wife (Linda Hoffman) had something to do with a young pool. This phenomenon bothers his mind and put him in a murderous killing as he takes revenge on the world for being "dirty". <br /> <br /> The premise is very well addressed to Yuzna, as it takes us on a journey following the day of revenge of Feinstone. What makes this movie different from many slashers is that we are not the victim's perspective, we follow Feinstone because he is the main character. We witness how he is going from a respected professional to psychological killings in the day. Yuzna can give a movie a large amount of slander but adds a good level of dark humor that helps a lot of movie. Most achievements of the premise are in Bernsen's performance as Feinstone. He can make you sympathetic and hate him at the same time, and the trick of his trick behavior has another feature that helps the film. Some of the cast are not good, and I think that their small works do more film than it is. The known difference is Ken Foree, as the detective tries to capture Feinstone. When its part is very small, it does a good job with it. <br /> <br /> For a dentist as a killer, gory events are expected, and Brian Yuzna provides a great SFX to the right amount. It is advisable to see that she can not go on-top and if she normally do, and I do not want to say that this is a film display. It has a real amount of gore that is expected, nothing less and no more. Yuzna restrained her extra self and the result was good. While this is not one of the most popular films of Yuzna, I would say it was one of the best. Of course, it is not a luxury material like its own, but it is a movie that includes and is never available. It's a low-budget film, but why, I think it was dropped. 7/10
