I remember this film especially when I was a teenager, my best friend was telling me all about this film and how he pulled him out as a child. In fact being the gal of the thirst of blood that I am, I should go and get this movie. Now I don't know how to keep this without losing trust, so I'm going to say, I was glad to enjoy this film! I know that they are stupid, not better stories and more of blood and frightening, but that's what I was looking for by Dentist announcing at risk, blood, sex, and psychological elements. Sometimes I just need a fun movie like this to let us loose and get out. Dr. Alan Feinstone has considered the procedure and hygiene. On the anniversary of his marriage, he finds his wife Brooke to have sex with their evil man, Matt. In his dental practice, the first patient of Feinstone's day is limited to Jody Saunders, there for his first dental selection. Stone stones begin to clean Jody's teeth. Everything goes well first, until he thinks that Jody's teeth are brown and decaying. Her eyes take teeth, hitting Jody in gums. Jody's mother takes her baby crying, with blood and abandons her anger. Feinstone sees his second patient, beauty queen King of April. Alone with April, Feinstone separates from nitrous oxide in order to fill the cavity in one of its molars. As he appears in consciousness, Feinstone thinks he has become his wife. He begins to kiss and beat him on the dental chair, then he begins to stir. April begins to fear and half-rise from gas. The stone water comes out of its position with the fastest blouse of April. Feinstone decides to finish the day before and send its staff and patients at home. Later that night, Brooke meets Feinstone in her practice. She opens her Italian-opera-themed patient room. Anamtia Brooke will try a dental seat of the room. While he does, Feinstone is bound to the chair and isolates him from nitrous oxide. For the best music you are calling back, it begins to pull Brooke's teeth. Feinstone has come out of the deepest point and certainly will not leave anyone standing in his way of purity. <br /> <br /> In fact, as silly as this movie appears, I was very happy to see a Dentist. The best area of ​​course is when it teaches that the bad agent of IRS the subject of purity that I am sure will never forget. Man, I do not think I have dashed my teeth after looking at the Dentist. Yes, I will warn you, this film is not in the heart of despair, it is very bloody. There are hitting, gun shots and these brutal events of torture that will help your stomach. But somehow I just enjoyed this movie, if I just wanted a good movie of the year made by real fans of fear, I hit it on my DVD player, and that's "tooth" LOL! I am very funny! Um, yes, I'm trying, give me a little loan. <br /> <br /> 7/10
