The main theme in this Red Harry is that revenge is the best dish served cold. Sandra Locke is very cool in this film as she is good. Locke is a "8" normal, but, with a deadly pistol in his loan, "slipped" to bad people, climbs to "10". After being raped, with her younger sister, a few years ago, Locke, like Jennifer Spencer, has tried to prevent attacks from her life, as she can. Her sister, tho, is almost confused as a result of trouble, so memory has never been far from her mind. One day, Jennifer sees one of her attackers on the street in S.F. he buys a pistol, follow him on the bar, allow him to pick him up, then when they alone in his cadillac, beginning to make love, beat him .... once in secret, once in the brain - this in the opening area !! The gotta love this spunky woman. He has its priorities directly. Plus, Jennifer is a professional artist, putting all his wrath on the canvas. After performing its first horn, Jennifer is amazed to see Det. Write. Harry Callahan the process of a new crime scene after the body found in Caddy. Then, he scoffs young people who are attacking women on the street, visiting her sister in the nursing home, then going to San Paolo, CA "to the beach" where the rape scene has happened years ago. With more shot in his suit and more solved in his mind, our heroine is raping her in his head by remembering clearly, for she comes closer to implement every oppressor. It is not uncommon for us, in the case of judgment or the execution of criminals, not to be sad for his own humanity, we remember the CRIME and AIDS he gave. Such incidents have been remembered that Jennifer stimulates each of his attackers - once in a secret, once in the brain. In all movies, Jennifer's revenge events are smoothly, IL 'Dirty Harry blows off several gangstas in a coffee shop, remember "Go ahead. Make my day." Later, she lives on a punk child (who would have cursed Callahan) in the elevator seat as she went on a dog ** t .... leave a young girl worker looking after Clint as saying “I want to have your baby. " My favorite park is only 30 minutes in action, when Harry threatens and fears of killing boss boss named Threlkis at the death of a death at the reception of a receptionist at a hotel in Mark Hopkins. Michael Grazzo (Pantageni in the God of God) does a good job as a singer Mafia Don, even if he is just one event, dying in a more interesting way. However, Harry's problems do not go through yet! A group of punk groups and Threlkis heads each attempt to kill Harry in two scenes close, and many of the wicked live a terrible death. Yup, some gun game comes out as a screens of unchecked screens .... look like Clint Director can be tired that day of hitting this movie. But, there are just many ways you can take someone to shoot. The punk children are more elaborate on creation, though, as they all burn up to death and stop at S.F. Bay. It blows my heart. With the intention of violence led by Insp. Callahan, his superiors send him to San Paolo to try to find a background on “22 caliber vasectomy murder” as well as Jennifer Spencer's crime is now known, but before Harry give one of his famous sermons-to-head-liberal. Love that Harry. When our hero 'persuades local and civilians in San Paolo, two more killings occur, M.O. the same, the clever fishermen, the clever and the entrepreneur of equity equipment. Then Harry meets Jennifer! They see all agree on subjects such as the Law and Procedure, Making the Right to Pay, etc. Will the fire, love event be near? We are led to believe only that. The characters are increasingly in the Real-Man game with a real male crime game, and we get to meet the brass-dyke of brassy called Raye Parkins who is persuasive and enjoyable. Raye introduced the rape of Jennifer to her "lover" before years, and she will finally finally. San Paolo Police Officer, played by Eastwood company, Pat Hingle (Hanging judge on 'Hang Em High'), is very surprised to deal with Callahan's investigating work with vasectomies 22-cal, until we see that he himself was the son of a young man was one of the fighters. Much like Jennifer's sister, Janning's eldest son is now an adult, but she is being convicted. Can't live here, though. Dyke's lover, Mick, who now has sex with kinky criminals, drives from Vegas becuz Raye dropped to Jennifer, called San Paolo to prevent further killings. Mick is sleeping at Raye's home, but his time is quite accurate, and he has been arrested before he can spend more time with Raye, especially from the fact that he has since been taken to the Island of Eternal Lesboes to shoot from Jennifer's revolver. Psycho Mick takes a long bail, and Jennifer has given a gun. Due to despair, Harry tries to put these two kill. All turns out well at the end, with a beautiful gal and a good man walking to the sun with a good song of Roberta Flack blues.
