With the feelings of many fans of "Star Wars", in my opinion "Return of Jedi" is the largest movie ever created. Since the first time I saw it, it is deep, powerful, special effects, and migration story is disturbed. The film is so well installed that it can stand the test of time over the past 20 years. He was filled with a powerful action, like the trilogy of natural origin, George Lucas gives us the finish of the "Star Wars" saga in "Jedi". The Summary Summary (Contains Spoilers For Those Who Don't See It) . Darth Vader, in the emotional crisis makes a surprise visit to the Star Star's immortal to manage the construction. The King appears first in this film as he has a final plan to destroy the Union of Reformers and bring the youth of Luke Skywalker to the Light of Darkness. Luke, Lando, Leia, Chewie, and all the droids are traveling to Tatooine to rescue Han Solo frozen from the Lord's crime; Jabba Hutt. After Han was saved, and Jabba failed, Luke returns to Dagobah to find Yoda dead where he learns the bad truth; Darth Vader is his father. Rebel heroes join Fleet's Rebels. It has now joined other forms and communities including Mon Calamari Natural must make any plan or any attack to destroy the Star of Death before it is completed. When Lando leads a space attack in the Millennium Falcon, the Rebel heroes must prevent the Star Star's generator protection on the Endor River Forest. It's here where Customs occur on furry, but the powerful Ewoks. During the two battles fought, the third battle must be done as Luke voluntarily voluntarily to Vader in an attempt to persuade him to leave the Light of Darkness. In the system of emotional indictment Luke should find the face of his father as the King motivates his dark feelings. If the little Skywalker is near his death in the hands of Palpatine, Vader returns to his bad master to save his son's life. It was filled with a timeless story of good and evil, "The return of Jedi" is an amazing, emotional film that gives us good for each of us.
