When this film was first released it was promoted by the "Unfinished" line line "Dirty Harry is again". Whatever this measure was not in nature is more than compensation for it is accurate and full of accuracy. "Sudden Effects" continues all the things that made the three old Dirty Harry movies to succeed and strengthen, forcing a force, powerful, endless characters, and bone humor. Some of these features are not only stored but are uplifted - this is the easiest, darkest, and most of the right-wing franchise phase. This plan is amazing: after killing a number of ignorance hoodlums, Auditor Callahan is sent to "vacation" for forced by its heads to the coastal city of San Paolo. He deserves to investigate the history of the recently murdered victim who was shot in the genitals before his removal (of course) for a second shot to the head. Earlier in the film, the audience is aware of the identity of a killer-killer named Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke) who is hunting a hurricane hunter who attacked her and her sister for the joy of ten years ago. This event is shown in a very exciting flashback, which appears before each new murder. If more bodies begin to be seen by the same One, it becomes apparent to Harry to be the local police chief and his new love (guess who?) They know more than they say. To make things even more complicated, one-time fighters know who draws them and starts hard work. The “Emergency Effect” provides a slow step from start to finish. Clint Eastwood explained this film by himself and uses a series of set of pieces that reach the exciting height. The performance of Sondra Locke provides an effective combination of evil and weakness that defines her character. As it has been said, it is right to ask if another actor (who was not Eastwood's typical friend) would bring more charisma and greater weight to the role- Theresa Russell and the Cybill Shepherd jump into mind as possible candidates. The supporters who support the most of their weight include Albert Popwell as a lover of Horace, Horace, Paul Drake as Mick Psychopathic, and actually-stealing Audrie J. Neenan who shows Ray badly badly. <br /> <br /> However the film has some strange problems - some of the less plans (hostile between Harry and the group of tentysomething hoodlums, the Mob vendetta against him) take a lot of time screens and they don't really have any real bear great. Their special use is to increase the number of the body to sad levels. In the first half of the film sometimes it seems that Dirty Harry makes people more frequent than he should use the room. However the film goes to the top gear as it continues with the cat game and the mouse that emerged between Callahan, Spencer, and its former victims show popularity. The second hour makes it clear that the most advanced and slightly scored screen would have given a "Sudden Effect" likely to be the first class, modern modern modernization that could take up a new level but still have more than enough .44 heroics magnum to satisfy the defenders of Harry. Instead we get a film that Eastwood and Warner Bros wanted to make a very powerful but powerful model of Honor Honor 80 which drastically declined the minds of the audience. This was to stimulate the most of the series in the box office and it's not hard to see why. Although not a film that would be, this is still great, fun and fun. Even after a regular look, it will make your day.
