In the 1971 fabric of Don Siegel "Dirty Harry", Clint Eastwood attacked an unorthodox super-cool, super-cool cinema-cop with its role of Harry Callahan's' Inspired 'Dirty'. Two settings are followed, which first, "Magnum Power", stood on the first impression of the first politics that offended many critics but the audience was attracted. The second line, "The Enforcer" was grittier again, and promoted as "Harry's dirti". This name, however, is true of the fourth film in the series, "Clint Impact" of Clint Eastwood itself, which is a totally novelty of Harry, the most brutal, most powerful and the most violent and lowest film. , and, in my opinion of humility, the second -People after the original helicopter. <br /> <br /> *** Warning! SPOILERS BEFORE! *** In a small town near San Francisco, a wonderful sexy woman (Sondra Locke) loves people to be alone with her. These men are not aware of the wonderful beauty of their former rape victims, desiring to take revenge. If it finally requires, the most fierce San Francisco soldier, General Inspector Harry Callahan, who has been suspended again by offending his officials, spends his leisure time in this little real city ... "Sudden Effect" is Callahan's film more dirty in several fields. The movie is extremely aggressive and violent. Harry Callahan himself is better than ever. She is not afraid to use her 44. Magnum to prevent trouble, Harry takes 'punks' as they should be treated and even allow a person to leave with several murders because revenge-murder is right for his opinion. Clint Eastwood is, as always, brilliant in the role of Harry Callahan. Eastwood overshadowed the bad effects as "Unnamed" in Trilogy's Sergio Leone of Trilogy, and did it again in Dirty Harry's films. "Sudden Effects" gives us the worst Harry we have seen. The true girl of Eastwood Sondra Locke is very well suited for the beauty of revenge. Pat Hingle, who had already worked with Eastwood in the west of Ted Post of the "Hang 'Em High" in West, in 1986 has the head of a small city police. The film includes many types of disgusting characters, including the bad offender played by Kevin Major Howard (known for his role in Stanley Kubrick) and a woman named Ray Perkins (Audrie J. Neenan) of course. one of the most disgusting and despicable characters in the movie. Albert Popwell, who played a bank robber in the famous "Do You Hear?" The area of ​​"Dirty Harry" and black military leader in the "The Enforcer" is also part of this again, this time as his colleague Harry and buddy. In general "Impose Sudden" is a grittiest, dirtiest and perhaps more violent than all "Dirty Harry" film, (though "The Dead Pool" is not exactly the same either), and my second favorite after a brilliant 1971 original. The most appropriate view of Callahan's fans, and is highly recommended for all sports fighters and anti-drug drugs. My rating: 8.5 / 10
