Clint Eastwood would star again like Detective-fatigue Detective Harry Callahan, but also directly enter four in the 'Dirty Harry' series. 'Sudden effect' as another addiction, brings its style and tones to differentiate, but if anything similar to nature in the dark and seed time (and gives a normal line “Continue.”) Make my day ”) but Some of his humor seems to believe. Bulldog ?? called meathead that pisses and farts. Oh yes. However this amazing fact of entering was just one in the series so you don't put it in San Francisco. The murder in which the victim was shot in the groin and then between the eyes. After entering the trouble with the head of the office and causing a trap that has the master's crime after his blood. He was ordered to leave, but it falls into the same work where he leads to the coastal city San Paulo , where the killings have been done in the vein (the gun shot and between the eyes) for its case, there he begins digging the dirt, leading to the idea of ​​the one who wants to retaliated. In order to be honest, not all who have burned on Eastwood's picking, but after watching it often almost increased on me to the point of probability of the first 'Power of the Magnum'. This well-equipped plan gives Eastwood another light to work (though it is more sophisticated as modern to take on the features of the growing vigilant at that time), literally and something punishing but very bad. It is as he tries to touch the talents of the stars and attributes associated with the character to help develop a moral and ethical framework. Its use of images is permanent, because of the least visible weather. Tons of darkness, glass lights? as the area towards the end of the western edge of the silhouette figure (Harry and his new .44 automag handgun) move his way towards the amazing prey on fishing docks. It's an amazing combination that builds fear! Combine the cooling of hauntingly with open brutality and dash of humor. It seemed to happen. Although these movies are talk, when I don't call you 'sudden rate' first, it provides a sufficient mixture and memorable lines? "You are a story in your own mind". Isn't it just to hear Harry playing a amusing shock, before pulling his piece. The action to beat when it happens is exciting and careful? The only way to go and fly by flies a bit through the flat passages. Lalo Schfrin will come back as a composer (after 'The Enforcer' had a score of Jerry Fielding) bringing a kickky methodical, which still breathes those bad cues for the color of a pleasant nature which clicked from go-go. Bruce Surtees (Eastwood Regularly) ) gets a job behind the camera (where he worked for filtering with 'Dirty Harry') and gives a lot of spectacular film to insert it back into inappropriate tracking screens, but also input the tool in that awesome period. Eastwood as a dinosaur callahan still comes punch, going beyond that you become too bright to get a job and probably show a little more than you expect from a small Callahan. This may go to a sudden change in a plot to return to Harry's quest for justice ?? I have seen that it is unusual to change the heart. In him it is a very good performance and its beauty at that time Sondra Locke Its scary horror (having rape rape with his younger sister) , it is hidden to the level of glass stability. When anger will be opened, it is tactically accurate in its results. Paul Drake is a good shock and dirt as one of the targets targeted by the Audrie J. Neenan nails under the performance of wind and great performance. These people are actually a group of people. Pat Hingle is established as Head of the small coastal city. In a small part is Bradford Dillman and Albert Popwell a very powerful (regular in 1-4 series, but under different characters). How can you forget in 'Dirty Harry'? yes he is a bank robber who is at the end of the logo "Do I feel lucky? Well, do you, punk?"
