This last entry into George Lucas's STAR WARS movies is often seen as the weakest of the votes. However, this is not to say that it is completely in the series. On the contrary. In fact, it is not as much as its predecessors and the shortest time, but the return of JEDI is still a lot to confirm the entry price. The third part of the film, where Luke and his friends saves Han from the Jabba Hutt palace, is a classic. Jabba, the true blob of disgusting meat, who speaks in his own language, not only makes a good man, but also memorable. It should be a dream to create this great puppet, much less to give it a spark and the life we ​​see on the finished product. In fact, what makes this sequence of fun is the clever use of sticks to various members of the Jabba court, including fear of fear, attack and fear of the monster of Sarlaac. It builds with skill at its peak and draws the punch at all times. Things get a little slower next to the second act, where Luke realizes that he and Leia are associated with blood and when we plant the wild Endor, the home of the cuddlesome but powerful Ewoks. Many complaints about the return of JEDI which I have read seems to be based on these furry creatures, to somehow destroy the voice of saga. I don't really agree with that, though this time you have played longer than you should. However, their leader, Wicket (played by Warrick Davis) are well-remembered, and look at how to handle the Imperial Army and their common, natural weapons that make a good difference. we come to the third act, though, the speed is rising again, when we strike between the Ewoks war against the soldiers, Lando and Natural Power have launched an attack on Half Half of the half of the half of the Empire, and the end of Luke's end and Darth Vader and King. The last relationship with the Jabba Palace series as a model of the movie. Mark Hamill stimulates his array of events once again like Luke Skywalker in these events, and seeing him as Jedi Knight that has fully performed performs a memorable performance. Also, as the iconic as the voice of James Earl Jones as Darth Vader is, he is the only opponent and the lost King, like a crone, played with a raspy taste, and terrible horror by Ian McDiarmid. The tension between this trio increases the excitement of this emerging, ideal for dark and insistent. STAR's films have always set specific rates, and technical work at JEDI can easily hold lighting for its predecessors. The battle of space space is as exciting as ever, and the fastest cycling track through the forest is a barrier. Of course, due to the fact that this film was made after the new HOPE and EMPIRE INFORMATION, perhaps it should not be too surprising that special effects have reached the highest level of quality. Acting is a typical STAR WARS fare; Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher all grow mature and strengthen their roles, and Anthony Daniels provides much more time as C-3PO. Frank Oz's Yoda order just appears in two cases, but it does more. And yes, there is also the music of John Williams. They all told, when the return of JEDI decreases slightly in the middle, the first and third acts provide a style, and thus makes the finale satisfactory. one of the great saga ever. In 1997, George Lucas relinquished the warfare of STAR warfare in "Special Editions" which were returned to the digit, which had additional and / or shots as well as some additions. Of the three, the return of JEDI seems to have caused more shocks by STAR WARS fans. Perhaps it may be because of the outside area (even if it is very helpful) "Jedi Rocks" the music number at the Palace of Jabba, which, though surprisingly amazing, undermines the flow of the film. However, I was like the last montage events where we see the celebration of the triumphs on various galaxy planets. This DVD version includes more - we see more than last events (especially in Naboo, where we hear what looks like Jar Jar Binks shouting, "Wesa free!"), And, why maybe the most dramatic changes, Hayden Christensen like The specter of Anakin Skywalker in closing events. Perhaps due to the edge (and the right) they despise the fans to have some of their shaky work in EPISODE II: THE SECRETARY OF EXPOSURE seems to be inevitable that the fans would set this version down for it alone. However, if you look at the STAR saga for a while (and reflect on it), you may have a little different response. However, it is a matter that fans have promoted, so maybe it's better to warn ahead. <br /> <br /> As good as it will have Lucas to release the original versions of these three classic films, he still stands for what he said about this revolution to be "versions" of his classic trilogy, and, while watching movies SAR STAR SARs like a full saga (like Lucas was planned), it is really worth keeping them professionally and naturally. The original films will be recorded in our records, but these new exercises are very interesting, if one can give them a chance.
