Director / Clint Eastwood's "Impact Sudden" is an exciting addition to "Dirty Harry" series - a mixture of film and magic magic. It is very interesting and fond of a part, brilliant and common in others, forcing, strengthening. There are many echoes of the first film here - shoot 'em up "Make my day" scene remembers "Do you feel lucky" one of the criminals is as viscerally repugnant as Scorpio the first film, the actress who played Baddie in the first one returns here as a lover of Harry - in the name of just a few. <br /> Harry Callahan still struggles with up-ups in the department, still means, still tough, but now older and vulnerable. His constant disputes with his chiefs are an example of his internal crisis - respect and respect for the law against the desire to serve the pure spirit of justice, two things are not always the same. "Competition" is the basic headline of the series. The first film has given a simple question, "What about the rights of the victim?" - Are they more than those criminals? Vice otherwise depends?). The answer to the film was controversial, leading to a very good man ("Magnum Force") that decided to draw a line between Harry's brand of justice and pure, unselfish. Dirty Harry, like many other Clint functions, is a humanitarian retaliation, a defender of the barrier. However this movie brings back the victim, in this case Jennifer (shown by Sondra Locke), who decides to take revenge on herself and her sister who cannot be worried by hunting violence and practicing ritualistically men (and one woman) who committed a crime. It doesn't have to get into the play-and-play of the whole movie, I will say this - I explained earlier that "A sudden effect" is facing the first film - it also actually feeds a little bit of references and jokes from the entire series ( The combination of the last name of the captain is typical - for prank purposes, I believe). The relationship between Callahan and Jennifer is good - has our hero hero of the violence sought out a spirit partner in this lady vigilante? And is he consciously or victim standing right for him and his sister's rights destroyed? The exchange between these two at the end of the film is a series of poetry series, which I personally (as a fan) discovered completely. The last part alone makes the Impose Sudden maximum valid for "Dirty Harry" collection, the perfect answer to the current crisis in the first film. (Not knocking "Blood of the Dead" - a very good movie had a good heartwarming still encompassing Harry Callahan, rather than a film that defines a character like this. well in the cinema - viewers at Era Reagan got Harry and his absolute ilk, and the President himself frequently quoted "Go ahead, do my day."
