It is amazing to see a film where some parts work very weakly (if compared to other films in his heritage), and others in a 'small plot' or a supportive story are amazing and powerful. Impact suddenly is one of these events, where Clint Eastwood as a star / producer / director shows when he can be better, or a little time to deal with a crime / secret / detective story in his popularity of Dirty Harry. We find that 'do my day' line, and un-like in the first film where his speech 'I feel lucky' was to play with the first winter and the second time the hardest like nails, here is closed. He enters into another attack by the department, as usual, when he tries to combat crime 'his way, especially with the theft of dinner (Pulp Fiction inspiration) and fast tracking and bus masses. He told 'take a holiday', and that's the last thing in his mind. All this plan is not to lobby away from the expectations of stories and lines, which only adds frustration. But recently his story connects to the small plot that Eastwood grows from the beginning. <br /> Insert Sandra Locke's character, Jennifer Spencer, whom we will learn after some of the events (appropriately) of the secret that she and her shy sister were victims of sexual abuse, non-sexuality (offense, rape rape) , and it's sleekly-like-revenge, revenge. His performances and stories are the most powerful parts of the film, the most intense, and finally the story of Callahan (gets the truth in the little town he is in the assassination), finally the film gets a glimpse of Eastwood's best kind of good and bad (although sometimes not sure, be sure). East movie film Westwood, not to say too much about them, expert, in a clean, experimental style; The color symbol of Lalo Schifrin logo is quite atmosphere in these events and to others. It almost seems like how often the art of the gallery has entered the style of describing the story of Eastwood solid, which helps make the film appear. <br /> <br /> It is a shame, however, ultimately it goes beyond the expected expectations (or maybe not expected), and until the third act Callahan does not have much to do unless its size is smith ... Wesson ... and me 'shtick. However, with Locke gets a very good performance (more than a trick and touching more than one in Gauntlet) and an exciting peak in the amusement garden. The way I do and do not agree with Ebert's view that is like 'music video' in Eastwood style here. I agree there is a comparison of all humility, transparency, but events where Eastwood breaks the form is better than any music video. It is cheesy, it's hard-rounded, not the same as the first two pictures of 'Harry', but hey, there may be a bad way to spend several hours with the master of .44.
