After the "Star Wars: The New Hope" clarified the science fiction, and the "Dollar faces" translated "Star Wars", it is difficult to believe that the third and final film of this trilogy can manage to be as good as the other two, but this works good. The first part of the film is looking for the left and the right side, and the appropriate escape plan that takes into account the strange doubts and the first two stages of the film. Then the film goes back to the rebel party and what's going on in the war. There are many stages in events arising from the final struggle of rebellion with the King. When the war begins, viewers are already on the edge of their seats from everything leading ahead of him, and this last battle is greater than that of other films. This end is more obvious to action than any other part of the trilogy, which is more dangerous for rebellion. This shifts between the world war between the terrorist workers on the ground (including Han Solo, Chewbacca, and Leia), the battle that takes place (including Lando), and the struggle between Luke and the King on the death of a new death, which leads to another petition by Darth Vader. It is very intense since the rebels always seem to be losing the war that will determine the outcome of the war, and there seems to be no escape. Although I think the ideas of the most powerful suppliers of power are too small, it has not been fake because they had more restrictions that the rebels could use, rather than a real threat to the fighters, although they had some chance to fight them. There is also a moving or two end that no one has seen coming, which may not be as strange as that of the "Empire Goes Back", but still do a very trilogy very interesting. With the sound of the "New Hope" and the sound of the sinnister more than the "Dollar facing", this film completely covers them by combining two in this great finale. A special edition of the "Return of Jedi" focused on what would be good to change, since it was not the original amount required. Fifteen years of technological advancement was not seen for fifteen years of deterioration such as the rancor area involved, and there is still a TIE fighter who has been lost, but more than that was good. Sarlaac's threatening mouth was given a barrier to walking and a huge headline flying, which has caused confusion. Also, the disco was taken out of Jabba's palace, and the last end of the original was replaced by a great triumphal march around the whole galaxy, rather than the small village of Ewok, which was original and had no end to this great story through that's worthy. It is difficult to say which is the best film, but since it is part of the same story, the top-all trilogy is like a great one, the best film. THIRD must see for film fans.
