For a long time, vigilante has been worried for the audience, because it impresses the sense of quick, sure; the good overcomes evil and the evil man finds his desert. In fact, it is one of the things that has made the habit of Dirty Harry Callahan (as played by Clint Eastwood). He carries the badge and works within the law, but with the heart, Harry is vigilante, doing his right 'way,' which often puts them into conflict with his own chiefs, as the criminals he chases away. But what motivates the audience; anyone who has ever been infected with legal freedom of one type or another, is happy to see someone using a red tape and proceed with it - even if it's just a screen. And that satisfaction derived from justice is done - and quickly - it's one of the factors that make 'Impact Sudden,' directed by the Eastwood star, succeeded. In this one, the fourth of the series, while doing the suicide work, Harry meets with good care of the work - a man whose right scores resemble his own, with one exception: Whose is, they do not bear badges. In his inappropriate way, the Inspector Callahan has completed the worst side of the department and ordered to take it during the holidays. So he does; just as 'Evil Harry' can. In a small town in northern San Francisco, Harry finds himself with a dab in the middle of a murder case, which soon involves a recent murder in San Francisco because of M.O. employed by the offender. Then, Harry is faced with opposition from the local police chief, Jannings (Pat Hingle), who advises him to take his approach to the city's major approach elsewhere. However, no one is prevented, Harry continues his investigation, which ultimately involves a fine and talented artist, Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke). Gradually, Harry finds the relationship between the victims; The question of burning, however, where does Jennifer Spencer get involved with this picture? <br /> <br /> Eastwood is located in the top form here, front and back of the camera, and of course it's better than five-film series, back to the 'Dirty Harry' original. It was seven years since the last 'Harry' (`The Enforcer, '1976), but Eastwood returns back into character with a new power. And this is appropriate to have a chairman's seat, because he has the ability to restore the nature of his character, but it is a "spirit" that made these films fit, and he does by knowing the location and the continuous continuity of all but erasing the seven-year gap As with all the films that he directs, Eastwood sets a deliberate speed that works well with this material and includes enough tension to develop it and involve it from the start to end. <br /> <br /> Screenplay, and Joseph Stinson, is well written and made in a different form of 'Dirty Harry'; The talk is snappy and the story itself (conceived by Charles B. Pierce and Earl E. Smith) are the most involved since the original "Dirty Harry", as it struggles to play on the personalities of the spectacle, rather than actually on stage. The characters attract and influence, and of course, this is one of the best films of Harry: 'Go ahead - make my day ...' <br /> <br /> Like Harry, Clint Eastwood involves all the things that make it This character is widely known: He lives by the principle of personal values, a true man made of the kind of things we seek as those of the founders who put this country and make America what it is today. Harry hides the feeling of freedom and justice we all struggle and hold so dear, maybe more today than ever before. Regardless of who we are or where we come from, there is a negative feeling for us that he wants to be Harry, or at least be with him. `Dirty Harry 'is a symbol of movies, and it is impossible to see anyone but Eastwood shows; for better or worse, Eastwood`s' Dirty Harry, without question, as Sean Connery is James Bond and Basil Rathbone, Sherlock Holmes. Sondra Locke works here in the role of Jennifer Spencer, the young woman is wrong and out for revenge, or as she sees, 'justice.' He can make a difficult decision imposed by his behavior, by means of persuasion, which describes what is far beyond what is 'action'. Even in the midst of violence, Locke continues to focus on Jennifer and the bad events that have brought her to this stage of her life. His description helps perfect for Harrywood Eastwood, and it is, in philosophy and action, something of his fellow. <br /> <br /> In support tasks, two exhibitions have been seen: Paul Drake, like Mick, builds a 'psychological' since the Andy Robinson's powerful demonstration of the original 'Dirty Harry'. In fact, a little bit of screenshots, Drake puts the real presence of the most reliable and convincing presence, greatly enhancing the audience's visceral response. This is the boy you can't wait to see Harry will be concerned about the end. Also effective is Audrie J. Neenan, who performs his character, Ray Parkins, an example of a less proverbial life, 'which can be found in any bar in any city. It is a performance that makes a response to the level of the gut, and it greatly enhances the fidelity of the film, as it helps to give a sense of originality. <br /> <br /> Assistance includes Albert Popwell (Horace), Mark Kevloun (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Ms Kruger). With a full mix of game and game, 'Impact Sudden' provides the right which is a perfect monitoring from reality; the full right of the imperfect world, which makes a satisfying experience of movies. 9/10.
