Who says zombies can not be converted into important community members? Certainly not the "Fido" creators, which takes us to the never-ending version of the 1950s where the undead has been turned into pastoralists and servants in the middle class. Timmy Robinson is a whole American boy who is actively involved in a new home home - a recently resurrected zombie that Timmy has called Fido to love. All of this has been possible with Zomcom, a big brotherhood that has found a way to give the zombies (who were originally brought "life" and radiation from at least) that can manage and make it - at least over time. <br /> <br /> This day of loss, the modern day comes on the TV series "Lassie" - it is possible to easily become "Boy and His Zombie" - takes slyly satirical swipes in the same as before '60s like to consider social status (here-put-and-Joneses means having more than zombie servants than people near the door), gentleness of urban life, control of civil society, corruption of the small town and family values nuclear - all played out in a well-planned setting of colored houses and well-designed leaves. The movie does not hit the audience on the head and its message does not participate in the endless hyperbole to produce laughs. Instead, this is a low satire, a subtle trick that leads to a delightful beauty rather than perfect guffaws. Huge humor occurs with the controversy between the balance of the set and the perspective of the fighter against death shown by the good citizens of the community (Life Magazine has been changed by Death Death). In spite of other violent violence, the movie remains true to the spirit of guilt which we are generally engaging in the 1950s and the awesome low-budget movies that were a major part of the pop-up culture of ten years. > K'Sun Ray, Carrie-Ann Moss and Dylan Baker love each other and are as fascinating as Timmy's eyes and parents of cleaning (with little grudge), when Billy Connolly does a great job of bringing the humanity to a deep and deep-rooted role for dead of the resurrection. This is the "Lassie" that could have been the best friend of Timmy who was suffering rabies.
