In the "Shaun of the dead" of eternity, we are brought to London where slackers and strong and powerful people are forced to fight with the meat, forcing versions of their friends and family. At the end of the film, it is recommended that zombies are offered without discrimination and serve as cheap work. "Fido" gives us epilogue and "Shaun" set in 1950, for hilarious witty and original "what-like ...?" movie. <br /> <br /> film installed after zombie-apocalypse, for change; after the fear of the Battle of Zombie, it ended with the creation of the ZomCon company and their copyright collars that make the corpses like the cows. Every city in the world is locked away from the Wild area, once fertile land has been broken by the living zombies and the war left from war wars. The most unusual city of Willard is your typical, suburbia, and one small difference; The social situation is measured by the amount of family of domestic zombies. Unfortunately, the Robinson family does not have any zombies, because of their fathers, Bill's, fear of the dead again. Timmy Robinson and her mother Helen are all struggling with urban life, until the day Helen buys a zombie servant for a great effort to attract neighbors. <br /> <br /> Zombie finds Timmy's love when he saves him from a pair of violent attackers, and two makes his opponent's "boy-and-dog" collateral ... boy and his zombie. Timmy calls his "Fido", and soon becomes a relief to both Timmy and Helen's prison-like routine Bill has introduced them. But when the internal fido into the collar goes to the fritz and he eats elderly Mrs. Henderson, Robinsons should have their relationship with the sudden tragedy of wild zombie and can still put their beloved Fido. The scary and satirical film film only carries as much as its all-starred stars (including "Carrie-Anne Moss as Helen Robinson and Billy Connelly as Fido)," Fido "is a com-com for years. - for example, the sweet and unstable emotions that Helen and Fido start with each other - with the poignant definition of the suburbia 50 and the zombie type, the film can bring bad (and better) in its characters while still being able to care for them. br /> <br /> "Fido" is, by far, one of the best comedies I have seen, one of the best films that I have seen for a long time, and the best kom-com since "Shaun's dead".
