In the 1950s, where the outbreak of the undead (caused by the incredible 'dusty space') has been given through the use of special electric collars, the slower man, Timmy, finds a friend in Fido (Billy Connelly), his zombie family found recently. Fido is quick to Timmy's father, whose real father cannot show his love for his son (or a hot-to-trot wife, played with gorrieous Carrie-Anne Moss) being injured psychologically as a child (when she had to beat her own father, who tried to eat him!). Timmy runs a hurtful place, however, when his putrid collar goes around, he visits and kills an elderly neighbor. With the authority over Fido's election, the problem of drinking and a pair of domestic attackers, and his mother making a bond with their support of an undead house, Will Timmy hold his new friend found? Thinking takes all the zombie player, Fido is a comedy, entertaining comedy that should appeal to anyone who has a little fun feeling. Taking a zombie line Romero and placing it in the 1950s a small US city is a stroke of the mind, and the result is just one of the most original films of all the 'revival' themes I have seen. <br /> <F / Connelly's Fido is a zombie cinema worthy to be incorporated in the Undead Movie Hall of Fame, with the Dead Day of Bub, the Return Of The Living Dead Tarman; not often I feel sympathy for a corpse, but the performance of Big Yin is so nice that I have found the root of a large blue bag! Some of the cast also offer a spectacular show, with young K'Sun Ray (like Timmy) and Ms.Moss who are eligible for special talks ?? Ray, because, for one less, sets in a definite change, and Moss because he is so bloody fun! <br /> <br /> This is the third film of a zombie that I have watched this week (some have a certain weakness of Planet Planet and the most fun of Dead Dead), and, to my surprise, is also the best. Director Andrew Currie has given fans of some kind of natural nature to be a treasure and a talent to look after. 8.5 out of 10, planned up to 9 for IMD.
