Indeed, I didn't know what to expect when I saw Fido's coverage, honestly when I saw in the video store I was tempted to rent this movie, but nothing about it has taken my inspiration. But when I looked closer to Netflix, they were announcing this as mad as I loved "goofy" horrible movies, so I just thought to give a shot. I am so glad that I watched, this was just a beautiful movie, it was quite hilarious and so charming look. As I said, it is Pleasantville meets the dead of the dead, it's just a fancy, what happens after the attack of mega zombie? As we see in another zombie player, Shaun of the Dead, are happy to make the zombies left as "helpless" citizens. This is a very horror / comedy movie, I think many people had been hit by Shaun's Dead that this got a boot. But it's a good story and cast was perfect and it has made this a very realistic movie. <br /> <br /> In the world of the 1950s where radiation from space has made the dead become zombies. This radiation still undermines humanity, as all those who die after the original dirt turn to the undead. To continue to live a normal life, communities are closed with the help of a Zomcon organization. Zomcon provides collars and accompanys remote control to control the hunger of zombies to the body to use them as slaves or servants. In the town of Willard, the housewife, Helen, buys a zombie despite her husband's bill's zombie phobia. Their son, Timmy, a zombie friend, calling him "Fido". One day Fido's goals and kills their next neighbor, who returns to be a zombie. Timmy "kills" nearby zombified. When a pair of domestic attackers are criticized for a lost neighbor, they take Fido and Timmy. Helen comes and saves Timmy and Fido from attackers and they try to forget about the whole thing. Several days later, the neighbor's body is found to be killed after Fido, who has been taken to Zomcon where the public is told he will be destroyed. Timmy learns through a friend that Fido works only at the factory in Zomcon. Timmy puts help with help from his neighbor and a zombie partner in hopes of getting Fido back. <br /> <br /> I highly recommend this movie if you have the opportunity to see it, it is so quiet but much fun. Billy Connelly did a good job like Fido and actually brought, no planned pun, a lot of life within the character. I think the event that made me laugh more was when Timmy played an old woman who Fido attacked and killed, her last words to her was so amazing, "you're not very good, but you loved flowers, so?" Say to mention a neighbor and a zombie partner, sick, worried, innocent, but laughing. I still love him though this is as a kind of departure to Beaver-esquire of the world, there is still a lot of gore in the movie. So if you have a chance to see Fido, take, I have promised a good laughter. <br /> <br /> 9/10
