Once I heard about this film I knew I was looking at. Well, I heard about it, then I saw the trailer. After that, I knew I had to see it. And I am very happy. Want to see a common television mixed with zombies? No? Then lost. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a different movie with anything that I have ever seen. Well, in fact, what kind. It's kind of a part of Lassie and a Zombie film. Although together, it feels quite new and original. FIDO is about a young boy named Timmy and Fido his new animal. Well this new pet is not a parakeet of squawking or puppy of highly potty training. It's a boy who died again ... zombie. The heavy rains of the Earth came into the world that led to the rise of all the dead, which followed the battle of the Zombie. Although through the skills of Reinhold Giger, the scientist of ZomCon, he discovered that if he will destroy the brain, the zombie will perish, thereby giving us the edge and win in the Battle of Zombie. Although due to long-term radiation, anyone who dies becomes a zombie. Which can be a problem especially for the elderly. Although Zomcom is increasing and more successful, especially for the Internal Collar. Kola prevents the zombie need for a human body and makes it guilty as a pet. But not all is perfect in this Zombie Utopia, broken belts, the elderly die and .... well I'll let you look this incredibly unique fuzzy. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a wonderful idea brought by fruit. By whipping all the stars, and the big writing FIDO comes higher in the form of comedy / horror. There's a lot of funny and original situations that really had me entertain. Although after watching the film, I personally think the movie would be better in black and white. When less than 90 minutes, the movie does not go very long and moves from the scene to the event at a good rate. It's probably you'll end up being a cult-class of kind, for it's really not laughing with loud comedy or even horror movie. It's a comedy film / family / zombie embedded in the 1950s vibe. If you thought anything I said here it was interesting to all the way to watch this film out. But if you're still on the fence, swing your foot back again and stay there. 8.5 out of 10
