When it comes to creating the world George Lucas is an unfair master and his last Star Wars film is very good, and most suitable for comparison to the previous two films in the previous saga. After seeing Sith's revenge it actually puts this film to view. The last battle seems even more to know what Anakin Skywalker went through the hands of the King of hands. It also makes the final battle between Luke and Vader more bitterly based on the love he felt for Padmé and the love he felt for his children. True when the new film (especially Part II) is inferior to the original films is suitable for only one reason. They make old films look good. Mark Hamill does a unique job in this film. In fact it brings Luke's move through the actual appearance. For all rights I believe that he should be a great actor according to these films because he does a very good job. Harrison Ford is still good. However, you may feel that you have made the Raiders and the Mamba Player in the last two chapters of Star Wars because it seems to have slightly increased. Adds more comedy (clear from the Raiders) to a character that works with care. For a while Han Solo is much better than ever. Carrie Fisher was never a good actor but is doing a good job and certainly possible. Ian McDiarmid looks at this film and after seeing Section III I can safely say that he is one of the most accomplished criminals ever. James Earl Jones still sounds for Vader and is still very good. How the film appears to be very safe to say that the Star Wars world looks better than in the previous movies (two) but this was always Lucas' forté so it's really expected. The end of the end against Endor has been done well for both the effects of the general and intellectual tension. It was also a good touch that Lucas decided to have three wars at the same time as it added to the general peak tension. The only thing I feel is to draw a movie down from otherwise deserved 9 is Ewoks. These tiny creatures are sad almost everywhere they are. Besides I see that a little bit of teddy bear with a bow and arrows can win the Troopers of the storm and laser guns and big machines. br /> <br /> All in Jedi's return is a very good movie but the fact that Richard Marquand is a much less successful director than Irvin Kershner does that feel the total of the movie is less brilliant. Also the stupid decision of George Lucas to add Ewoks to the world is making the film not available wisely. <br /> <br /> 8/10
