A year or more ago, I was watching television news when a story was announced about a zombie film made in my area. Since then I have been very impressed with this film called 'Fido' after finishing the production and playing on the ceremony. Two weeks ago Fido started playing in my theater. And, just yesterday, I read a newspaper article that said Fido did not attract the audience to their release, except our theater. In fact, here is the departure from all other exhibitions in the Paramount Theater, including 300. Of course, this means if most citizens want to see their city on screens or see themselves riding around a zombie. And for other locals who have not seen Fido yet but consider, I can say there are many pictures on the screen, from school to the city beach to the banned area, which you will recognize. In fact, it makes the Okanagan Valley look beautiful. That's the right scenery beautiful in a zombie movie! However, Fido itself is a very good movie. Yes, in spite of his mistakes, it is better then more than 20 movies playing in the domestic market. Fido is well described as part of Lassie which collie has been taken by a member of the undead. This is the Power of Power. With the movie even goes further by using the advantages of 1950 to insist on following and playing on the cold-war paranoia that has led to McCarthyism. Additionally, it creates on the idea that zombies can be beaten or taught which George Romero founded the First Day of the Dead. K'Sun Ray has a little town boy (Carrie-Ann Moss) desires a zombie servant to be like his other house on his block. However, his father (Dylan Baker) is opposed to the idea as he once had to kill himself 'zombie father'. Finally, the family gets a zombie called 'Fido' (played by Billy Connolly), and it changes the life and the undead. Billy Connolly inspired casting. He can give Fido chaos, lust, hatred, and loyalty through his eyes only, the body to strengthen, and grunts. Connolly shows that he can play the characters that are less effective than his arrogant ones. This is her best role since Mrs Brown. Fido follows in the footsteps of other recent obstacles such as Shawn Of The Dead and Zombie Honeymoon. Being a Bruce Campbell and Misty Mundae's film more than Eli Roth and Jigsaw, I prefer a little more of a gore in my fear. However, I understand the criticism of these terrible fans who feel that there is no 'enough' for Fido. However, I am sure the patient's audience will be rewarded with humorous films. It is as if the authors were written in a beautiful cluster of local zombies in the 1950s, they forgot about the story of stories. However, due to my interest in the awesome comedies and thanks for seeing the surrounding area on the screen, I measure Fido 9 out of 10.
