Long ago, in the galaxy far, far ..... There was a boy who was only two years old when the original film "Star Wars" was released. He did not remember first to see the movie, but also did not remember life before him. He remembers the first gift of "Star Wars" he found ... the shoe box of action from the original. He was very limited to fully understand how the gift would be special. But many years later, he would find what this day goes down as one of the best gifts he has ever received: another box full of step-by-step figures, ten of the last twelve he needed to complete his collection. Now it is a story in the boy's family how the last required figure, Anakin Skywalker, stopped producing and done in the mall, and how the boy went for ten years (until he went to college) trying to track one and finally bought from someone on his floor the dorm for the bag of beer nuggets (do not ask ... is the object of the University of Northern Illinois) I can not pass the "Star Wars" as a film. It represents everything good, beautiful and magical about my childhood. There is no separation from my ideas from Christmas, birthdays, summer and winter. In winter, my friends and I will build snow snow and pretend we were on Hoth (I was always Han Solo). The father of my friends built a dug house, and it was like the village of Ewok. They also had a large pine tree which the lower branches were enough to form a cave under it, and this made a big spot to make us a Yoda home. I am unabashedly dorky when it comes to "Star Wars" and I think people either just understand that or they don't. I did not get an "Lord of Rings" or "Star Trek" but I understand the friends of the fans who follow them because I am a bright fan of George Lucas. do not feel the need to defend my views of these movies as some of the greatest moments. Every time I put them in a DVD player, I feel like I am eight years old again, when life was easy and a big problem I was explaining how I was going to monitor the Anakin Skywalker figure. <Br /> <br /> Bridge (for whole trilogy): A +
