The view is good. Since the release of the "Star Wars Episode I: Phantom Menace", claims and claims to deal with how the II and III event will have been examined the 'Star' films of 'nature', making them a part of the whole coalition, rather than copying The old and new films in different trilogies. What new films have made is to allow fresh views to be put on old films. This new view enables us to identify more of what has often been considered as the weakest of the original trilogy: "Return to Jedi". They are often disgraced because of their 'good', ROTJ means to be as strong as the original and surprisingly less than the nearest “Empire faces”. Certainly the 'cute' ROTJ feature, Ewoks, remains a weak link in the entire series. George Lucas laid furry midgets in the film only for the potential of the product? Only he can answer that question. <br /> <br /> The best reason, the film is a perfect circle and saga reform. Tracking from the conclusion of the "Challenges Dollar", Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) pursues his friends of the Rebellion Rebellion to Tatooine, his home planet, to rescue Han Solo (Harrison Ford), a pirate of a transformed hero Rebel who was captured by Jabba Hutt for additional debt. Skywalker is a man who has changed since Tatooine and Ben 'Obi Wan' Kenobi (Alec Guiness) to fight against a bad Empire. Now he drove them all out in black, the discovery of Luke of his nature caused him to be confused and burst. His psychology includes not as strong as his outward appearance would show. While he may always want to help his Rebel friends, he longs for another chance to deal with the evil Darth Vader again, despite his uncertainty if he will destroy him or finally turn to the Light of the Rain and join Vader on the King's side. Sc /> <br /> Early events in Tatooine are surprising, from the Jabba clan, to his home around the 'Sarlac' - an intenstine in the sand. Lucas' CGI tablets on film in 1997 are actually far more serious than Sarlac's effect, making it fake and excessive. The battlefield in Tatooine is ideal, and is one of the most memorable of the saga. Luke is very close to Jabba and his players, confirming his ability as Jedi is now almost perfect. <br /> <br /> When Luke returns to the Degobah system to visit the patient's Yoda once more, the viewer is dropped by a lack of Yoda playback. Of course, the star of the "Empire Goes Back", all Yoda has been opened from the story as the development of Luke's guide is on the screen. <br /> <br /> ROTJ really is Luke's film, maybe even more than before. His journey carries the movie while walking around with his struggle with Darth Vader and his destiny. Other Rebel characters are working in its shadow. The love between Leia (Carrie Fisher) and Solo is all but does not exist, unlike "Empire". In fact, only Leia's character is designed in ROTJ, Solo's character seems to fall as the characteristics of her personality have been very popular in the first two films. Their responsibilities are sent to work together with the new Destination Star New Star which is about to be completed. This time the King himself leads the final stage of construction. The dollar expects to lose the rebels once and for all, when the King himself plans to bring the current Skywalker power to his side to work with (or is that position) Darth Vader. The king is a different kind of evil for this film, under deception than Governor Tarkin (Peter Cushing) from "Star Wars", in more detail physiological darkness than anything else. He played carefully with Ian McDiarmid, the King is one of those characters you like to hate. All other executives are well placed in their roles. Hamill is shocked as Luke is more interested, doing the development of his character from a young boy, a patient student with a single light of a series of progressive character. The role of Ford is a good fight, as all its charm and charisma were found in the first two films - was the REAL star of the first film after all. Leia's Fisher is more responsive, at least the end of the film where he learns about himself that he was not sure about ... Add to favorites like Alec Guiness like Kenobi, Yoda and Chewbacca's lovely, C-3PO and R2D2 and series are similar and family more than cast. With the wary of the corny forest film involving Ewoks and Empire, it fits well and includes a series of three battles: on Endor, in space and on the death star, each with special effects very much. Music, as always, is brilliant and catches the mood every time. Like 'Danube Blue' worked perfectly for the "2001: Space Odyssey", the John Williams logo is a great part of the subject of "Star Wars" as a layer of light and Power. Lucas left the end opened by interpretation, for there may be many sessions. In fact sci-fi fans have created their own versions of Episodes VII, VIII and IX in their heads frequently. ROTJ works when you have the opportunity, and the best sheep of the sheep beside it is a good finish for the series. <br /> <br /> When all six events should be viewed together, this saga may be much better done. Are you ready? Adding to I part I changed the sequence of the series. That is why the "Return of Jedi" can now be viewed with a different light and given a new appreciation about 20 years after release.
