If you like horrible movies and blood and gore, tons of horrible and horrible times, the most dramatic events of death, then look elsewhere. If you like stability, evil, thought and emotion that eliminates blood aside for a real sense of fear, then Wendigo is for you. George / his wife of psychoanalyst Kim and their little child The places go to the snow country for a weekend holiday away from the city. On the way up, George refuses to stag and his car. Hunters who were following the pigs are unhappy when they find George running away. Specifically, the Otis hunter was surprised by himself. He follows the family for their vacation, making sure they see him. He is spies on George and Kim if they are having sex. He has fire through their windows and his gun when they are not at home, allowing them to discover bad holes in the windows and their walls when they return. Kim taking Miles to the drug center in the city, Miles is attracted to a small sculpture in the show case, carving in order to resemble the headman. An American man tells Miles that this is Wendigo, the spirit of trees that has a taste of the body and always has hunger. Miles takes the figure of his home, already haunted by the death of deer one day before. That day, when he and his father were going, George was shot by Miles looking through the forest and a diminished creature ... or is it just a shock, and thinking anything? Hours later, George rushed to the hospital with Miles, still locking his image, either a faint, a dream or going to a vision effort, where Wendigo returns. At this time the anger, the meat to eat god - part of the tree, part of the stag and man of part - is hunting for Otis, who has finally gone on the edge. Wendigo is a beautifully filmed film, almost entirely with the wind right with snow covered trees. Okay, so the monster itself is a kind of fake-looking, but it is a little weakness, more of the making of a real sense of tension and fear that passes through each frame of the film, and background back to silence, snow in the countryside. These exhibitions are huge, especially with Jake Weber as George and Patricia Clarkson who are worried as a good but uncomfortable wife. They are a happy couple with their part of the common difficulty, and are the strength of their relationship with their love for each other that makes this film stronger. Watching this film is often looking at home videos, so it is actually an exhibition. This video is not for everyone. Many people can find themselves completely, waiting for the Lovecraftian Beast and the ultimate revenge. We can never be sure whether Wendigo is there, as if it were in the eyes of a little child and also, later, through mad eyes. This is a more psychological game than a terrible film, but it has more than enough elements in it to satisfy fans of the trick.
