Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and Male Miles (Erik Per Sullivan) have gone to the country for the help of the winter weekend of Manhattan. Along the way, they beat the buck and caught in the snow. A group of hunters who were tracking the buck come together. Instead of helping, at least one of the hunters, Otis (John Speredakos), is mad because the accident broke the bucklers of buck. George, Kim and Miles are suffering from Otis, and even more, we learn quickly that Otis has learned where they live. At the same time, Miles is given wendigo (Hindi-changing-spirit / monster) sign and Indian who has just seen. Is Otis a psychological access to our heroes? Are there wendigos in the forest? I can see where Wendigo would have several problems that attracted viewers. It is a low-budget film, and technical barriers that show from time to time. A large part of the film, and perhaps all, is not really about the titular creature. And perhaps a terrible blow to many people, it has an amazing end, and several questions have been left unanswered. If you are faced with these expectations, you do not like films that are aimed at making you think and talk about everything that has meant, put yourself in touch with Wendigo. Personally, I would like a similar film. I often prefer to be confused. Wendigo's broadcast is directed to those who want a fast and frightening creature, where they expect a great war with some odd monster who has failed, and everything is well locked except for the opening of Wendigo 2: Return to Monster, but not this film. Wendigo is much more thoughtful and poetic than the surface of such flick creature can recommend to many people. Heck, author / director Larry Fessenden even has a character, George, reading Robert Frost. The Frost ceremony, and George's view that Frost can bring a complex picture and the outer atmosphere of visible objects, is important for the film. One of the best things about the film is its complexity. By the way, there are four different films occurring at the same time, thread from each character. In George's thread, he is not a very good or very good man in the world, and he has reproductive problems. For him, the film is true, the terrible nature of his life is worse. In the thread of Patricia, she seeks rejuvenation of her life and her family. He is a particularly psychologist refusing his problems, hoping that they will go and get better. In the thread of Otis, he even more less than his fortune than George, and George arrived in his life denotes the end "crack" in his psychological weapon. And in the Miles thread, which is more likely than the film, life is like a great poem due to the guilt of youth and the interpretation of the world. But this is a horrible story, after all, though one with the dullness of hope, and the events in the film provides an explanation of the poetry of Miles of Darkness. However, when everything is said and done, it seems to be the only one who is concerned with its stability, because of the view of poetry. Even though the film is a small budget, there is a lot of well-implemented budget expectations. Fessenden and director of photography Terry Stacey find some beautiful shots in beautiful places, and create a slide display as interesting as montages (such as cards, or Indian photo images). There are also more interesting than traditional designs, such as Miles dreams. Wendigo is more shot and modified than many major budget films. <br /> <br /> Other technical factors are good for the budget. The "Wendigo" view at the end worked for me and was appropriate. The lights were always good - there were rarely the dark treasures were not as clear as they were, but it seemed to be more problematic and the stock of the film (could be digital instead) or transfer. I thought the performances were good and more realistic (if you see them) than many films. Although I was not sure of the mark, it must be the same, or I would see it with a negative judgment. Overall, Wendigo is a very good film that deserves to be viewed without thinking, as long as you don't mind to think about the movies you watch.
