It was a very interesting experience. For some reason the greatest scientific intelligence of the 20th century has never been the main figure in the movie *. More than I can think of whether the film and Einstein in them is the CHAMPAIGN of CAESAR, where (as "deus ex ma-china") a good person is heard to clarify the facts on radio research, so that Ronald Colman should be given the correct answer after all, and in BULLSHOT where Albert head is one of the scientists and scientists who are a drug and marijuana disease and villain, with the intent to steal their machines. It is witnessed that in both cases, and in IQ, we are dealing with comedies. So far nobody tried to make a big film about Einstein's life, as John Huston's attempt to make one on FREUD and Montgomery Cliff. I think it's very difficult to find a world of mathematical equations or secrets of the field of magnetic field in an exciting conversation. But then, just three years ago Russell Crowe and Christopher Plummer did YOUR NOTICE. Maybe nobody tried it. (/ Later, after this writing, I remember the success of the YOUNG EINSTEIN comedy and Yahoo Serious about ten years ago but that's different and it was spoof.) <br /> <br /> Another surprise was The actress plays the greatest Albert. It was Walter Matthau, here to take some time away from a series of films made by Jack Lemmon in the last decade of their work. Matthau was a powerful and talented actor, in comedy and drama, but usually his comic people were different to his "Whiplash Willie" Gingrich from THE FORTUNE COOKIE. They included a few. Later they lost their criminal damage because we grew up like them, but they remained grumpy varieties. But Albert Einstein it happens to be really sweet. More like his Kotch than Willie Clarke. <br /> <br /> Playing Albert as an old elder Albert. It seems that Einstein of Matthau lives in Princeton and his nephew Catherine Boyd (Meg Ryan), and sees a powerful professor named James Morland (Stephen Fry). But Fry car needs repairs, and they put it into a car shop where Ed Walters (Tim Robbins) is working. Robbins fall to Ryan, who has loved him - but he finds that he doesn't have the intelligence that he likes. Elder Albert Elder, backed by his three friends (Lou Jacobi, Joseph Maher, and Gene Saks) decide to offer their support to Robbins and make him an unknown physicist. This will open the doors of love between him and Ryan, has given Ryan a sense and Fry does not spoil things (as he expects to do) <br /> <br /> The sky is sweet, as when Matthau and his chums rig up super physics quiz that they help Robbins cheat on (to change the position of their bodies). Finally it leads to a fictitious lie that the brilliant Robbins has built a powerful rocket ship atomic - which brings the nation's interest in President Eisenhower's figure (Keene Curtis). A pleasant comedy, with an attractive stretch to Matthau for it was not as a hyper as usual, but more than a failure.
