Do you read that it is the same, children. Michael Bay would have studied this film before making one of his "Transformers" movies, overlong, overly. "Robot Jox" is better than both and maybe less costly than "Transformers" staff spent on the Megan Fox trainer. Thanks, this small gem of the robotic, originally known to be the film who banned the studio studio of Charles and Albert Band, seems to have established a subsequent ritual after years. I agree to remember looking at VHS during the release of his first video in the 90s and although some of the Cold War-era politics were already released and at that time (only the Fortune Band that communism would fall when the film was sitting on The shelf waiting for him to open, eh?), is still a very good winter B-Movie. They don't have to do this like this again, or if they are doing, they are going to Bay and CGI items in a number that cannot fail. For those who do not know, here are the Robo-scoop: We are somewhere later and after a nuclear death, many "wars" have been banned. The disputes between nations have now been set-to-teeth (or perhaps that should be machine-o-machine-o) and one representative from each side are fighting in the great robots of the Warrior Shogun Warrior. Whatever 'bot walks away from the success of his "side". Gary Graham (who would later play the Detective Sykes in the series of "National Muslims"), plays "Achilles," the largest Robot Jock on the Market (a.k.a. good people) history. Achilles has not been released in his previous robot matches (ten being a huge number of battles before the "Jock" retired) and at the beginning of the film he faces his colleague from "Confederation" (ie Russkies!), Alexander psychotic (who is more advanced). The worst Russian "bad bad guy since Dolph Lundgren to turn bad as Ivan Drago in" Rocky IV "). The match is called to draw when Alexander violates the law and the illegal move of Robot in the last minute and ends not only the Achilles of shame, but killing a group of viewers in the business. Rematch is scheduled to complete the button, but Achilles just wants to bow, hanging on his hat and continue his life. Instead of violating the Spoiler Rules by revealing a lot more, I will only say that there are so many distractions, behind skullduggery, and other problems with Achilles and his colleagues "Jox" before the shock of the two titans of the robotic finally once again in the end. I hope I make this movie a kind of science knowledge, because it is not. "Robot Jox" is just fun. I will give them a fancy idea than your usual B-grade sci-fi movie, and although budget constraints make regular self-identification (especially in events related to ignorance of green-exposed colors), it's still the best movie The most ever occurring in the Empire / Full Moon Photos factory. The anti-robot items have been done well by the course of the old school stop / method, and the sets and clothes do not look at half a minute. King Photo by Stuart director ("Re-Animator") Gordon had definitely shot for stars with this picture. Unfortunately they did not have a pan at all (or label) but at least we got a small movie hec photo out of the program. Under the bottom: if you want to be normal and visually attacked for 2+ hours, feel free to borrow the movie "Transformers". At the end you are likely to feel like you've spent all the time watching someone else playing a video game. If you want to have a rock'em, sock'em robot a good time, take the Jox Robot instead.
