"Matador" is a beautiful red star Pierce Brosnan as an old-fashioned person who is a friendly, happy and happy businessman in the United States (Greg Kinnear) in Mexico. Although Julian saroniki (in the name of "Mr.") seems to be a "tough guy" on the face, under him is really just a nervous mass and uncertainty, someone who knows that his chosen profession has left him alone in the world and non- and love. So on his birthday, he reaches Danny, a man who has lived his life with the law and who is very interested in Julian's “extraordinary” life. In fact, two men find each other who cannot but never want them to be in their permanent, independent independence. Even though the film is too little to remember "Analyzing This" and "Midnight Run" feel pure and original, "The Matador," however, gets points for the complexity of its characters and acting quality. her. Brosnan, looking at the elderly and almost using it, tries his teeth in Julian's role in a way that he never has. Playing someone who seems to be unable to make a great relationship with another man, Brosnan is flip with a single fighter, then really with the next sympathy. He always sets us apart so that neither humor nor never fall. Kinnear is also the best as a regular investor of Joe who finds himself better at the Light of Darkness as his relationship with Julian is increasing. Hope Davis is doing a good job as a "white man," a loyal wife of Danny who, as her husband, finds himself attracted to this amazing and "dangerous" figure from a different world than he knows. Sometimes, we feel we feel that "Matador" includes something from us, not deep-depth taps of its status and foundation. Finally it feels very little, and it is also not very useful to register the effect. This may be because this is the beginning of the film film for the author / director Richard Shephard, and has never found his movie moving yet. However, one enjoys the fact that he can not go for the obvious and that he keeps carefully considering the two main figures in a piece, often solving for setting trite or laughing easy. <br /> <br /> 'Matador' is a bad comedy but generally a little entertainment which, hopefully, sign a new phase in Brosnan's acting acting.
