The advantages of the production of the most powerful Fassbinder of its talent to identify and strengthen the locus of the long suffering, the phone takes that somehow also makes like the encapsulations of the community; here, it is more, as the story takes place in Germany destroyed by war at the end of WWII, and the central character is a woman (Hanna Schygulla as Maria) who is engaged in weakness (both economic and gender) for the catapult itself on the textile level The most popular clothing. which makes brandy products like lederhosen available for ignorant workers (as he was once). Wife during the transfer of air, Maria and her new husband Herrmann are allowed to have a short star before being transported to the Russian front. In the absence, his despair is great: they spend many days at the train station, waiting to return. When he is killed, he suddenly leaves sad and takes a job as a barmaid / prostitute in the breakfast of the GI of America. When it comes back, things get a lot of things, like the situation (and its volunteer feelings) to take care of them. The message is the Assistant Fassbinder. Write a great note: 'Love is quicker than death,' but not only Mary is competing with her purity and the man cannot fail to love her, but the world with a large flow of light without the invisible light at the end of the tunnel. Fassbinder is making some sort of information on Germany after the export of the best customer, but as with all its films, I tend to block these features out and focus on the impossibility to fail to show: Fassbinder's like evoked through its characters ; its executives' as filtered through their real life relationship with Fassbinder. Taken together, his films can be unsuccessful or irrelevant to the nations, from time to time; this goes somewhere in the middle, though definitely near the end. When I didn't like much like the Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant or Katzelmacher, Maria Braun certainly has a great scope and more, I could feel her passion and real sense of human feelings.
