Maria Braun's marriage (MMB) is about a German girl (Maria) married to German soldiers (Herman Braun) just at the end of the war. After getting married for half a day and night, Herman sends it back again. To reach the end, Maria begins to work on a bar for American soldiers in particular and know the black soldiers. He got a word that Herman died before, and things went on between him and US soldiers. Herman walks on them, in bed, and after a fight with the US, Maria was killed in America. Herman agrees with the murder, he has completed a prison with Maria promises to wait for him. The country is located in shambles; one sees people leaving everything that they work for smoking. There is food shortage. It's for a short time, when you live on the fittest. Basically this film creates a view of Maria - these attitudes that allow themselves under the circumstances mentioned, as an example of losing the German soul after losing the war, and how it rebuilds. For example, Maria has the following conversation with the walker (played with Fassbinder herself); The businessman tries to give him a good copy of Kleist and says that "Kleist runs fast, does not give enough heat to the cold". Travelers' responses "That's another way to look at it. Right now, it's probably the right way". Maria meets a French / German man, Karl Oswald after entering the first train room. He chooses to be linked to Karl, "You can't have a relationship with me, I have a relationship with you". It also takes responsibility for the company, and over time it has full confidence in the company. When Karl says "I think we should just wait for a miracle" he responds "I would do miracles? Then wait". In his own words, he has been "Mata Hari's economic miracle". In many films of Fassbinder he tried to erase the psychological processes that led to social order (see Freud); in other words, he wanted to show her the camera on the cows, false social desires, pretending. The direct route Maria takes into this film succeeds to convey this ideology. For example, she calls Karl and when she takes her phone call it is the same as “I need someone to sleep with”. As Fassbinder said "feelings people felt they were not quite present and they were just a kind of sense that we thought we need to be a well-functioning community member". He also said that his films are emotionally opposed. I liked the area when Karl and Maria met in Munich's restaurant (apparently, often visited by Hitler himself). Maria appears to have control with little Karl on the bottom, such as 'Maria's loyalty' throws her out, as if she doesn't really care about the situation. Karl says "I tell myself often that I love life". Maria responds "That is a life not like we signed a contract to enjoy life and then we're going to eat and talk about food". I think this is also about the perspectives of Fassbinder on relationships, never to totally present to anyone. And why are you, if the main thing of his films is about "Love is in this category? Goods, power tool, weapon." It was said that Fassbinder is an incredible event with Maria and Betti going into expensive clothes in the ruins after the war - and these clothes are essentially an inappropriate period. What I think he wanted to show here were the perspectives, when you feel bad, that "you can always keep up with your face to look great". But, Fassbinder was not interested in perfection. Any errors made in the film can only be adjusted in the next project. Since he completed the film (approximately 4 years) how other people have smoked, it is not the only thing that this film is very bad. Peter Marthesheimer, who wrote many script, explained that Fassbinder likely had dreamed the whole area with Maria and America in the garden, one night. Hanna Schygulla is a brilliant like Maria. In particular, he only looks for the camera. In the words of Mary himself "It's a bad time for feeling, but, I would like so". <br /> <br /> There are different views about the end. After Karl died to hart attacks, Herman finally shows up. (Herman left Australia after leaving the prison, "being a man again".) After the treaty (given by Herman in half), Maria agrees to install the gas on the stove while reducing her cigarettes, and beat Herman up. For me it is obvious that it did just by accident. At the same time, he must be standing when his dreams finally appear to happen. He should be as if he was no longer. He felt like he had left himself.
