Maria Braun got married in the fight around her husband Hermann. The explosion burst through the building, starting with, and he and Hermann had to sign papers on a bunch of trouble on the street. Maybe this can attract as a heavy example to what comes: marriage on rocks, to say. It is difficult where a husband goes to war and happens to a Russian prison camp, unbenownst for a helpless but proud and arrogant, who continues to stand with a problem with a train station while others get home, others don't, and a sign waiting for him Hermann. The problem arises, as is done in the melodramas of Rainer Werner Fassbinder, and as one of the best and most powerful, we see as Mary (Hanna Schygulla who can not be very good in this role) will come to make two face: she'll stand with her man, even as it works in the bar for American GI and even yet after hearing his fellow soldiers that Hermann is dead still standing with him as he sleeps with the black GI and comes close to bearing his child (ie, usually, until he gets again and killed happens and takes rap to he might be safe), or he works for a German businessman (the effectiveness of Ivan Desny) and that his grandmother and plant stars in the company. Mary will do whatever is needed to succeed, but she will always be married. It is difficult to say there is nothing about Mary that is not interesting. Money, sex, power, all of these can interact with Mary. She is like a woman who has her cakes and eats with a cheerful smile: she gets a husband, more or less (really very down until the last ten minutes of the film) when she gets things - someone giving her at any time can be, new and costly. The big house for the servants, the secretary, the money- that others around him do not get due to already having someone too weak in the place of climbing anywhere (such as the secretary, played an interesting role with Fassbinder mother herself). <br /> <br /> Maria is sexy, confident, and alone, with an idealized life going on a life that should be made in the shade. He says about two men - a US soldier and Oswald young and ill-that he loves them, and at the same time will continue with those roses men mixed with the soul-seeking Hermann sends from Canada, after being released from prison. He gives an explanation that a woman would like to find, but to understand where she is coming and going on the way. Fassbinder employs this violation, and the time with Maria appears to be against the melodrama gatherings (for example, Hermann walks into Maria and the half-naked Maria and GI are on the center of the area, and Maria is not a surprise or guilt but happy to see that she there then allowed to live), while sticking to her guns as a director of such advanced techniques and stories that should be predictable. But it's not true. It is like one great example for a country that, after the war, cannot migrate normally. Fassbinder rarely puts the sound of the radio in the background, and we see Maria around her family's house, climbing and around her around, and the radio is talking about divided Germany, of things that have not been disturbed, of deficit. Maybe the only way to cope is more, or maybe that's just my interpretation of it. It is difficult to know, in fact, under Schygulla stare face and eyes, however. It is an incredible performance, indeed, one of those who emerges that is pleasing to the beauty of the feminine Hollywood female female while having the low and dirty values ​​of the street girl. Many tell it is a protest dress someone sees at the same scene when he finally is with her husband, where she star in one of those super-greedy black pieces lingerie and high heels, and then step on the dress without even thinking about it. That is almost the essence of what Mary is, and the amazing Schygulla gets down, barely difficult but somehow love the figure that is adored and confused by people around her, sometimes in one sentence. This is Fassbinder entering his first part of his "trilogy"; when I generally love Veronika Voss as a jewel, Maria Braun is perhaps as good as a study of behavior, what makes a woman to have a tock and (near) no loss.
