'Prague student' is the first awesome festival - or, instead, is “autorenfilm” (ie the author's film). This film is a member of a multi-movement movement that attempted to provide credit with respect, or simply to make profits, by changing literature or displays on screen. Fortunately, the story of this book and moving pictures is good. Using Alfred de Musset's poem and story with Edgar Allen Poe, it emphasizes the theme of doppelgänger. Unfortunately, this film gets the effects of the double impact to make Paul Wegener appear twice in events. Guido Seeber was a special witch of his day, but not very good in setting the camera position or moving it. The film pastor Leon Hunt (published in "Early Cinema: Space, Layout, Definition"), however, has made an interesting analysis on this film using it to define a double-click theme: characters are divided by left / right, near / off front / extension to create characters and shots. Regardless, the film mainly has extended shots for a long time from a permanent position, which is definitely primitive. Bad is the lack of editing; there are very small parts of dissection and long-term events. There is nothing unusual in 1913, but there were more advanced films at this time, including the best parts of 'Atlantis' (August Blom, 1913), 'Woman's Night' (Yevgeni Bauer, 1913). ) and short films of DW Griffith. The overview of the 1926 world-wide vocabulary of the world would allow for a much greater restructuring. Additionally, remake has a factor of Lyduschka, except that the constant crisis with the viewer. There, the barrier that made the gypsy effort around, apparently, and the invisible garment. I know their world is silent to me, but I think, with their lips traveling and so, that their world will not be quiet to them, so how can Lyduschka beat the shoulders of others and not recognize? However, this is one of the most recent early conceptually films. Wegener, who appears to be the basic idea behind this film, in addition to play, could play the title of the head and direct direct 'Golem' in 1920 - help to re-create an unusual thread in the German cinema silence (Note: Version) The first I saw was about an hour (certainly not quite complete) and it was a bad situation, and the faces were broken frequently and also. distributor. I've seen the Alpha Alpha, which, for 41 minutes, lacks the image available in the above publication and it also has a small card header, but it seems not bad. For a repeat score is better, though.)
