One of the most important art forms in the history of the movie was undoubtedly the German expression, the atmosphere of the film made during the 20th century in Berlin. Common movies like the "Cabinet of Dr. Caligari." (1920) and "Nosferatu, Eine Symphonie Des Grauens" (1922) were the direct direct result of this movement, and when that movement did not have a long life, the greatest influence on movies could still be seen today, especially in kind of fear. One of the key figures of this model is the director Paul Wegener, director of the 1920s "Der Golem, Wie Er in Wel Wel Kam", as a beginner as a film manufacturer, seven years before doing the same classic, was ready to experiment with The expression in the film. The original example of German expression was obvious, another awesome film: "Der Student Von Prag". The student of Von Prag "(" Prague Student "), is a story of Balduin (Paul Wegener), a student with a good reputation for being the best fencer in Prague, but who emerges frequently and problems financial. One day, Balduin saves good Margit (Grete Berger) from the lake in the lake after the collapse of his horse by accident. Balduin falls instantly in love with him and tries to see him again, but soon discovers he will have to compete with his rich cousin, Graf Von Schwarzenberg (Lothar Körner), who also wants to marry him. Knowing that she cannot afford much, Balduin wants to be rich, and that is where the wizard named Scapinelli (John Gottowt) enters the area. Scapinelli offers Balduin a wealth of immeasurable wealth instead of anything he finds in his room. Balduin admits that proposal, only to discover for fear that what Scapinelli wants is to reflect his glass. Guided by Edgar Allan Poe's story "William Wilson" and a classic story of "Faust", the story of "Der Student Von Prag" was created by German author Hanns Heinz Ewers, master of fear Literature and one of the first writers to write scriptwriting as legitimate as any kind of literature. It was written when the German movie was still being developed as a form of art, "Der Student Von Prag" shows the real intention of using realistic movies to tell the most perfect story of the craft camera or series of events. As many of the publishers of his time, the screenplay of Ewers is still affected by the theater, though "Der Student Von Prag" begins to leave the same style. While limited on the development of character (especially on the support characters), Ewers can create an interesting and tough protagonist in the person of Balduin. While "Der Von Prag Student" was the first guide to Paul Wegener first and the second film of Stellan Rye as a film manufacturer, it is very clear that these two pioneers had a very good idea about what they can do while doing well. Using a beautiful picture of Guido Seeber movies, two young filmmakers create a dynamic Gothic state that predicts what German films of the next ten years to do. Wegener could learn many techniques that he could use in his "Golem" series from Seeber and Rye. Despite having very little resources, Rye and Wegener manage attracting and very persuasive (in its time) the visual impact of events and reflections of Balduin (played by Wegener too). Already an athlete at the time of this film, Wegener leads the cast of a great talent and also tries to leave the good style of previous filmmakers. Like Balduin, Paul Wegener has a very effective and perhaps best in the film. It really helps her character to be the only one that is fully developed by the author, but one cannot deny that Wegener was very good in her position as a poor student who loses more of her glass to reflect on the contract. John Gottowt plays the Scapinelli singer with an amazing aura that fits the character as a glove. Few say about Scapinelli in the film, but Gottowt makes sure we know that it is the power of fear. Some of the main cast are small luck, and Grete Berger is a good average as Margit's calculation, and Lothar Körner doing Graf Von Schwarzenberg poor. However, it must have been said that Lyda Salmonova was very good in her character of describing Fritz Weidemann making Baron Waldis-Schwarzenberg better, showing respect that Lörner's behavior would have. Thinking about the films that have been done in those years in other countries and the fact that its remake (released 13 years after this film) is best every possible way, not hard to understand why "Der Stud Von Prag" has never been The time test as well as other original films. The main problem of the movie is definitely its small budget, because it has caused the film to be much smaller than the story of Ewers needed to be fully developed. This makes a conspiracy to feel a little bit at a certain time, or even not completed, if there is something lost in the details (of course, it is likely that the existing copy is not completed). However, "Der Student Von Prag" is a very early initial attempt in the complex story of traumatic and insisting in the film which, while inferior to what the other film did at the time, left a strong feeling in history. <br /> <br> As a direct predecessor of the German expression movement, it is difficult to deny the great importance that "Der Student Von Prag" has a history of German movies, perhaps in the history of the film as a whole. It can be seen even on time, but based on the limited resources of its director, it is much better than many films from then. As the movie started the work of Paul Wegener, and with those German words, "Der Student Von Prag" must see for everyone who is attracted to this piece of film history. 7/10
