1927, and Hollywood was on the map as the world center of movies for more than ten years. Now that it has become a site of several million dollar industry and a vertical label system launched, some of those in the silence quarter of this film factory were taking time to reflect a little. The Last Commandment, when his heart may be a common story of a very popular man who fell into hard times, an ideal which is seen by the attention of how movies can restore the reality, and how its production process can be personal. It was written by Lajos Biro, who was on a long enough to know. Is the middle step being someone who was then among the most popular Hollywood migrants? Emil Jannings. Before the coming of the Jannings States he had worked especially in the comedy, being a hammy master still hilariously performing well when, often as pompous authority figures or doddering past be-beens. He does his door in the Last Commandment as the last, and for the first time it seems like this is to be another cartoon of interesting Jannings. However, as the story continues the actor gets to show his level, indicating by turning sharp weakness, unique glory and ultimately powerful and amazing in finale. He never ceases to be a whirling (German work does not know anything of a trick), but he places a priority every time for full control over every aspect of his performance. <br /> <br /> The director was another immigrant, however one who was close to Hollywood for a long time and had no history of European film. However, Joseph von Sternberg offered himself a picture of Teutonic Kino Meister's artistic and interesting ("von" was built, by the way), and took a very different approach to the trick. The note in this picture is its handling of speed and sound, a good example to be the first of the flashback Russian scenes. We open to the chaos created carefully and movement in the direction that turns out, which we viewers have become part of that camera takes back and enhances dash around the screen. Then, when Jannings comes, everything stops. The performance of Jannings is a huge mixture and measurement, and when the players close to it start to dig this effect as its presence has restored the system. <br /> <br /> Sternberg appears to show chaos for violence, allowing the grimmest time to appear on the screen, and still suggests that they have been done with the flow of images that are close to poetry. In fact, he seems to have no interest in everything in action. In the state of the detention of prisoners Sternberg takes an unfavorable and objective position, his camera eventually goes to the top-of-the-wall position. Compare this with the following scenarios between Jannings and Evelyn Brent, which are a complex medley of point-and-comment shots and close-ups, and put us in the middle of their cooperation. <br /> <br /> As quiet on the set, it seems that Sternberg was like a cool and bright director who played on the screen by William Powell, and really slow of Powell is probably something else that Sternberg himself would have continued. Unfortunately, this difficult view did not make him easy to work and, with the focus of his technical resources on his people, the slightest exhibition in his pictures leaves a bit to want. While Jannings shows the most common hamming in the mode of Charles Laughton which operates in large quantities, it seems no one told his star partners were not in the comedy. Evelyn Brent is good, she takes us well, but we vote here and there. The only function that comes near Jannings is that of Powell himself. It is a strange thing to see a common star of the Holy and Great Ziegfeld with a very strong and unpleasant figure, like the male Ninotchka, but he does a good job, revealing the emotional impact of touching the bottom of the hard heart. The Last Commandment may have a few yields in the label offices, as it seems to occur with any definitions of loss in the film making process, even as a good example like this. At the very least, I believe many of the label titles had been contaminated by the "back-of-scenes" view, as it threatened mystique of film making that was still alive at this time. As it appeared, as well as the results of the image Jannings won the first Academy Award for the Best Doctor, with the best Writing for Lajos Biro and (according to other sources, although the issue is not clear) the selection of the Best Photos. This is important, since the College was a very small institution at this time and the first prize was more than at any time a little fun to fight against Muslims of Hollywood. But the scholars or not, they recognized the good material when they saw it, and were willing to give rewards.
