That My Bush is the first of the most entertaining show with Parker and Stone, I thought. Often they are very funny, and they are quite attacking with things. South Park staff will certainly find something here. <br /> <br /> Another surprise is the production value here. Most of the money should be put in this, and it shows. More expensive details. It's not a little show. And Central Comedy is not a very rich channel, but it sets a lot in this show to open. Somehow I understand that it was the death of the show as though, it's so great. Certainly it would have been done at a reasonable price and going to love was there. Analysts liked it, and it had its small fanbase, but it failed to get a large audience. As we know, the show is standing after 8 events, which I think is almost the season 1. <br /> <br /> I loved the very show has its mistakes. The problem of show is a kind that doesn't know what it wants to be true. Its like trying to be sitcom with the sitcom ID at the same time. Employees do good work, and some are smoothly, but in my opinion they seem to not always get 100% of the wonderful humor they should present. <br /> <br /> I personally think that the show needed some of the characters who were more down in the world to show the work show. In South Park you have Kyle and Stan, which is a kind of touch in the world more than looney. I think that's kind of what makes South Park work. You need suitable characters that you can speak in a real way, and that makes the most foolish things more interesting because it lets you take them to a higher level. If everything is an archetypes and its difficult to get to the emotional it is included in the show, which really is that Bush's big problem. Kyle and Stan are characters in South Park which makes it wise in the exhibition. We have nothing like that here, and this show is facing it. <br /> <br /> Another way to deal with Parker and Stones playing with republics. It's the only thing about them I'm not getting what they're trying to do. Not showing Bush as anything other than the kind of Homer Simpsons of the kind of character is a kind of quarrel in the world where many people cannot stand up and think he is the greatest president since Nixon, and the corresponding world of Letterman writers and so on that satirizes only all its arguments ... but hard to understand if Parker and Stone actually means any for it. It's like a joke about us, but somehow does not affect the mark. It seems to be bad, because it didn't remind the real Bush. Besides this I thought that the show was very fun. Some jokes within here are hilarious. The pro-life assistant who lost your lost son is perhaps one of my favorite jokes with them in any show. And the show is full of stuff to contain, and sometimes funny funny if you use your head a little while watching it.
