Zatoichi The Outlaw was the first film produced by its production company (Shintaro Katsu), perhaps perhaps this is a little bit in the series, though it is not quite generally. It says about our hero who comes in two cities, the opponents of the rival and the secret ronin to help the believers and from this setting around a big problem that is full of catastrophe, violence and little interest, all served and beaten with powerful but powerful swordplay of trademarks series. It is a predictable and growing strategy, but it comes with a style and it's interesting. Ronin's benefit for example is the characteristic of a man-made revolutionary, misleading the established system without color as a true or bold model, Zatoichi himself makes one or two errors and causes it, while the ruling system reduces the exploitation of the poor. His harsh country, with one or two more visceral than the expected time in the fighting, though things are not stimulating as possible. Shintaro Katsu returns to the normal functioning of the braids like Zatoichi, combining wisdom, bad knowledge and culture with a sad feeling of weakness, while hard work comes from Rentarô Mikuni and Kô Nishimura who lost (later seen as "Snake" Magobei in trilogy Hanzo as two film actors. There is also a good feeling from Yuko Hamada as a missing woman. The film loses through shaky pacing and the unstable sequence of events, there is at least one jumping when jumping with the power of the plot becomes a little lost, meaning that when the objects that fly up to the end of the film are 't as exciting as it may be, emotional impact is also lost. Zatoichi's work or experience by using his skills skills is well addressed by director Satsuo Yamamoto, although some gambling is not suitable to attract and the film creates in the work as a leading way to lead, without the heartbeaters or the power of other items. Still, I enjoyed this, it has its own faults and not one of the best of the series but still has an adequate recreational packet, good news and honorable standards for Zatoichi's professional and cool trademark. It is recommended for fans of the series, and the point of intervention, classy things though not true.
