This is one of the most unusual films of the Zat么ichi series due to its extraordinary brightness and role that Ichi plays in the film. Amazingly, this was the first Zat么ichi film released by the new Shintaro Katsu Company. Now, instead of just playing the blind fool, Katsu is responsible for making a film. This can easily explain why this film looks very different from the previous 15 film. Apart from the role of Ichi, the film is very different because it is not in the film as usual. It is also easy to interrupt and in fact, for a while, it does much to harm people rather than help! "Zat么ichi R么yaburi" begins with Ichi speaking to an old woman who tries to take advantage of her blindness. Then, in this area, Ichi says that she has been blind since a small child, though in the original film says her blindness has been kept when she was 8. This is a small mistake, and only a fan who loved me if I could see it. br>> This film is being held for six months and is likely to be taken over a year - so you can see what I said about the most unusual. Most movies in the series take place a few days or weeks. This comes to a city where there is a boss (Asagoro) who tries to be good at this because he knows the character of a blind person. The Lord is charming and surprising This is completely taken by the evil man. At the same time, it meets another boss (Shushui) - a kind of guru for the poor. Shushui warns people to stop all the violence and even Lea falls under his teaching - leaving his blade for many months. Shushui teachings are similar to the teachings of Daoist from China - non-cruel and acceptable to life if it is (for good or bad). Months after leaving the city and thinking it was all right, Ichi learns that as soon as he left, Asagoro showed his true colors - female slaves, placing the poor and becoming all jerk. In this way, Ichi is responsible for this, as he helped Asagoro and regarded him as a friend. Now, Asagoro has taken Shushui and several innocent people have been injured themselves from the bad actions of the bad boss. When Hi returns, he does not automatically agree that Asagoro is good or bad but tries to cunning. This little and scarecrow dominated by leads to the end where, what else, Ichi kills baddies and free Shushui. This end was very good and it was raining. Then the final area with Asagoro and the rocks are great, although surveillance is a cheesy tad for the special effects of today's. The film papers are that although they are not recommended, they are different and cannot be closed for the last 15 (which often looks similar). Additionally, it fades well. Minuses (beside pacing) are that others might not like to see this so impaired by events and Ichi and other blind people who are included for the comic fall fall flat ... very, very, very flat. They are tacky and unfunny ... that's kind of flat that is.
