Tracking stones of 7 rocks to NBC, decided to make only one last Super Installment. The series has been in the bubble several times because of the numbers that could make it as wise for TV clock. It consisted of a hard, complicated form of hard work. It was almost like a series with a full headline of "HOMICIDE: LIFE IN INDIA" (1993-99) was a kind of "Mr. Middle" series. It was too big to just delete it, but it's too small to get a 'Rabid Pleasure Review' case. <br /> <br /> At the time of extremism on Friday, they had given some of the best and daringly Art of Dramas Every Hour. There, I have said it is Art, Art !! But please, remember we mean Art, but not just Phony, Gentle, Primary, Political Animation. At the end, it was a point that it was the end of the "HOMICIDE" line; This high session was designed as this 2 hour is done on TV Movie. Watching all events of the past season and the blindness of ordinary characters, the Production team came out and gave us what seemed to be super send off. Is it news? ????? When we join the story, we see the Baltimore District Commissioner, Lt. Al Giardello has "violated pins", retired from work, ie. But 'G' is ready to retire actually-retirement still. Therefore, instead of the rocking chair of the fishing rod, we see that Al runs to the mayor of 'City of Charm'. While being outside the City, performing a particular campaign to stand up with a speech, Detective Lieutenant of the past takes a shot of the killer. He lived, but in the opposite direction, he was taken to the hospital. The news spreads quickly and if it is officially recognized, we see all the viewers of the Baltimore Center we have seen on the show showing up their services and support. There is a great meeting of all of the old and modern as they come in and follow every leadership and possible leadership. The producer finds a way to deal with those who have died earlier in bringing their memories into the story. They could answer several long questions and even brought here for those who do not have a comment. The whole story sends in a consistent and original way. But at least now, we will leave that "we've set". By closing everything in a good bag, a little, This Modern Movie gets our approval. By opening the "MOVIE HOMICIDE", we must give A or A, even. But, regardless of the Bridge here, it was not marked as a regular part of the week.
