Multiple mobile phones that can destroy all forces - See! Weapons that do not need to be aimed and still destroy everything - See! Mobile suits according to angels - Look! It is a Gundam series. This, Gundam Wing, has a good development of character, the disruption of the real world, interesting ideas and candy eye beautiful. To the characters, Relena Dorlan who was weak (later Peacecraft, then return to Dorlan) finds stronger and more self-reliant (though it is quite the opposite of Heero Yuy, the main character of the series). Heero preceded earlier, the beginning of the winter, the hardest player, becomes more and more human, while still remaining in character. And to see the lost Millardo Peacecraft (which is nomm de guerre is Zechs Marquise) to float between OZ, independently, and the White Fang command shows how other people can actually lose themselves in their own creation / <br /> difficult situation political and military is also very good - to show how the real world works. However, at half-thirty intervals, it is a liability because this controversy is not allowed by its full potential. Thinking of the main points of the series - the importance of fighting, the desire for peace, etc. - that's what you think today. Looking again, the series was before its time, what and "War on Terrorism" and all. But his observation of these ideas, monologue, especially those of Treize Kushrenada, is a very strange piece, and create some of the best text in the series. But sometimes good writing is also very poor, which causes some loss of its edge. With the eye of the eye candy, this is what it has in the bucket stations, everything from mobile suits to the Libra war (No, you idiot!) are well-designed, and sprouting in large orange balls (which are bad, because the best animation would have better explosions). But who cares? Trees rise, and all that is needed. In short, the great complexity of the series means that if you miss a few sessions, you have lost too much. Poor text can stop you from entering, and sometimes animation makes you go "WTF?!!!" But this has been done in its typical animation style, its level, extraordinary sparkling dialogue, and its mature exploration that one expects to draw like Japan.
