The second end of Gundam world (G-Gundam's first), Gundam Wing is still another different view in the Gundam line. The facts are available but Gundam Wing is quite different from their peers. Great for Gundams is nothing more than terrorists fighting one organization alone. In fact, this series did not show that the war against the 7th chapter but in fact the true war, the Battle of Eve, does not do even until the future. The most positive of this series is the characters. All major characters are beaten in the 49th period and you can feel sympathy for all the work they have entered. With the other great is a wonderful character and mecha design of the series. Plans put some other Gundam counterparts with shame. One of the most serious criticisms of this series is how many dead fans of UC claim the moratorium of UC's original saga. Why Gundam Mrengo gets this rap when the UC's most visible example of the Gundam Seed is out there more than me. There is really a lot of time raised but they have told it in a new way and there are different differences too. <br /> <br /> Take the example, compare the size of Zechs Merquise and UC Icon Char Aznable. In the same series, Zechs are more concerned in the Union and through OZ ways too, when the Red Comet was a symbol of Zeon. Another major difference is the fact that Zechs loses many soldiers under his same command the name of another name that has been given in earlier events: "The killer of his own people." Char not given this label. <br /> <br /> Problems with this series are not a jumbo philosophy but two problems. The first is the image of animation animation of Gundams. Certainly it is fun to see the tanks of heavy weapons, MS, and the first flight. But over four incidents of reuse as this gets old. The second problem is that the whole series should be done throughout the year. If you think about all the events that are found in the series, most of them occur for only one year. But I think you can dismiss this fact when you ignore the first lines of intro every time. As is the case, this is probably the best of the other Gundam Stories and a great introduction to the Gundam world. After all, this was the first time Gundam anime for air on US television.
