Gundam Wing is a wonderful show from beginning to end, every single part is fun to watch. The story is common in Gundam fares, in the future the world population is growing at a rate that we create colonies of space to expand. The story is even though it is actually in reality than any Gundam display. It was a year after Colony 195 and the World Government Corruption, known as World Sphere Alliance, takes agent on free colonies. Combating Alliance Control and the greatest threat that comes (an evil military organization hidden in the Alliance known as OZ, which subsequently takes control of the World and colonies), select colonial members to send 5 power matches to try and save colonized colonies. and the threat that is coming soon. These Mech, known as Gundams, are fighting against the OZ and trying to restore peace in colonies as OZ takes a step forward, eliminating the unity and control of the World and its colonies. Gundam Mrengo as I mentioned earlier, is probably the most beautiful Gundam series to look at in my opinion. Much of this reason is the difference between this series and any other Gundam series before, but also the stories are more complex and more complex than the other Gundam series. Gundam Wing has more depth and feeling than any other Gundam show I've ever seen now. This series seemed to focus more on the behavior and relationships between those characters than the epic battle. Now do not feel, this show still has many epic battles in it, and show it still has an epic atmosphere atmosphere that has another Gundam series, but it achieves this by having a story follow the ensemble set of 6 or 7 characters as opposed to just following 1. \ t > <br /> It does not matter how you look at this is one of the most unique and enjoyable Gundam series out there, and I recommend it to any fan, or sci-fi. The amazing animation games and very good moves, but the depth and lack of story is what prevents you from returning to more. The characters are very well offered by the end of the show that you end up loving each other. Shows it is definitely one that should not forget. <br /> <br /> 10/10 perfect!
