Matador is best on meditation because one time he looks at it, it looks lighter. Humor is always a medium-testing, never unfunny but never gut-busting. Story is a very simple thread. The plot of the plot is often adjusted to the elements, that is, the evil person who does not need a need and a mirror-equivalent wearing a beautiful boy needs safety in a life team and learn from each other and somehow helps each other. I also see that contrary to the story is not necessary, because it is just a cruel thing and that sign is not very good to carry itself. However, in fact it is a good film, because although it looked thin and not recommended at the time, it was not. It has a subtle way to connect with viewers. I believe the reason is slow but surely gives the audience something to take with them because though it's a formula that is not new, even more of humor, all the main characters, almost just characters in it, somehow encountered they know. Forget to call the real. That's not all I have. What it means is that Pierce Brosnan feels, shouting, piping is a very good man, he has clearly understood with the author and obviously Brosnan, who speaks so cruelly enjoys his fresh air of James Bondless. Greg Kinnear's character looks very similar to his text, but has been given non-anticipated publications that for a short time due to the light of the film gives us and then just throws us just after. We then recognize the film not only Analyze This or Planes, Trains and Cars told gently again. In fact you say something. It is a type of film that seeks to be an exciting and losing part. But for its light, how could that be the goal of the film, though the plot has led to it? No, the goal Brosnan and Kinnear come out of their impossible relationship with each other. Amazingly, The Matador is a film about grief and loneliness. Brosnan is concerned with loneliness and sadness every day, and although we do not understand why Kinnear is slow and agreeing with Brosnan always interfering with his life, it is slow to understand that Brosnan is a salvaging Kinnear from the bottom-to-earth version himself feeling as a means of redemption. The last part of the movie stays with me. It's, I think, that's where the trick of the false film begins to start.
