Since the title is English and IMD selects the primary language of this show as English, I will consider reviewing the English version of Gundam Wing (2000) as presented in Bandai released DVD. My actual review of the entire series is under the entry of IMDb of "Shin kidô senki Gundam W" (1995). It is very little changed in relation to the plot, the script and the attribute of the English and actually depends on your own taste of which language to view this show. Humans can be connected to all the Japanese, but for more "true" experiences I recommend the English track since all the characters, except Heero Yuy, not the Japanese (most of them are Caucasia in fact and non-Japanese Masai). The characters find more "direct" than in the Japanese version. The difference between the characters is a great thanks for some giving - or taking the performances but a group of executives very well. Wing Gundam Heero trial is a very experienced soldier who slows his senses but slowly learns the value of his humanity. Heero very well. The Deathscythe Duo of Gundam, who was delighted in the face of death, is given a course of waste based on the value of life and friends. He is likely to be the best character in the whole show, skillfully played by Scott McNeil. He can hear very little for his age, but the Duo's English voice is easily left out of one of its Japanese spontaneous jokes. The Trowa, the explosion of the Thunderstorm, is the lost soul itself which is only aimed to date; in spite of his inner desire to connect with people around him, he knows how to kill, not to be a friend. Kirby Morrow provides good but realistic performance like Trowa Barton. Quater Rebarba The winner is shown by Brad Swaile who has no trouble destroying the nature of caring behavior and losing his lack as he fears of war and death at first hand. The most important step is that Quatre again looks like a girl (and that's she is shown by a female actress in the Japanese version) but a 15-year-old boy. It has been determined by Wufei Chang released by Ted Cole that may seem a little over-top but quite different from the roles of Heero and Trowa. Relena Darlian is growing up in English, saying to Lisa Ann Bailey. This can not sit well with its young man early in the series but if his character grows later in the story, his voice follows the suit and ends up very well with the development of character. Zechs Merquise would be one of the most changed sounds compared to the Japanese version. All sounds bring different sides to the same character. His Japanese voice is a proud, authoritative and decent command, taking into account his high position and historical nature. His English voice by Brian Drummond has failed more, giving more voice and "snake-like", emphasizing the secret nature of Zechs about its hidden agenda and long-lasting beliefs. <br /> <br /> Members of the OZ are a realistic package. Treize Kushrenada released by David Kaye is given the most realistic and low-down performance of the country compared to his superior style than the Japanese speaking. However, Lady Une is not worthy of his split personality by comparing it as in the Japanese version with Lucrencia Noin looks just ......... a lot of time. Airport airports and military leaders are not something to talk to either. I would like to learn if they took time to give different characters to reflect their ethnic backgrounds. Maganac Words Corp. was generally not strong but could be more interesting if they were given accents in the east. The Romerfeller Foundation members would also be more comfortable with the classy European priorities that reflect their professional status. <br /> <br /> With the effectiveness of working from side-by-side characters, the main host oversees the show show and its results for a more over-top and realistic interpretation of Gundam Wing script. Very loyal to the script of Japanese origin, put all basic ideas to provide ideas and themes about politics, war and human nature. Sadly, it also continues with the errors of the original Japanese script.
