Hand Suit Gundam Wing is a series of Fourth in the ongoing history of Gundam. Unlike the predictions of many conflicts, this is a little different; instead of having a military situation against the army, this is headed by five boys (because of their ability to mix more easily than ordinary adults) and their machines called "Gundams" because of alloy steel used in their construction. Which causes problems, as weapons should be destroyed, have been changed by "Mobile suits", which are tested for unstable weapons platforms and "Dolls" that run A.I. and used as infants. Anything of the series is a romantic question that has given Gundam Wing sharp on a large part of Anime which makes way here. Especially since most anime are given from popular newspapers, such as Naruto, DragonBall, One Piece, DragonBall Z and InuYasha which all comes from Shonen Jump, which is now available in America. <br /> <br /> Set of Mobile Suit Gundam Wing sets itself away from the most anime in the fact that instead of over-top battles among men who resemble gods, Gundam is very human and appears to appear to the fact that it is A wonderful replacement of melodramatic and events appears to unfold on the series for beauty. Typically in the anime there are more than a few series who think that the best way to go on to have a "small" battle is to take half an hour - something that never will happen in real life. Gundam raises this by ensuring that everyone knows that the characters will die, the machine will be destroyed and rebuilt, the war will be lost and the win, and it will never seem like it makes the actions themselves wrong. <br /> <br /> But the magic of Gundam Wing is in details, and what this series you have that more anime will be grateful for having. Emotional. Instead of historical prophecy, magic, or more of the military art, Gundam Wing is a fiction of hard science from a hostile world of hard science. (RECORDS: The author would like to say that Neon Genesis Evangelion is not a hard-realistic idea of ​​science as a matter of religion which is the basis of his series) they love Star Wars, but hates A.I. (film). It is now why Gundam Wing had Gundam SeeD now being produced by the Japanese and United Nations at the same time with two voice teams. US viewers are required to wait two or three weeks after the end of the Japanese season to capture dubbed versions or subtitle or even the listings of SeeD which the air on the Cartoon Network. The feeling is that these two warring factions are technical behind. The heroes are those who advocate the rights of the world's most wealthy and full citizens from the band of terrorists who have won the victory at all costs and all the costs that make up the characters of Suit Gundam Wing. This is not a war, this is a "total war". Everyone, any building, every road is aimed at attacking, on the earth and away. My only complaint, and because it did not get a score of ten, is that about three-thirds of the way, it's just a kind of death that may die for a few cases, and no one seems to change. A kind of flashback of the current time, which is good from what it reveals about the characters, but at the same time gives us what should be alcohol between the Project: Meteor and OZ. But the last two events and series-of-Cartoon-Network (back in 2001-2003) Mobile Suit Gundam Wing: The last movie of Waltz more to do with slack.
