A team of experts of archaeologists reveal real treasures? The Queen's Sheep crown. From Egypt, the crown should be transferred through San Francisco. But it will not be a simple journey. There were many thieves who would like to get their hands on the precious jewels that are on the crown. Fortunately for all involved, Mr. Fire is on the side of protecting the crown on his journey. However, that does not mean that one does not try to get his hands on the treasure. After the despair of Mr. Gamble Mr. Moto, I went to Mr. Fire Receives the Hope of Hope, but, of course, fear the evil. But within the first 10 seconds of the film, I realized I would be happier. I am a player of the 1930 style of style that deals with anything to do with archaeological digs in Egypt. And seeing the fire hid as a German archaeologist (Imagine that, Peter Lorre playing Germany?), The beginning events really scored me. When the movie could be quickly replaced San Francisco under foreign, it remained just enjoyable. Light, sinful sinners watching the rainy night; weapons were expelled from open windows that lose the hero's head; modern alarm systems and improper thinking of people just ask for someone to test them; and the great criminals believed they were dead? these are the kind of things found in many of the 1930 secrets that I like. And Mr. Fire Gets Vacation got 'em all. My other bonuses for me always included Lionel Atwill for a very good role, comic aid from G.P. Huntley which is really delicious, and return to the form for Mr. Moto. I have mentioned her hide in scenes of the opening of the film, and Fire-fighting games come close to the film finale. Fire is like Dervish's Cycle of activity as he goes after his prey. All this and I have never mentioned the good performance you have turned to Lorre. Any way you look at, Mr. Moto He likes a holiday is a winner. As I like to be Mr. Fire series as soon as it ended after this phase, it is understandable when you think about it. WWII was just around the corner. And after the Pearl Harbor, the movie and the Japanese hero could not pass very well. At least a series of Mr. Moto completed with a very positive note.
