Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) is a hit man. Or "the order of death", as he wants to be called. He is also a drunkard, a woman, and in the middle of the middle life crisis. On a job in Mexico City, it climbs Danny White (Greg Kinnear), an unsuspecting businessman who thinks he has tied a recent string, but he doesn't know. They meet at the hotel bar one night, after both have very few margaritas. It looks like a set-up for an exciting number of comedy, isn't it? But not so. Instead, Matador is a study of funny behavior and sometimes. It ignores everything that it describes above, sometimes even keeping them carefully. It is a film that respects enough characters only to allow it to develop it, without the feeling of need to drive them into plans for the plot. Brosnan's hit man will be likened to his Bond, but this is not appropriate for two performances. Bond is the idea of ​​half built, the product of all past; when Julian is a fully developed character with its own mistakes and mistakes. He has been in his shadow, the world of seed for so long that he has forgotten how to talk to someone else. When she meets Danny at the hotel bar, she sees the opposite: a normal boy with normal work and common problems. Despises Danny; The sick man is healed and his life, he feels he is close to the inevitable "extinguish", as he puts it. But when Danny opens on his son's death alone, Julian tries to change the matter with the dirt. He is a person who, in his own words, has been "running from any feeling." Kinnear holds his anti-Brosnan performance, and injures Danny White with his personal charm. He is the perfect foil for Julian; The last time is the drunkenness of alcohol and deception, Danny has come down to the earth, with a sense of freedom. But he also goes far beyond his established perspective, showing how far everyone will go when he has money and family damage. It is a real chemistry between Brosnan and Kinnear. It looks more in three important film screens: hotel bar; cows, while Julian tells Danny what he is doing for life, and taking him through the killing killings; and the area where Julian returns home to Danny six months later. This section also provides us with a good deal for Danny's wife, Bean (yes, beans). In another example of how much Matador respects his characters, Bean (Hope Davis), instead of trembling before a murderer employed at his home, he simply asks for the stability, "Have you brought your gun?" The script is not as good as it can be after some other writing again. One or two lines seem to have a little compulsory, and a couple of them need a little more work. But in cases where Julian and Danny (and later Bean) say only, the text is wonderful. The film has no sense to put the characters in any foreign situation (except to meet someone in a collision, and said that person turns to your door). It enables them to talk, gently reminds them of important points of the plot. There is a step, but it's just when it shows on the characters. One important example is when the Julian botanics work in Budapest because they continue to feel through their gun base. All parts of the film are about the characters, how they interact, how each one affects each other. And, finally, it's about friendship, even in the most impossible places. On one occasion Julian tells Danny that he is his only friend. And he has a meaning.
