It is very difficult to test this film. If the value of entertainment for the 21st century audience, it fails to sadly. However, for a student of the original audio and history movies, it is a jewel. The "Show of Exhibition" was a rally held to compete with the "Revue of 1929" of the successful MGM, which is still experiencing a complete intact with its Technicolor events. <br /> <br /> The purpose of the revue of all the stars was to show a special star of the silent studio in chat functions, and show that they can make changes. However, Warner Bros seems to have forgotten this and recruited many actions and stars that he did not even have under the long-term contract as Ben Turpin, Lloyd Hamilton, Beatrice Lillie, and even a demonstration band. At the same time, their great talent - Al Jolson - is quite clear. Even in the greatest wage he could not have to join. Almost every act is very long and the film plays as a couple of caps or so the Vitaphone is combined together and continue. Finale is also a very long time, but it is very happy with its dance numbers. <br /> <br /> Highlights of the film are two numbers from Winnie Lightner - "Pingo Pongo" and "Singin in Bathtub", a number of numbers by Nick Lucas, John Barrymore doing Shakespeare, and Chinese Dream "Li Li Li" by Nick Lucas and Myrna Loy. This last number is the only part of the ongoing film in Technicolor, and is really quite interesting. Wisely, players in these good works were Warner Bros. The long stars so perhaps the director knew how to play with their ability since he knew them. <br /> <br /> This film makes like a snapshot at an unusual stage in the history of the film - in 1929, which was a year of bridge between two eras - eras silent and sound, and mourning 20's with Great Depression. Just two years later the same film would have been completely different, like Warner Bros. he would leave his starring stars and stars they had just recruited early music for those stars that gave Warner Bros his view of different cities and feel - James Cagney, Joan Blondell, Edward G. Robinson, and others.
