I saw this film again as my class of management. It had feedback on different styles of management and ideas on quality (of products). I lost this back in eight years and I remember that good (but not great) movie. I have always loved the fashion and delivery of Michael Keaton every day. He was perfect for the film. I am surprised to see some of the low levels of this film. I give you yes not the winner of Oscar but it has a good comedic value. It is more than a comedy of craft than a whole horse of comedy. I also find some of those who felt that this was an incorrect film on cultural and business differences. I ask for a difference. I give you again that there are a lot of stuff and animations but then again this is a Hollywood film not a document. From what I have learned about the difference between Automakers on both sides of the Pacific at that time many thought principles were correct for a while. <br /> <br /> Some of the basic differences are that Japanese employees made feel like part of the company as a whole. The corporate work is emphasized. Others probably made the company over all other. Where American workers had many types of work lines of relationships. The man was more important than the company. I probably get a hate email address on these comments I'm sure. Another difference was how the quality was seen and which was the responsibility to fix it. In most Japanese plants or problems are examined and made when it is discovered. Instead as a single character in the filing film "it was traders (meaning car dealer)." Most of these items are probably dated but I'm sure some are still close to many US cars makers still struggling to continue with Japanese. If someone is more interested in the issue of American, European and Japanese operators, I can recommend a book that learns this more deeply and has been done at the same time. The book called "the world-changing machine" by James Womack, Daniel Jones and Daniel Roos. It's about the research of automakers during and before the period in which this movie covers. The parts have dried up but I think you will find that it returns too much movie too.
