The way, back behind the 1980s, long before NAFTA was written by companies began to implement their national characteristics, the United States and Japan were in the clan of each other in the world of the world. Remember the words 'Unity of Yes!' 'The Japanese take this country,' and 'Americans are lazy?' When the Reagan era declined and organizations turned to the international market, director Ron Howard made one of several trips on the comedy and its 'Gung Ho' in 1986, which earned 36 million dollars in the US office office offices. While in many ways, the story of Howard-in-the-cheek culture of fighting in the workplace still presents a difficult reality for industry life today. The 'Gung Ho' focuses on Hunt Stevenson (Michael Keaton), automakers union rep from Hadleyville, a small town, sad in the Pennsylvania hills. Stevenson has been asked to visit the Assan Motor Company in Tokyo (similar to Toyota real life), which focuses on U.S. operation. in a non-city plant. With hundreds of residents out of work and the city is seen on the collapse, Assan decides to enter and Stevenson is employed as a link between company officials and staff at the meeting line. The Gung Ho 'is a look for the two sides, with their strengths and weaknesses in the same way: on the one hand, US workers focusing on their traditions but often found in the frenzy of pride and corporate business; On the other hand, Japanese workers who are very dedicated to their work still have no personal preferences and feelings of self-respect. In Stevenson, we see a group of American workers of moderate intelligence and talking skills through people. With the lives of his employees and many of the Hadleyville on the line, Stevenson confirms a good man who does not want anything more than a good position, although his cunning will be a big problem. In addition to responding to the chiefs of Assani, we see the act of balancing between Stevenson and his colleagues, many of whom he grew up with. This includes Buster (George Wendt), Willie (John Turturro), and Paul (Clint Howard, Ron's brother). The Japanese is beaten and headed by Gedde Watanabe, also known for 'six candles' and' Volunteers. 'Watanabe plays Funhiro, a plant manager who is under his fortune and began to feel sympathy for the American life. He has been stripped of Saito (Sab Shimono), the nephew of Assan CEO who has a desire to take his place in the order of demand. During the light touch, these characters walk very well in presenting the ideas of the work of Japan. <br /> <br /> By steering Stevenson who manages the script, Michael Keaton should provide a good performance of this film to work. 'Gung Ho' is actually a slam-dunk success for Keaton, who also played with Ron Howard in 1994 'Paper.' She made this film during a string of open roles that included 'Mr. Mother, '' Mende juice, 'and' Fantasy Team 'before entering' Batman, '' One Good Cop, 'and' My Life. 'It is also hard not like Gedde Watanabe's performance as an extraordinary person, who wear the first ribbons of Japanese embarrassment before sharing with Stevenson in order to create a car unit of cooperation. Help / Support Help is top-notch, including Wendt, Turturro, Shimono, and Soh Yamamura as CEO of Assan Sakamoto. I Rogers offers romantic interest as a girl of Audrey, a girl. Edwin Blum, Lowell Ganz, and Babaloo Mandel took part in Gung Ho's writing. Common music, which received the BMI Film Music Award, was created by Thomas Newman. Gung Ho ringtones are a wall of 80s wall, including 'Do Not Do Bad,' 'Tuff Enuff,' and 'Student Work.' The 'Gung Ho' achievement has actually resulted in a short TV series for ABC. During the most surprising as the definition of the community twenty years ago, the film Ron Howard still has its comic value. Available on DVD as part of the Large Widescreen Collection and is a modified tad. Audio options are provided in English 5.1 surround, English Dolby surround, and French 'dubbing,' but subtitles are English only. No additional, even the trailer of the exhibition. On the other hand, the digital transfer is suitable is quite good, and a small grain after the opening of the opening and sound quality. While the extra bonus would be beneficial - especially that 'Gung Ho' was the success of the box office - there is little complaining about the presentation of the film itself. <br /> <br /> *** out of 4
