Matador is a wonderful film. Its main character Julian, played with a common combination of charm and indifference to Brosnan, not your ordinary hero. Julian is a beaten man who faces a mid-life crisis. After spending 22 years in the blood-killing profession, he now sees himself insisting on the outside and very lonely. And so, after a meeting of space in the bar and Danny (Greg Kinnear), he latches up and starts to stop, friendship friendship. Danny, a very fine boy, is dealing with other things in his life and, really being told, can use a friend too. The two make an unexpected relationship, and Danny closes up to hear the story of Julian, even after learning the “no sense” truth about Julian's work. Matador is approaching a subject that is not quite heard in the movie, heroic killers (film as 'Assassins' and 'Grosse Pointe Blank' comes to mind). But Matador varies in several important ways. First, murder and gore are described but not shown in any detail, meaning that if you are a buff movie action action to search for adrenaline this movie will probably despair. And secondly, unlike many anti-heroes, Matador does not attempt to show regret and liberation from its main character. Julian's work is done just as 'what' is the kind of thing. This is normal, since 99.99% of us would consider killing for bad money. And yet this unusual way is perhaps makes the film realistic. Although we do not like to accept it, almost anything can be obsolete after doing so for a long time, perhaps even killing. Will the Julian victims deserve to die? Who pays to pay people? Who knows. Movie is not available with these questions. The focus is on Julian and his attack on true friendship. If you read about a person like Julian on a paper you would have an idea that people like him should be terminated from the community as cancer, but they are forced to look at the life he is attracted to by his humanity. The maturity of the devil, I think. Brosnan taken to Julian is done well by emphasizing in detail. We can not completely separate from his James Bond of beautiful and soft charm, but rather adds only trouble trouble in the mix. Wonderful or abnormal words between respectful middle talks and sudden change from the charm of suave to lose children and sadly sad for acceptance. It makes you think about his awareness of his purity and how it will affect those around him. It is similar to listening to a piano player who occasionally and unexpectedly refuses to score badly while playing, but it works. The only film is another great role, of Danny, not as close as meat. Kinnear returns to a solid if an unknown performance like a common Joe and a regular life of Joe and problems. <br /> <br /> The film does not really have any awesome or M Night Shyamalan twists, but I could not guess the end and it seemed to be satisfactory. It has no knowledge of a philosophical or spiritual philosophy and it still felt human. And he had no heart to drive a car or a gun and I still thought it was pacing and I had never been tired. Perhaps the only true message here is about the human need to reach out and make contact with one another, and how these requirements are not necessary. Even a murderer needs friends, and even good people can be friends with bad people. It's a view on the wonderful world, the random we live. Good films; value to see.
