Many ignore that this is not just a classic due to the fact that it is the first 3D game, or even the first shot -'- up. It is also one of the first games of ignorance, one unique (and obviously first) realistic claustrophobic games, and gaming experience in general. For graphics that are typed so much today, the game takes you to the role of B.J. (don't even know * * I'll try to translate his last name!), P.O.W. United States. caught in the underground bunker. Fight to find your way through tunnels to achieve various goals for six events (but, let's face it, most of them are just a pretext to hand you arms, surround you with the Nazis and send out to lose one of Nazi leaders). Graphics are, as I mentioned earlier, are completely dated and very simple. The baseline details of any 3D game presented by the professional team of designers. If you can get more than that, however (and others would suggest that this simplicity only adds to the effect of the game you have on you), then you get one game of a good shooter / sneaking game. The game play consists of finding keys, health and ammo, blasting enemies (aforementioned Nazis, and "enemy boss" to the shape) of different difficulty (which, of course, grow as you move more into the game), open doors and watch secret rooms. There is an extra calculation after each level hit ... it goes with how you were faster (basically, if you hit 'at a time', it's when you took a tester through one level; this could be a very fun try and hitting, and for how hard a level they find your way, they are challenged after a lot of play, how much Nazi gold you have collected and how many people have killed them. Basically, if you have 100% of any precedent, you get a bonus, to help you achieve the maximum score. Game (in particular, but not always) allows two different ways to play ... with trick or guns under anything and everything you see. You can run or walk, and among your weapons is also a knife ... The race hears it once you get into one room as guards, such as guns. Many guards are found standing with their feet turned to you, meaning you can walk behind them and beat ... almost silent. In your calculation, you can find non-weapons under four and two keys ... more about future weapons. Keys to open certain doors. Many parks in the game do not fade ... two types only require keys, and these keys are only available at future levels (resetting at levels, resetting weapons, health, logo and living in each chapter). Much of the future game is used to search for. Now, if I just pointed out, this game, like most of the period (late 80's, early 90), is the basis of collecting extra lives ... self, I think it's completely and totally useless (it's always mercifully dropped from here) on the end ... I think (?), from the 3D shooter to continue), since you can save any time you want and 'use life' puts weapons, health and ammo, as starting from a new chapter (which is actually a pain in the standards later, where you need * more heavy weapons). Now, I will beat you near the bush again ... go to the gun! You start with a knife mentioned earlier (which is quiet but it works very closely) with a pistol ... there is nothing special, but it's good for keeping ammo, unlike two second boys. Your third weapon is a German SMG ... small-machine-gun. It's faster and straightforward, and some enemies later use it. And the last one ... is a few of the guns of Gatling! Oh yes! Consider T2. Think of the Predator. Think about downloading large quantities of leadership in Nazi guns and guns. It's everything like entertainment as it looks. Many of the enemies of the boss use this, though, so be prepared. I will not reveal the characteristics of the boss's enemies, however ... it is for every player to recognize (or) himself. Sounds are better ... very crisp and realistic. If you hear the tears of machine-gun firing, deafening metals opening to the door to shut your back behind or the Nazi roar of surprise or warning in German, you really feel like you're there, your in these dark and ambitious bunker systems. That includes me in a standard format ... when you run in a seemingly insignificant way, near the same road towards the next leading elevator, you understand the sense of claustrophobic. I got an epidemic more than once (although it may also have something to do with a little sleep, a lot of moisture and a normal temperature ...) from play. Although the depth is not the highest, what is the best. The remains of the survivors, a quarter of the guards and many of the Nazi symbols ... the list continues. The match also includes a bit of gore ... for the limited graphics of the graphics, John Romero and staff certainly puts in the blood and all the guts that can be for the game. What was said to say ... first of its kind, and it is not surprising this gave many others without a shooting 3D shot. Indeed, the bobbing and multi-level weapons (levels and such) have not yet come into the inside of the type ... Doom ... and it was Duke Nukem 3D which introduced a feature of changing your perspective (so it goes beyond the left and right, adding The vertical measurements for them), and the jump did not come until the third head, later (first delivery, maybe? My players, help me here) ... but all games, as well as the rest of the kind, should exist for this. So load Luger, open the entrance to the bunker and step in the B.J shoes. ... is worthy of recognition, even (or maybe even more?) About fifteen years after the first appearance. I recommend this to all fans of 3D games. 8/10
