"Margaritas and Cock ..." <br /> <br /> This highly entertaining film prevents you from the opening area and never stop giving a laugh, surprise and unexpected touch time. I was more excited to look at "Matador" than almost any other film from 2005. It is a wacky film that has an unpredictable character, played in full with Pierce Brosnan. <br /> <br /> Julian Noble (Brosnan) is a facilitator (hit-man) who has a professional gigs on corporate (killing rich dudes). He also faces something similar to the middle life crisis. Having come to realize that they have no real friends, there is no permanent house and no future planned, she is bounced into a hotel bar of Mexico one night and runs Danny Wright (Kinnear). <br /> <br /> Danny is a low-person-of-the-lucky family of her who is close to losing a great deal of business that can only turn things for her. He loves his wife very much, especially since they lost their little child a few years earlier. The two men are chalk and cheese, they don't have any normal place than they are in the same destruction at night. And somehow the conversation has been hit which comes to run a series of events that will change their lives forever. Their friendship formed a reminder of a lot of Laurel and Hardy. One is a straightforward person and one is a continuous fool who brings them into trouble. Interaction is timely and effective, because there is no small part of the best displays from Brosnan and Kinnear. But don't make a mistake ... This is a Brosnan film. He shows one of the most memorable and hateful characters of ten years. She can beat your mother and apologize immediately and you would like to forgive her. Brosnan may be the last writer of the movie, but this is its most beautiful and perfect performance at the moment. I can't have the feeling of seeing Oscar for this role. <br /> <br /> Think of one place where he hits a girl's high school girl with a sensory idea and says a line, "All blushy blushy. There is no lucky lucky". He does with Bond smirk normal and can eliminate it. He can tell the little boy, "Tell your mother to lose 30lbs and 20 years. Then come back to me" without entering if it is impossible. In fact, it makes us like him more. Yet the film will be awesome to us with certain scenes of touch, which many come towards the end when the film takes unreasonable turns. However, when Julian fingers through her little black book to find someone who calls her birthday, or when Danny and his wife (Davis) meet in their bedroom one night, the film reaches the depth of an unexpected feeling. The "Matador" is stylish and powerful. It is constantly entertaining. And it has the responsibility to explain the work to Brosnan as a lonely individual who is looking for a common sense, friendship and a way to do at least one good thing in his life. This is a neglected gem in 2005 and you should try to see this film as soon as possible. TC's Candler of IndependentCritics.com
