Great joy for adults and children, this film works on a number of levels: there is everything from a car crash and a cake in the face and a very good joke (still cunning) for adults. Glenn Close is at its lowest destruction as Cruella ('will be called Ella') De Ville. After three years at the Doctor's Clinical Character Clinic Clinic, she is drunk with her desire for fur? even the skin of the puppy's favorite skin. He even has all his woolen clothes on the shaft of the mysterious castle he lives. It will not be a 'Dalmatian' movie without damage and destruction of Cruella and you know that something else will change its behavior. And now he needs one extra puppy (therefore 102 Dalmatians) to complete his fun plan this time. Ioan Gruffudd is once referring to as a hero of a film that runs a 'second chance of dog' dog. Although he was in 'Titanic' and in last year's television edition (like Pip) of 'Great Expectations' I did not recognize him; well, he was the Lowe Fifth Officer in 'Titanic' and I have not seen 'Great Expectations' so I am not surprised. Gerard Depardieu is making a good turn as a furaker-pawn of Cruella. Does he give a loan and position in fur clothes that you have ever seen? and does well. His humility of the "Western Witches" is brightness. Tim McInnerny is the best of Cruella's not so bad? he was also Alonzo, a Cruella pastor, in 'Dalmatians' 101 and you can recognize him from 'Black Adder' Brit-Coms. He blows his usual bumbling, good heart, a certain habit of cuts in great effect. Oscars at high cost are generally provided for the high cost of film. This is unfortunate if the clothes placed by Glenn Close are amazing? it is very deep (remember his hands when being released from a rehabilitation clinic) and deserves the same high quality. His clothes alone deserve the Oscar election. <br /> <br /> Animation has a special place in my heart ?? but comparing this film to the original animation film is like comparing apples with oranges: it can not be done. It is worth mentioning that '102 Dalmatians' is better than the '101 Dalmatians' version of 1996. There is a lot to love here: from the eyes of vision, dialogue, and hitting dress - it's a good film for the whole family.
