At first glance, this film looks like a series of Keifer Sutherland 24 for large screens. For the purpose of conspiring to kill the President of the United States, running against time, with agents of Secret Service, a less active agent in Sentinel. But wait, the protagonist returns to be the character of Michael Douglas Pete Garrison instead, the Secret Secretary of the Secret Service for Reagan's shot in 1981. The SS agency has been given special training to "take the bullet" ", which is what makes them special - who in the right mind will put them on the line of the target and target? But Garrison is responsible for the massacre, and it should run for his life at the same time making his investigation into the plot. All this because of his failure in the test of polygraph, because of his brain's First Woman (Kim Basinger). Tsk. <br /> <br /> There are shades of Clint Eastwood In Fire Line. Both of them expressed the aging of the aging, and the old veteran had been a hero and a little historical reference, who took a bullet in their work visits. When Eastwood's movie has the most powerful man in John Malkovich, Sentinel was injured because of his lack of a strong village, he wanted to share the responsibility of killing among many former KGB people, and the mole inside the President's statement. With Douglas on run from the law, he resembles Dr. Richard Kimble of The Fugitive, hunting falsehood one of the weapons at the same time, relying on his misleading smarts agents, which seemed to be very interesting to look - despite the degraded processes, still evolving with the performance and destruction of individual agents. Keifer Sutherland and Eva Longoria, the most modern television stars from 24 and their Business Dealers, find work to help as Secretariat Services who are looking for Garrison's involvement in the murder program, and time others seem to have left the CSI pages with their engineering skills. The beautiful couple had a chemistry that could be similar to X-Files' Fox Mulder and Dana Scully, but these two were very little to do here. We know why they are in the film, and that's getting their fans in the movies. Also, Longoria's role was stopped to discourage her mother-in-law, and here, she has had a low-cut color (Sutherland has told her to get it) and thin pants (used for fellow agents). <br /> <br /> However, it is still looking very interesting in the life of perhaps the most charged and protected information in the world, and the most common threats that face every day, including following on every nuisance threat on life of the most powerful man in the world. It is a great excitement and observation of surveillance, you have enough items to keep you. But one thing, however, as a substantial step to the last step, this has enough space to fly the jumbo jet through.
