What if G.I. from the Japanese army had to be reinstated for 400 years during the military battle that created the creation of the Tokugawa Shoogunate? What? Great pitch? The movie makes exactly what it says on tin. <br /> <br /> Thank you authors were not worried about explaining, usually worried in sci-fi movies, scientifically shaped jumbo travel time. No how or why. They just did it. However the sequence of travel time is trippy like hell and very good, if not dated slightly. It is not as simple as a person who can think. Some of the films follow the Basics of T. But when you lose a small amount of steam and subsequent parts of GI the arrival of central Japan, it takes a series of fierce battles. Of course it is the main order of the day. The whole concept and by adding the film itself, perhaps came out of this simple pitch: do you? If G.I. of the latest equipment in the modern fight is the anti-samurai? And the boy offers. The main battlefield that declines more than half an hour may be one of the best in the films / 70 battlefields. Not only can it be slowed and accelerated, and it is also a great mix. of styles and techniques that are exclusively unique as GI Samurai can give. I mean, where would you have the opportunity to put the tanks, full ninjas and school uniforms, helicopters and samurai in the same shot? G.I. The shade led by the lieutenant be tears through the hundreds of extra, and armed with machine guns, lids, bombs and tanks. <br /> <br /> Mish-mash styles has one leg straight-rooted in the epic of Kagemusha Kurosawa or Hiroshi Inagaki samurai banners, sometimes it's in the Western stage and war movies. There is a stylistic touch (like amazing shots slow motion and blood violence) which bring Sam Peckinpah or Enzo G. Castellari around Keoma to mind. The Japanese movie has been caused by western and other Hollywood works and vice versa, with G.I. Samurai returns to this east-east pot-meet on an exciting film. The creators of the film appreciate the whole thing and the film is very useful from them. Not having a language-in-cheek-minded view is completely absent, it is not trying to beat them to the unfortunate-audience who enjoy enjoying their movies. The budget is very possible, as shown in the hundreds of additional, beautiful clothing (very respectable for non-traditional-gear production) and special effects. The camera function and editing are all high-quality scores, almost better than the high-tech artists. It is not found in its errors. There are many songs of the "song", where each of the 70 Rocks of the Japanese, disco and country songs play on the settings (there is a merging area, the area of ​​interest, "war is hell" area etc.). These songs are very good and can eliminate the whole thing. Although it burns in 140 minutes, it jumps as a bullet for many parts. Still certain events, low buttons and low squares in the first half can be locked with severe effects. Also, he deserves to be mentioned, with names such as Sonny Chiba, Isao Natsuyagi (Goyokin, Samurai Wolf), Tsunehiko Watase (Yakuza Papers) and Hiroyuki Sanada, all playing the correct details.
