What's the best way to start a movie review like Der Todesking? Let me start by saying I came directly from watching this film, and the pictures are still covered in my brain - and I don't think they will be moving anytime soon. It is possible to say that if you are on this page you have a good idea of ​​this kind of film even if you haven't seen it. If not, I would like to inform you that this is not an average-budget gem that has been lost for a few years of "Welcome to Giza", not a low budget, schlocky, "B" of a fun movie. What is a low-budget art, put forward in a simple but painless way. The idea is one simple story - seven around, and ending, suicide is incorporated into the corpse of the corpse. Sounds easy, even itself? It is not. Words cannot describe how powerful this film becomes when you are half; it's almost fetching it if you want to go or not. I could go here on the technical benefits and loss of direction; perhaps explaining that these events are being shot at super-8 cameras and sometimes they have shaky. I could show that some sound effects are out of syncing through any film of Fulci, but at the end of all this day it seems to be unknown. So far as the movies, I have seen the most difficult of them, and yet Der Todesking has encouraged me in ways that a few others have managed to manage, despite being not particularly with the few events that I would consider "freeous". In fact, the disturbing area that I found was the last thing. I can't destroy, just say that the sadness of the character comes from the screen and makes you sympathetic, if you desire the end. Of course, it's not the most beautiful movie made, and in many places it looks strange and maybe a little amateurish, but despite these mistakes Der Todesking is an experience that I would recommend to anyone who loves challenging movies. If you are a good looking person or a good “movie,” or just need to find something big and useless, this is not what you're looking for. If you enjoy it or not, It's one that you forget quickly.
