I read a small announcement in another shocking newspaper in the first nine years about Liebe des Totes (love of the dead) or something else. This undoubtedly awakened my curiosity so I ordered Nekromantik 1 & 2 and Der Todesking (The King King). The Nekromantik Style is Ok, even the most interesting and unique form in their way of Necrophilia's subject (even if it is definitely an intervention-opera entries rather than the aim of panic in mind audience, they are really quite funny.) > <br /> TODESKING, on the other hand is, in my opinion, one of the best films made. It includes a series of events showing a lot of deaths. Death as an enemy; Death as a reliever, Death as a very fysical impairment of the body. Film is an example of life. It shows how fragile life and how our lives are decreasing. It reduces its audience to their children (we) actually is. The fact that we cannot understand the state of death, and therefore not the process of dying, is the basic message of the film. This is a realistic film. Never will make Buttgereit try to hide the death behind the white roses or nothing. No matter what values ​​you create, death cannot be avoided, and sooner or later is not a lie but your truth. This applies to you, Dear reader, as it applies to the audience of the film. Some young observers seem to be unaware of this, which is completely forgiven, because they will live forever ... <br /> <br /> This is not a movie of exploitation. Why? Because death will not use us humans. We reap it. We grow up to seven days, then we go back to the state of pre-birth, ie Death. Buttgereit gives us its version of older stories. If you choose to see it as "hope" or "disappointment" it is up to you. At first glance it might seem very dark. Think though, in order for something to live, something else should die. "Who wants to live forever?" I believe that when Buttgereit shows the body, which is used by dirt, it does not only show damage, but the LIVING of new life. Isn't it better to die and give life to dirt and then the bird and finally become soil, rather than remain a dead zombie that is one of the favorite pets of the kind? <br /> <br /> When you realize this, you can see Der Todingking is its proper context. <br /> <br /> Sieben Tage hat die Woche, siebenmal letzte Stunden. Seven is the days of the week (weak, die!), Seven times at last. Do not fear Reaper, Buttgereit tells us, because the Reaper takes only the razor. And apples that are not broken for food will increase! Have a good life, IMDB'ers colleagues! And look at this film, it only compares with Ingemar Bergans "The Secret of Seven" to a comprehensive and universal issue.
