The author of "Nekromantik", the second film of Jörg Buttgereit, "Der Todesking" is a powerful hub. It was next to a sequence letter from a group called "Brotherhood of the 7th Day", the movie shows 7 events, each with one day a week, where suicide approaches using characters and different situations each time the letter makes it round. Do not take this if you like Hollywood movies or music, enjoy the latest movies or even away "or the usual" or expect the film to be just good, if it focuses on action point. Nihilistic, the avant-garde method of Der Todesking defines well, why the Buttgereit films are generally banned in Germany, their native country, during the 80's and over 90 years. Todesking is not focused on the characters that appear on the screen, but the trivial preference or depression the lives of most people include in general. Buttgereit does not find reasons to continue living, just because of stopping, and in choosing how and when you die, you can also become king of death, Der Todesking. Buttgereit Movies are generally difficult for communities and Der Todesking are not discriminatory. Featuring the same staff and almost the same as all other films, "film art" would have an almost every description. Der Todingking includes the original way to shoot, create a mood and handle the main thing in almost every area. During one event, the camera slowly, continuous pans in 360 degrees, when someone lives in a small apartment room apartment per day. Sometimes, Buttgereit uses a corrupt voice and film to show the mental state of the person, when he lives in his despair. At the third time, the names of the most beautiful places are considered to be good, age and work of real people committed to the screen, allegedly a ban on Germany in this special movie. one, if events are easily connected, are generally affected by the absence, and Der Todesking is not an exception. When all events have a similar view of death caused by the result or result in all differences, there are very powerful events, but part or two can even be seen as filling equipment, in part to eliminate the overall capacity of the film - still, jaw -discipline, the most powerful exhibition showing the body that is degrading to keep the film together and purify it from the most unfamiliar time for the great state. The most common atmosphere is surprising, stimulating, suppressing and sometimes even disgusting - so much that most people were left in the cinema during a cinema show on the film I used. This is one movie that leaves a permanent feeling and I strongly recommend it to anyone who is looking for special experience and something that they will surely remember in the coming years. It is not recommended for fans of the heart or showing time, this is a small, different film that raises sensitivity to the audience. If it is confused, surprised or even hated, you can not leave the cold with this, in my best opinion, the success of these small indie workers. The main theme of the movie, "Die Fahrt ins Reich der Menschentrümmer part of I-III" was released in the 666 vinyl version of "vinyl" which is very much needed. Nekromantik ", which I strongly recommend the Lo-Fi music synthesizer in the film is dark and quirky, close to the worst situation, makes an important part of the film atmosphere, and is something that you would like very much, rarely hear otherwise.
