"If you touch the first with pleasure and guilt, like a young boy's flirt and fear, as the climax of the opposite feeling" said one of the film blows after watching LOVE AT THE TOP, the version of an unfamiliar translation of fashion director Michel Deville'S MOUTON KIMA. Vincent Canby in New York Times, however, only after the premiere of the premiere of the movie said: “LOVE AT TOP which opened yesterday at 68th Street Playhouse, is 1973 comedy The French which dimly remembers the number of nineteen and five of the English comedies on the rise and rise of stupid men who have ?? and have a desire and desire. ”However, the great difference that he mentioned was the fact that THE EARTH AT THE TOP and the English class system ... (January 27, 1975) After leaving the assessment up to special people, in fact, the test of time has done its work only. It can say with certainty after more than 30 years that we can't get movies such as LE MOUTON ENRAGE where damages seem innocent, where relationships seem to be enthusiastic for young people, where feelings occur effectively. For the fans of Romy Schneider, it seems to be meaningless to explain that this film must see, not only because it provides a unique function (as he did in all its roles) during his working days (years 9 before his death suddenly, but because he is very good here. It is not a TRIO INFERNAL where, so to speak, 'escape run' and from the shock of the image of Romy sweet haunted for years and saccharin Sissi meets its faint performances, but the film where a talented actress is given the role of justice. She plays Roberte, a woman who becomes a lust for storytelling, playboy Nicolas Mallet (Jean Louis Trintignant). He is the one who takes financial advantage from the desire for covetousness. This film can be proud of Romy's unique and unique styles and are given some of its best events. The sexual appeal of Romy is unknown here. The most powerful film of its film is its content implementation and development of individual perspective. Evil as it may seem, the director makes full use of differences: gatherings or pleasures, innocence of innocence, true desire vs. health issues. Nicola owns many things that viewers may like or dislike, may get interesting or disgusting; however, it is the qualities that the audience should treat in detail, rather than saying, only we all should accept. That is why, one is dominated by the alone, gentle wild, the unique world of the main character. Although she sleeps with many women, there are two women representing the opposite world of Nicola: Roberte Groult (Romy Schneider) and Marie-Paul (Jane Birkin). He guides them, makes them love, cannot avoid all their desires for their flesh and money; however, he sees them differently. However, with all of the adult growth, he is emotionally like a young boy playing with a car-toy on the table - a kind of 'deep understanding in the male mind' 'in a pleasant way, of course. <br /> <br /> Finally, there is a very good display, which makes LE MOUTON a little lower. Not only is Romy Schneider mentioned above doing the task of giving the audience an extraordinary insight into his role, but young Jane Birkin seems to be persuasive in the role of unskilled youth, Marie Paul, Jean Louis Trintignant makes it possible to see Nicola in the right way. This artistic description in the exhibition goes with the music with Camille Saint-Saëns, a voice that will describe your ears for a long time. Therefore, apart from certain errors of the film as a color color, the slower point (sometimes), the possible clichés (seen by the audience), the attributes should be found necessary. <br /> <br /> LE MOUTON INRAGE, in general, is a clear manifestation of different controls in life. It is important to note that during the work of Romy, the introduction of fierce competition, the opposite of the opposite, the love and hatred, gratitude and hatred compared to the first and first orgasm of angasm ... But not we, human beings, 'viewers , 'the films of the film built on these differences?
