I can't say a lot about Califorant yet I haven't seen the whole thing (I just saw it with pieces and pieces in Fuse.) But what I saw was amazing! I am a fan of Brad Pitt but I don't agree that all of his original films are very good. But this role, I just, her acting is good, her habit soon looked so commonly well-creepy, dark weird but you know usually for a kind of hillbilly that I think. And Juliette Lewis's performance although I can see how some people might get angry and I think it's strange. Unfortunately I have not yet seen the end, but due to reading other reviews here it seems to be good, but sad. I agree that I would like David Duchovany's (sorry if the spelling on that was wrong) was a little flat but for him it was okay. His wife's behavior was better, and I thought her performance when not the best in the film was beautiful, a picture of a sister of avant-gard sister / sister. Specifically the area where Early and Brian goes to play on the beach, and Adele and Carrie get one at a time together. I looked at this area at least twice now and I still think acting in it is very strange. One of the reasons that Adele shows after talking about being raped by three people and how she feels about the Early and Carrie response. Everything that I think is very effective. I mean, maybe it's because I can involve a little, I don't know. On behalf of Brad Pitt who kills an ordinary killer that we actually see at once; I thought he was good. Some of the movies and Pitt that I saw were average or not worth seeing. I don't think I've ever seen a horrible movie of Pitt or if it is not because of its action is another reason. This movie was not one of them. Performed good performance in California. I swear I am not just random I like him to acting it not because he's good looking, I mean his character in this movie is not very good or cute in any way! Pitt is dark, frequent and causes terrible. Yet he is also happy, funny, beautiful, and even love for Adele. In fact there are some ads that made me get through the TV and pick him up but that is probably only me (and Pitt's behavior on the film.) But it also shows how Pitt's good work was in this film made me forget that he was playing character, that's what a good act is supposed to do. At any rate I would like to say more, but that's all I can say without seeing the end, I've seen many movies through what I have taken to Fuse and if I write this I put it on DVR so hope I can write a review The most complete future. I just wanted to share my thoughts on a film that I thought was a real thing and something that seems to be ignored (shouldn't have!)
