I had seen 'California' before (it must be about 10 years ago) and I still remember very interesting with that. That is why I wanted to see it again and all I can say is that it has never lost its power, although I have spent much more time coming to the movie than I was ten years ago. <Br /> <br /> 'Kalifornia' says the story of writer Brian Kessler and his partner Carrie Laughlin, a photographer, who wants to move to California. But instead of going on the open and jumping right to the situation where they say it's never rain, they choose to make a trip to the car. He wants to write a book about the most famous serial killers and will make similar pictures. But because their car uses a lot of gasoline, they decide to take another wife with them, so they can spread the cost of the trip. Only one brother has added, so they will be fortunate directly. But they have not yet met with the time to see some friends for the first time, when their journey has started, Carrie is shocked. Without wanting to have discrimination, he can only conclude that the original Grayce and Corner Adele is a poor white trailer car park. He certainly does not want to be in his car, but Brian doesn't know how to pick them up and decide to stop and pick them up yet. At first the couple do not seem to be bad after all, but the early gray Grayce changes from a remote mountain to an innocent killer. in our four ways. Brad Pitt is wonderful as the Grayce of Early. Its performance in this movie can be better ever. It's OK for Juliette Lewis. He loves a boyfriend and a boy who doesn't want to hear a bad word about the beginning and he does it very well. But David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes are also a surprise too. They both did a very good job and I wonder why we have never heard anything from Forbes again since this film, because she shows that she has many talents. Overall this is a very good and amazing thriller psychological story with a very powerful story, but because of stupid violence, I can think that it can be everyone's taste (though I don't see another way how to show a common killer in a reliable way. Of course I liked this film and violence never hurt me (it's part of a story that is very important to be left out). I enjoy this film and 8/10.
