In the same line as natural killers, another film that was not popular for critics because of its many violence but also loved her, Kalifornia is a movie that clearly shows the abuse, but I would like to think that it turns out to be the last act. Kinds such as the Balloon Basketball Balloon Player's favorite ball for the first time, but it shows the worst side to the end of the film, which is worse than the good side is good. David Duchovny plays with Brian Kessler, the artists and the most beautiful modern yuppie girl, who is in the picture of the black and white color in general, I don't know where, where the deception passes through art. Maybe it's true and I don't know. At any rate, Brian and Carrie (Duchovny and Michelle Forbes, who are responsible for equality), make the perfect couple go on a trip to the famous tourist destination. Brian, the author, will write a book, Carrie can take pictures. Being the art forms, Brian and Carrie are not financially ready for the trip, so they offer an advertisement for the person to share gas and transport costs, and contact Grace Grace and Adele Corners (Brad Pitt and Juliette Lewis). ). Earlier it is about violence and a traditional job at the local university and its parole officer, sees an announcement on the board of information, and decides to leave the government for a while, breaking his freedom and also leaving the homestead of the landlord so it will not work and the investigation of the pesky murder. Two birds with one stone, you know. <br /> <br /> The movie has a curious ability to show two displays, yuppies of art and the desired trailer of greas, without using clichés or even ending with caricatures of any kind. Brian and Carrie are independent of art, but when Carrie has caught up with Mapema and Adele, Brian is fascinated by the early condition as defendant, as shown in the area where Brian hits the original gun. Never did he run the gun before, he was attracted as a little child. When Adele and Carrie return to the hotel and Adele reveals these things through the child as the fact that Early "broke" the cigarette and that it is not allowed to drink (Earlier they don't think women should), Early and Brian are out on the inner bar. Brian is invited by a drunkard to begin a fight with him, and earlier he advises Brian on what to do and then comes in and gets a quick lesson for a guy. "Umshinde, Bibi, is comin '." This is one of my episodes of love in the movie, because because it's amazing what Early says with cunning as a boyfriend drives, beaten and beaten, but also because it's intercut with girls back in the hotel, we learn so much at once about two couples, their differences, and conflicts that are possible to come because of them. And more than that, because Brian benefited from the initial actions and Carrie is amazed at what she is hearing from Adele, it also shows different ways that Carrie and Brian are responding to the Early Age and Adele. Obviously, for now, you can tell that this is not your kind of wonderful kind of couple, where the city people are in line with people of the country and all kinds of strange values. On the one hand it seems much easier that Brian and Carrie go to tourist sites and it just happens to accompany the true killer, but on the other hand it is a good way to deal with the glory of a murder that is natural in the cross country's cross designed to bring praise to the killers and their crimes. When learning the actions of former killers, Brian and Carrie finally find themselves face-to-face with the material they are learning, and realize that the killings are not pleasant or appropriate in your face as you go through the past killings. <br /> <br /> I have destroyed myself by Brad Pitt's deception as an actor. Think, for example, its roles in movies like California, 12 Monkeys, Fight Club, and 11 and 12 Ocean. Pitt is like Tom Hanks for that he can change his appearance or enough enough character given, and it is entirely believed. Unfortunately, I tried free to be Grace Grace for Halloween this year, but she couldn't find hair and beard straight. I even got the right hat, which I previously thought would be the most difficult part. It is easy to understand why many people do not accept Kalapi or why they think it promotes violence and murder, but I think that whatever promotes it is done to clarify the understanding of the audience. Films that did not promote violence, at least at the beginning, can not be effective as California, but the movie tightens perfectly. All glory is associated with Brian and Carrie's idea of ​​the assassination and auras of the areas that have happened, but to recognize them, and ours, is in reality, that they meet with Mapema and Adele. The purpose of the movie is to describe the difference between despising violence and seeing the closest and real fear.
