It's a road to the road, and the killer on the board. Brian Kessler (David Duchovny), a modern author of urbane, wants to do a field survey on US serial killers. But, neither he, or his girlfriend, Carrie (Michelle Forbes), has money for a tour of the country of the killings, so they announce to someone to share travel costs. Those who end up are young couples, Genesis Grayce (Brad Pitt) and his girlfriend, Adele (Juliette Lewis), the two best examples of "poor garbage" will never get all the movies. Of course, earlier and Adele is what makes this film an entertaining, if it hits, becomes, says, sets, reflects, uses, and in other ways goes in ways that I have never ever been to "Beverly Hillbillies". ". The early idea of ​​California: "People think quickly out there, because of the warm weather, cold weather makes people stupid". That's enough to persuade Adele: "I think it explains why there are so many ignorant here." Which earlier responds proudly: "It certainly makes it". Earlier she continues to tell Adele about California: "You don't need to buy fruit, because it's all about the trees ... and they don't have the limits of speed, and hear your first month's taxes are free, the government's rules" But the poor early has problems The other intellectual, which seem more obvious to Brian and Carrie as four travelers continue to the west in the United States When they enter the west-western desert, with its very beautiful surroundings. , "California" begins to look more and more like "Hitcher" (1986), and soon begins to do more and more like John Ryder, the brutal person of every deceptive, whose terrorism seemed to be unable to fail. "Kalifornia", acting is not recommended. Duchovny's performance is flat. Brad Pitt is amazingly effective, despite his frustration sometimes. Michelle Forbes is as good as avant-garde, the artist's image. But my choice for better performance goes to Juliette Lewis. With his nose and inspiration of South roles, he is stunning, like Akhona, and very animated, like a child <br /> <br /> At the end, the film takes the Twilight Zone to feel, as our travelers enter the test site Nevada's nuclear and home-filled mannequins. The program gently clears up unnecessary and arrogant violence, the end that was disturbed. Overall, however, "Kalifornia" is a recreational film, with a clever concept, a good environment, especially in the second half, beautiful movies, good conversation, and good performance of Juliette Lewis.
