Although I am grateful for this unfamiliar gem of the filming of the Italian 70s recently released in the recent Grindhouse Experience, and although it is also available on the discs under a misleading and stupid head "Escape from Death Death", in fact I think he deserves a suitable and affordable DVD version, completely in its previously mentioned languages ​​and the option of the head (dubbing is awesome), the quality of the image restored and the payment of the truck's additional special features! Heck, I don't need the quality of the image to be returned and the bonus features only if we can watch the film in its original language. "He means Frank and Crazy Tony" is a mafia / happy crime very quickly with many genius, comedy (which, legitimate, unwanted work), female beauty and two wonderful characters. Tony Lo Bianco is as strong as a small string like pretending to be a big Don city. While the real crime Frankie Dio (Lee Van Cleef) arrived in the city, she sees a chance to climb up the level by providing her services. Frankie initially hates a little hippo, but eventually he creates an impossible team when the Frankie crime crime will all rise against him and a new French criminal even to kill Frankie's guilty brother. Tony helps Frankie escape from prison and together they go to Marseille to take Frankie's revenge. The script for this crime of crime is intended to destroy false and suspended action of light-directed bits, such as a large car moving through the narrow mountain road of French for example. Building towards the implementation of the mafia system (led by the best scores of Riz Ortolani) is too much time and real killings are sad and merciless, which is probably why the film is considered to be the classic grindhouse. The film does not have a strong female leadership, as beautiful and amazing beauty Edwige Fenech sadness only appears in several cases, and then still back. On the men behind the camera, responsible for great movies, was not down then Joe D'Amato. The great movie, it was highly recommended for fans of Italian exploitation, and hope to look at it again soon in the previous edition.
