I have never heard of Leos Carax until its part of Merde in previous years Tokyo, and easily stand out three stories of the film. It was not my short favorite, but it was quite unique, and more exhibitions. "Lovers in Bridge" was the first of its full length features I saw, a romostic romantic film that uses pictures and music to communicate with a little boy coming into poetry. Although he identifies himself as a new neo-vogue, his films should have many films like 60-year-old experiments. His movies are close to Jean Vigo in "L'atlante", Jean Cocteau, and Guy Maddin, than Godard and Truffaut . The boy lives the Carax Girl in 1984 beginning using black and white and relying heavily on the visual representation to show the emotional states. She shares the world of Maddin's shortage, but according to the reality that does not seem strong like Cocteau, but because of its words it becomes more accessible, emotionally, and participating as Vigo movies. Boy Loves Girl is simple, and similar to the following two Carax films including this trilogy "Teenagers". A boy named Alex played with Denis Lavant (who plays the Alex Alex in Carax of the following two movies), has been neglected by his beloved partner who has fallen in love with his best friend. In the first place he almost kills his friend on the boardwalk but stops short of murder. She walks around to remind her of the sounds of her neighbors having sex, and the day of her boyfriend and good friend get closer. He stole the record for him and leaves them in his friend's apartment, but avoids contact with one of them directly. He surrounds and finds a way to go to a party, where he meets a young woman who committed suicide, and the film becomes part of "Breathless" and part "Limelight". It is later advised by an old language sign of "self-expression ... young people today like they forgot how to talk." An older man gives anecdote about working in the days of silent film, and how the actors appear on the stage of being a "lion" at the front of the camera. There the film proposes his hand, but more memory of the silent film is an important part, because it encompasses the film style (silence and speaker), and the content (a lovelorn boy struggling to make the courage to speak and do the things he wishes). Although Alex emerges for the first time and the romantic law has come from his end, he is a shy actor who thanks to the lion for promoting a film of his inner feelings that are not easy to close the nail from time to time, away from the ambition. fall in love. There is a scene in the film where Alex leaves the party in the room where visitors have destroyed their children and newborns, all crying in chorus filling the room, until he blows the children's show to make them fall silent. With enough to look at, the TV is about to play a secret bathroom camera that shows the host bothering himself in his pig about someone missing. As Carax expresses himself and disrespects of the many types of coming to the story of an old man who tries to tell them (a room full of infants), he is mature enough to see through the original lovelorn in everything the crosses of the film. Even the rich man, the ball bell has a missing brother. In another area an astronaut of the past in the month he walked during his youth while striking silent sauce. Even though it is debt to the pre-talkies, Carax is a professional musician, knowing when the pipe in the "Holiday Holiday Cambodia" of Dead Kennedy, or David Bowie's songs in advance, the voice of the piano player, or the girl who screams. <br /> <br /> Boy Gets a Girl, when someone gets their heart broken we see blood shed from their shirt, while two kiss on the road they spin 360 degrees as attached to the platform, while Alex enters the party feels out of place, its because most people attract the world is really in attendance; as a famous writer who cannot speak because of the bullet that was used on his brain, or the immortal world of 1950 standing near the astronaut. This film is a lost link between Jean Piere Jenuet, Michel Gondry, and Wes Anderson, whose stylistic continues with quirky stories of whimsy, all of which are compatible with different pictures, music, and emotional in these Carax movies. Every line of dialogue, every piece of music and every effect and editing on this film was recommended by me to a certain level of emotion, some of which have no words to describe. There are many stories of a boy encounter with a girl, but instead of examining the banal details of a particular event this movie takes the true pleasure of the desires of the youth and desires. Other movies you want can wait. See this first. If I would like to make movies, I would like to be like this, in fact I would like all movies were like this, where ephemeral becomes much greater than life, and life itself becomes a dream.
