Put yourself in Carla's shoes. He is a very unidentified administrator, who does not appreciate who is invisible. You know her: she has taught her last three servants, knows where all the bodies are closed and can even go back to you in the mirror when you break your teeth. Always have some time of non-gratitude work and do better than most, despite severe disability, has a desk in the bedroom room which becomes a semi-final cup of coffee-cutting coffee. When? Don't want to hear? Indeed, he cannot and cannot help you until your hearing aid is located. Prepare a life experience from a sense of hearing. Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) needs a change in her life. Work leads anywhere; The friends rely on their internal needs and the only way out begins with the fall that goes unnoticed. He will not take a holiday - the contract goes to the key - so the only alternative is to hire an assistant. Carla presents the requirements that show her real needs: a man 'well organized'. This brings the applicant with permission that reminds us that we should be careful with our wishes. Paul (Vincent Cassell) does anything wrong from the start of his job interview and his employment clearly shows Carla's interest in his non-work qualities. He sees the possibility of this former thief and as the story continues, their relationship grows in an unfamiliar example of cooperation. Paul has a bad change in the world outside the prison walls and finds himself in another form of prison: one of the office forms and one of the permanent service to pay off the old debt. His knowledge as a thief helps Carla to win political battles in the office. But Paul sees great opportunities and knowledge of Carla in oral reading and persuading him even more in a controversial world. This is a cruel film of films that has never been linked to and fit for older youths. Carla is growing stronger, academic and personal, as the story continues and its disability offers good advantages over others. She grows up as a woman discovering her physical side when she uses her resources to overcome the obstacles to compete in a man's world. <br /> <br /> The two main characters intersect in a wonderful way. Without Paul, Carla will remain in his place. He has compassion for us, hopes and best wishes even if he does not make good decisions along the way. You will hear the world through Carla's ears, from the bad changes of your hearing aid, voice sounds, all but unknown without a different voice when you see who speaks. For one of the main disabilities, we see Carla has increased strength to pay compensation. And we can use it to hear just what people say, but also what they mean.
