WWE has provided some of the most negative views of every day in its history over the past few months. On the Cyber ​​Sunday, a series of Muslims and December of Exploration were amazingly say at least and so it was dependent on the B brand display, Smackdown! try to try to finish the year for a high note. Armageddon had two major gimmick matches in the final match with the Inferno, three champions were in line with the most dramatic event in the battle of the team that had Batista and John Cena against King Booker and Finlay. However, it was just one of the championship matches that did not only bring you to the game of the night but it is also now a year's contest at Teddy Long gave us early Christmas fans. T-Lo changed the WWE Team Team Championship Championship, London and Kendrick against Regal and Taylor on four teams of Ladder team including MNM and Hardy Boyz. <br /> <br /> I won't stay on this very match if nothing I can say will be able to do right. This seems reliable. There were many high spots and many brutal terraces and awkward landings. One step I must talk about is however one that has taken Joey Mercury directly into the emergency room in the middle of the competition. Jeff Hardy jumped on a level that was established in the position to see with Matt Hardy doing all the members of MNM on its end to take full force. Unfortunately for Mercury did not have her hands to protect her face and take the full level to the nose and the left eye. This was bad. His face was a mess for all to see and it is not surprising that this last Mercury night earlier. We found later he found a broken nose and reduced under his left eye. You understand. This is not in the heart of despair. At the end of the match, Paul followed the London championship. I have been looking at the war for almost 15 years and is no longer available than this match. Unbelievable. The night was opened and just 4th of the Inferno. Kane took MVP in a good match but it was all about seeing and not about action. There were a few close calls to fire for all competitors but eventually it was Kane who forced MVP on fire after both of them ended out of the ring. MVP ran the ring when his butt was hot and there was a patient's part of me who laughed this look. I would like to tell Michael Hayes that MVP comes next week on Smackdown! for Johnny Cash Fire. Another game of the gimmick of the night, and the second match of the third major event was the final battle of the Ride between Mr Kennedy and Undertaker. This was a hard match from the beginning to the end and was the best of the Undertaker series and Kennedy have been still. The consumption used, seats and one area had an undertaker cast 15 feet from Armageddon placed on what they thought to be a real floor. Unfortunately it was clear that this was nothing but the crash of the crash and the crowd did not strike for this. The end came after chokeslam and The Dead Man for Kennedy on the hearse followed quickly and the match winning match. <br /> <br /> In other things known from the card. Chris Benoit won Chavo Guerrero by presenting on another hard match. This was a very good bout with Benoit hitting 8 German issues in Chavo at one time. Benoit was thinking of putting Vikki Guerrero in a sharpshooter or not. Luckily he came to his mind and let him go. This led Chavo to try to give birth just to be counted on a sharpshooter for presentation. Another losing game on the card was the championship of the championship championship champion of championship for WWE, Gregory Helms and Jimmy Wang Yang. Together with many jumping and dangerous areas, some of which were out of the ring, this was the most appropriate match for people 's answers than what it had. JBL made it better when he beat fans in Richmond, Virginia to stay in their hands at this time and at the same time and even started singing positively. Helms took a duke after running a jawbreaker type with his knees for Smackdowns! redneck resident. Boogeyman put Miz in the wrong match. I love Boogeyman with enthusiasm. It is only important to listen to the return of the JBL about Miz. JBL is a beautiful gold. The last night of the night was the main event of the 3th. There was no way of winning the match against the Tag team in the beginning but did not accept it at all. The match would have been less memorable if it was given five to ten minutes more but how many times have I said about WWE this year already. He was King Booker who was hit at the end of the match after a great Batistabomu. In 2006 you have gone to WWE with a timetable-payment schedule. It started a year with a terrible note with the New Year Revolution but it completed on top with Armageddon. This Ladder game will be remembered as long as one of the greatest levels of all time. My hat is far from all eight competitors but who have their bodies on the line to give fans the same spirit of matches.
