"Death brings mobile" is one of the original "Columbo" events that have helped clarify the show for the next thirty years. It shows the first of four exhibitions of Robert Culp (three as a killer), with the same role in each show. <br /> <br /> In this case Culp has played Brimmer, the head of a large private investigating company who is asked to investigate if the wife of a rich newspaper magazine, Lord Kennicut, does something. Although he is, Brimmer decides not to mention Kennicut, hoping that he can catch his wife with the return of information about her husband's business partners. He has a negative view of this proposal, the debate goes on which turns violent as Brimmer has raised his face. Because he is wearing a large ring, the blow blows down and kills him. <br /> <br /> There are some very valuable moments in this period. One of my favorite screens is where Columbo pretends to be in reading-rock, although this is actually opposing the shape and size of the Brimmer ring without acknowledging that he knows the killer wearing the ring. Columbo to Columbo, only shows what he knows when time is right to turn a little screws. In the beginning, he makes a part of a man with a simple mind, who gets excited to "a life-long life on a new hill", or some ignorance of palm-jumbo reading. The biggest area is when Brimmer tries to give Columbo work for his company, effectively throwing him by stopping his poking around. Again, Columbo does not show that he knows what is going on, pretending to be respected and exciting to provide this job. And there's another where Columbo says to Kennicut, in front of Brimmer, that he wants the killer can hear their conversation. He wants to tell Brimmer that he is on it, without accusing him directly, so instead of brutality (but understandable in the context) he decides to play mindgames on Brimmer to catch him with fear and do something stupid. What he does! All the time, sadly Kennicut does not know the subject of this conversation. It's almost the end that Columbo describes all for Kennicut (not shown on screen). I will not reveal how Columbo finally nails the killer bang right, but let's just say there are potatoes involved. .. <br /> <br /> Very good place, maybe the best of the first series. If you liked this then you would like "Double View" too, with Robert Culp.
