This was the first part of the Columbo movie's original film but it said as a second, after "Columbo: Killed by the Book" of Steven Spielberg. It is also at the same time among the best! <br /> <br /> Bernard L. Kowalski was a good creative director! It is not surprising that later they asked him to lead more other Columbo movies. The movie has some realistic creative and shooting and movie generally also open to style, enthusiasm and eye for details. Each shot connects to the reason why this movie is excellent and it also looks just any other moderate made for TV film. It is obviously one of the best-looking Columbo movies. <br /> <br /> It stops entering Columbo for several reasons. These killings are more or less accidental and it was an impulsive act. So the killer at this time do not have time to arrange "full killing" early and clean up any future events and needs to remove the body. The killer in this movie is not only addressed as a person who committed a crime but more like someone who helps out Lietenant Columbo to solve the murder. It makes the character more interesting and layered as well as also helps to make Columbo's way to solve all crimes seem to be more interesting as a result of it. Of course Columbo begins to accuse him at the beginning and always comes to the solution by pretending to be tough and seem to be more stupid than he really is and to get the trust of the killer. This is clearly no spoiler since this is the way each movie of Columbo heating. I loved the story of the film and how it went. It also helps the film that has such a beautiful cast. During this film Peter Falk had done Columbo himself and his character had already been built. Robert Culp is very good as a short brimmer. Interestingly, he will have a future star in three Columbo movies again and one part "Mrs Columbo", just in different roles. He even killed the killer in several movies as well. He was not the only actor who did this in other Columbo movies. Also Ray Milland's great act is seen in this film, as the victim's husband. All in all, the original original Columbo movie and among the best ones from the long series of films. <br /> 9/10
