OK. I agree. I am one of those who have spent a lot of hours with my favorite DVD player and my beautiful TV watch series of false science. The Star Trek (Generation Next) was my first day of chance, and since then I have shared it regularly. I have seen all, apparently, and my favorites are "Lexx", "Farscape" and the new "Battlestar Galactica", in other words: newer, the state of the art of space operation. But, I also generally violate the previously planned, these are cheap, such as the four most popular BBC show «Blakes7». Here, the budget is smaller than hobbits, special effects appear to be made by Commodore 64, but it cares when the scripts are bright and with writing written with dark humor, acting badly and sometimes even the top class? > <br /> But why say English every time? Because this is not the future, it's fantasy for children. However, it may be angry sometimes. I, in Norway, have often witnessed this horrible reality that one never makes a series of genre, as a science fiction, for Scandinavia viewers. I have never thought of the fact that this could have happened. But he did, in fact, once, and even in my own country, Norway. I was two years old when Fjernsynsteatret (part of the TV show) of our public service center Nrk produced this third edition of Blindpassasjer (The Stowaway). When I first heard, I was not surprised by the fact that even this day, the show has been examined only once in Norway, making it possible for me to see the truth. It continued on Swedish, Danish and Finnish television, at the time, but it was a long time ago. There was no video or release of DVD, not surprising, and when it was tested on the movie theater, this occurred in Bergen, a town far from Oslo (where I live). And then there is another truth about "Blindpassasjer" that didn't surprise me, that is written by two Norwegian authors Norway Tor Åge Bringsværd and Jon Bing (Bing & Bringsværd). This duo basically introduced the type of SciFi to the people of Norway in the seventy years; they publish anthologies and write what they call fable prose. In my opinion, Bringsværd is more interesting than two authors, and has written several great novels and entertainment, even masterpieces, some of them hilarious, like "Bazar" and «Syvsoverskens Dystre Frokost». No other than this person, also a popular sports player, can create a script of "Blindpassasjer". When I finally had to look at it, it was because a wonderful swede that wrote three VCR sessions in the 80's, finally managed to make it a DVD and give it to me. He was a good bloke. So I sat down and looked at it, with the Swedish head down, bad sound and some mistakes and mistakes; but that came and I was surprised that I finally loved you. <br /> <br /> External events with spaceships and planets are better than those of Blakes7, and credit goes to the Caprino studio (who made the famous Flåklypa Grand Prix), and the Marco Polo interior (shipping space) ) works better than I expected. Acting is usually a show, but it works better than when they play Ibsen, to put it gently, and Bjørn Floberg is doing his work as hard, like Trini Lund. The story of Henny Moan has given its lines in a loud and beaten manner that resembles that type, but this is a joint game, and I am happy to say that Ola B. Johannesen carries his mustache with respect, and Marit Østbye is a hot temperature my standards. But is it so good? Well, one must enter a sudden end, a serious criticism of the "modern society", but yes, it is good, not really wonderful, but it is not changed, it can not, can not and can be interesting. One hour and a half of SciFi's Norwegian size.
