Sur mes lèvres or READ MY LIPS is fine little bit that also examines the life of 'outsiders', people who live in the periphery of our vision who struggle with the need to 'fit in'. Director Jacques Audiard and collaborator Tonino Benacquista have created tension, tight, quite a bit awesome entertainment that makes some of the most important statements about outside the ordinary people and their plights. Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) is a plain Jane, more than a deaf, a member of the thirty who is unknown to a company whose life is one of social exclusion and sex and whose view of the future is white. Insert Paul (Vincent Cassel) recently released by a former member who responds to the announcement to be Carla's assistant. There is a round of physical repulsion at the first meeting: Carla was hoping for a well-groomed, genteel man could fulfill her fantasies and Paul is dirty, unkempt sleazy boy who is not feeling to be a clerk. Their concept will change rather quickly when Paul salvages work Carla by filling his request by stealing a letter that costs him his work and Paul realizes Carla's mouth reading ability which sees as a way to spy on criminals from behind him threatening his life for money to be paid . So these regular team members join forces and colleagues in danger of being filled with danger to Paul's safety and freedom. The connection is full of twists and the edge of the chaotic curiosity and each of these characters likely to fulfill the roles in their lives that fill the chinks in their walls separated by amazingly <br /> <br /> Devos and Cassel offer the braille displays. and the remainder of the cast is very safe. Once again Alexandre Desplat has produced a number of musical symbols that increase tension with the film writer Mathieu Vadepied finds all the lights and fingers of the right to propose a world of isolation to the characters and the Hitchcockian sense of emphasis. Audiard's wise director will undermine the reason that is at once sensitive to change stories: show us the difference between 'hearing' around and without hearing aid and doing so makes some of the most powerful social views. This is a good film that remains in the best French films of Ghana. Recommended. Grady Harp
