All of you who have longed to look at the weaknesses and weaknesses of the final Disney Studios crop, here comes something that has to heal your wounds ... Once and for all, Bug life brings proof that unique text-making images make a good impression The more interest than the drawings of "fake-old-Disneys-like" (see King Lion, Pocahontas, and all the latest products where the sadness of Bambi's magical nature and atmosphere has gone forever). The life of the worm (1001 Pattes for my French cinemaniaks!) Successfully avoids the absence of everything that makes you wake up in the middle of the movie and say "Hey, this is a computers!". There is no weak spot, a great effort to show its effectiveness in nature and a general look for a set, a fantastic 3D flight (almost complete in copying the reality) ... and that only refers to technical factors. <Br /> <br /> Status, my friends, the real spine of motion picture, has thickness! Surprisingly, and indeed thanks to the team of Lasseter, there is practically no chain of music in the life of the bug. The meaning of the story is long and rich enough to withdraw itself from 3 or 4 minutes that other children know, but many others do not like (one thing for parents or fans of anime, like me). This movie reminded me of an old movie with Steve Martin and Chevy Chase: Amigos 3; it was essentially the original story (the whole Mexican village that lived in the fear of a few people employs fighters (who eventually turn into actors) to protect them, etc ...). Simple, but effective, and gently, adapted to the colony of insects that are feared by the insect pest. Since Microcosmos, many movies describe the stories of insects, their lives, fears and hopes, but I think that the life of the bug is the funniest and best orders of all. The human process has been successful ... And all the listeners were attracted to the Flik's ad (Aka Tilt in France). Thank you for the Lasseter team, especially for the last 30 seconds. .. it is so amazing and beautiful at one time to see all the themes that were hit in laughter when the bugs / executives forgot their lines or hit the camera ... And finally, especially for those of you who have seen the French version, other congratulations go to dubbing executives they did a good film on this movie. The bug's life is a piece of good entertainment, and I think it will soon be a part of my video collection (the privilege given to very small movies, and not the problem of the storage room :). Go see it, that's the command.
