Pixar has achieved great success for years and the full time CGI movies that have made. "Bug's life" was the second of the series of things they did so far, before the length of the company's feature, "Toy Story" which fell under the film, which was the first movie of the long CGI. I remember when this monitoring was widely advertised during its release in the late 1990s, but I have never seen until November 2006. I watched it twice a month, and over three years later, I saw the third time. It has never stressed me like any Pixar film I have seen, but after looking at the third, I still think it's better than any other films I've got from DreamWorks Animation. <br /> <br /> Ant Island is a sandy sandy house. These insects are compelled to collect food for a group of pastors who come and take it every year. One member of this colony is Flik, ​​an unfortunate inventor who is causing trouble and its innovation, though it does not mean. One year, when colonialism has finished preparing the annual sacrifice, Flik injures through an accident in the stream before these animals arrive! Poor leader, Hopper, decides to give them a second chance to collect food and be ready for the end of the season, but they will need to double the sacrifice! Flik describes the colonial council of the colony that is going to get "military beetles" to fight with the pastors when they return. King Atta, the future Queen, allows her to go to this mission so she cannot be near to cause trouble when the colony tries to collect food for other offerings. The inventor finds a group of bugs he thinks are fighters, but after taking them back to Ant Island and introducing them, he learns that they are not fighters, but the seat beetle! <br /> <br /> The main reason why this second Pixar feature has never been amazing is that it can be characters. For me, not one of them has ever stood as they can, and is generally seen as a little. Fortunately, however, it is not like "Shark Tale", a film with a very sophisticated and invisible character. "Bug life" has good quality habits, which viewers can strengthen. The story also appears often sometimes, but for the most part, it is good enough to keep the film at least entertaining, and sometimes has a good doubt, especially later. Humor, like other films, is not as good as it would be, but there is obviously short, some of them involve Francis, a woman who has sometimes lost to a woman. You can always expect a great animation from Pixar, and animation in this effort they are not discriminating. For all this movie should give, it may be a little disappointment when it comes to Pixar levels, but it's a good family recreation.
