Carla works for a property developer where she enjoys being uncomfortable, untouched and wished. He is also deaf. His master provides an opportunity to hire someone to reduce his heavy work so that he can use the opportunity to protect himself from the male company. Help comes in the form of Paul, the covering of the sculpture will be released out of prison and it is certainly not controlled by the usual environmental characteristics. Sexual tension arises between two of them and Carla is determined to stop him despite his refusal to accept work week. When Carla came out of the key contract he was talking to with a heavy colleague she used Paul 's crime to make her a contract. His colleagues quickly knows that he is behind the robbery, but when he fights with him, be ready for Paul to beat people in the face comes also for the benefit - but this thuggery comes in price. Paul is given to 'go up' with other group friends as a reminder of unpaid debts. He creates a plan that uses Carla's oral reading ability to refuse a group of gangsters. It is now on Carla's side to bring in a new world of fear. Fourth element from director Jacques Audiard, 'READ MY SPIRIT' starts as a romantic romantic game between those lost lost only by transferring half a gear up to a gold rush where their symbiotic deficiency makes them The winners. Guidelines are excellent; without assuring us that these ordinary couples can connect the truth. The first meeting of Carla and Paul is an enjoyable horse where he tries to lose his loyalty and the behavior of jailbird just to discover that he was, even recently, jelabird. Emmanuelle Devos, who plays Carla, has the closest ability to go from dowdy to good and go back into shape. Vincent Cassel plays Paul as a dog dog who looks just at home when he gets to beat or eliminate the deficit that is likely to kill him. <br /> <br /> Like many French films, 'READ MY FAMILY' looks, for the first time, being on something until you start down the face and find that maybe on everything. The only quote is a discussion about the lost wife of Paul's officer; A seemingly emerging device to help guide the main point of the story in a little feelgood cul-de-sac. It was the 'New Wave' of French 60 years which introduced the first concept of 'genre' by making a film and I always felt that every middle was affected when you should use the script system to clean it; so it's always a pleasure to discover a film that seems to adopt a variety of music, or still better, curse.
