While watching the Life of Bug for the first time for a long time, I couldn't help but see a comparison with the Happy Happy Year. As far as the main story goes, they are very similar, surprising doing what they can agree with when trying to be special. It just comes to show you how the film would have been without its great diatribe. Many people disagree with me when I say that I love the pixar effort of sophomore. Surely it cannot manage the beauty of Toy Story, not the animation out of this world. However, the story is over-notch and characters are wonderful to spend time with. With a lot of laughter and a center of boot values, I could look at this as well as other studio studios. There's a lot about getting power from within to overcome all obstacles here. Of our leading Flickers who need confidence to save his colony, a colony that needs to open their eyes on a new way of living for the future, and the circus sticks feel that they are more than a series of normal rounds, everyone is becoming a better bug more at the end of the story. Even the tribal hopper is fully full and damages for the right reasons. We do not make sense, but instead understands the fact that more than 100 sores are up to 1. He needs to fear them so that they are not worried about getting the truth. It is a very diverse circle of life, but not one that cannot turn to age. <br /> <br /> When you think about animation, it's really true. Compared to Antz, the opponent's film at the time, this is actually more and less than the cartoony. Water is translated properly, like grass. You do not need to look more than the ants' eyes to see more details entered in production. The view and humidity, despite the smooth out, shows the originality. All bugs are made well. The river in the city and a combination of organisms employed to save sores have not been observed, whether it is a small role or a further expansion. Also in the city we see work on the environment. When the Ant Island is beautiful, it is outside out. Bug is twice as full as buildings and clubs. It is a good demonstration of humor and skills to see what attractions are used for everything. From the trays of the ice cube as the stand of the circus, the animal box of animals like the circus car ?? complete with full guide to nutritional side? With a collection of boxes to create Times Square of posters and exhibitions, everything has been done alike. /> <br /> In addition to a lot of humor, you should pay a brilliant brilliant delivery and leadership choice. No one can make a man better than Dennis Leary and wit it. I urge you to consider someone better. Our leaders are also great with Dave Foley as Flick and Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Princess Atta, as well as Kevin Spacey's wonderful day as a hopper. Spacey is not just stealing many scenes from the film, but it also takes the center of the bloop at the time of credit. Yes, Bug life is a founder from Pixar from animation, which has continued. With many jokes in the language-in-cheek worm used around, you should also provide props for cast with great help. Full of these "male actors," are people like Richard Kind, Brad Garrett, and late Joe Ranft as Heimlich a bug that brings great laughter. Overall, it can be a simple story brought to the screen by Pixar, one that has been told to one form or more often over the years, but has been revealed enough and clean enough to provide an enjoyable experience. There is a time of fun, sad times, and even good deeds of doubts and birds coming to be happy. To complete with a couple of my dear Pixar, Tuck and Roll, it's not so bad that I can think of talking about it.
