Recently I have been watching many of Tom Hanks's films and old Chaplin movies and even some of Bean's early performances, and it seems that they all have their unique charm that comes into their work, something that enables them to identify with all ages of listeners , in a way that makes you feel good. The life of Bug is the same with the charm, it has a relationship with real life that enables us to easily stop unbelief and accept many insects, because even if they talk, they still act ACT as real beetles. It is like a team that made the film a way to bring us into the child's mind and allow us to think like them, to think how bugs the way a small mind does. The children are one of my favorite films when I was young, and for me, Bug life is like the most realistic version of the movie, just because the animation is interesting and this style The story opens just the possibility of more information. I don't try to compare something like Toy Story (which I still maintain is the best computer animated film ever made), because the story of the Bug of Life is not quite as good as Toy Story's, but again, almost nothing. The important thing is that it is still a wonderful joy. This story involves a colonial colony of work that has a highly developed community, especially it creates around the harvest of food, which will go to the pest of deception, the most powerful and powerful force. , and hopefully still leaves enough for the bugs to make it through the winter. We are dealt with by a visit from insects, which explain that if the bugs provide a sufficient amount of food, the result will be bad. And typically, the similarity of the recipe for the extraction of food is similar to Mao Tse-tung's worst officers forcing food from his people during the "Great Leap forward" <br /> when Flik, The main character, sets on an effort to find a group of warrior warriors suitable to return and help defend the colony against insects. You see, he fed any food that was collected and put everyone at great risk, so he feels that it is his responsibility, but he knows how to finish hiring a working group of artists. Great for audience, not great for family security. The movie was released back in the late 90s, when many films were seen to come in two, like Armageddon and Impact Deep, Independence Day and Access, Bug and Antz Life, etc. Success Between Life The Bug and Antz cannot be avoided, although it seems clear that Bug's life is the best film, and not just because it is not good to star Woody Allen screaming and stretching through the lead role. This is a great fun for the family!
