That happy world is designed for us in the life of the Pixar Bug; we have been incorporated into a world that can only be a memory for the film, but with the precise world that can only be written through the world of animation. For those who have forgotten what the great animation of the world and the most happy you can offer? when is in the right hands which are? Bug's life is a warm reminder. We are walking out of the film with a warm-same feeling, and a sense of satisfaction derived from the production of the only film. It is the second element of Pixar animation. The Disney little group made their amazing text and perhaps quite unknown on film films three years before 1995, and their story of Toy Story. It was a controversial film, canceled it and breathed new life into animation and elaborated new levels of quality. Now, they come back to their many efforts that, being honest, draws a horrible feeling to all of us before we see the film. After all, it's a film about sores. Well, the whole world of insects and insects are covered in Bug Life, but it's an ant that is a priority in this film, as humanity is a priority in dramas, romances and so on. Does such a very low kind of animal such as an ant act as a protagonist of the film, only to give the whole condom film? Lo! They say. However, we forget that in Toy Story, a group of objects-box items were able to become the largest group, inspiring and interested of animated and non-living heroes ever connected. The boys of Pixar manage to overcome the same, and manage to turn a bunch of dirty sticks and vitamins into a beautiful and interesting group that perhaps will meet. Not all are interested and loving? there is no tendency to enjoy; even criminals are characters of riveting? but they are colors, they are eclectic, and they are idiosyncratic. And the array of characters is also a riot for lack of better time, just add a rich rich diversity already plastered on the Bug Life from the beginning. We will begin with our main character, and our hero. His name is Flik (David Foley), and his character is rather generic to say the least. Of the thousands of thousands of honest and obedient workers living on the Ant Ant beautiful island, seem to be the 'black sheep' of the clan, as it appeared during the opening of the movie when destroying the season's harvest antics. The problem arises in the fact that the harvest of ants is by a hopper group led by Hopper (Kevin Spacey), who have a desire to continue to express their anger and autocracy between small organisms; while they show Ant Island for their annual feast and see that their sacrifice is gone, they are unclean, for lack of a good word. Hopper offers a proposal to save germs from extinction in his hand packet; however, it is a discussion that is impossible to fulfill. Flip's mind and hours of intelligence run away from the perfect steam now despite his guilt and shame, and offers to leave Ant Island by finding some powerful heroes who can come to the rescue of the colony and fight the hopper with insects. > <br /> If you think about it, the bug life is similar to the seven Samurai Seventh plot of the Kurosawa Seventh, or the US Seventh Remake of the Seven Saba, where the village of innocent but good people are threatened by a bad enemy. bad? One of the villagers may seek help in the capital, he sees and returns to the colony to overcome evil. In Bug's life, help comes in the form of a low-and-out circus group that is recognized by mistake by Flik as fighters at the bar of the bar room. Many spots come from these events, and many amusement comes from these circus bugs. Among them are rods (David Hyde Pierce), a German group that split the second side with the name of Heimlich and the female woman of the quasi-femme woman who is a sincere ladybug and husband (Dennis Hopper). It is very happy to see these bugs on the screen, as they look at the bugs and insects that interact on the screens, such as the whole movie together. <br /> <br /> As I said, the amusement and joy comes from their characters and the interaction of fun with someone else, which provides a hilarious line of wonder, amazing surprises and riveting situations and generally the amazing movie. What makes Bug's life better is that the film is not only restricted to children as many can see, although children will get more entertainment outside this film? The clichéd friendly situation is much less than we like. However, it is easy to ignore this error, and it is incredulously easy to enjoy this film. Though the Bug Life can reach interesting levels with a logo marked by its predecessor, this is still a good movie, and the start of something promising here. Pixar has proved that it is not just a strange hit, but rather a gifted group of talented artists in Hollywood. They bring the bar permanently, and when a person can manage their standards at all, it's just once alone. Is there more to say about Bug Life than: see; not the best we have seen from people in Emeryville, California, but this beat a lot of its year? and I will be destroyed if this is not the best feature of 1998. <br /> <br /> 8.5 / 10
