(original response to a film consultant who said the Life of Bug was extremely, very fast - he was "tired and tired" with the picture, and he overlooked the story altogether) <br /> <br /> Okay, first, I'm 26 years old , go to work, go to school, and have a boyfriend '. So maybe I'm a nuts and it's just good to hide ... but not just what I came from Bug's exhausted or surprising life, it was not until I saw the second time that I could even begin to really appreciate the skills and humor of interesting pictures - because The first time I went to see this film, I was so wrapped up in the story with the characters that I knew that I had to sit there "I have" every one of the visible faces. Can you not feel sympathy with Flik and his mind-to-heck-and-good-intentions? "Heck" indeed, I found myself identifying with a small bug (not mentioning some bugs) in many ways than one ... and that, itself, says more about what this amazing movie is than a book around on its beautiful candy eye. Of course, it's good (every leaf of grass, tree, rain ...). Of course, what they can do with technology is amazing (you can read their lips! Try!). But this film is not just the center of art and tech, not just a blast of the movement and color. No, Bug life will be static if all of that and no story. But, I'm glad to say, not! Bug's life is a real heart. Yes, there is a lot going on, wisdom-wise as well as visually, but that's because the stories and characters really have depth to them! Because it's a children's movie doesn't mean you have to turn off your brain at the entrance to the theater - children are wiser than you think! Besides, I think that the PIXAR staff did it for themselves, even before their children ... and it shows, for the amount of heart inside. This film is moving, touching, surprising, excited, and generally interfering. The development of behavior in the architecture is remarkable, there is a great size of character development, and not just the main character - so it is not available in the animation and often in the movie as a whole. It did not find on the head and its points once we did - every area, each chapter has a reason in the story of being there, and no freeous shots. It is not always to speak clearly with the words that are going on, that is, false, to me; it means not to "throw" your movie and take the hearing is stupid, which is not exactly. All I can think is, if you see the Bug Life and don't feel anything, then you don't have serious mistakes, hurt your friends, lose, fall in love, you are disappointed that nobody will listen to you, lies to the person you care about, you felt like an affinity of social, you have been excited about a new idea, you come up with a great idea, you had what you thought was a great idea to go back, it was one time and the next courage, saw the pressure of duty, stood up with your loved ones, stood alone against The crowd, felt like a failure, felt like a great success, felt the need to make a difference in your life in the lives of others ... well, you get a point. Final Words: A + rating from me; please, if you see trying to try to see the location of the games (pan and scan video will not work for this film); if you have loved Toy Story you will be likely to love this (PIXAR knows how to make movies and hearts); if you love her it is often seen or you're not going to know you're missing (the amount of information and trick here is great); and whenever you feel low, do you just make the seeds, right?
