Two young clever, best friends, go to Thailand for one final experience before separating and going to university. It seems like a fun time to visit a foreign country, until they meet an attractive visitor who persuades them to go to Hong Kong and put drugs on their luggage. They get baptized by local police and get that right in Asia is very different from the right in U.S. <br /> This is the main story of the "Palace of Brokedown" and it was good. The film has a good job of displaying false and corrupt systems of three countries in the world. True, the show was slow, if prison conditions are often worse than it was shown. It serves as a reminder that no matter how bad we think our justice system is, it is common in comparison to many parts of the world. Unfortunately, there were many situations found in the film that prevented the story. All attempts to escape was fantasy. Thinking that friends will be able to transfer money to bribes in the prison on a gun, and that it is not available by the guards who were watching everything brought from visitors, they think that either guard or audience are players. The story also fails to bring about the closure of the question arising about how drugs got on Alice's (Claire Danes) fabric. What? Did he really agree to transport drugs? We are left to think. It was exciting to watch the violation of girls in all the films, but we finish the movie without knowing whether one or all the girls can be guilty. Except for this big mistake, the end was better and unexpected results. <br /> <br /> The work of Claire Danes and Kate Beckinsale was very stable and well done. Danes, who has grown more and more than hyped, really came as an actor in this film. Although his performances were often grasses (as they were his behavior), he improved as the film continued and the situation became more. Beckinsale, on the contrary has been jumping under the radar of his short work and shines like two-sided shoes that appear suddenly in prison. It was the best performance in the film. Bill Pullman was named as a lawyer. His style of wry and distinction is the property in the film as "When It Was Alive", but as a lawyer in the third world of the world at a meeting to free two innocent girls from injustice, he had a bad personality. <br /> <br> Tourist tourism in Thailand was amazing, but it didn't make me go there. Overall, the recreational film has been provided in part by the inclusion of certain instances of ignorance. I paid 7/10.
