When I don't think that this was perfect 10, I admit it was a way of about 6 which is what is rated here. No, the Brokedown Palace was not complete and that's the plot has been done many times before. That does not mean that it should not be done again if it is done well and I think this movie has a short time. The acting actress of Claire Danes, as already mentioned often, was flawless as it was Kate Beckinsell and I thought Bill Pullman was quite strict as it was a helpful show (Pullman's wife, crooked soldiers, skipping or trip or whatever his name is). Distributed was beautifully recorded, there was so much good to this film even though there were some negative (the three main ones that I found) too. <br /> <br /> Here's what I do not like about the friendship between girls - In fact, the behavior of self-girls was not developed to the deepest point of the picture. It will not be an impossibility to lose appetite before that time, because, in spite of positive, more characteristic development should be done in advance with some scenes like when the girls were originally arrested, they were almost glossed over so there was a bit of very flying around without The behavior and development of the area I think would be appropriate for this type of film. That, however, is not my main problem. AND WARNING-SPOILER ALERT. <br /> <br /> At the end as described several times already, it was AWFUL. It was bad in two things. First, though it would have been expected by Hollywood, I wanted to end up happy! Yes, it was ending feeling strong but in the film as well as this, there is a Sense that right to be served and I couldn't stay that way to see that. I was sincerely shocked at ending and it was working efficiently and all involved but I feel the girls must have got out or, to prevent that, at least a soldier must have got what was coming to him. I mean anything that happens to bad people, they all leave. It is very troubling. Also, I don't understand the end. I understand the rest that has been revealed to make a person think, but this was not a secret or a "snow" of the film we were looking at, and I would like to know something about what happened, who was guilty etc., and this last time we were left to decide that we ourselves but for me somehow there will be good, I don't want to be guessed. <br /> <br /> However, there was a lot of like about this film, and acting it is definitely on the list, I would rate 7.5 and say it's definitely worth watching.
