In the film "Brokedown Palace," directed by Jonathan Kaplan, two best friends, Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsale) decided to celebrate the high school graduation by taking a trip to Hawaii, but hearing that Bangkok, Thailand, is a lot. more. They changed plans and decided to go to Thailand without telling their parents to change plans. When they were in Thailand, Alice and Darlene met a very good boy named Nick Parks (Daniel Lapaine). He tells them that he will do business in his first class tickets for Hong Kong for three economic tickets so that they can spend the weekend in Hong Kong. They accepted his offer and after entering the two airport they were arrested with drugs. They were sentenced and sentenced to 30 years imprisonment. I think Kaplan was trying to show the audience that it was wise to make good decisions because in one event the wrong decision could change the direction of life forever. Also, a friendly face cannot be as friendly as we think once we see the real face of a friendly face. The girls made the decision to tell their parents that they had changed their plans and changed their lives forever. Things have a wonderful way to show us what decision we have made the decisions we have to make. Sometimes life is not right, that's why it's important to think long and hard about the choices we make because we can't go back and change the changes we have made. <br /> <br /> This movie has a good set; It was done mainly in Bangkok Thailand. This film also has good music; My favorite songs are 'Silen' and Delerium, 'Destroyed' by Plumb, 'Give' to Sarah Bightman and 'Party has started' with Nelly Furtado. I went and bought a voice after watching this film. These girls and young people who are ignorant and unable to think of their plans completely, the mistakes that anyone can do, therefore this film is good for the audience. It has no difference between young or old - all of us are human and we are wrong. However, I did not like how this film ended with me in the matter - which was confidential to drugs? - I'd like to give this film two top thumbs.
