We all have friends. Some of us have more than others but in fact there are only one or two people that you feel very close to, people you can say is like your brother or sister. Alice (Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsale) are like that. You can see that from the beginning. They graduated together, they went to parties together and decided to go to Bangkok together when they had to go to Hawaii. It also gets busted to try to import drugs into the third world of the world and which describes the catastrophe. All parts of the film are about living and not giving hope. It also has a strong message about the ability of friendship and what you can tell someone. Brokenown Palace is a very good film, not the best and it is due to a few issues that I want to talk about. But first I want to say what about the film. And for the first acting it is the top line, and you can't look no more than two leads. Danes and Beckinsale are perfect in their roles. Alice is always hot and seems to be so bad all around, but she seems to be more happy than Darlene. But sometimes that happiness can be difficult. Darlene is always a little on the conservative side and though it may influence sometimes, it would have served two girls better if her method was followed instead of Alice. Bill Pullman is enough as a US lawyer living in Thailand. The film is also good. In jail when it is not the same as Shawshank or a native of birth or the return of the paradice, but it shows the key (but the absence of the absence) of the condition they have. Johnathin Kaplan's leadership is also very good. We see two girls struggling to do this every day but you can see their soul being put out a little more every day. The Brokedown Palace is best when it talks about friendship and shows how they should rely on each other to live. Another thing I needed to comment is the sound of the film. It expands and congratulates the status of the film to perfection. The song you hear on the trailer is also played on the film and when it lets you feel the women's trouble in this prison. You can feel how they should feel alone and how they lose and return to simple things in life. And it also lets you look at and see how we can live in the society we do. We have a simple comparison to a country and believe it or not a music is a perfect catalyst to reflect on this issue. Some music is made by a group called Delirium (I think) but it is Sara McLaughlin (wrong conversion, but how do you name her last name?) Which voice and voice are good and haunting and greatly adds to the film. I was so excited about the film was the ignorance that girls show. I can't say what they are doing but when you see yourself you will know what I'm talking about. I also don't feel that the prison they were in was bad. It looks more like a low-security prison and that may be because when there is such a situation in other films that are influencing men who make time in a foreign country, prison events are always cruel and sad. But I haven't found it here. This is generally a good film and makes you ask a question, "Would you go away with a friend?" That's a hard question and maybe one that none of us can honestly answer until we put in the same situation. Just hope that you have never been so.
