James J. Corbett, the world champion of weight from 1892 to 1897, was the favorite role of Errol Flynn. It is possible because he didn't need to use a sword or to be west. He grew tired of swashbucklers and said in his biblical explanation that he felt he was a western shock and could not understand why people loved him in them. It's an enjoyable film, but it is not a good story of James J. Corbett. <br /> <br /> As described Corbett was the first scientist to win in the division of weight, a man who used mind and faster than stupid power to win. He won John L. Sullivan and lost Bob Fitzsimons crowned weight. She was also a compulsory woman and so much as a person she shows him. Of course this was not shown on the screen. The behavior that Alexis Smith plays, the daughter of the bank who falls for her, has no foundation in reality. Corbett had been married twice and had no loyalty to all his wives. Even after losing his position and after the events of this film were completed he had a personal problem. His father at the time of the bitterness, perhaps on the money because he lost his son beat Bob Fitzsimmons, struck his mother and then turned the gun on himself. The murder / suicide did not include the happiness of Alan Hale. One thing though I liked about Gentleman Jim. Bond Bond earned his job in playing with John L. Sullivan. Director Raoul Walsh got a good performance outside Bond as Sullivan, a lovely, but loved. Even giving some of the bad points of Sullivan that are not available on the screen as rabid discrimination, the Bond show is John L. who is very fond of the best thing about Gentleman Jim. Speaking about racism, one thing that would have been told was the fact that Sullivan when the champion refused because of the race to meet Peter Jackson who was black and from Australia and perhaps the greatest weight of his time. I say maybe because if Corbett's opponent met him and fought for 61 rounds for uniforms. Fighting more than any other has created the demand for the name of Sullivan-Corbett. Of course when Corbett was a champion refused to give Jackson the head of the shot. Maybe he didn't want another second 61th race with someone who could be better that day. Gentleman Jim is not a story of Jim Corbett, it's an Errol Flynn movie in James J Corbett. But Corbett had lived in 1942 of course he would love the movie and love the picture of Flynn's life. It's like she would like to remember.
