Flynn, known for its roles (with its bedroom antics!) Takes different differences with this film and works for beauty. Playing the boxing of the basic life of Jim Corbett, Flynn returns on a full blast of charm while making a way from the San Francisco bank striker of the pugilist bank, while keeping an eye on the Smith community. He and the best Carson are going to fight illegally and get caught up with other people's symbols (and dogs!). The next day, he gets a chance, through Smith, to find the door of a private club judge. He uses this opportunity to encourage his way to the best of its unique members and own land as a club striker. His extraordinary skill in this game recently took all the people, up to the world champion John L. Sullivan (Bond.) Flynn is a little magical here. He is an example of charm, charisma and appeal in this role. He looks so much (especially in the hangover area with his hair covered and wearing a white suit suit) and he does almost his own stuntwork (impressively!) His delivery line is delicious and reliable and compassionate and at the same time rascally. Smith exudes a class with a taste from every pore and is a good match for Flynn. At this point, she needed the cost of a woman who could stand up with her development and reputation (she was charged with rape at the time) and doing so with delight. She faces her beauty and fighter view, but still can't help but fall under her magic. Bond is very strange, highly confident and high, but pleasing when the script is looking for it. Cheat help is provided by a small and brave Carson. Frawley is a cantankerous man as a manager of Flynn. Some of the cast are better with the Flynn family of the rambunctious family and the balance of many forms of Nob Hill. The whole thing is set for beauty and is kept safely. Several posts are presented with surprises. Some of Smith's clothes are packed with garish, but they do well with the knot. It is a strong view in the early days of the championship, but also much more. Some of these (if characteristic attributes shown by Flynn) are enhanced or enhanced for entertainment purposes, but much of it is true (like the technique and clothing shown in fighting events.) One line is especially memorable: “I believe you like me more than I like you, but it is quite possible that I love you more than you love me. ”It is a romantic romantic conversation (and there are more than a few of the published characters in the script too.)
