The history of James J. Corbett "The Roar of the Crowd" was the beginning of this lively and memorable biography. The author was the champion of the world weight, winning John L. Sullivan, before turning to the century. The storytelling shows Corbett as a wise but interesting and intelligent young man who conquered the world of boxing and social oppression during his time, when he was thought to be just an Irish immigrant, a little banker and no one surprised everyone. It took several hours of exciting time and often exciting to prove its competitors. He is a banker when the film opens, but somehow gives an invitation to a sports club to do well. He likes a beautiful but nervous girl, who he seems to be a clash, and lives at home with the Corbetts family who seem to fight as often as others. When winning the best with a professional warrior club to deceive him, he finally decides to be famous for fighting. he drives out of the road with his friend, who works as a manager and trainer, and despite the nearby obstacles, he succeeds in everything and attracts. Coming home to follow his girlfriend again, he tries to offend Boston Strongboy, powerful John L. Sullivan, who comes into bars and claims he can “insult anyone in the world”. Few believe that he can win against Sullivan, but Corbett, called "Gentleman Jim" for his graceful attitude and the appearance of the pastor is surprised everyone by moving, playing away, and ignoring the power of Sullivan's anger. The best part of the film might come when Sullivan was beaten thanked Corbett. The new champion is growing at this time, telling Sullivan a few years before being different, and not showing him anything but respect and respect. She gets her girl from her two performances, but at the end of the film, when they visit her parents, her manager can tell the world, "The Corbetts is no longer". The film is interesting and has a consistent style without being flashy. Script was written by Elder Horace McCoy and Vincent Lawrence from Corbett's novel. Sidney Hickox made movies, as well as decorations set by Clarence Steensen and the art of Ted Smith. Heinz Roemheld made music with Milo Anderson coat. The film was sent by a film-action Raoul Walsh. Flynn also liked to work with Walsh but did not care about another director who worked many times, Michael Curtiz. Among those who were beaten, were the Bond Bond as John L. Sullivan, in one of his most beautiful performances Alexis Smith is small but minded as Corbett's girl likes and very powerful Errol Flynn as Corbett, a young man seemed to be happy to play - later said it is his responsibility from that time. Jack Carson was his manager, Alan Hale his powerful father, John Loder, a rich enemy, along with William Frawley, Minor Watson, Madeleine LeBeau, Rhys Williams, Arthur Shields, Dorothy Vaughn and Mike Mazurki as well as the exciting cases. It's hard to say about enough about the logic and the heart of the light to enjoy the creators of this film; it is one of the most popular films of biography, and with my standards it is one of the most enjoyable.
