Everything is relative seems to be the main head since the beginning with this set of eleven pieces and eleven directors. That is to say what could be the number one priority for people like Bush, Blair and the Company, probably not for many others, ordinary people. From the opening area where the Iranian teacher tries to attract her young pupils the most important thing happened, and the result of the children is not attracted, as the neighbor's death and such things affect them more closely than anything that might have happened in New York, USA, anywhere there, this series of close pieces of text suggests that not all things are the same as all people of the world trying to predict. However, in fact, the WTC attack was a dastardly event with any guardian, one gets the impression that all politicians and cameramen of the TV tend to hit objects out of all parts - definitely made to one. of these pieces. Has one answer done at international level been done if the attack took place in Lagos, say, or Djakarta, say, or even Rio de Janeiro, say? I rather do not think. The news seems to be faced with distortions based on where things happen: more time TV is provided by an earthquake in Italy, say, more than ten times more than the destruction in Outer Mongolia, say. Significant distances seem to decrease the size of the disaster. This series of eleven pieces helps to keep things in good perspective - or, perhaps I must say, some pieces make, as every director and full autonomy has made his own story, his own interpretation, view, as it is impossible to judge all the attributes, but for each other for eleven minutes. In any way someone should realize that this is an anti-American film: that would be very easy to read different messages displayed through groups. However, it is not a pro-America either. Eleven groups rely on a different perspective from a common link - if there is one - it is that the WTC attacks should be seen from a view from different views. So people like George Bush will even begin to understand the planet he lives. It is clearly stated in one place is my belief that I had been living for two years now: America has not learned a lesson. And the lesson is that the United States shares this world with all people - not to prevent it with strong economic power or power. Instead of learning that the United States cannot continue to strengthen everyone and anywhere, its political leaders, the help and the reduction by Blair (and even Aznar) have become more arrogant and even more, which is not appropriate for any in Afghanistan or Iraq at the moment, join away elsewhere. The intention of the White House is completely rejected: The United States and the UK invaded Iraq and caused all chaos, and therefore should erase the confusion caused - not to insist UN and other nations to come in for help and thus find the easy way out of trouble. The stance that was adopted by the United States (or even Israel) will come only with a great situation from the Muslim people, who for many years have been able to provide a romantic basis, as long as they hide their own eyes of meaningless, ie. , stoning stones or stoning stones from the heads of their heads to the soil. The world is in a horrible mess, caused by the desire of a few wealthy countries that seem to have not seen or understood anything from the country's perspective. This film in eleven different pieces shows this unspecified accuracy.
