First of all, I will not glorify the Iñarritu film, even though I am Mexican and I am proud of its success in Hollywood. On the other hand, I see a lot of views focusing on the popular film (and not) short; but we forget that there is a bottom line of craft that surrounds the entire collection, and maybe it won't be good for the American people. (Even if not the main purpose of manufacturers) What I am talking about is that many short films do not show the suffering that WASP people went because because of a terrorist attack on September 11, but the suffering of others. <br /> <br /> You need proof of what I'm saying? See, in a Bosnia film, the message is: "You cry because of the people who died in the Towers, but we (some East Jews) cry for a long time ago for the crimes committed against our women and nobody cares about us as the world. all you have done for you. ”Even the story of Burkina Fasso is more appealing, there are similar ideas:“ You are angry because Osama Bin Laden got a wrong way, but we (Others = Africans) should be more angry, because our people are dying of hunger, poverty and AIDS a long time ago, and nobody will check us if the whole world has done it for you. ”<br /> <br /> See now in Sean Penn short: The Fall of Twin Towers is happy with one person alone ( and left). So the message is that Power and Immortality (shown by Towers) should fall to allow people to see the sun lift and flower flowers? It is amazing that this horrible line was proposed by the United States. There is a very irony in this short film that is almost a bomber. Well, Loach Ken (very aware of the opposition to his capitalist government) is more clear and embarrassed in going straight to the point: "You are angry because your country has been attacked by evil forces, but we (Others = Latin Americans) suffer at the same time the worst thing, and no one remembers our grief as the whole world has done for you. " <It is as if the design of this project you would like to tell Americans: "You see now, America? You are not the only one who has been held to the abuse of the world, you are not alone in your pain and in the way, we (some = non-Americans) have suffered more than you since long ago, therefore, we are united with you in your pain ... and by the way, we are sorry because you have had a taste of your own medication "It's the only Mexican and French films that show compassion and mercy to the people of America; The rest is like a face blow to the US Government, which is not the same as the Americans.
