After deleting my thoughts nearly twenty-seven times, there is a feeling that now I can win this review for the famous French game, "Read My Dream". After writing more than five hundred years, I have never lost words like I did with the trick of director Jacques Audiard, but the story of inspiring love. The ideas were made on what was loved and hated on this film, and when the "love" declined, it was hateful things that came out of further debate in my mind. "Read My Lip" is a drama game. In order to be more accurate, it is a character driven game that eliminates social uncertainty and criminals of office and daily work plates. Here is this assessment when it begins to fall, are all these things? but it's more, much more. As an observer, he is frequently mentioned by Emmanuelle Devos's show of the greedy woman named Carla, whose strength is lost to men in her office with her hearing difficulty. Audiard brings us violently into his world by removing the sounds from the screen whenever he doesn't wear his help, causing a quick instability, not just from the characters in the film, but by those looking. Without voice, the world is open to any possibility, and that is scared. When we look at this hard and uncomfortable woman in her life, then we are removed and given the opportunity to meet Paul (well played by Vincent Cassel), hair cut back, mustache-wearing a lanky man who was released from prison, without a house, without work, and forced by his parole officer to find work. This is how Carla and Paul meet. There is a time of instant attraction, of failure. One we think he loves, but it's dark (and here is where he gets more fun) ?? and where we think he loves, but he is dark. The shifting of the frequent role creates the voice of an unknown. Who, as the audience, is we feel more sympathetic? Paul sleeps in the office, Carla helps him; Carla loses a contract with her rival worker, Paul helps her; Carla's ability to read people's lips comes to the point of making a change to Paul. Going back and returning to your seat, waiting for some light to shine through this dark cave. It never does. Audiard can't just let this story happen, he always brings us more characters; the same as the seed as the next. Even our rock, our solid foundation and a parole officer is a question when his wife is missing? The subplot for this film that first offended me, but on further debate was the finale of this film. However, nothing can happen if it is not for our characters. Careful and wise look is to breathe, as he changes his image to Paul; The truth of its beauty is discovered. Paul, wildcard in the film, continues to be seen and exploits friendship for his last end. Then, as we think one, Carla takes one last shape. Audiard knows he has amazing actors who get his characters. Cassel and Devos could play cards all the time and I'd like to sit at the end of my seat. Stories, perhaps the weakest part of this film, is the first random. Interactive stories seem to be unrelated at first, but Audiard enables them to unite a bit. Again, the whole part of the parole officer was tangent, but the last area has strengthened the end by way. Not trying to talk, but this hard story (but still simple) is hard to explain. There are many things happening, but it's up to you to integrate pieces. The favorite part is when Carla is trying to discover where the money is being done. Voice usage and location were brilliant. It was a time, it was wonderful, and it was like looking at the secret of who-who was revealed before your eyes. Overall, I was in the beginning though this was a frantic French film that I could easily forget about when it was over? I was wrongly confirmed. "Read My Lip" opens the floor for discussion, not just for the characters, but the situation. One will find himself rooted in Carla in one location, and Paul in the next. When discovery is carried out in Paul's apartment with Carla, I found myself very angry. Audiard brought a real sense to the screens and characters and its development, and what did not have a compound? The participants were able to carry. I can easily recommend this film to anyone, but be prepared; this is not one film at one time. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat. <br /> <br /> Bridge: **** out of *****
