First of all I need to give people who have found this together. 9/11 is a matter as sensitive that make a film that wants to be controversial on it takes a lot of guts. It is a shame, although it is not surprising, that the film was banned in the United States. It is said that I think the movies are good and several times short. The movie starts with a part of Iran which seems to be some reminiscent of Majid Majidi (completely good "children of heaven" and "color of paradise"). Also the two films are a picture of what happened through the innocent eye of the Afgan refugee class in Iran. Perfectly beautiful pictures. Same goes to the Sean Penn clip which is also very good. But if some of the fragile pieces are quite brutal. Alejandro Gonzáles Iñárritu is making a picture of mexican and as a plunger "Amores perros" does it ruthlessly as he can. Most of the image clip is black screens and several sound sounds behind. The voices are for journalists and shocks as a second aircraft attack, those who called the house from the fire towers and the left message to their families, those who were angry .... and combining this with the brightness of people flying from towers. The hardest piece of watch and one that you forget. Some places may be so difficult to see Americans as some parts can be translated as "you don't have the only ones who suffer". Particularly in Egypt and Britain that do not just say that but turn the tables and say how much the US suffering has caused other people. <br /> <br /> I also mention specific to clips from Bosnia- Herzegovina, France, India and Japan (though this last may not seem to be out of place). However, not all parts are written and I do special mention on a piece of picture from Israel which, in my opinion, is very weak. While the idea was good (the journalist is in the area of ​​terrorist attacks in Tel Aviv but his story finds bumped because of what happened in New York is something that many of us living in war countries can consider) to recognize is awesome. This time is approaching as the entertainment writer tries to get in the air at all costs, the person who says he is a witness and hopes that he can go to the television, and the soldiers and financial helpers shout only "because". A piece of image fails to capture any game of the situation. If you happen to have a chance to see it then you should, that is, unless you are conservative in a situation that you'd better stay out as you might be angry. But if you're not then you can learn how many of us out of the US lived through 9/11.
