As you may know, the lesson here was to ask eleven directors from around the world to make every short movie of 11 minutes, 9 seconds and one frame. We have here: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): What? Children fleeing Afghanistan can understand what the collapse of towers? Well, no. A great lesson. - Claude Lelouch (France): a weak plot with big movies ... Let's think a deaf woman living with the WTC who sees without understanding that her dog looks at ... Just see it. - Youssef Chahine (Egypt): the head of the eastern eastern film has compassion ... For everyone: for our soldiers who died ten years ago, for the people of Wtc but also for suicide-terrorist terrorist. Maybe a small movie tender towards us. - Danis Tanovic (Bosnia hrzgovia): beautiful pictures, makes us travel, indeed ... Not a very good plot. Idrissa Oudraogo (Burkina Faso): from one of the poorest countries in the world, the story of compassion and wonder about five boys who want to capture Osama Bin Laden ... And they could do so but nobody believes them when they say they know where. Ken Loach (Uk): September 11, 1973, Chile entered into the blood dictature of twenty years. Thousands of deaths, torture: all that was given to Chile by Henry Kissinger and CIA, and know that these changes to a lot of your perspective! I think that's because for a short time that there is no American film distribution company agreed to be released from the movie in us! Loach forgot to insist that 1973 is also a year when WTC was built! - Alejandro Gonzalez inarritu (Mexico): interesting pictures that we all know very well, and a lot of black screens. I didn't find this much, it's more than a video artist (show on the exhibition) than a movie. - Amos Gitaï (Israel): A wonderful ballet of police, journalists, etc., next to the car firing in Jerusalem. It's done very well. - Mira Nair (India): about anti-Islamic feelings following September 11. Very good condition. - Sean Penn (us): A little strange story that reminds us of the usual memory, WTC had a huge shadow, and some places now have no day. - Shohei Imamura (Japan): different. Here is not one word about WTC, and the action takes place at the end of WWII. It has only one message: no war is holy. This short movie gives a very strong impression, but the director would certainly do better than 11 minutes. --- so --- great movie, a great attempt to take global warming. I love it.
