French production where 11 leading filmmakers were invited to create a short film of 11 minutes to present their references to the events of September 11. <br /> <br /> The films are very different in content and quality. Both are describing the US partnership in terrorist acts (in Chile against Allende, who died on September 11, 1973, depicted in part by British director Ken Loach, and Palestine and American Israel, who have been shown in part from Egypt's director. Youssef Chahine. Two others remember other destructive acts (Palestinian suicide bombings in Tel Aviv, shot by Israeli director Amos Gitan; Japanese "holy war" against western in WW II, and Shohei Imamura). in several stories. Shadows that make up a New York City floor of a sad old man disappeared as suddenly as the World's business hits the telescope under a piece of Sean Penn, bringing a happy person a short time. But in this bright light he can finally see that his wife has gone. In the film Mira Mira, according to a true incident, a lost young man, also in New York City, a son of a Pakistani family, is thought to be a foreign terrorist, but later shows a hero who gave himself trying to forget others in towers. There is a time when it is around. Loach has a Chilean man who was being deployed there gave a quote St Augustine, for hope is built with anger and courage: anger in the way is things, courage to change. Imamura tells us that nothing like a holy war. Samira Makhmalbaf shows a teacher with her very young Afghan children, relocated to Iran, trying to tell them about the events that have come through New York. But they are more understandable by a major event in their refugee camp, where two men have fallen into a deep well, one is killed, and another progresses a foot. This is a great tragedy for children aged 6 years. Idrissa Ouedraogo, from Burkina Faso, builds a game where a woman of a sick woman suffering from Osama bin Laden in their village and gathers her friends to help put a foreign terrorist, to get $ 25 million US Award. She tells her friends not to enable any of the adults to know their plans, since the elderly would like to spend money on cars and cigarettes, while they are helping to help her mother and others who are sick and poor. It is the Mexican director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu (the manufacturer of "Amores Perros") who offers a very powerful and cool section, which in many places, shows only a dark screen and voice ringtones with sound and normal sounds of thud. Visual short shines gradually allowing us to see bodies falling from the upper floors of towers, and it shows us that thuds are these bodies blowing the ground. The sequence ends with the orgistral music of the player's music and shot yet, describing the first words shown only in Arabic, then the translation is added: "Does the light of God guide us or lead us?" (In different languages ​​and English clauses) Grade: 8/10 (B +). (Appearance on 10/31/04). If you would like to read more of my comments, send me a message for directions on my sites.
