It was very clear from the beginning that the 9/11 would encourage more films like World War II and Vietnam together; however, the greatest risk that many future films are good (or rather: bad) as the Pearl port. It is a great fortune that the first international release on 9/11 is not a story of love cheesy star group of pretty faces, but a joint work of 11 directors from around the world. not intended to say that all 11 pieces are good (for example, Youssef Chahine, has an unwanted stimulus and too much reduction and Shohei Imamura has a very amazing end) or that groups are the same (Imamura, being alone not directing to Towers Towers) , should open the film, not the last, Alejandro Gonzales Inarritu should be the last end, as it is one of the most interesting). But it is an amazing and interesting effort in ways that parts of the world are touched by the fall of twine towers. Consider the opening section of Samira Makhmalbaf, where Afghan teachers are trying to explain to their pupils what happened in New York and without success it shows a minute's silence. Or part of Idrissa Ouedraogo (which includes bin Laden-double-the-same true that you will be surprised when you see, and promise), where boys 5 muse about the good things that can be done in the fees set out on Laden. There is a wonderful place (and very angry) with Ken Loach about a man from Chile talking about what he calls "Tuesday 11th September" - that September 11 in 1973 when their elected president Allende was killed by Pinochet has put his dictatorship - with generous support from by Henry Kissinger and CIA. This may be an adverse reaction in Anti-Americanism, but it was a sad story and includes my recognition for the best part with Inarritu (especially voice ringtones and phone calls from black screens, sometimes small images of people falling under the WTC and finally the collapse of the tower, and ended with screens screens and one question appears) and Amos Gitai about a hysterical writer trying to lose air after a car bomb exploded Tel Aviv (hard to recognize, but this one is the center of choreography) <br /> All these different groups (I have never mentioned Claude Lelouch about the little girl, Danis Tanovic about the Srebrenica Women's exhibition, Mira Nair - amazing, but it takes India's director to make the most possible part for Western tastes - about Islamic families whose child is under the wrong desires after 9/11 and Sean Penn and Ernest Borgnine (yes, Ernest Borgnine) as a widow who leads the life of The more grief he can think of) add up to a unique film is not easy to look and hard to forget. I am sure that this film will be classic for everyone thirty years since now. I hope it will be remembered from the beginning of the movies of the world movies. But, alas, it's more difficult to be remembered as just one film effort. And if one of the few 9/11 movies made and then not reduce this bad event to the story of love and the happy end will only please the audience.
