I sat back to watch "Read My Lipu," the Independence plate fries before me. Food was quickly forgotten I was shocked by the director and author of the first cooperation of Jacques Audiard and a great surprise. Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) is a secretary in the ongoing construction projects. In fact he has important roles that do not often fall to journalists and he has the power and desire. And it is destroyed by the male leadership who will use it but does not give him payment. Work to strengthen faster than he can use, Carla is told to hire a secretary. Enter the old and general Paul Paul (Vincent Cassel). False lies about his knowledge and really have nothing that any legitimate business may require. After the initial misunderstanding of Paul in Carla's interest in it, the two have become partners. Friendship friendship begins. In a stunt that would have made Carla a real candidate on "Student," he uses his male enemy engaged in Paul's work. Exit the opponent. <br /> <br /> Carla is almost deaf without his listening help. So he hears almost normal. He returns to the hearing aid to separate from unhappy sounds with angry people. She is also very lonely. The heroic effort was made to be clear but he was very good. She has no partner. She's a child can have a relationship (it's a French film). Worse and embarrassing, she said to a girl girl that she has lost somewhere when a friend of the girl has away from her bed in Carla's bed. It's not good. As Carla and Paul are well aware, the non-violent side of the arrogance of the past is not emerging. There is a legendary story, by the way, of Paul's relationship with his parole officer that fulfills his great plot and has his great final surprise. "Read My Lip?" The brave Paul realizes that Carla's ability to read the lips, even from a great distance, is more than a trick hitting the amusing which seems to be the first. <br /> <br /> From there, the caper continues. It says. Paul and Carla are the true faithful of criminals. He wants love but also accepts money. He wants it, kind of, but business must come before the possible satiation. With Cassel and Devos are powerful executives riding an abnormal story of crime to its end in very persuasive. It is a whiteboard but a good story of crime will go to "Read My Lip." And you might want to watch it several times: I. <br /> <br /> 9/10
