This highly associated game of 2007 is characterized by a large piece of Shakespearean juke from a film specialist who knows how to carry out the extraordinary performances, sharply from its actors. Think of the predecessors - The role of Henry Fonda who engaged himself in the "Twelve Twelve People", Mary Tyrone's false Katharine Hepburn in "The Day of Entrance to Night", who survived the harassment of Rod Steiger in "Pawnbroker" , the lion of William Holden in the "Web", and the lawyer of Paul Newman's alcohol in "Decision". The list includes some of the best screens of the last century, and you can add securely to Seymour Hoffman with great control Andy Hanson in the column. During 83 years, Sidney Lumet director does not show the symptoms of octogenarian fatigue, and in fact, he emerges in the phone's first-time reporter of the film's Kelly Masterson film. The size of the story is a little deception as it focuses on the harmonization of the values ​​generated by the family where two brothers have been looking for quick cash. All Allen followed the same spiritual strength in his final film, the wonder of "Cassandra's Dream", but Lumet can not be bought nor be alert in its harsh way to this inevitable story of controversy and deception. The plan deals with crimes that were meant to be innocent. Paying money from his salary of a real estate company to take care of his wife Gina's guns and enjoy the cost of expensive drugs, and to speak soft and Andy is almost open to the IRS audit. At the same time, his younger brother Hank is a party of divorce after the divorce, the lack of careless ones emerging in his payment of children and children. Andy agrees with a plan that you think is not a fraud to steal the dad's parents' house when they don't have to. The goal was for the brothers to collect the run, and the parents demanding insurance. Murphy's law intervenes every possible way from Andy to encourage Hank to work. After a brother's inquiry, Hank agrees, but also afraid to do it alone, he hires a gun, who attacks the gun to handle theft. In the end, the heist occurs on the same day that Andy and Hank's mother open the shop, and many things can happen out of control from there. Although the past and outside stories are not new (for example, Masterson's Alejandro González Iñárritu), the Masterson technique works effectively to describe certain events from different perspectives so that you understand how each behavior has led to the result of luck bad. It is a perfect starting point with the riveting performance of Hoffman as Andy, the Machiavellian fiancé who is a good external exporter and natural nature of the illicit sexual studies of his family. I thought he was the chief in Tamara Jenkins "Savages", but he is much better here. Lumet even makes consistent performance from Ethan Hawke who is not able to be infected as Hank, caused by a serious weakness that is aware of all the planned arguments. As their beaten father, Albert Finney does his regular work late, but provides a basic basis for Oedipal level problems. Marisa Tomei is a good choice to play Gina, as an economic actor opens up economically on responsiveness, attention to a small but important role. Rosemary Harris actor present (now known as Peter Parker's aunt in the "Spider-Man" trilogy) has a good time as a mother, as Amy Amy becomes a former Hank wife. There are instances where excessive limits, especially if the situation is getting worse for the brothers, but the authorities are making the effort to become a pardon. After the despair of the cartoonish "Find Me Guilty", it is comforting to see Lumet in the form of peak here. The 2008 DVD offers a great explanation of the information from Lumet, Hoffman and Hawke, both of whom are easily communicating with the inside. With the original exhibition trailer, there is also a 24-minute better than average, "Directed by Sidney Lumet: How the Devil Was Made", which puts pictures and interviews with Lumet, two of the producers and chief executives.
