This is a romantic story of how bad things can go wrong. Theft easy. Choose a big change. Get our money together and everything will be hunky-dory. But the mother shop and pop flower? No problem. Insurance pays for all. No guns. No one hurts. Easy money. <br /> <br /> Elder, more successful (appear) Brother Andy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) has a few problems. Heroin's addiction, cocaine practices. Wife (Marisa Tomei) that well, can not be seen to do for her. The days of her womb are gone. Little brother, sweet, young, Hank (Ethan Hawke) and several problems of his own dinero. After the payment of children for his daughter, for debt to friends and relatives, not to convince them especially in work, etc.. Sydney Lumet, at this age of 82 (!), Leads and receives the 99.99 percent, which is difficult to do in exciting. I found more exciting than I could remember and a lot of time the director gets a movie published and lives with holes of conspiracy, improper, cheesy events, and a quick finish. Here Lumet makes it exciting as it works on art. Every detail is perfect. Acting is very good. The plan has no holes. The story becomes real and clear and represents stories about human weakness that will respect the most popular filmmakers and even Bard himself. Hoffman is undoubtedly better. When you do not have marquee, the presence of men, you should get to talent, work and clean concentration. Ethan Hawke, who is not a stranger to a delicate, small role, adds an array of despair and human failures to that part so that we do not know whether it is a pity or a burden. Albert Finney has a father of children who emerges and a form of bravery that damages his age. And Marisa Tomei, who has the magical features of sexuality with her unique creation, can be difficult and hard as nails like Andy's wife timing. (But who can blame him?) It is close to the donor's offering to give a five or ten stars' business, but if you read this film, if all who want the film should be advised to do, you will see many kinds (according to many manufacturers of Hollywood) attention to detail that makes for real art - a kind of thing that only many artists can do, and certainly can't help but do. (By the way, I think there were twenty producers on this film? Well, maybe a dozen, check out credit.) What I said in a briefing is a way to Sydney Lumet, a journalist killed for the best film, and showing that trust in your trick and your art at such age? Let's all do half right. <br /> <br /> Okay, 00.01 percent. It was unlikely that the father (Albert Finney) could follow the cabs that Andy took around New York without somehow losing a tail. This is limited, and I would like all the fruits can be very small blip. Also someone wonders why Lumet decided to tell us about the fate of Hank at the end. We can guess and guess. Perhaps his destiny fell on the floor of the cutting room. Perhaps Lumet was not satisfied with what was lost and when it was lost, and said, "Leave it like that. It doesn't matter." And I think it does. What happens to Hank will not be good. She is not a kind of guy who can run to Mexico and can start a new life. He is a kind of guy who gets the "light" of 10 to 20 and he serves and comes from a kind of shrunken man who knows he was not really a person when he should be. Look at this for Sidney Lumet, one of the best Hollywood, the Pawnbroker director (1964), The Group (1966), Serpico (1973), Dog Dog's Day (1975), Network (1976), and much more.
