I watched this film very strangely - I put it on my Netflix list and I couldn't remember why (unless I knew Philip Seymour Hoffman was in it). Since the film does not have an open credit, I could not even remember who led it. <br /> As my wife and I looked at, I visited him 45 minutes and said, "You know, I want to decide that I hate this film, but something about it can't just let me stop watching it." Then there is a stretch of twelve seconds between The movie which is realistic to implement in the performing performances. It was only if the last features were enclosed and I found that it was Sidney Lumet film. And I thought - wow. I wonder that Lumet took what was dirty, a very small story about the true meaning, broken people. But it is the covenant of his talent that I was taken when I did not know yet he was. Philip Seymour Hoffman is true, very good in this film. As beautiful terrible. Put this against Capote and I would like to say that Oscar must be of this film instead. <br /> <br /> I also strongly recommend a special feature of the story with Lumet, Hawke and Hoffman talking about making a film - it's entertainment and education, along with Hawke play student has the desire to learn at the feet of the master. Lumet really teaches you the first rule of working with administrators - kissing their asses always! <br /> There are many violent, spiritual movies out there that are empty at all times being said and done. And there is a feature of that in this film - that executives fill the air with an explosion of sulphuri, and when smoke clears nothing left. Nothing gives you to the lowest level. But Lumet has given us a network of Twelve and Furious Networks - films, each in their own way, have been upgraded to top movies. This video does not exist at this level. But there is something about it that stays. And maybe that's enough. <br /> <br /> My last comment is about the comments - if you look at the number of comments about this movie right here on IMDb - with a deep and intelligent view, pro and con - it's a very good sign that something special is going on with the film this.
