Tarantino once said on the melodrama from the 1930s called Backstreet that "tragedy is like another character" in the film. It can also be mentioned - and not by focusing on Tarantino - for the better work of Sidney Lumet for years, the melodrama where the behavior is of great concern not because of what is involved and involved being involved. Kelly Masterson does not have the core of the script here (basically breaks in the killer mode and ends in a series of fully active events that work at the end, and even there is a suspension of unbelief is important), but its script reflects the behavior before the plot, in a story where actions around them show that it is important to know who these people are being beaten with beatings. It breaks like hell, it should not forgive like Satan, but it also attracts 90 percent of the time. <br /> <br /> Delete not only because Lumet knows how to handle a non-line script where we see a day of behavior behavior behavior before time, and especially after the 'mother - & - shop The pop "is available, but because of an amazing cast (which, I can add, is special to Lumet). Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke are brothers and their top money - ***, and the old thinks about what seems to be foolish-proof: rob their mother and father of gold shop in Westchester. Hank's Hawke involves another characteristic of shady though, murder occurs, and suddenly it is a tragedy to the Greek level that affects their brother and father, played by Albert Finney's perfect. It is a kind of material that most characters are interested in - who, like Dog Day Day, have human pain, have lost a bone but just want love / things that are appropriate, and have the ability to fulfill their needs and needs. <br /> <br /> In this case though Hoffman and Hawke have been compared to the royal; Hoffman has, even ten minutes ago above, a guide to calm and regular that reveals that the operation of the operation, but then the small scenes where it breaks emotionally (for example with Finney or car location with Tomei) to push her talent to the limit; Hawke, at the same time, is called powerful by his former wife and daughter, he can not pay any debts, and is called a child by his own father, and he fills a part of the way in all ways that he is not the same as his brother. , but who wants to take the leaves in that name? And Finney, as mentioned, is a spot-by-all, and making its scope in Big Fish looks like a child's game (the last events with him is terrible horrible, his face decreases in fear that has built up all for the second half) It also includes support for Marisa Tomei for a short and evil time, Michael Shannon Assistant such as bad white garbage, and Amy Ryan, Brian F. O'Byrne and Rosemary Harris make a brief, real feeling, this is a film highly skilled and cheerful - but not a heart of forgiveness - and a story that twice back on the description is not for the plot of fun but for the purpose of every step of a permanent spiral family. If it is not based on intelligence like Serpico or Web or Pawnbroker or angry Women 12 comes almost like anything Lumet has been done since then.
