The Bible teaches that the love of money is the root of all evil. The love of money causes greed that can cause pride and ultimately destroyed. Two brothers, Andy and Hank, will discover how the love of money gets away from those who love the most. Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) and his younger brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) could not be 'more distinct. Andy seems to enjoy the success of working in New York's real estate market and is married to his beautiful wife Gina (Marisa Tomei) who is the idea of ​​a trophy wife if someone has ever existed. Hank, however, has been divorced who finds himself in the mercy of his ex-wife, high school bills, and the final amount of child payments. The person who means well and has good intentions, Hank is not even able to avoid the water that slowly lifts up his head no matter how hard it is to swim on it. Andy, however, has her own problems and the only differences between her and her brother that she hides them well. He has committed fraud against his company and is very involved in the use of drugs to avoid his fears. The pressure of his life, and the lie he needs to put his performances, now has led to thinking about the country's refuge and Gina to resume. Of course, if Hank, he needs money to do it and he believes he knows how to get it. How? By stealing a jewelery shop that their parents have and running. This act of betrayal is where Hanson's family, their families, and many other lives will be destroyed because of greed, pride, and fear. The Devil's First Presence Knowing You Are Dead is the way the story is told. After the robbery goes wrong, and Nanette Hanson (Rosemary Harris) and Andy's mother and Hank have been killed, stories are told from a variety of perspectives from different days before and after the robbery attempt. We learn more about Andy and Hank's motivation not only but also the answers of their father Charles (Albert Finney) to the death of his wife. The relationship between Charles and his two sons, especially with Andy, is also analyzed by other possible incentives to be discovered after being revealed that there is little love between two men. Nanette can be loved by her sons but their father is a different story. Philip Seymour Hoffman confirms again why he is one of the most amazing characters today in Hollywood to show Andy if not only the offender's pride and lack of values ​​but also, by the contrary, like we can listen to him. Ethan Hawke also brings Hank alive not only as a loser but in fact as a person who just loves to rely on what little he is. Andy and Hank are thus raised in a realistic way that it is easy to think if not only the characters but the actual picture of the lost and confused people who now find themselves experiencing the results of their actions. Before the devil knows you are dead is a moral story about how our actions can lead to the results we may not expect to face. Additionally, our choices can also affect those around us in ways we do not expect. In what should be the most beautiful picture of the year, we see how life is easily broken when the love of money becomes the final result to reduce our worries. In other words, there is no easy fix or response to our problems and try to find them can only make things worse. <br /> <br /> 10/10
