I must admit that this is a kind of film that I would be looking at most, but I used it because of the stars. I certainly didn't have pity. In fact, as you can see, I beat five stars. This film is a perfect mix of bright lead and best acting. Andy and Hank Hanson are brothers who decide to commit the crime of stealing their father's shop. Crime goes too bad - so from three men in the Hanson family. Through a series of chaos, we know Karl Hanson and we are familiar with the relationship between the father and the children. <br /> <br /> Dear Brother, Hank is basically a spoon. He always had trouble working and very much goes in the direction of the wind. Hank is safe, fearful, and very much under the influence of his big brother. Ethan Hawke has Hank's behavior "was hurt by T" and offers what his best performance so far. He shows us a person who is a good heart but has been affected by external forces that cannot follow with any important work. Andy - on the face - seems to be a successful businessman, but soon we discover that he is addicted to drugs and has been destroying it from his company to pay for his behavior. It is Andy who agrees to steal his parents' shop, and gets Hank very weak to act. Philip Seymour Hoffman - one of the best actors of our time - plays Andy. Hoffman is an actor who has the ability to show a person who, on the face, is a charming businessman liked his friends but the real pitch of the pitch down. He is perfect for part of Andy or may be said that, through his skillful acting skills, made Andy perfect part. Albert Finney has a father who is usually in his generation. Charles Hanson is not a bad or impatient person, but he has a good relationship with his sons because he didn't understand what was needed in promoting a good bond between his children and himself. He has been very quick to judge and warn. He made it clear that he loved his younger son over his older people and thus caused a lot of emotional competition with Andy. When we know Charles and Andy, the thoughts of Andy form a plan of stealing from his father becomes less wonderful. For personal note, I can't believe how much Charles Hanson reminded me of my own father, and how much Andy and Hank reminded me of my brother and myself. Maybe this could be one of the reasons I enjoyed this film as this story of a distant father, a much older, and a little brother who was beaten very close to home. Fortunately, my brother and I did not come to make a crime against my parents - I think we were made to the things of the violence and ethics. <br /> <br /> This complicated selfish and practical has been with expertise, Sidney Lumet. In thirty-three years, he still has chops to give the audience an engrossing characters and the edge-of-seat action that hypnotizes. 12 angry people were his first film made fifty years before the Devil knows you are dead, but he has not lost any of his touch of magic in showing us the characters that will be remembered for a long time. The events and characters Before the Devil knows you are dead and unpleasant, and this is definitely not a very good movie. However, it is two hours of last entertainment that I recommend.
