The full name of this film is' Stay in heaven half an hour before the devil knows you are dead ', re-fixing the old Irish cloth' Is it? You have food and clothing, a swift pillow for your head; You have 40 years in heaven, before Satan knows you are dead. The first screen of Kelly Masterson (with other modifications and director Sidney Lumet) has included a melodrama that examines how family divisions can be when external forces are expelling members for non-thinking things. In this film the viewer is allowed to witness a gradual reduction but for the most closely with the family for a lot of use but, here, the wise observation of the return / flash technique in front of the story. By regularly giving different vantages of each of the characters about the intermediate events that lead to this bad story, we see all the incentives of players in this case of theft theft very badly. Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a rich executive, married to Gina (Marisa Tomei) with emotional feelings, and invades drug addiction. His life begins to fall and he needs money. Andy's ne're-doing good brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) is a life of ruins - rejected by his wise wife Martha (Amy Ryan), has helped her and helped the child, and borrowed all she can from her friends, and she needs money. Andy suggests the under-theft of the key stores of Mall-and-pop stores that promotes safe, quick money for all. The eye is that the story of jewelry belongs to the parents of the men - Charles (Albert Finney) and Nanette (Rosemary Harris). Andy keeps Hank finance with an agreement that Hank will make a real robbery, but although Hank agrees with the 'failures' plan, he employs a friend to take real work when Hank plans to become a getaway car driver. The robbery is very worried when Nanette, striking the clerk on a regular basis, stimulates the thief and himself is shot. Disasters reveal many secrets about weak family relationships and when Nanette dies, Charles and Andy and Hank (and their partners) are sent to the wrong purpose and surprise every side. Each of the participants in this powerful but emotional film offers good performances, and when we expect to be from Hoffman, Hawke, Tomei, Finney, Ryan, and Harris, it's a wise hand. of direction from Sidney Lumet which makes this film very clear. It's not an easy-to-look film, but it is a film that allows braille shows that need our respect, a film that reminds us how many families can be weak. Grady Harp
