I must admit that I was worried about this movie before I went to look at it. The main reason for this is because it was compared to the movie Hitchcock. I have seen several movies that have been said to be led by Hitchcock or that can be made by 'Suspense' teacher, but so far I haven't seen any of these films that will stand the test of time. In my opinion Hitchcock has become a household name which is used very easily to promote some (cheap), but on the other hand I must admit that I was surprised by it because this is a European movie. It is usually a great Hollywood studio that likes to use Hitchcock's name as it can increase their income. But this film was made in one of many European countries and I am sure that most French will like to die more than admit that their movies have been exposed to English. That's why I decided to give this film a try and I must say that I am glad that I have done it. "Sur mes lèvres" or "Read my Lips" as it is called in English, says the story of the little secretary named Carla. He is a hardworking and loyal employee, but he has never been very interested in his colleagues. That has a lot to do with the fact that it is affected by a lack of hearing, which has refused to climb on the hierarchical level of the company. But when he is allowed to hire a qualified trainer, all of this will change. Paul Angeli is 25 years old and has no experience in the past. That person is a thief, but Carla gives him a chance and covers for him when it is needed. He hopes to teach him a normal life, what to look like, but at the same time he punishes him in his old life ... Since I still believe that Hitchcock's name is often used to describe a very good thriller - which this movie is obvious - I can't compare any between of Hitchcock and Jacques Audiard's leading. The fact is that one has done a very good job with this movie. I have never heard of him before, but it is true that he knows how to create doubts and how to keep you from the beginning to the end. That also has a lot to do with a beautiful and original story of course. I doubt if there is a Hollywood man who has ever come up with the idea of ​​using a woman with a disability in a big role, rather than making him a non-helpful husband (you know, a common story of the film). br /> <br /> Also worth note is acting in this film. Vincent Cassel is quite popular, but Emmanuelle Devos was completely hidden to me. There is nothing interesting about their roles, but they both did a good job with their characters, making them feel very reliable and true. Paul may be a very tough young man out of jail and Carla a helpless woman, but thanks to their performances, you really believe that these are two strong people who have all been unfortunate in life but who will do better together. <br /> <br /> All in this is a powerful movie with a very good script and some of the best acting. Despite the fact that I was worried about him, I have recently become one of his greatest helpers. I offer this 8/10 film. Don't hesitate to give an attempt.
