I begin to see a very structured form of filmmaking for the 2007 films. If in 2004 it was a biographies year and 2005 was a year of political films, 2007 can be identified as a year that includes many moral stories, films, tests, challenges and questioning human beings and motives that move us to do certain things. Although this identity is very broad, I think there are a few of the films released this year, like 3:10 to Yuma, Eastern promises, the American Gangster, No Country for Older Men and others who handle questions and learn human values ​​and purposes. leads us to acts such as violence or lies. Before the Devil Knows You are dead is the story of romantic morality, and it is dark, harsh and depressed at that time. And better is the fact that you come from one of the most common leaders of our time, Sidney Lumet of the story, many of whom have said that he has passed his talent but returns with full force and desire for crime crimes. <br /> It is one of those films that its fields are very thick, that one is very reluctant to go to the details. It is a film that is most enjoyable if it has come out without any previous experience in the events that happen, because there is moving and returning. But a rich and rich plot is not good at the center of this film; The true goal is, as I said, the moral story; The purpose of leading these two people in the act they do in the film. In a program built as a mixture of two film films of the Coen Brothers (ie Simple Blood and Fargo) and Quentin Tarantino, we see two men being run under different shade scenarios to overcome the common crimes that go largely, erroneously, and they have full force and inevitable disaster. And to make it more interesting, the film is told in a split time that takes back the track and show a series of events following a different character every time and always end up where you left off the last time. Interestingly, bright, thick and very sharp, the screenplay of Kelly Masterson remarkably good and highly rounded, especially because it is the first screenplay. <br /> <br /> But the film has much more for it than just a sinister sinister and a completely oppressive plot. First of all, the picture looks and feels good. Sidney Lumet, in his work, has always recruited an attractive style of movies and lights: natural and stylish at the same time. The film carries a different air style and class, with beautiful natural lighting which looks just very beautiful. Editing is a high score; combining the exciting feature of an exciting game for a long time takes that it actually takes time to show the action accordingly. And clear, the camera power and input more add style. The film is also supported by a fantastically effective music score by Carter Burwell. <br /> <br /> The screenplayer performs its part, and of course Lumet does its part, but in an attractive movie center it is the three actors who offer amazing surprises. First of all, there are two ways. Leading the pack is Philip Seymour Hoffman, who has always been an excellent actor but has stumbled over a new lead-man after his Oscar-winning Unnaturally performance in Capote. His return to this film is amazing: very severe, broken, manic. Hoffman has really intense scenes in the film that really allow his full fury of outward rage, and not just his craft and wit. For his part is Ethan Hawke, who has given a wonderful exhibition in many films that are almost always covered by the largest actors. Here, he drives away from Hoffman and completes him very well; For all, acting power between the two is just absolutely fantastic and convincing, the audience very quickly lose itself in the characters and forget that it's watching executives. And then there is Albert Finney. This appropriate, appropriate job as he needs an old specialist and here Finney gives his best performance for many years as a bad father who is involved in two brothers who are taken into crime. I like how the three of them are playing. I like how Hoffman makes it clear that a big brother and a wonderful brother to this day that they are middle-aged; and yet, it is clear how Finney's father is pleased with the younger, the weakest of Hawke. Also on the topic of cast, two supporters supporting women? his brother? also shows an amazing exhibition from Amy Ryan and Marisa Tomei, who seems to be better and better as years pass. This video is not a revolution. These themes and style have already been taken into consideration by the Coen Brothers' love, and it is very easy to consider leading this film. But for an underground film, it just grows. Lumet employs its great talent talents and uses its special and subtle impressions to be concerned with the style of Masterson's first open, intense, and painful loses. Leadership exhibitions are very intense and the film has a completely amazing turn from Hoffman, Hawke and Finney; but the most remarkable of the film is that three years after winning the Oscar's success, very respected as the last sign of retirement in the film business, Sidney Lumet proves that it still has a great talent to give a wonderful, real resonant, a major The movie remembers his golden years.
