Sydney Lumet did not have a box office for 20 years and yet for 83 years it has been able to overcome a strong, well-organized, well-documented witness on its former beaten land, New York City. (How he got insurance, then alone the budget after the fall, is also hidden). The story is very good and the characters are not very interested but it has put me on the edge of my seat to the last location. Two brothers with serious financial problems are building up a city decoration store owned by their elderly parents. The victim alone will be the insurance company. Theft may be awry and two people die. Many films are associated with results. The action is unusual and appears from the perspective of the main character, but it is not difficult to follow. What? Isn't it easy to work is the story behind? How did the brothers get into the confusion? Are there any symptoms? The younger brother being a family member is the favorite of his father when the older brother seems to carry a lot of burdens on his relationship with his father, and vice versa, but that difficult to make him a heroin-use killed As an elder appointed, Philip Seymour Hoffman is leading the film , but he is also supported by Ethan Hawke as his defendant, a lesser brother. Albert Finney as their father appears to be in a state of emergency but then the script calls for it. Marisa Tomei as a 42-year-old brother-in-law puts the sexiest performance I have seen in a year. The film begins with bang, but we're out of the comfort zone pretty quickly. I don't know the nature of this story to the first author Kelly Masterton but I suspect that as a great Lumet film 70 "Dog Day April" depends on the fact? it's very silly that it's not true. Lumet is close to the end of those former studios label directors who have at great speed were able to focus only on anything set before them. Some popular films were produced in the same way with some classic cups. This is not the classic of any kind? is a well-organized piece of entertainment. It is possible to let you know that you were fortunate to be not a family member if it is not possible like this, but still wondering how they found the way. We know parents were happy but we see very little of the mother and hearing a little about it is impossible to take her relationship with boys. (There is also a daughter whose presence appears to be emerging). Well, as Tolstoy, we should conclude that "every unhappy family is not good in its own way".
