What a wonderful crime! My wife and I saw this at the Toronto Film Festival last week and it was far from the best movie in a unique festival. It's already my second favorite movie of all time after DR. STRANGELOVE and I was obviously on high emotion when I walked home and discussed with the film by my wife. I don't want to destroy the plot because the displays of these caliber are fun without thought. The quote I would like to feel good is that two brothers, playing with Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke, plan to steal a jewelery shop in Westchester, New York. The film is coming back for more than two weeks (before, during and after the robbery), and one important area is repeated at least three times. Normally, which can damage the film's speed but has never occurred during this masterpiece. The excitement, tension, and even the quality of the act seemed only as good as the film continued. At the end, I was on the edge of my seat without waiting to see how all would have been covered. I know that I've used a few clichés on this post, but I've been on the edge of my seat. I have to mention that an unusual story is easy to follow. This is not a type of film where you will listen to members of the audience asking their friends to explain the plot during the movie. Acting is quite talented around, and I am sure I will have the same compliments for the film if it was not perfect enough. Little complaints are that Hoffman and Hawke don't seem like brothers, but that's a small quibble that I can easily look at. Hoffman was very good with some of his events and Hawke had the power of electricity. Marisa Tomei (as Hoffman's wife) and Albert Finney (as Hoffman's father and Hawke) are also very good in supporting roles. Even some of the most spectacular performances were so amazing that I can remember every word, sign and face face with Brian O'Byrne and Michael Shannon? absolute perfection. The location of the robbery was considered more accurate than any movie theater I had ever seen, and I had the same sense of legitimacy in most cases, especially those with Hoffman. Music has helped to create tension in all films, often similar details are more effective. I had music in my head the next day, even as I lived through other films. In addition to my minor complaints at the beginning of this paragraph, there was one blow that felt a bit (a big spoiler, so I can't describe the area). Otherwise, this film is very good to enter close to perfect. There were twelve films on a feast that I would like to enjoy a second time but before DEVIL know that you are standing in his own league. As an aside, the director Sidney Lumet spoke before the film and founded Marisa Tomei and Ethan Hawke on stage. Tomei did not speak and he was embarrassed so Lumet asked "Can you believe that a very good person can be a very embarrassing camera?" These views are amazing based on the location of the graphic opening!
