French film directors continue to marvel at their amazing ability to simulate sights and sounds of everyday life of cities. This was clear by the early release of 2002 of L'Emploi du temps (Time Out), a study of the priority of white gold whites after the job was canceled. Like the French filmmakers, many events were struck on the real streets and in public places, giving the legitimacy of the movies to feel the story, but L'Emploi du temps also had an elegant look at the beautiful work of cameras and other amazing pictures (especially Swiss mountain pocket). Running well on the high heels of this beautiful movie is filled with another interesting French, caper of Jacques Audiard, Sur mes levres (Read My Lip). In fact, writing this film the crime hat makes it because it is much more than that. As was the case with French freedom in the past, it is a study of non-inclusive behaviors of people who use their wits to move forward in a society that has left them. In Paris Carla's construction company, a shy, frail woman sits on her desk, bound to the office area which is a great way to xerox machines and rest rooms. Employees who are ignorant use the front of Carla's desk to talk and leave Styrofoam cups with half of coffee. Deaf deaf, Carla returns and stops her hearing help if the noise becomes complicated, whether it is a drone of a paper authors or a baby's loud cry. When his master calls him to the office suggesting that he is assisting the assistant to help him with the burden of work, Carla can lose his job. In the employment office Carla mentions the details she wants for her assistant (preferably male) as if she was in the People's Organization. He should be 25 years old and clean -cut, with many computers and unlocking skills. When the organization sends a proud young man, looking for surprise, Carla is shocked and shocking. They leave the office and eat lunch for dinner, where Carla is interviewed by her assistant. When he finds that he has already been imprisoned, Carla initially did not want anything to do with Paul, but has a change of heart and includes. Although it is basically sympathetic to his assistant, Carla now finds himself in a position of authority and has a new sense of power. Paul learns quickly and becomes a capable worker. Carla helps Paul get a chance for a while and even when his parole officer shows one day at the office asking why Paul has missed his appointment. During their lunch break, Carla tells Paul her lack of hearing and shows her ability to read the lips. Later, when the worst employee takes over Carla's project he has been working, Angry Carla asks Paul's help to take revenge on that person. From here to Sur mes levres it becomes a criminal crime game in some shadows that have been displayed on the screen in recent years. Screenplay borrows items from Hitchcock, especially REIND WINDOW, where the talent of reading of Carla's mouth comes full play using pairs of binoculars. There is a teasing, over again, far beyond the sexual attraction between the two characters who come to an extraordinary respect for NORTH BY NORTHWEST, but it works because of the high temperature of the sex that builds slowly between the two stars. What he said, what takes away from this film is not very similar to the usual Hitchcock attractions, although these features are obvious there, but the prevalent view is the modern day of the day (in this case Paris) where life runs gamut from working days every day in the night of the boozy night, the garish where sex, drugs and money have entered into the lives of several characters. Unlike Hollywood production, this is a physiological yarn where people look like a daily man and woman on the street, where a punch on the face or sand looks like a thud that touches and where the office is a place of fear. It's Hitchcock and breathing.
