What a 60 movie represents true (for those who climbed into the stomach of America at that time) is turbulence and a decade of ten years. Despite the widespread, unresponsive characters, the credibility of issues remains open. It's not just times of change, but also many times of mixing. Two key factors changed our world then: the 1964 Civil Rights Act, and the influential media coverage. The new new freedom began a social change which was soon an institution. From the chaos came to an understanding, from the disease came moral. Remember, however, that the majority of Americans were not involved in this ... they worked, played, watched the news ... and slowly took place with the efforts and fewer efforts ... civil rights workers, political activists, efforts to fight, The fight against poverty .... <br /> <br /> The strong representation of the media and the TV, especially, was a good idea, although the conflict between the general public and those who wanted to change things were better to ignore ... and among the worst, unnamed. Americans among the Americans were not all standing near the wrath of baseball, or denying their daughters who were going. They were also confused. Let us forget how the original singer people were Protestant singers, and how Beatles began to strike a tragedy of the People-Program Movement. There are no Beatle songs in the film, or even the best of it. I think if you didn't live ten years, you might not be aware of what the film is approaching, total image is small. At one time I had a steady job when my sister lived in the Hog Community Farm and went to Woodstock. Sometimes I was in Haight Asbury and in Detroit Riot when she worked and played housewife in Maine and Connecticut. The responsibilities were changing. <br /> <br /> The movie shows three family members of middle class. They represent a hippie child, a political activist, and military personnel. The father represents the common perspective, and the mother represents the voice of reason, patience, and sometimes compromised ... for peace. The Black family includes a minister and his son ... in large quantities, I think. I think the producers knew all the parameters and they had to deal with the obstacles, or maybe the film would be a long, interesting, written text. Dad's message is that anger brings bitterness, and bitterness produces confusion. It was clear the message directed to today's youth. We look at the only solution to social problems, and also how the issues will be split ... The 60 were normal that way, and just raise 20s comparison. In other words, this film has values ​​after all. Ultimately, it is our personal unity. Put on your oxymoron list. Everybody was God, Guru, or free view in 60 years. It was a time of magic and madness. No one will finish the nail 60 years under the right ... it was very different (this film is near). Of course we can say we are not ashamed, that we learned and grew from them, and that once, a generation that formed and changed America ... for better.
