"Blob" describes as a sci-fi film not only because it launched the 27-year-old Steve McQueen for the trajectory for superstardom, but also because it used the most popular theme of alien invasion and the destruction of young people who were no different in years 1950. Surprisingly, nobody in the screens of Kay Linaker & Theodore Simonson has ever been talking about the red protoplasm, red-red which has fallen to the Earth in the meteor and frightening everyone in the small town of Downingtown Pennsylvania on Friday night as "Blob." Steve McQueen won the role of Josh Randall, a former Western bounty farmer in "What he wanted: He died or lived," after producer Dick Powell saw this Photo of Paramount. At the same time the girl's McQueen partner Aneta Corsaut continued to star against Andy Griffith in "Show Andy Griffith" as a school Sheriff Taylor girl Helen Crump. Of course, neither McQueen nor Corsaut were young, but rarely young people played real young. Director Irvin S. Yeaworth, Jr., made his first text with "Blob." Linaker & screenplay of Simonson merged four types: first, alien invasion; second, youth destruction; the third, the mystery of murder, and the fourth; The terrible chiller. In addition, when the gelatinous substance takes various shapes, it remains largely unknown. In other words, Jell-O is not talking or talking to telepathy. Instead, it kills without qualm and chooses anyone. The "Blob" sound is very bad despite its natural nature. When the film creators give the release of the "Blob" DVD, the film opens uncharacteristically to sci- The awesome joy and our hero and the heroine in the rural area of ​​the village makes and kisses. Jane (Anita Corsaut) and Steve (Steve McQueen) see a giant meteor falling in the world and driving to get it. Meanwhile, an old man finds a meteor and makes it with a stick. The meteor is clearly defined by a slimy goop group with a stick. When the old timer (Olin Howland's "The Paleface") looks at it closely, the goop joins his hand. This old man runs out from the region and Steve almost defeats him and his jalopy. Steve and Jane take a boy and take him to see Dr Hallen in the city. Hallen is ready to leave the city for a medical conference when Steve and Jane bring an old man to his office. Hallen calls his nurse to return since he may need to make amputation. Of course, Hallen has never seen anything like a substance on a gun. Hallen sends Steve and Jane to find out what happened. Our heroes run into another group of young people who are quick to drive to Steve. Steve is leading the race, but the Dave police chief (Earl Rowe) takes him off the hook. Steve and the youth visit the crater's meteor site and find the heat residues of the meteor. After visiting the home of an old man and saving the dog, the young people are divided into the movie night of the night when Steve and Jane returned to Dr Hallen's office. In a short time, the blob has made quite a geezer past, a Hallen nurse and attacking a doctor. It is not a acid on a protoplasm or a shotgun's shotgun has any effect on the blob. Steve gets a picture of a blob that gets Hallen. While Steve and Jane are going to the police department to report the incident, Dave believes the course, while Sergeant Bert (John Benson) believes it is a prank. Bert has a grinding wheel with young people because his wife died one time he hit his car. Steve and Jane are taking Hallen's office, but they can't find or hide anyone's hair, but Dave admits that the office has been destroyed. Against Sgt. Bert's advice, Dave returns youth on their parents. Recently Steve and Jane have misled their people into believing that they are asleep in bed than they do again. They drive in the city and look at the old man's dog that he has left in front of the supermarket. When they go to get a mutt, Steve goes to the front door of the grocery shop and opens. They have no one inside, but meets with a blob. Steve and Jane are running in the fridge and the blob has not been attacked. Later, after escaping, Steve persuades the young people who have won him on the street race to inform them because he should be at home. Police chief Dave and the fire department arrive at the supermarket. Steve tries to convince Dave that the blob is on the shop. About that time, the blob kills a projectionist of exhibitions and encourages moviegoers. Suddenly, many people come out of the theater and Dave believes Steve. Steve and Jane deploy on overcoming lunch that attack the blob. Our owner and heroes get into the cellar and Steve finds that the fire tool and its freezing content causes a blob to turn. <br /> <br /> Authority collects every fire of a fire in the city and manages freezing blob. Pentagon sends a team to transport a blob to North Pole. If the blob residues decrease on the polar ice pack, the last credit appears and the question of the big question of the question. Producer James B. Harris took the military footage of the aircraft of the Globe master of the military transporting a parachute with his luggage. <br /> "Blob" proved to be a car with Steve McQueen increased by skillfully gave the film added speed. Unless you are young, this little horror movie is not afraid, but Yeaworth and its builders build up a sufficient amount of compassion and compassion for our heroes. They do not show a blob to actually involve its victims and stop this with your attention, so "Blob" is not without a lie.
