I was looking at the first few years at the current TV-off TV station; surprisingly, the film emerged as a priceless DVD from Friteri: without the fact that I had done in the beginning (despite being in a state of worship for years, the right achievements are shown even with buffs of type), I was chosen not buy? as I did the same, and I, not known TO DO IN BILA (1958). Recently, however, I have managed to find a BLOB via a copy of the Spanish DVD which, surprisingly, has opened two audio tracks from the Right "Special version" ?? but, sadly, I couldn't change the lowest Spanish headings when playing with the main feature! However, when I look at the film again, I was amazed at how much I enjoyed (despite the many mistakes of the story, which I will find later) ?? as a typical example of "B-movie" schlockiness (atypically shot in beautiful colors) and a temporary capsule display in the late 1950s of social attitudes. The male leadership was the first responsibility for Steve (n) McQueen and, although he can look at it at the same time by refusing, his only contribution to that kind proves to be true: it is not against the limits of youth but is still important (and, more importantly) , the scope) kid. Specific effects that have shown a slimy and expanding organism are not very bad for the species and its period; The film itself increases with a good peak? starting with the invasion of the monster of the cinema (showing DHANA's HORROR [1953/7] as I said recently in the film study but with an observation of an extraordinary investigation it appears to be "flipped" with which the sequence will be held during the opening of the satirical program. The Italian truly called "Blob"!). As for the admittedly small quibbles I have a film: the monster is not shown to travel? only returns in different places, never seen by anyone! there is an over-emphasis emphasis (similar to padding) on ​​child scrapes and Police; is silly to have a city doctor shot in The Blob ?? like water, whatever its proportions, can be destroyed by shooting! Nonsensical equivalent is that young vigilant dangerous cities to make a visit to the door and door (especially when considering that, at that point, McQueen just had actually seen a monster doing work)! The dead end in 1972 called BEWARE THE BLOB! was originally remade in 1988 ?? I watched this not too long but it does not seem to have made me a sense of permanence to me (although I know Micheal Elliott likes). For the record, I will follow this follow-up and the second most collaboration between Yeaworth director and producer Jack H. Harris, ie Man 4D (1959) and DINOSAURUS! (1960).
