BLOB is a great horror movie, not only because of the horrible picture of its head attitude, which is impossible to eliminate the body, but because it has a real social message. It is, in many ways, the film "feel good." The clever story is helped with the fastest and strong performances from the whole cast. The two romantic guide, Steve McQueen and Corsaut Aneta, brings an incredible depth and sense to the case. They do not understand but are very meaningful to young people, and it is very easy to find them. This is a pro-community movie, and its young perpetrators are caused by a particular problem due to weight, not out of a certain flaw of odds. Steve McQueen's practitioner almost seems to be an early enemy in the case, but he is hurrying up in McQueen's campaign to save the city from a freight attacker once he saw McQueen's weight. In this way, the behavior of the character that first appears to be a cartoonish suddenly comes deep with human origin. The original influence of the mandate of wild children seems to be incorrect - and once the threat is accepted by all, all wars within society will disappear. This purpose of the purpose, and the confirmation of the "problem" young people, becomes official when Aneta Corsaut's father comes to school to get the fire of the fire needed to freeze Blob. In any other day, breaking into school would be considered to be a common practice of religious youth - this special day, an important step being done by statistical authority of an adult. At this turning point, it is clear that there are no lines of division between young and old. This is an unfamiliar film because it acknowledges the view of the "generation gap" but it shows that it is more than thinking than the real, and which is given by the real crisis, people usually will include together to restore order . "Blob" is a perfect tonic for the type of depression that usually comes with "Night of the Dead Dead" (1968). Many have been made with a cheap but innovative film (and effective!) visual effect. They are clever of course. Many tricks against the influence we see Blob makes available for miniature sets to be rotated. The camera was usually connected to a set for a solid "closed down" position (the lighting should be the same as the lighting to stay as a room turned in this way and that). These events were often photographed directly when the room turned slowly - a silicone bed that caused it very slowly and its action needed to move around. In this way, this was similar to stopping photography, but using a silicone blob instead of a known puppet. Even today, the effects are amazing and amazing. <br /> <br /> A very good video with sound, BLOB is a must-see.
