Films such as Chocolat, Beau Travail, and others have encouraged French director Claire Denis in the top seat of the most exclusive films and films of his 2004 film The Intruder (L'Intrus) adds to the depth of his portfolio. The cinema show a sense of loneliness and long-term losses, the film provides a perspective on the physical and psychological psyche of the person who travels to different parts of the world looking for redemption and peace but finds it difficult to come by. Loosely based on the memoir of Jean-Luc Nancy's heart transplant, Intruder is an opaqueness film such as after two visions it is difficult to explain to them rather than personal, pleasing words / words <br /> Louis Trebor (Michael Subor) is A thirty-year-old man who can die in a heart condition and who, as a professor at the Wild Ingmar Bergman, is trying to negotiate with his life mistakes when he has time. It is clear that he is in a bright and very rich body but looks emotionally sandy and looking on his face is one of a silent resignation. Although we see only one part of the violence, where it comes from the middle of the bed at midnight to kill the main character, there is a bad feeling about it. He may be an intelligence officer, a foreign agent, or a beaten person. However, it seems to be under the type of surveillance and makes it as a person who is involved in serious misconduct and is now able to see results. The close face of each film makes a strong sense of isolation. She lives with her dog in the cabin in the Jura Mountains near the French and Swiss border and has Sidney's son (Gregoire Collin) who has been neglected for a long time. Sidney lives near his wife Antoinette (Florence Loiret-Caille) and their two children. In one case, he meets his father on the street and calls him day, but that doesn't stop him from taking money. When the movie opens, we meet Antoinette, Swiss border protector, who prepares van and dog taught to hit a certain blow. When she comes home, she is greeted by her husband who asks her with a language - cheerful if she has "anything to announce?" More than these three people, people and the environment we see during all the film can only exist in Louis's mind. Louis has three women in his life and we meet them all in the first half hour of the film: a businessman (Bambou) who prepares his medicine, neighbor (Béatrice Dalle) who is a dog dog who refuses to take care of his dog while going away from a trip to tell him being a mad like him, and a little Russian dealer (Katia Golubeva) who says he wants "the heart of a young man". Overall, she tells him in all the film but it looks just in his mind. In the last part of the film, Louis goes to South Korea for a heartbeat with Tahiti to give a gift to a different son, who has not seen for years or perhaps never seen. His heartbeat, however, seems to be an example to a person without a heart, a person whose life has fascinated but ultimately will be led, into the lives of other people with little pity. Intruder has the sound of the haunting guitar sound and Stuart of the band's barriers, remembering the guitar player in the Man of the Great Jarmusch, and the great exhibition of the original Denis of Agnes Godard movies. Godard creates unexpected images that cause a sense of lust and feeling: a heart blowing alone in snow, a new baby in sling looking at his father for two minutes, expressing a child gradually turning from a half smile up to half, the refugees of the color blowing from the new cured boat, massage in the dark room and the wonderful Korean masseuse, and the vast sea area that appeared from the ship's location. While Intruder may have difficulty because of its elliptical nature, Denis enables us to respond from our own experience, to understand the image on the screen at a very personal level. If there is any head, the hint can be found in the opening that tells us what was revealed in the film - "Your evil enemies are hiding, in the shade, in your heart."
