"Intruder (L'Intrus)" is a journey to see through a wonderful life. Grizzled Michel Subor has "Louis Trebor" as Jason Bourne as an old man with a secret secret, living only in a special forest house in forests for the rights of paranoid (but attracting girls who can be important to him). We learn more about him through dreams, flashbacks and trips that can open for a while or not, as well as through his strong partnerships with family, lovers, business partners and amazing mesesis. As "The Limey," the film describes the parents' / parent's sadness and behind the horrible revelations of a video from an old movie and an actor similar to the boy (here's Paul Gégauff's 1965 "Le Reflux" film). In a different sense of emotions, we meet with his son Sidney (Grégoire Colin) who must be the husband of the sex house in the world, since he is very attractive and makes household repairs and engaging in child care, small child and every need of his wife to work. Indeed the director / journalist Claire Denis should have created him as a fantasy of a woman if ever there was one and a lesson for other film authors on writing movies. There is a place that tells where he is looking for his father in the forest while taking his son's attention in the basket. He is everything his father is not and every relationship his father can not develop; No wonder he thinks his father is "at the end." I lost all the film for fear that something bad would happen to him as the true nature of his separately father was very slow in front of our eyes. The video is a puzzle, but Subor is amazing for the brutality when we see him go through the country and discuss inappropriate deals, and Denis's "Beau Travail" voices were furious yet. We should think from the skylines and the sign of the event that goes to Geneva, Korea and the South Pacific. The passing of time is shown by seasonal changes and scars formed by healing. There are many pictures of water for purification and by distributing. Try to attract her and resist colonialism in the globalization, and also play a little bit about the poems of Muslims non-Russian criminals, Denis inserted things from Robert Louis Stevenson, Paul Gauguin and Tahiti Marlon Brando idyll with The diagram of page 40 and professional French philosopher Jean-Luc Nancy, the head of the head and head-transplant heart used for the wonderful theme of immortality for a limited time that has the result. When “Louis” thinks he has succeeded in being on boundaries, rules and values, there is an amusement at the last act if citizens do not know what to do with him and try to help him solve his odyssey quixo, even if he Sleep isolation Several people in the audience left the confusion in elliptical, but surprisingly good, the way to tell stories. Unusual stories does not add many questions to the plot for details.
