Sammo Hung of 1989 The Pedicab Driver film is considered by many to be his masterpiece. I agree to some extent as the film in its most extensive part gets as wonderful and wonderful as any Hong Kong film has ever been. It is a combination of good and well-written, interesting and compassionate (and also unfriendly) characters, a lot of real humor and funny on high hyper kung fu which has been confirmed to make many jaws tone when someone is not familiar with Hong Kong movies watching The film also makes it an experienced experience of the unique industry. <br /> <br /> Sammo and Max Mok Siu Chung play two pedicab drivers who live in Hong Kong central part of the last century, I think. They run their cabs and also crave for love. Sammo is fascinated by the girl's local ping (Nina Li Chi) when Max one day meets Fennie Yuen Kit-Ying's wonderful and beautiful falls with love. Many other characters appear, too, and remain open every time the viewer observes the film and his plot so I can't say the film is confused as it might be particularly bad in Hong Kong! Recently we find out, for example, that a non-hate family hurts neighborhood and undoubtedly their violent actions affect our characters, too, and thus the basis of some of the great anti-kung fu combinations are designed. With a good game. <br /> <br /> The film has cast. It leads to a very good and blocked (not as the worst pain and “humor” as it was for Sammo's best East Orient (1987) for example and, too, due to a carefully written, beautiful and easy to identify screens. The release includes many HK movies and directors in small tasks like Corey Yuen Kwai (director of story and film director like Savior 1 and 2, Ninja in Den and Fong Sai Yuk 1 and 2) , Good writer Lowell Lo Koon-Ting (School of Killer and Ringo Lam of John Woo on fire and prison in the fire among many others, Motorcycle Drivers included!), The shadow of Shaw Liu Chia Liang (who Sammo has to fight with Stick) Alfred Cheung Kin-Ting (director of black black HK On Run from 1988), late Lam Ching Ying (known for his friendly face in HK various vampire horror / kung fu / comedies) to name just a few. In fact, the cast in Pedicab Driver is one of the most interesting I saw in another HK production. The film has a fascinating time of peace especially about the issue of love between Max Mok and Fennie Yuen and one crisis facing thanks to Lowell Lo's behavior. In fact they could make a big piece like if they would like to talk about human values ​​and the meaning of love, no matter what the past or what you did for survival, getting bigger and better in the central part of the film once it gets more interesting more than the average rate of kung fu displays. Also the efforts of others to treat things are very touching and they are very happy about human relationships and friendship, and of course love. I still think what Fennie says to Max (about “future cooking bad” about the future) is not necessary and attempts the entire section with its low-efficiency landscape, unfortunately. But then we come to something that the creators of the film were more interested. What action, a terrible and high-top step. The events of the fight include the traditional kung fu, some sticks, the cleavers of the meat and so on and are used here as hysterically like in the most intelligent blowing scene kung fu I found in any film ever, Jackie Chan's Drunken Master II (1994), in fact it is great! There are wires and are used very cleverly and people cross the opposite corner of the room when they kick or hit. Just wondering and nothing that can only be a Hong Kong movie can offer. Also dangerous stunts make the viewer to have his breath as the film has a fast car with a series of tracks and various hazardous checks and dangers and degraded bodies flying through the air and crushing into a difficult destination. Yet the creators of the films seem to not accept "accept" the film violence as Sammo is, as late Bruce Lee, a volunteer volunteer after the last massacre of the massacre in the villaster villa, and I think this kind of ethics, no matter how clear or unknown can be , it's a good thing even in a non-harmful film like this, as the movie means to be more than a brain entertainment. <br /> <br /> The film also has a very bits of proportion of humor that I am not sure everyone in Hollywood or America (for example) would understand it or quite like. Star Wars with the first hammer is obviously amongst these and actually forced to laugh when I realized what I was seeing. Also some funny scenes are created out of Sammo's passion for Ping. However, a large-scale laughter came at the time of the events shown on the old piece as the image of the older and tall men fleeing and the power over the screen on the walls or furniture is just INSANE and surprisingly I can't hide my feelings and thoughts on filmmakers East when I witness something like this, and this is nothing but positive and realizing the reaction, of course. <br /> <br /> The Pedicab Driver is among the most amazing Hong Kong movies that I have seen and easily among the great achievements of Sammo. If the smaller ones were not available, this could measure even bright and high. 8/10
