It's gentle, easier than 50 years of play. Kim Novak is a witchcraft contract in Manhattan. He puts a spell on the neighbor Jimmy Stewart out of weight but eventually loves to love him, losing his strength. Look, witches are allowed to have "hot blood" but not love. Elsa Lanchester is a aunt of Novak, also a witch. Jack Lemmon is his brother, ditto. Hermione Gingold is a great magician, and Ernie Kovacks is Sidney Redlich, a writer who specializes in writing about witches. I described it as the 1950s of the comedy because it can't be wrong for anything else. Everything is smooth and manufactured, from the decoration of the set, through the clothes and fabrics, for exhibitions and patterns. Take the character of Ernie Kovacks. Known as "drunk and nut." And here's how the film shows these qualities. He asks for a second drink, and, though always wearing a coat and binding like other dignitaries, his hair is long and full. That is the 1950 edition of the drunken and nut. There is nothing out there; everything is clean and dusty. Jimmy Stewart's shoes were not reduced. <br /> <br /> And the Zodiac Club, where witches depend. It's called "dive down." However it is a clean, dark place with dignitaries, quintet of musicians, well-dressed customers, and potted plants against the walls of brick. That is not my idea or your "dive down" - even in Greenwich Village in 1958. My intention to dive into Greenwich Village is Julius or White Horse Tavern or San Remo or Swing Rendezvous, who is now emerging of lesbians. The Zodiac club is diving higher than these. What we hear is always based on today's standards. I mean, Kim Novak is odd because she runs around her house in her feet. And she is wearing a lot of black dress like Beatnik's period. But never worry about it. It is a pleasure of romantic pleasure. Kim Novak is as effective as Gillian, who runs an ancient art shop for uptrodden. He has a wonderful beauty, bulky and ethereal at the same time. He ignores the walk, the presence of the wispy. His sores appear to be presented with a set of French plastic flowers. And Jimmy Stewart is as good as a defendant and hurtful. In the 1930s he often played in normal roles. In the years after the war and for many years the 1950s was the main character of the persecution, but here he puts his early experience in favorable use. Who can resist the laugh when Hermione Gingold puts on a strong wear shawl and drinks hideous concoction of putrid water to heal spell Novak? It is good to see him as a stooge instead of someone angry and angry the principle was at risk of being. Richard Quine leads the movie silently, without fireworks or special effects, and makes interesting things that play could not have. See the area where Novak provides a spell on Stewart, while the face of Siamese and ears appear to connect with the eyes of the amazingly Novak. Ernie Kovacks in the 1950s was a famous television man. There was nothing like Ernie Kovacks Show before - or after. It brings the word "surgery" to mind. He was able to set up five minutes worthless and unspeakable in the room that was not found by Bartok's Concerto of Orchestra as history. And he made a sketch that could not be used to use Percy Dovetail, a powerful poet. The type of credit flying on Condoli Brothers but that is normal because these two male - Pete and Conte - were the virtuoso's trumpets and independent work in jazz ensembles. Conte later was a member of the port Severison's port on Show Show of Johnny Carson. <br /> <br /> Three-dimensional character bogs and becomes more "romantic" than "comedy". But it has never been. The entire film goes well as playing with Van Druten and the kids probably get a kick from too.
