John Van Druten's "Bell, Book and Candle" is a fantastic and unexpected fantasy about the jacket of modern magicians living in New York City; was obviously interesting properties of the film. It had a stellar section for Gillian Holroyd, for the pastor of the book who was a pastor-pastor, Pastor Henderson and his family circle and circle, including Shep's fiancée, Merle Kittredge pastor, whose position with Shep Gillian begins its magic sand. It had even Pyewacket, a long-term Siamese, Sidney Redlitch, a magician of illusion and a demonstration of anger and odds. In short, it appeared to its producer, perhaps, a box-office of magic. And so it was. A lot of things were right about its production, it had one complete feature; but I saw all that was exciting, interesting and very entertaining. At the beginning, the screenplay of Daniel Taradash set up the best performances of good performances but opened its screens with the Greenwich village and other areas of New York. The technical production was good, and the movies and stories James Wong Howe, a good score by George Duning, who put more than clever with Louis Diage and coat with Jean Louis. In an interesting match were Wolfe Barzell, Howard McNear, Janice Rule as Merle, Ernie Kovacs as Redlitch, Jack Lemmon as a bad brother of Gillia, beautiful comediennes Elsa Lanchester and Hermione Gingold as fellow witches with Kim Novak good at one of its touch parts such as Gillian. Jimmy Stewart was a sufficient element in my judgment; he did well with the comedic parts of his part, but he had never lobbied as a publisher of the New York book, and very little old for Henderson's part yet. But director Richard Quine used craft lights, speed changes, and abnormal shots to show the distinctions of the witches of the film, putting other places very clearly but directly into their presentation. The biggest crisis of the plot in the film takes place when the Gillian actually falls to Henderson, who does not believe even the vendors. He started out to separate from his partner, his university opponent. Later, when Henderson tries to walk out, he returns to his home - and he realizes he is under a spell, because he has apologized to allow him. .. Meanwhile, Sidney Redlich has been called by a magician to come to New York to sell his book to Henderson. Of course he does not know anything of magic, but it is absolutely strange and the desire to know why he has come anywhere; but Gillian's brothers show him. All come out at the end of this romantic satire as Gillian proves his love for Henderson for losing his power - what happens to witches who really love man. Of course, he never wanted to oppose him yet. The film has a good talk, charm, and a little "magic" in fey charm of witches and Gillian pain should enter into his battle with himself, and win the person he likes. The best ending of this beautiful romance and photography and usually makes its amazing originality, though it's fantasy, just about full in my view. Amazingly.
