Band play, Book, and Candle was a favorite of mature actors to do in summer stock and take the road. One popular story, described by director Harold J. Kennedy, has Ginger Rogers insisting that her husband, William Marshall, who was not an actor, likes her. Marshall was wearing toupee, and as he passed through the door, his toupee was hit on the nail and sat back, walking through the door when he was on the stage. <br /> <br /> The game was successfully modified in a beautiful film film by Kim Novak, James Stewart, Jack Lemmon, Elsa Lanchester, Hermoine Gingold, Ernie Kovacs, and Janice Rule. It is a light entertainment, about a common-looking witches (Novak, Lemmon, and Lanchester) and a publisher (Stewart) who lives in their building. Most of them are Gillian, happy, soft, who would like to be normal. One night, with Stewart in his house, he places a spell on him using his Siamese cats, Pyewacket, and loves him. "Bell and Candle Book" was published on a beautiful set that describes New York. The movie is a lot of fun. Jack Lemmon is very funny in the role of helping as a brother of Gillian, a musician in a magician and a violent Zodiac animal. He uses his authority to turn and turn around and turn a regular woman. Janice Rule is perfect as a rival of the snobby university of Gillian, who is now playing with Stewart, and Ernie Kovacs has a great chance as a leader who writes a book on a point about witches. Lanchester and Gingold, of course, is always strange, Lanchester Gillian's aunt's daft and Gingold as a kind of queen of magic. <br /> <br /> Kim Novak is a good fit for Gillian, giving the character an effective wizard, showing the feeling when it becomes appropriate, and with that voice, a wonderful face, with a beautiful wardrobe, she certainly is magical. Stewart, in his last salary as a romantic fiction, costars and Novak as he did Vertigo, and makes the team more effective. He gives warmth, gives cold, and somehow, together it eliminates. In this, in fact, he is more elegant than "Vertigo." Beautiful movies, good for Sunday afternoon, beautiful next to Christmas (as part of the amazed at Christmas), and great if you feel like exciting.
