Once in a while, you come to a film that defines your values ​​and shows you the depth of human emotions that you have left. Vivah is that just? maybe more. After watching DDLJ, Saajan, and Lamhey, I really thought that the voice had reached its peak and it would not come with anything like that - EVER. The boy was wrong! I went to the shop to buy vegetables and I decided to take this film with a new "DON" (so we can compare The Great AB with ShahRukh though the decision has already been made in my mind). After discussing whether I would lose three hours on an empty movie I decided to look at it when I didn't have anything to do. When I saw a U mark instead of A, I was happy to be at least one thing that I don't need to look at women who are doing bad work skills without doing anything but playing every chance they get and making each guy show that they have more experience in bed than Hollywood B. The first 5 minutes or so I thought I would also like to be under the useless story and acting badly. After everyone who has seen Shahid Kapor knows that he has never gained his popularity as an accomplished actor. Boy? I was wrong about this film. This movie got my interest after the first 5 minutes and it will never leave you. It was a great movie with a good story about the lost traditions of our society. I just did not like that the director was a brave enough to make a movie where a little generation model was not used in connection with the concept (of a planned marriage), but also that he did it in the guilt (that is the right thing to do). I don't know why some people think that acting is not good. I felt that acting was good and though the music mark could not be considered the best, it was still very good. The good thing is this music will grow to people who have the same time as you did after seeing the film the second time. Another good thing is that your songs are not included in the script as we have seen in many movies. These songs say a great part of the story and it is certainly a boost. As Ajay Devgan came out to be shocked by a good actor (after the Company), and Salman got his groove after "Hum Aapkey Hain Kaun"; This movie will help Shahid Kappor fly to be the best characters and travelers in the sound. This is the first movie of her that I love her and her role. He did well and adjusted to be good for a young rich. You will seek to play basketball and install everything on the dunk as you saw ShahRukh in DDLJ (although it is shown to India in England? Amrita Rao, for the first time came as someone remembered. In all the other movies he was competing with the big faces that were hindering him. No one knew how good a real actress was really until they watched this film. Some of the events in which he must alia especially until the end shows his knowledge and depth of faith. Although he has been in another film that he remembers very well in this. I think this movie will have to do wonders for it. Move on Rani? there is another girl who is given a good opportunity to work with good directors can grab lights from you. He is beautiful and loud and has a face that is not going to be perfect. Oh have a fat body around 0% worth either (that's people I'm going to resist getting even 0.1% fat on it and different from many others like Sonali can also do too). I thought I would never enjoy the beauty of anyone after Madhuri and Kajol earlier, but it changed completely. Shahid and Amrita worked very well and their relationship enabled their characters and they both did a good job (although I waited Shahid to turn into a girl like Salman did every time she said "Hum aapkey Hain Kaun"). When I finished watching this film, it left me very emotionally so I decided to watch this film again (once). Yes immediately. I've never done that. Not DDLJ, but this film had something that had to be understood from time to time. I will be able to watch this film the third time at the end of the week just to watch and enjoy the traditions we all had. Great in those times when families are sitting and happy. When parents had time for their children and where children respected what their parents believed. I know many people think that the movie is not good for real life but the bottom is not all we want to appear. Family, you tradition, love and respect. This is the film that will remind us all. I can assure you that it is a well-made movie that you will enjoy. I am sure some young people will not like this movie but if you are over 28 I'm sure you will be one of them.
