The most brilliant film! Trin Trnka, master of the puppet animation, comprises the legacy in this, his final film. It would have been banned by the Communist government of Czechoslovakian (at the time), despite taking a large-scale animation of the country. <br /> <br /> In this black and entertaining film, the artist tries to create a new pot for his beloved plant. He makes his creation happy as he sees that his plant will be very good. Suddenly, he here knocks the door, and comes this great hand, who tries to force the artist to make an image in his image. The artist is working hard, but eventually he fails with a constant experiment, by hand, placing him. It becomes brain; A mentally zombie. At this point the hand links the strings to the artist, puts it on the cage, and uses it to make the image. They always glorify the work of the artist and give him a prize and medal and honor. The inner motive of the artist to express himself freely is what helps him to overcome his distraction, and make him go out of his prison, whether it is real or in his mind, and to return to his home where he should now be afraid of for the fury of the whole hand. He refrains, thinking that he cannot reach a strong hand, but in the process he puts his plant with a pot on top, and hopes are not found in hand, and his end falls on his head, killing him. The artist has been destroyed by his own creation. All because of the constant fear he had to live and immediately avoided the terms of the hand. Once you die, the hand puts the artist as a good man, a national hero. Unfortunately not for the circumstances or reasons that the artist would like to be remembered. The Trnka of the General Community's judgment, and their lack of free expression of darkness is dark, destructive and very surprising. No wonder the government has banned as this is the kind of media that people like, and maybe they would listen to me. That was obviously unacceptable. An amazing example of artists to implement civilization and the effect it can have. And it is still very important today for many parts of the world, from the United States to the Middle East. Must see and define 10 out of 10! Talk about going out with bang!
