At first I did not like the reason why the film is a game of Nazi swastika. But after buying and seeing it, it was not bad. When I heard many complaints about short-term numbers and Ilse Werner did not sing. Now I understand. The radio version was a radio program of propaganda. Ilse, John and Zara along with Rudy Shruki and band like Kurt Widman and his Orchestra and Fud Cantics of the past did not appear on the radio because the singers and bands were of jazz pop and swing groups. The club's foot was ordered to visit the locations of occupied by soldiers for short radio waves to soldiers and nightclubs and hotels, Berlin and Hamburg, and only record sales. This is why Ilse was not allowed to sing in this picture. This would be built by central budget, They were making music, 1942, where she could call him a movie. But this is a good example of propaganda.Inge and her aunt Eichhorn, played with Ida Wust, goes to the 1936 Olympic Games. He meets Carle Radditz, who plays Herbert, who has an extra ticket. He goes with him and is the first love. they plan to get married but the Spanish war comes on the way to go to work on the right side. Carl Raddatz as many people complained about him was good and not clear. When he made Opfergang and put a mustache on him with his suntan which made him look clear. You see the Nazi soldiers are common, like an old soldier and his troops in France and stealing pigs from the field and they are about to make lunch until their leader suggests saving pigs. This shows the rights of animal rights of Adolphe. Character was a player now a soldier. This was a subtle set against the eating of meat. Even in the 11 world war, Herbert flees German flight. We shoot one of the fighters so Herbert takes. We hit his flight. They fall. Unfortunately we are saved. Another person saw the Nazi soldiers going to a Catholic church bomb, is now putting the Catholics down, and Hubert best friend Helmet, played by Joachim Brennecke to start playing the instrument, Beethtoven, .The other bombs come from us. The church is the most bombing soldier keeps staying and playing the instrument is told to leave. We finish hurting him. Propaganda Message? The Catholic church makes him addicted to it. See? By this time Inge has with him or her mother or daughter, played Hedwig Bleibteu, a German actress who was a feminist who played Maria Holst's Aunt in Weiner Blut.Well, later comes with a brief view of radio show. This was not intended to be a revue of music, such as Kora Terry released the same year as As Rosen in Tirol, Music and their side of the war was to be just a drop back. It was mainly a romantic film of war. It is easy to take a shoe pot for those soldiers in the movie but in real life many of the soldiers were forced to fight the Nazi causes, the reason for work and pay each month they receive. After the war many of them who survived would regret it. This is a classic classic swastika. The only problem is that today you have Neo Nazi and Nazi skin heads, who watched the same movies to reflect their Hitler and their worship. Caused by websites that use these films to add money to their marriage. Be more careful at that time is the only one hate classics. If their status seems to be growing, then its Nazi website will explode .Go to IHF or the German film war during the war, Amazon dot Dee or German video dot net. They are valid. 01/23/10 The topic of error is not Herbert's friend who was killed in the church. It was a friend of the character of Malta Yager Schartzscop.
