I have to admit first I am a big fan of The Dandy Warhols, and that's why I came to watch this film. It is only this film, compared to other modern rockumentaries, is that it's not just about one page of band history (like “I'm trying to break your heart”, about Wilco), but instead it refers to long history of band history. In this film, the director / producer of Ondi Timoner followed friends / rivals easily Brian Jonestown murder (BJM) and The Dandy Warhols (DW) for over 8 years (1995 - 2003) and hitting at 1500 hours of raw video, cut than At 1:45 (the release of future DVD will have more devices than the original film). The result is surprising - no filling - the film is a 100% clean and realistic picture, which gives you an impression as the film continues to live with the band, for all these years. Both at the beginning of their work pledged to "make a revolution" in making music, and not selling their soul to the devil's "record industry". However, their routes soon came out - Dandy Warhols signed a contract with Capitol Records and became very popular (especially in Europe) after just one album, during the murder of Brian Jonestown (with its demolition leader Anton Newcombe) canceled (at least how shown in the film). And the movie follows the descent of Brian Jonestown's murder, compared to the Dandy Warhols hall. First, I was impressed with the film and his way of telling the story of Anton Newcombe (for example, Courtney Taylor - the leader of The Dandy Warhols - narrates), but after thinking some I realized that something wrong with this film. First, it takes Anton Newcombe as a lost person. The project started in 1995 as a document on several promising groups, which Anton Newcombe and the Oon Timoner were equal partners (that's why all these years Ondi Timoner had gained access to both forces). It is Anton Newcombe who brought the Dandy Warhols into the project. Finally he was fully ignored, as if he was selected out of the project. Everyone talks about BJM, but does not participate in the conversation. I think he had no information even when the group started the last edit process. There are always two sides of the story, and here we have only one ... Of course, as a person will expect, Anton does not accept the final result and sees this movie as betrayal of his old friends. <br /> Second, the film is very Dandy Warhols-pleased. Indeed, the winner takes it all, but the fact that Courtney Taylor (the leader of the DW) says (even if it seems a good choice - it gives a sense of involvement as it looks almost) and that the band's' history of late is represented without a block (BJM is covered up to a year of 1997, and DW - up to 2003), adds an increase to the film. <br /> <br /> Third, the movie is (somewhat) a little. What do you want to teach us? As one striker said: "... The movie explores the old questions: where does the wisdom enter the confused world? Can it flourish and get its results, or does it require self-destruction to preserve its integrity?" No, it will not reflect these questions! It shows only the story of a good, but unsuccessful musician, narrated by a young, but successful, who enters into a personal point of view and the eternal beauty of the mountain. However, the movie was fun - it's raw, it's clean, it's stylish, it's just a fascinating god, at least for DW's or BJM fans. For all - I don't know ...
