Anton Newcombe and Courtney Taylor are friends, they are both leading in their band; Anton and the murder of Brian Jonestown and Courtney and The Dandy Warhols. What is interesting about their friendship is that they are opponents; it is a relationship of love of love. Sometimes you hear them praise, but the next second they complain about how they hide and self-use. When Dandy Warhols reached commercial success, BJM was still stuck in the underground area; and for good reason why. <br /> <br /> Dig! is more towards Anton and BJM, if they have more substances. They are a less active band. During the gigs they will fight and burst. Anton will win other members if he feels they are not doing it correctly. For the amount of drugs they drink, they have always fought to wait. You know how people go to a car just to see if a car crash happens; that's why people will go to their gigs, to battle. Anton is very strong. Always looking to be a musician, he wants to change music and create a revolution, but he can never get out of the ground. He is a very talented musician, how many of the instruments he can play with that skill. But his draw back is not able to run the world he created; A strong musician is stuck in a black hole, alcohol and depression. On the other hand, Dandy Warhols had their own problems. They did not get much success with their first album and were always fighting with their record label. But they achieved great success in Europe. But Courtney continues to be reunited in Anton's world. It is interesting that both Anton and Courtney were all with what was needed. Courtney wished to have musical talent like Anton, though Anton did not say, he needed a business success that Dandy had, to make his revolution. <br /> <br /> Over the course of seven years the film workers followed these two bands, there are many pictures. There is no bright time in Dig! It's always moving together if they don't have time to decline as it has a lot to say, seven years of story describing in 1h 45mins are hard work. Ondi's show has done a great job of running one of the best music genres that makes you always want more. Even if you dislike the band is still worth checking; eliminates music to show good stories of success failures. You can not despair.
