The art of the document, of course about the friendship and the subsequent competition between the two western retro rock'n'roll bands: Dandy Warhols and the murder of Brian Jonestown. What actually turns into a picture of the psychopath of the border - Anton Newcomb - and its relationship to suffering with the whole world. Surprisingly, for the music document, no music. What there is - snatches of songs, more often than deleted by artists - is a rather intermediate event. Although the characters are musicians, the story is not about music but rather the American version of the British story of the cartoon life, that is, one where no one is responsible for taking the character as young people who have been destroyed all the time. Tantrums, drugs, violence, a very bad attitude, for example with a really simple level - all of these are well-developed or motivated because they resemble some of the ideas that have been about what rock'n'roll is approaching. If this film is the first class of class but it brings more questions than answers. For example, why is Anton's music conservative? For a wild and angry person (and he is wild and angry) his music does not seem to have gone beyond the clear sources of his 60 statues (Stones, Velvets etc) For someone who says he can play 80 instruments he has never distracted learning to play with any of them to a greater extent. Similarly, the Dandy Desire Workshop depends on the rock'n'roll vision which is fossilized in 1969. There is nothing wrong with sex, of course, but of course there is more than a life of music than making it cartoon from 60 years ago. Why do they have no risk with their music - in the way their leaders did? Because, one suspect, this is not about music. Music is just a material, money, or an excuse, leading life completely unemployed and worried. But why? In the case of Dandy Warhols, the answer is obvious: make a lot of money and become popular. Main item. Anton Newcomb's case is more interesting. He is very talented, but every time he is given the opportunity to reach a broad audience he sabotages him, usually with the greatest possible way. He is afraid of success, and at the same time, he strongly charges another person who has - especially his old friends Dandy Warhols. Interesting Movie. It is highly recommended.
