Documents about two rock bands, for several years. Brian Jonestown murder and Warhols Dandy. What makes it special is the observation of the distinctive characteristics of the situation and the poor state of success and failure. Anton Newcombe, head of the assassination of Brian Jonestown, is well known as a musician not only to his colleagues, friends and opponents of Dandy Warhols, but also to record producers and many people who have done work with him. Unfortunately he and his band members are also unable to connect to the real world. Newcombe fights with members of the band at the stage or to the members of the audience (get a single step for a full rejection of the fan head). Newcombe does not know boundaries? plays out of 40 different instruments and 100, writes and offers all BJM music, can produce enough songs to fill the entire album in one day, has a prophet's innovation as his music music, but also a drug user, increasingly escalating with a little loyalty to his artistic loyalty, command his members on whether it is a kind of low life, and he can call as soon as possible. BJM through a large number of memory labels in a quick series? they present immediately after realizing the talent of Newcombe and let them do as soon as they discover that they are not completely apart. Warhols accepts their debt for Newcombe innovation and even puts them in an elevated field of beauty? but Warhols has something that BJM is not worth? the ability to connect their talents to common knowledge, the real world, and their market? as a mixture of talent (even though much of it has been cut off from Guru Newcombe) and access, they are very definitive of 'cold'. DiG! follows the corresponding staff of the two bands and the increase in pain. At the same time, Newcombe pulls stunts to generate advertising by sending threats of death and hating the Warhols message (in a box with live bullets and insulting as a detergent bar 'to clean up their action')? only she forgot to tell it stunt and they get so paranoid they take orders to prevent against Newcombe. While Dandy Warhols leaves Europe and hits as 'Every Day Should Be Holiday' and 'Bohemian Like You', Newcombe is becoming more isolated. BJM is standing and the band breaks when they are caught by owning a cannabis? Warhols are offered to drugs almost simultaneously, remove and warn, and even allowed to put grass. <br /> <br /> The great DiG appeal! is that the knowledge of skills against access to go beyond two bands or even rock music. The obstacle is that it is still a document, however it is close, and it will only attract dedicated filmmakers or people who are already interested in one or two of the included bands. Newcombe may be a very great professional, and there is a light of this idea in the film, but with an innocent ear there is little more than the claims of people interviewed to ensure this. In the words of one of the members of the band: "In every spiritual tradition, you burn in hell by pretending to be God and could not strengthen it." Newcombe not pretending? but the numbers are probably still not able to thank him in his own life, and DiG! it has attempted to adapt to adjust the balance for a professional but in large quantities unknown.
