I have seen this film for several different events. I see one of the best things to do is just look at the impact of different types of people who are going to see it. <br /> <br /> Plan 1: PEOPLE. Many ancient Japanese men go to this film because they think it will be a movie of honesty and kindness of the samurai with lots of swordplay and medieval Japanese talks. Recently the two parties begin to discuss horrible films when inserting instructions around randomly in their sentences, the old people walk out, usually angry. Type 2: FILM SNOBS. These people think that just because the movie takes the label of "Independent" which will automatically be a burden of hard-follow, opemotional crap that can or cannot be in English. However they find it just to sing meditation songs so that people can think they are intelligent and uplifted. They are really surprised when they see this film. Once the blood begins to spread through the war-or-high war of the village that does not choose a dog and a rainbow during a telephone conversation, these people will be very afraid, they will come out. Few will just sit to see "how to get bad" and later they will talk about what a terrible movie was with their friends. Type 3: YOUR PEOPLE FOR ACTION ACTION ACTION IN ACTION OF MATRIX EFFECTS. Sorry people, martial arts are pretty solid in the film, but the director Yamasato really don't have the same kind of budget. Type 4: PEOPLE without consideration. These are the people who enjoy the film. They had just heard about the Blood of Samurai, they hit it randomly, or in the place of evil in the haze of alcohol, these are the people who will laugh at all the jokes and appreciate the movie why it is finally: ENTERTAINMENT. This movie was not made to brighten or create deep spiritual thoughts, it meant (if I could borrow a discussion line from the film) to "cut some ass." And so does it. So, depending on what type of person, you may or may not enjoy this film; however, if you appreciate the movie why it is and you can enjoy extra blood and acting, then go see this movie and make sure you bring your friends.
