I watched this film with my whole family of Tisa. Since my younger brother was recently married, we can unite with actions. The movie has out with a classical touch given a romance couple involved. Amazingly all this time the Indian inhabitants like Ranikhet Almora etc. have been used, which have already been visited by many urban areas, and thus add a relationship to the movie. The discussion is better than those in the "Umrao Jaan Ada" - the allegedly spoken movie. Music music adds more "good" patterns to the film. Somehow reminds me of VV Chopra of "Kareeb", which neha and somehow Bobby did the perfect justice for character. Same here, since the leading pairs did not interfere in any department-looks or works. The Assistant Provider is very good. I rate the actor to play the role of the Hero in the front league. The family relationship situation is shown to be real and exciting when you find yourself rather than one of the characters. The songs were very good on the screen and they were good with the movies. However, although I respect Ravindra Jain for her body of work from the movie to Ramayana, I lost Ram Laxman badly. It has no two callers (Sivan community), no bikinis, no quarrel, and no sense. You'd like to watch a movie for your parents unless you are ready or will start sharing soon. I want to explain about something here that is that although Suraj suggests that marriage is between families and not individuals, her approach is entirely personal. The movie is about Prem & Poonam, other characters are normal. Art strengthens life? "Peripheral characters" are registered back and only characters are a leading pair. <br /> <br /> Returning, Everything was so close. Except, for part of the dance. The tragedy was created by a trick. The results, sacrifices and heart changes are not compelling even. That is why it does not have an emotional - very purpose of this change of events. But, the deviation from the story was important to adopt a film from a good pre-wedding video on 'film feature'. But I kept waiting for the punch and did not come. Mohnish Bahal's preaching and later with Alok Nath on the doward was not out and it did things too. It can be this will help the movie to be free. But the plot could be made more interesting and non-line than it was. <br /> <br /> There was also a question in my mind when the movie ended: 1 Is the film finished? What? Film stopped?
