Consider the difficulty of Richard, the painter, whose true passion is flying. When we meet him first, he appears in the London building wearing his home wings. He has broken his bonds and other works, by his despair, and making a flying jump. While falling in opposition to the barrier police, he did not suffer from the start, but he stands in front of a judge who orders him to do community service. Richard, whose relationship with Anne seems to end badly, decides to move to a rural area where he gets a place in the country with a large warehouse that is preparing to build his own plane. <br /> <br /> Richard finishes trying to help Jane Harchard hesitate. She is a young woman infected with A.L.S., or Lou Gehrig's disease and tied to the wheel chair. Jane is very intelligent, but she has a dark side and a vocabulary of salt. He uses a hand tool that says sometimes, as his speech is unknown. What Jane likes to do is lose her daughter, at any cost. Jane and Richard are faced with them when they meet, but quickly agreeing for a long time makes them happy with them. Jane, who looks at porn on her computer, has the idea of ​​finding someone like Richard Gere in the "Gigolo of the United States", who, for a fee, will sleep with her. Richard takes him to London, looking for a good man for the job. His payment is huge, but they agree. Since they have no money, Richard decides to steal a big bank. Unfortunately, things do not work according to the plan when Jane knows she can't pass and what she wants. Finally, Richard takes Jane on his flight to the fun of her life, which brings them closer, because they find a relationship between them. Peter Greengrass inspired this quirky film that gives an unusual situation. Jane is clearly not a romantic hero in the most popular movies, and yet, she has a good aura on it which is hard not to feel to her and what she is trying to accomplish. Mr. Greengrass shows the relationship of Richar Hawkins' that he wrote for the film. Movie doesn't try to be good or give a beautiful picture of a young woman with an incurable disease. Helena Bonham Carter is the main reason for watching the film. She makes Jane beautiful. On the other hand, Kenneth Branagh does not seem very good for this kind of comedy. Somehow, he has his own problems as he explains Richard. Gemma Jones has a good time like Anne, the old love of Richard. "Theory of Flight" shows a good director. Of course Peter Greengrass will go great and better.
