I'm sure things didn't go right in the real life of Homer Hickam as they did in the film's book, Rocket Boys, but the movie "October Sky" (anagram of the book title) is good enough to stand up alone. I have not read the memoirs of Hickam, but I still have the ability to enjoy and understand the effectiveness of their film. The film, led by Joe Johnston and written by Lewis Colick, tells the story of a young man Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), starting in October 1957. It opens with a radio announcement, bringing news of satellite to satellite Sputnik, first artificial satellite in orbit. . We see pictures of the blue city and its people: many of the miners working for the Olga coal company. One of the miners heard the news on hand radio coming into the elevator, but the sign disappeared as he disappeared into the darkness, losing the stars on it. Tune the violin of melancholy continues with this picture. We then find the jolt of Elvis on the car radio as words on the screen informs us about the environment: October 5, 1957, Coal, West Virginia. Homer and his friends, Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Dell (Chad Lindberg), are talking about a football platform. Football support is the only way out of town, and working in mines, for these boys. "Why jocks are the only ones who go to university," Homer questions. Roy Lee answers, "They are the only ones who find girls." Homer does not do it in football as his big brother, so he is destined for mines, and follow his father's steps as my supervisor. Until he saw a dot of streaking light in the October sky. Then he wants to build a rocket. "I want to go into space," says Homer. After an experimental experiment involving the first rocket and the mother fence (Natalie Canerday), Homer helps the nerdy Quentin Wilson (Chris Owen). Quentin asks Homer, "You want to know what about the missiles?" Homer towers fast, "Everything." Her science teacher at High Creek High School, Miss Frieda Riley (Laura Dern) is very helpful to Homer, and the four boys are working in building a cemetery in the Homer Basement. His father, however, whose life is mine, did not help him. John Hickam (Chris Cooper) believes that Homer should not waste his time on missiles, that coal mining is anything. Coal from the mines is used to make iron, and without iron, the land will be nothing. The tough relationship between Homer and his father is one of the best relationships I saw in the film. Miss Riley informs Homer for the idea of ​​interfering with the internal science of science, and the opportunity to go to the citizens and win college. "You can't record your way out of coal," says Homer. Homer and his friends make up their dreams by working constantly on missiles, improving models for each attempt. Despite many attempts, boys do not lose their decision. "What are the chances of winning the right science," O'Dell asks Homer at one point of despair. "One million," responds Homer. "That's good?" O'Dell answers, "Well, why don't you say so?" Music, written by Mark Isham, brings sadness and hope at the same time, especially sadness when Homer descends into the pit of the mine and loses its sky and dreams of coal. The Rollicking 'spirit and roll of the 1950s, including the Coasters and Buddy Holly songs, often pushes the pieces of edges to create a heart-hearted heart that differs from young lives and miners' lives. The film, made by Fred Murphy, also uses color to set mood and display. The City of Coal, held by Tennessee, is sprayed with blues, grays, and colored colors of the colors of the colors of the color paints of the color paints. It is like coal fertilizer includes everything - surfaces, clothes, houses, and roads. While couples leaving red turn to ask for directions from boys, it is clear that they are from the outside of coal and Olga Coal Company. The book on the missile structure that Miss Riley gives Homer is red. The red comes out enough against the color-colored world of color to symbolize "entry", but it is still a trick. Reds are the shortest of the world in which Homer dreams only. Jake Gyllenhaal explains hard, optimistic, and skillful like Homer Hickam that it is hard to believe that he is not a real Homer we see in the actual picture end of the film. Chris Cooper is also an extraordinary honest as the father of a stubborn Homer, who does not know, or do not just want to admit, that mine has not generated enough to preserve the city. Homer, and everyone who encourages him in his rocket building, knows that the city is dying. With the spreading community, the only way they are together is by collecting rocket boys' performances. Again, I am sure things have not been done as a film shown to them, but what would the film have without idealism? "October Sky" has just enough to make it a big picture motion and raw enough to put it real.
