October Sky is a movie with a good reputation, and it's easy to see why. The story is easy to understand and many variables are turning, the executives and work executives are doing a good job, especially Jake Gyllenhaal and Chris Cooper, the hero finally gets what he wants, and it's a true story. In fact I think the success of the director is not the same as the spark and warm natural story producing. We don't have any specific information or movies; The power of the movie depends heavily on the plot of riveting and the hardened hero hero is bound in many listeners will find themselves identify with the characters. We hear Homer need to get his father's recognition and build his future, and his courage succeeds our respect. ¡¡October Sky¡h reminds me of future Japanese production of mini ¡¡Rocket Boy, ¨ ¨ which can pay inspiration from this movie. In fact these two shooting works from two different cultures provide interesting comparisons. During October Sky reveals the story of a young man crying loudly and demanding his rights on his own destiny, ¡¨ §Rocket Boy¡¨ gives further information that can sometimes be an acrid criticism of modern society. Speaking to the best actor Yuji Oda, ¡¨ §Rocket Boy¡¨ focuses on three people as common as: a travel agent who has a dream of being an astronaut, an advertising agent who is beside a burst and a difficult difficulty caused by the great success of his father and brother (such as Homer feels in his family), and a food company worker who is almost married but afraid of this idea. Social knowledge collected is a reflection of its successes to its districts and further steps to impose their dreams on demanding ¡§impossible.¡¨ To pay for the best lost, Kobayashi (Yuji) works for tourists because S called ¡§Galaxy. ¨ When his client has lost him and his partner decides to transfer him, he finally gets power from his father, who decided to be in the sea but later found life on the sea below as interesting as he had already thought. But I don't know, her father told Kobayashi, 'at least I tried. It is the father of confession that encourages him to resign from his job and ask for astronautships despite the fact that he hurt his feet and the need to move around the wheel. Kobayashi's efforts eventually fail, and he returns to the travel agency. But his courage encourages his friends, and everyone loves him more. Before the end of the series, Kobayashi is on the job as a guide to a space campaign which means leaving children to learn more about inventors. After the expiry tour we see him dependent on the tree, giving birth to a tear from the advertising board that says: § § Scientists want to 2004. ana Kobayashi looks at a piece of paper and laughs and laughing, just like a child looking at her ticket at Disneyland. Kobayashi can't find what she wants, but she is trying her fate and sure. Ni This series is heart-not because the hero shows any heroic acts, but his attention and not fail to realize his dream that makes us wonder and envious. Unlike Dilbert or other guidelines, this show shows us and teaches us something. Homer and Kobayashi both have dreams, and they do what they can even with other people's views. I recommend other IMDB users to see the Japanese TV series. If you are nine-fiver, you will feel more touched. I feel that IMDB does not have its data, maybe you can ask someone from Japan to help you.
