A simple and effective film about what life is, to cope with the challenge. It took many more to Homer and his friends to be able to grow in humanity without falling into the future trap of the future that comes from the father to the child, being the mine miner and never leaving the situation. It also took three different challenges for Homer and his friends to win a personal and free life. The challenge of the first satellite text of fake, Sputnik 1, the Soviet satellite, the key point in human history, the turning point that Homer and his friends did not miss, did not want to miss. Then the challenge of science and machinery to be used to count and prepare a rocket from the beginning or rather what they can collect in books and order in their mind. Finally the challenge of the world that rejects and refuses to try to force him into the packet, even for an unfortunate accident that lets you return to the pack for the importance of an open life, and yet Homer demonstrated that he had guts to accept the challenge that was temporarily detracting. plans and dreams. But there is another side of the story that the film does not insist enough. Homer is an assistant to the project but also an inspiring assistant she and her friends need. If he is to get a university education, because his friends gave him the front, his friends will also be able to find their roads and track and walk out of the fate of the mining, because of his energy-stimulating image sets before their eyes. It is difficult when you do not follow the example of the beacon on the hard road. But the film is also better to show how the father opposed this dream because for him the science was not a genuine fabric of man, like mining or soccer. Work class work that was present in the 1950s and 1960s and is still in other areas is often implemented by traditional fatherly ideas. If the mother does not have the courage to speak one day, the status of the class I say becomes a huge trap. Here also the film is effective and should make some parents think. This may be the fourth challenge Homer had to face: the challenge of taking a road that is not directed by his own father. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine & University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
