There is an old word related to a new film by Joe Johnston going like this: "A person who thinks he can and someone who thinks cannot be right." That is a very bold statement referring to self-confidence and self-belief, which, in this film, stands true even after road blocks and family problems are standing on the way. "Sky Sky" is about a young man who believes himself called Homer Hickam, growing up in a strong, traditional family in the 1950s. Homer likes in a small coal-coal town where almost everyone grows a farmer. All his friends, Quentin, Roy, and O'Dell think that their life after high school will be like everyone. Homer is not removed on the future. One night, when everyone looks at the sky, the Russian trick called Sputnik passes. This is a new thing for Homer, and he finds it amazing and amazing. From this point, his life will never be the same. First, he tells everyone that he wants to work in the field of rocket scientist to work. While talking about what he is saying, his family passes the idea on their heads and continues to live as usual his friends, however, think that this idea might be able. After all, Quentin is a very intelligent person when you come to this kind of thing. When four friends begin to measure the prototype, and blow the white fence with a smithereens, then it seems that the forest fires are afraid of them, they have to stop their development. <br /> <br /> Displays in this movie are very riveting from beginning to end. Both characters offer displays as this is actually a jumbo shaped here. Stand in all glory: Laura Dern as Miss Riley. This may well be a material of the College of Excellence as the judges can recall back to the beginning of the year when this film is opened. <br /> <br /> The characters are also being developed very much. Not only to the film writers provides a clear reason, the reason why Homer is interested in the subject, but also to explain to the audience how they are succeeding in their rocket studding. We are well aware of the intentions of the characters and the faith, especially the father, who has stumbled over the traditions forever. <br /> <br /> Movies, unfortunately, loses its speed in the middle stage because of stupidity, recycled small plot plot associated with the love of Homer and how his brother steals him from him. This kind of medium becomes very common in secondary movies, not that this film focuses on high school students. Vendors are eligible for each other without thinking, as in practice. I endured without complain in 1997 "Blocking Abbots," but I have been around just this. But it is a small complaint. For real-time viewing, the movie has the Oscar value and the real life parts of Homer and friends at the end, both of which have won a great deal with their dreams, especially Homer, this is the first great movie of 1999.
