I lost faith in Sooraj R. Barjatya after the main movie of Prem Ki Deewani hoon, then a year back now I saw promos for Vivah which looked good. But I didn't want to lose my hard money to look at the movie. When the film appeared on the DVD I used it and watched it and I loved the movie and returned my words to Sooraj. I finished watching him again and this time I thought I passed this film. Sooraj R. Barjatya Benefits this time, the same was not a big fan of Hum App Ke Hai Kaun. But I have always loved Manie Pyar kiya, after Manie Pyar kiya I think Vivah is Barjatyas working better. I hardly ever in the movies but this movie made me feel like crying. If you have had a love before then there will be a lot of time that you will touch on this film, the movie is just sweet and will make you like it, look at my movie's comments below. <br /> <br> The story of this movie can be called by times and times in ancient times, but for me it seemed to be modern because two couples who get married know that it is a traditional past. It has been done in modern times, many people do not believe in this marriage plan, but I. Travels between partnerships and weddings that will be always special with this movie clearly shows. When Prem meets Poonam for the first time, they show how it is and is true with my parents when they say so how they got married and expressed in a way that is really the people through Prem and Poonam to meet in this film is how many marriages are happening. It was very sweet, you feel afraid yet, the song "Do Ajnabe" shows very well. Restoring the story is the journey that you might join between Prem and Poonam (Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao) and there is a family. From it occurs in this film which is very good, the last 30mins you will all reach the tissue box. What makes this amazing film is the chemistry between Prem and Poonam, how they fall to each other is very sweet. A simple boy with a simple girl, when the first encounter time and after the song "Is Anjane Ajnabe" It is very sweet to look, She can't say anything and Prem speaks to be honest with him on the past and the girl loved him to smoke. Then it leads to all who have a family trip and then they fall to each other. It just makes you want to watch a couple and look at all the good they have. Another reason is that Poonam chichi means it really and you feel sorry for Poonam because it has been misunderstood and makes you want to see him dead and finally gets happy, you also start to feel happy with his movie makes you fall in love with Poonam more then Prem. When he gets happy through Prem he wants to continue to be happy and also doesn't hope anything is wrong because behavior is shown as a beautiful girl. That brings me to the exhibition and Amrita Roa as Poonam is amazing in the film, her best work until the date will fall in love with this innocent character and stop him from getting happy. Shahid Kapoor as Prem is amazing too, she is a poonam assistant in the film, she's happy her movie, together they share amazing chemistry and I've never seen a couple of cuter since SRK and Kajol. If Ishq Vishk didn't touch you to tell you how they play well, this will be true. "Mujhe Haq alive" song and before that is an amazing chemistry showing. The exhibition that touched me was when Prem took Poonam into his room and showed him where they would live and opened up and had time between them which is very sweet. Again if you have ever had love with someone whose pictures you can unite. The movie is the only interesting thing you will see forever. The direction is seen, my good film is something that can cut me and prevent me from believing for these hours here is fake and there is a camera opening them. For me this film took me in and for three hours I felt connected to the film. The songs you only make when you see movies like songs are placed in the status of the movie I played non-stop! Music is amazing, the story is just amazing and what more can I pray? What I can finally say, we rarely get a movie that makes us feel good, this film after being seen will make you feel good and make you want to be the best person. In fact it is the most beautiful journey, among them shows that they travel between cooperation and marriage and many people say it is a very good part of your life? Well this film shows how you really do people say so? Why people really say that such a trip is just amazing! Watch this film and you will see why this journey is amazing!
