To watch ads for this movie, I was sure that I would like. For one thing, it was one of those "for the fundamental freedom of the cinema", which usually means that the author of the book saw the script, liked it, and refused to be associated with the film. Worse, the trailer only showed the normal slapstick size (eg: the baby gets a square face and garden hose ... and falls on). So, my younger brother in his mind that this is "must see" the season film (of course, he thought the same thing on "Cars", "On Hedge", "Bully Ant", "Monster House", etc., etc.), I was accepted under cheerfulness. But once in the theater, the film won me for various reasons. First of all, the authors close the 'kid conversation' better than any other children's movie I ever saw. The main example of this comes directly after the boys are accidentally injured by the spray in the egg omelet. Those boys make a bad impression, rather than a widespread teaching of chiefs, which makes it true since young children think (by mistake) that they are doing great advice for their adult victims. Then one of the boys asks, "Why did he say, 'alley oop'?" Another boy replies, "Maybe he's mad!" and the whole group laughs too. Not joining the courage, but especially the kind of little child will come to its place and especially the kind of remark other children of his age will get hilarious. As to confirm, my younger brother just laughed over the cue when they were said on the screen; I could hear his voice playing the same lines if he was placed in the same situation. <br /> <br /> Another reason the movie works is that writers can work on issues like bullying, brother relationships, new child at school, and peer pressure / follow-up without making any of them seem to be a small part for some of special schools. For example, the abuser (Joe) is not a position; he is obviously evil but it is not a pure evil, and his enough life is revealed that the listeners feel compassion for him and understands his nature of abuse. There is also no "cue music wonderful" when Billy ('Worm Boy') knows the perfect tool for his younger brother Woody, and yet, at the end of the movie, some sort of small change has been made. There are some realities here through the characters to solve the situation and in the way they relate, and very little comes as corny. The only shortage of the film comes in the form of a very sad dance scene that even the creators of McDonald's dance party in "Mac and Me" would laugh. Why oh why it was installed on the film? Did Austin Rogers (Adam) drew Caukin Macaulay and refused to take responsibility unless he was given a car to show his amazing skills of oh? The entire sequence was not required to be there and had a little comedic value than any display on "History Channel". Overall, this movie was beautiful, and length (about an hour and twenty minutes) was just around. One of the world's best films that you can see if you are around children or just remember what a child was like.
