I have never seen the film before. I was on the edge of my seat and always laughing on the whole movie. I have never thought this terrible act stood all so strange. The background of the film is good but the movie events cannot show them. I've never seen such a stupid movie in my life which is why I think it's worth watching. I am giving this film out of 10 out of 10 because the most interesting movie ever made, this film looks like it was just created to be garbage. I mean events that seem to be fake and executives act as "camera is in front of them". You will get a kick just to look at how this movie shade is, I and my friend could not stop making jokes during the movie, darthvader guy who tries to find a girl got running over once but twice and the second time she ran over it seemed like sh! # although not speaking English lol. If you watch this movie you will think for yourself that all those movies that you did not like you have agreed to be better than this. This movie should appear from curiosity as well as what kind of films that define the lame. Snake snake met a girl often was ridiculous, a bad snake shouted and allowed her to leave every time. The bad snake had so many opportunities as God was trying to say quickly and eat the girl wanting how many miracles. Transition between events makes you wonder if I have lost something? Many holes of plot from area to area. I laughed as mad when they decided to "avoid Mexico" to stop the snake. Hmmmm to enter until you save the snake from Korea? The amazing ... very interesting .... I think you enter until you solve all the problems. Another area that was hit thoroughly ... they met for the first time and they had a romantic place on the beach and they didn't even know one ... the area was clichéd and had no substance at least in some movies it might seem wise after this but i mean they JUST MET even if they are reincarnations there are feelings they like they immediately love each other instead of developing. Anyways this movie is worth looking for opening your eyes and seeing the light. Hollywood films are seen as heaven compared to this. Finally it is worth looking at you never get bored you will have to take it every time, every area in your head.
