When we speak the Hollywood Hotel we can talk about one of three things, a real hotel, a radio program, and this film which was the second part directed by the first two. Dick Powell was hosting the Hollywood Hotel program on the CBS radio network where Louella Parsons made a review of the stars every week. Powell and Parsons started the Hollywood Hotel program in 1934 and in 1937 the right part of the radio audience. Powell attended, singing, and called by Louella and his movie stars. With the strength she had, she managed to find a star to continue and to close their recent films without anything. Then the US Federation of Radians' Association came in and demanded to pay the salary according to them they won the case. That ended the Hollywood Hotel's program in 1938. Both both Powell and Louella went on to other radio stations. The whole story is covered in Tony Thomas, Dick Powell Movies. But before plugging this film was off the home of Powell's Warner Brothers led by the radio program. Powell sings singer / saxophonist and Benny Goodman band who is signing a Hollywood contract. But when he comes out of Hollywood he is embarked on a Lola Lane movie star, his true appearance of real life Rosemary Lane, and a ham actor in Alan Mowbray. When Mowbray is called to sing in the civil war that makes with Lola Lane, it is Powell's voice they use. Then Mowbray begins the problem of Lina Lamont when asked to go to the Hollywood Hotel program, announcing from Hollywood Hotel. That has a studio in the zapzy. Let's say the problem has not been resolved how to Sing In The Rain, but Powell manager Ted Healy shows it to be wise. John Whiting and Johnny Mercer offers a very good score for the film. The great hit hit comes at the beginning of Benny Goodman's port and singing songs Johnnie Davis singing Hollywood, Hooray for Hollywood. I liked however it's Powell and Rosemary Lane singing, I am like fish out of water. Just listen to the lyrics of Johnny Mercer about Ginger Rogers running Brooklyn Dodgers or Sally Rand without his fan, it's a summary of the popular American culture in thirty. Busby Berkeley is doing choreography here and when the film does not have the things that happen to think which his original work with Warner Brothers has, that number is properly installed. The greatest time of Berkeley is in driving where Powell and Healy have been forced to work. The number begins with Benny Goodman's announcement from the Hollywood Hotel to Be a Lesson for You and then on the Powell Car, Lane and everywhere to start joining the song of an attack by Edgar Kennedy. And you know what you can expect from Edgar Kennedy's harshness. <br /> <br /> Benny Goodman gets to show what was called King of Swing when the port and drummer Gene Krupa and the doctor of the Lionel Hampton religion as part of his communion. That includes Frances Langford singing too. And perhaps the last member of the group was a colleague who had a little radio player. He died in 2004, but not before becoming the US President of the United States. Ronald Reagan deserved Dick Powell and Pat O'Brien to be the two players of Warner Brothers who were very supportive of the little player who is trying to make his mark. <br /> <br /> Hollywood Hotel is one of the most beautiful and pleasant pictures of motion, dated, but it does not change it.
