The "Hollywood Hotel" has a link with many films like "Ella Cinders" and "Merton's Movies" about a man winning a competition including a film making film in Hollywood, just getting a stardom road or paved with pitfalls or non-existent. In fact, as I watched tonight, on Turner Classic movies, I was considering whether or not the future musicians of "Singing In The Rain" could take some of their ideas from the "Hollywood Hotel", especially the star star star in the studio. The film had a conclusion about one person playing a film while someone else got a brilliant mouth in the head. The "Hollywood Hotel" is a fascinating example of making a film. In the 1930s. Among the supporting players is Louella Parsons, playing himself (and, despite the negative views I have seen, has a very interesting characteristic on the screen and the original command of its lines). He is not the only true person in the script. Specialist Perc Westmore specialist looks as briefly as himself trying to do one character that resembles another. This movie was also the first one in the career of young Mr Ronald Reagan, talking to the radio at the film festival. Reagan actually performs very well in its short performances - especially when he knows that no one Dick Powell is about to take a microphone when it should be used by the most important people. Dick Powell has won a Hollywood contract in the tournament, leaving his job as a saxophonist in Benny Goodman's band. The beginning of this film, by the way, is quite surprising, as the band offers in the parade of trucks provide a good opportunity for Powell. They end up singing "Hooray For Hollywood". Interesting on this amazing number is that lyric has been left for purpose. In all the lyrics of Johnny Mercer are the Hollywood references such as Max Factor king of making, Rin tin tin, and even the Tarzan logo. But the original lyric song is known to look like Tyrone Power. Clearly Jack Warner and his brothers did not go to announce the leading man of the 20th century Fox, and his name Donald Duck was changed. In any case the number showed the musicians and musical instruments of Goodman for the best. He also made a five-minute part of the film, where the band includes. <br /> <br /> Powell gives the band and his girlfriend girl (Frances Langford) and goes to Hollywood, and just see him a contract player (most likely of music involving saxophonists). He has met Allen Joslyn, a partner of the studio (owner is Grant Mitchell). Joslyn is not a bad partner, but he is busy and tries to beat people unless it's important to talk to them. He climbs Powell in the Hollywood Hotel room, where he also has a spectacular star studio (Lola Lane) lives with his father (Hugh Herbert), his sister (Mabel Todd), and he is wise as a stupid assistant (Glenda Farrell). . Lane is like Jean Hagen in "Singing In The Rain", unless his voice of speech is good. His version of "Dan Lockwood" is one "Alexander Dupre" (Alan Mowbray, a place of stealing easily several times). The only difference is that Mowbray is not a good person like Gene Kelly had, and Lane (while not bound in his ego) is quite familiar. Having the right to adoption of the usual role that he wanted, he refuses to attend the premiere of his recent film. Joslyn gets twice for her (the real sister of Lola Rosemary Lane), and Rosemary makes a star play at the first and a follow-up party. But he attends with Powell (Joslyn wants someone who does not know the real Lola). This prompts Powell to hit down Mowbray when the latter makes its own treatment. But otherwise the evening is successful, and when they both are together they start to get each other interesting. <br /> <br /> Problems dealing with Lola back and blowing Powell in the face, after Mowbray complains he was attacked by Powell ("with his group of hoodlums"). Powell Agreement was purchased out. Working with a photographer turned out Ted Healey agent (in fact not so bad in this film - even trying to imitate Jolson at one time), both of them trying to get a job, ending up as workers in a hamburger run by an angry rage Edgar Kennedy (number of broken dishes and customers in the restaurant give Edgar a lot of time to make his patience slower). Finally Powell gets "resort" to be employed to sing the song of Dupre in the deficit of "Gone With the Wind". This leads to the final part of the film, while Rosemary Lane, Herbert, and Healey to help Powell her opportunity to show her voice, not Mowbrays. It is a very good and interesting film even now. Bad things are due at that time. Jokes about African-Americans cannot be tolerated (while trying to photograph Powell coming to Hollywood, Healey photographs the porter for an accident, and tells Joslyn to watch, photos of Powell also dark - get a point?). Also a bit with Curt Bois as a fashion manufacturer of Lola Lane, who is (we'll say) very high beat is not very tolerated. Herbert's "hoo-hoo" ing is very little (time-consuming) but it was very popular in 1937. And the event that Healey almost gets the first victory (this was one of his final films) reminds people of a great tragedy, yet The wonder of the competitor in December 1937. But many films are very good, and they do not listen to the viewer in 2008.
