The movie begins with a girl-challenged girl with a bright sneakers sneakers to look at the sky on the street corner Madrid and become a spellbound with a flight pass. The movie examines the lives of five women? Adela, Leire, Maricarmen, Anita & Isabel ?? who have a completely different life and choice of shoes. Their shoes are the first physical, but are closed in some sense, the clue we get in their weak identity. In a decorated and carved way, the advocate tries to reveal the most comprehensive secrets of the woman's spirit to the sole of her feet. The premise is dangerous and has provided a bit, but the sound and depth of the movie takes a sharp circle for good. It is possible to have a strong and high heart rate, the speed of turning the gear and improper damage to the area that causes the viewer to be taken for a minute, seeing the love or lack of it, pain, chaos, hopes, needs and ways to escape through minutes different rooms of the house and down the road and finally down ... What is the area! (!), But there will be other effective to follow and strengthen the strong qualities and lead in this piece of life. Going, a woman has lost her husband who loved and inherited her children and taxi, sometimes lost her husband emotionally, sexually, mentally, but not physically. Spirit, divorce awaits? shame, regret and regret. New love? Can you love the mirage? Can you love someone in the mirror? Can you love someone who doesn't love him? Or do you think you can't love him? Can you love and live life though it will always have hope? But aren't these hopes and dreams that put us down here and in the happiness of family? Many deep things occur and the last act brings people and ideas together to unite in a conflict without a clear solution, a firm decision or effective healing. Perhaps improper thoughts, a temporary feeling, but a constant thanks to life and crafts and intelligence of the film. Live. Get back. Switch the well. To reveal the truth, the key; large stones (piedras) of life. Others are just an explanation.
