Several verses of the story are inserted here next to different female characters. The shoes they wear serve as a sign of their worries. They all change at the end of the film. Adela (Antonia San Juan) leads the brother; His daughter Anita (Monica Cervera) has lost her life. Leire (Najwa Nimri) is a manufacturer of shoe and trouble and has lost her partner; Maricarmen (Vicky Peña) has lost her husband and is now raising children from his late wife. Isabel (Ángela Molina) is a rich and tired woman. Other characters are used to connect key characters of five women. In storytelling it's not everything that was originally released: Some connections are amazing at the end of the movie and that adds experience. The shoe theme is taken in large quantities: For example, when Leire is a shoe player and working in a shoe store where he stole his shoes, he breaks one of the heels. <br /> <br /> In editing a small relationship takes place between events. Phone ring, cigarettes are closed, song, etc. are used to make connections with quick cuts. Regular change of storyline prevents boring or reaching TV standards. It is the power derived from music to set sound and atmosphere. The cities of Madrid and Lisbon serve as the story of the story, and the shots of these cities are used to expand more stories of the characters. One of the most progressive shots is when Anita, who makes the trip every day, increases her walks and prevents life from the tranquility of her road to a busy highway: How the space barrier is interpreted for knives is good. Like many Spanish films, many stories are done in a simple way, using stories like soap as a simple background. There is the end of the poems that are romantic and interesting but still good. Ramón Salazar likes it and its accessories are over. Other events are kitsch and detergent rate, including acting (Adela's love life, Isabel's doctor). The shoe theme is salt and is a weak example. <br /> <br /> This is often compared to Magnolia because the same structure is the same. But it's different. Magnolia has more technological capabilities, but it is huge. This has more than the ability to translate feelings and situations. After seeing this, you liked to move to a new film movie: Madrid.
