VIVAH in my opinion is the best movie in 2006, coming from the director who had succeeded in all his work. I am not very interested in romantic movies these days, because I see them as "old wine in new bottles" and so predictable. However, I watched this film three times right now ... and I believe it is an amazing movie. VIVAH returns the traditional way, showing simple characters in a wise and realistic story of travel between engagement and marriage. The film includes in all ways it can be seen by what we do (or what it does) when it comes to marriage. In this sense, Sooraj R. Barjatya has done his homework well and has shown a very realistic story on a very fun movie. Several series in this movie find your interest immediately: <br /> When Shahid Kapoor comes to see the Bride (Amrita Rao) - the way she tries to look at her without making it clear before her and her family. The 'Do Anjaane Ajnabi' song goes well with this situation. The first dialogue between Shahid and Amrita, when she comes to see him - ie shy shyness does not know what to talk about but to connect good conversation. Also the behavior of Amrita's ignorance, have little concern for the eyes, the reputation of shyness and responding to the Shahid questions. The emotional demise of Amrita and his uncle (Alok Nath) when he takes care of the Shahid party in the form of another man's brother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Clear movie is Amrita Rao all the way. Migizaji expresses the role of Poonam with the belief that you cannot think of anyone else to choose. She looks good at the whole movie, and shows the innocent girl and the most embarrassing. Shahid Kapoor is doing very well too. He gives the performance of promises and shows that he is not under Salman Khan when it comes to working in the film Sooraj R. Barjatya. Certainly Shahid and Amrita make a good couple on the screen, without a shadow of course. Other characters - Alok Nath (Excellent), Anupam Kher (Brilliant), Mohan Joshi (Very good). Overall, VIVAH offers what it promises, a good and true story of two families. The movie has top-notch displays, the best stories and great music according to the film, as well as directed by fabulous Sooraj R. Barjatya. You must see!
