I came soon and I watched this film without seeing it for years. When I saw the first movie I was very sandy to understand what the film was about. Now that I have seen it again I couldn't believe what I missed all these years. Since I am able to see movies for what it is, I think that this film was good. Many people feel like music is the best place, but I don't think it's true. Many people do not understand how this story is good because it proves to act. The fact of the matter is that no one in the movie was trying to act rather than being themselves. All the main manufacturers were playing themselves. They did not try to be anyone else, but themselves. I have really checked and analyzed the work and the effort put on the film. Now from my perspective, the scenario shown in the film is very good from what went to music in Minneapolis at the time and many things being done are actually true events that happened in the work of Prince and who can tell them better than he? The music coming from the city at that time began to be recognized and reformed. It was interesting to see how music had a great influence on the club "First Avenue & 7th St of St" where in fact Prince, among other musicians, began their work. It is also known that Prince and Morris Day was competitive for each other in real life, but it was a friendly competition. They were friends all the time. So the story essentially differs from that aspect of their competition competition instead of their friendship that shows the competitive side of what happened to the club "First Avenue" at the time. <br /> <br /> Another reason why this film is good is due to the fact that some of the situations that occur in the film are actually based on events that Prince has passed in his life and the music and personal feature. For me, this has made the film more realistic because it tells the experiment and suffering it before it spreads. Further, his commitment to his presentations is a wonderful thing. Prince made sure that every time in the film was done perfectly. Whenever you hear a song playing on the film it is in full synchronization with the current situation. <br /> <br /> Prince is in all genres of music and has always proved it. This movie is exactly what to put the Prince on the official map and he will not slow down since. Anyone who has watched this film or still (of course) has not yet watched it, when you sit down and see this film you should look at it with insight or you will know the whole aspect of the movie. If you love music this really is a movie to watch. More than what someone else says I think is a good movie to watch and possess.
