This is one of the best movies coming from sound in years. Indeed the best this year to date. Hindi on the basis, panoramic pictures, heartwarming conversations and sound music and smooth make movies become unique. The best indication of the Indian and culture makes the viewer look for its roots in them and strengthen the mind and spirit with a sense of pride and new hire for life. <br /> <br /> This movie is for viewers who enjoy calls for their ideas and philosophical minds. If you would like to watch movies to get all your nerves through screening, sex or terrorism, then this film is not for you, because you will find that the film is not available for 90 degrees in it. It's a simple story for a movie as it can get. But that's exactly where the cinema is. One gets real life experience, and the best thing, this experience is full of values ​​and hope. It is about the positive side of life, about the good things that God has given to people on, as opposed to modern movies that insist on charity, terrorists and underworlds. This is not about things and people who have gone wrong. It's about the good that is still going, and which makes the world go on. Of course, all kinds of movies are decent but it requires courage and many talents to come up with a swimming film against now and tries to open public eyes to reality and reality. After saying this, here more ... <br /> <br /> The movie is a couple's journey from their engagement with their planned marriage - yes, it's okay, it's a marriage arrangement and a couple learn through their parents only, and learn to love each other. The 6-month gap between the partnership and marriage is long, not full of "horrible" scenarios, but one that feeds on increased love and commitment to couples. They learn together the importance of their relationship with this precious lifetime, and work to strengthen marriage bonds. But these are enhanced enough? Their relationship will be subjected to a test of time not only but also luck. Will they pass this test? That's "Vivah" is approaching.
