1983 BBC production of "Jane Eyre" star Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton (LOVE HIM) has always been and always have my favorite Jane Eyre. If you look at another version of Jane Eyre without reading a book, it will be like watching a typical movie that you will forget the next day. But watch this one almost the same as reading the book. I was looking at these many services when I was young, and they led me to read the book. At that time I did not listen to how this television production is close to the book. Recently, I saw the 1996 edition of Jane Eyre and I was very disappointed. It was only two hours and did not have many important images from the book (such as my favorite gypsy area). After that I have loved this "Jane Eyre" more because it includes all the main events of the book and tells the whole story (other versions are not, if you have not read the book). The Casting of 1983 Jane Eyre is the best. It is true that Timothy Dalton is a very good actor (who can play Butler in "Scarlet", and Julius Caesar), but he is so great as Rochester that I can't imagine anyone else playing this role. And Zelah Clarke is, of course, only Jane follows the book notes. Another thing that makes this film so beautiful is the dress and makeup of actors. Jane seems to be nice and bold, as Bronte describes her (though she doesn't look at 18, but really focuses on that?) / It seems that this "Jane Eyre" is too long, but I'd like to spend all my days looking at it rather than spending 2 hours watching another version. Others say the film is not available and it is very interesting because Jane doesn't care enough, or because they don't have enough "kissing scenes". I hate it when they make Jane Eyre some "movie film" and incompetent kissing events. You don't need to include "things to love, madly in love" to show love between Jane and Rochester. And both Zela and Timothy show this love to the full that no other scenes are needed !! I am 19 years old, and many girls of my age mention this film as "boring and old-fashioned". But I can only treat them compassionately because they do not know their purity and beauty. After all, the novel is installed in the 19th century, and the same look makes it more interesting and more like a book. I don't think there will be any version of Jane Ayre which will be popular with this love. No matter what Jane and Rochester plays in other movies, Jane and Rochester real (at least) will always be Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton!
