I have recently seen this production on DVD. It was my first time since it was announced in 1983 and it was as good as I remembered. At first as it was worried it appeared in the past and I think it's dated a bit with the very words like BBC serials were back then. (I miss miss dramas a wonderful dress that seems to be always on Sunday at the same time) But that aside is almost as close as it would. I am a bit of "Jane Eyre" purist as it is my book and I've never seen another producer who is loyal to a book like this. I have again learned this book and some discussion is just a spot. Read the area near the end where Rochester asks Jane about what St. John was like I noticed their words were exactly on the screen with Dalton and Clarke and done perfectly. All other things that have been done all seem to be missing some way, some even leave the "Rivers" family and their relationship to Jane. I also think this is the only production that includes the "Gypsy" area that was done correctly. It is perfect, Zelah Clarke is like Jane is described in the book "little by little and dark" and I disagree that it appeared very old. Timothy Dalton can be very good but he is perfect as Rochester, showing every aspect of his character just right and doing his socks away! I agree with other views that even seemingly horrible when, as in the area where he turns slowly into the church when the wedding is interrupted, his words are terrifying. But in another pleasant manner his delight is good to see when Jane runs down the stairs and into his hands in the morning after announcing their love to each other. Love is expressed with wonder and absolute trust. Oh loved someone like that! There were a few incredible cases, however, as when Jane climbs bed with Helen lost and Rochester takes Jane shopping for her wedding things (I thought that one was in it but maybe my memory is playing techniques) > <br /> Finally if you don't see another production of Jane Eyre - you just see this is just perfect!
