My opinion to VIVAH: - It is charming, the story of the love story that attracts Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao. The film takes us to a little comfort as the family of grandmothers and the bride sleeps on the floor, playing games together, their friendly and honorable flag. Vivah is about the sacredness of marriage and the importance of commitment between two people. Yes, the main romance is naively visualized. But during a romantic relationship between a couple of marriages and their stubborn opposition to modern-day cooperatives make you desire for idealism. The film has been completed and the wedding with the groom, the wedding night, tells her new grandmother who is injured with burn wounds: "Let me make your dress" / VIVAH - shows many good things - the beauty of a planned wedding, The beauty of the Indian culture, the beauty of the Indian woman, the last but not the least IDEALISM of unmarried waiting to get married .... play with the law! Simple yet beautiful; Such a simple story .... no plot ... no villain - just like most of Sooraj Barjatya film. Mr. Sooraj is back for what he is doing BEST. He has made the film and KINGDOM. His best film - which teaches the current generation a lot of good things bout Designed Marriage & Family Family 2. I think AMRITA RAO - looks very good and has done very well. He has many positive events - although I think the last half hour quite for Shahid Kapur - who for the change gives good performance prevention. I also loved the rest of the past. Choti except Amrita Prakash, Alok Nath, Anupam Kher, son-in-law and Shahid. It seemed almost as real and recognized as it could. Sooraj master has a good family film on his loan after Maine Pyar Kiya, HAHK & Hum Saath Saath Hain. Chemistry between Shahid & Amrita is AWESOME. <br /> <br /> Plans like Holiness in Marriage / Relationship, Avoid Relationships, Respect, Care & Space, Waiting for "Formal", Applying / Setting Up for Lovers - all this and more to get SHOWCASED Vivah. There are still good listeners who are going to enjoy this film. Some people / listeners have already been happy after seeing, that they are thinking of a bout-Prepared wedding :) That's a success if you ask me. looks AMRITA RAO - our actor-from-Vivah {The result of good performance} has been awarded the best DADSAHEB PHALKE award for 2006! He relies on this success Chalo, although Vivah, Shahid or Amrita did not receive any of the film awards and other awards; @ at least this is news for CHEER about !! Congrats for AMRITA RAO - to show us the visual of Ms-Hindi being in a clean and Ya course course for Sooraj Barjatya to show her the best way :) Shudn't forget Shahid Kapur and all others who make VIVAH as sweet and stories like today! Think, share the same part as the story of Dilip Kumar .......... Its does not mean success! Congrats for Amrita Rao - to take his job to another level with this award .... I personally feel - he should continue to make movies only with Shahid Kapur !! They make a nice couple with their screening camera reminds me {SRK-Kajol} or {Aamir Khan & Juhi Chawla} ................. of the points I saw, a few things: - # 1 If you know carefully, Amrita Rao looks good because she is always wearing traditional clothes. He gives everything of the Indian woman's nature - in this film! Shait Fit # 2 Shahid Kapur is like most of us - not ready for marriage or early marriage .... but PREM listens carefully to the discussion of the wise step provided by his DAD - having full confidence in Anupam Kher. Finally "Honesty" and "Hope" are key words that show in his first conversation with Amrita. Many people think of the first meeting with a total visitor and a little time is not enough to judge someone. But according to what I saw in this film, I feel - that two people who have been made for each other can integrate into the encounter 1 too, It is possible !!! # 3 In the entire movie - there is a series of 4 or 5 where Shahid & Amrita have together - or are shown to be together. It is different from other romantic / wedding movies where Hero & Heroine are always singing / playing or these days - doing cheap things. But the beauty of each of this 5th system: - Definition of prevention, guilt and respect for another! # 4 I loved the relationship shown between Chacha ALOK NATH & Amrita Rao. These kinda movies should show a shortage that has been shown to children / girls in other parts of India. # 5 Sexual experiences between a couple of shooting are shot well - no cheap pictures, songs are beautiful pictures! Words like "Jal", "praarthana" e.t.c. they will be a master for all the girls who loved this film :) In fact, I enjoy a lot of conversations on this film. # 6 Last but not least - The whole section of the Hospital where Shahid puts "symphony" to Amrita when she struggles for Life - it's strict. The dialogue between the couple is touch and U feel love / I-cant-do-without-U; It's feeling-Off emotions !!! *** In many ways, VIVAH reminded Maine Pyar Kiya, DDLJ, Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak, Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam - for purity / on-line chemistry LEAD:) :) If you say: - With films like Rang De Basanti, Lage Raho Munnabhai, DOR, CORPORATE and Kabul Express, VIVAH are among the best films made in 2006. RIGHTS - I think Vivah deserves better look / business than Dhoom2 or Fanaa or Golmaal or all time-passing movies / inappropriate / style / crap !!
