* EXAMPLE OF EXAMPLE: I would like to say this without opening points of conspiracy, but I can't. Sorry. * I 'm looking for an IMDb movie of George C. Scott's movie when I fell in the summary and comment on this version. It had a very good opinion that I decided to do even though: (a) when it went and run, I thought George C. Scott made a state of torture (physical appearance) of the Rochester book for T; and (b) even when I look at the DVD cover, I thought "Not Timothy Dalton who is looking for the role?" The last concern was reinforced by the fact that I decided to re-read this book when the DVD was on the backorder. That said, the minute I started looking at this, I was attracted to. At first it was difficult to hear the 1840 talks written - for a little or no experiment - but Dalton and Clarke volunteered in it completely, that I really enjoyed the fact that adapters had been audience to follow a traditional speech. Having a top book on the screen was extra bonus. I know someone who will not look at any of Jane Eyre's versions because "who wants to see a film about a person who keeps a poor female woman in the center?" In fact, if the person who did not read the book dropped in an hour and a half or two hours, they would think it was a good story about - the secret of Rochester and it affects everyone around him. Fortunately, this version is really about all life of Jane Eyre. Some people have criticized the throw. Dalton is also dashing; Clarke has also been saved. I can't compete against the first step, but he is "on time" that I believe he is Rochester. For me, the performance of Clarke is on score. Jane Eyre is calm, protected. If someone remembers this book, the great controversy of Jane and her suffering occurs during her personal struggle. Some complaints testify. The viewers say Clarke is very short or not enough. The book is going on with ad infinitum about little Jane. Mrs Clarke should not be tall and the film representatives reduce her appearance to promise that Jane had no beauty of beauty. He can help much if Dalton is long. Others say no chemistry among the heads. What? !! The area that Jane eventually comes out of her room after the wedding fiasco is certainly blowing with passion and desire and sadness - and that's the first example that comes to mind. I agree with some of the other opposition. I also missed more scenes by Helen Burns and the brothers of the Rivers. Some conversations were normal. When Rochester says, "Jane, you are hurting me, I don't hate her because she is mad," I waited to exchange when Rochester explains how Jane would like, she continues to love and care for her. It is a powerful time in the book, and I wish it would be included. I think it was wrong to bring the area to Rochester in the story section where Jane is alone. It can be done correctly, but I've got a jarring. I wanted a festive celebration where Jane shows that Rochester's enthusiasm will be reduced and she will be no longer, but she can "love" again and for. Dalton's performance is so good that the unusual disorder is raging - when Rochester cries in the library, I saw him as an actor doing the scene, not like Rochester. As for a set, if anyone has ever received part of the 1960s exhibition "Dark Shadows," someone knows what to expect - very interesting and sometimes ignore the interior. Some have said well and efficiently on the job of working Rochester games at the end. Yikes! It's bad. The conclusion is very serious. After all the pain and insistence, I wanted to be completed more rounded. And, for my copy of the DVD, be credited at the beginning and end of all fifteen pieces of 25-30 minutes you find that very little. He said, I am very happy to have this film and I will look at it again and again.
