There is a lot of revision of Charlotte Brontë's "Jane Eyre", and considering a lot of references on them there is also a good discussion who is better. A short version of the entire film is faced with the fact that it is impossible to complete a whole novel plot of movies about 100 minutes. The length, so these films show only a small part of the novel. The television series has proven to be the most suitable form to provide all the life experiences of the heroine. There are three series of TV, presented in '73, '83 and 2006. The 2006 edition is not only the worst of these three, but worse than all Jane Eyre deal with an amazing example of the film completely overrated. The good lines of novels are replaced by those who are ignorant and few, and important events are removed or replaced by events that have nothing to do with a novel. What leads to time is that the characters shown are nothing more than Rochester and Jane of the novel and live differently than described in the book, but also their behavior and language are not very well-suited to the character of the period in which the novel is installed. It is an opera soap, where actors look and act as they are put in 1850ies in error. This "Jane Eyre" (as it struggles to call itself) is actually beaten before Charlotte Brontë. The 1973 edition is reliable for the novel because the long discussion between Mr. Rochester and Jane is given to their full length. But what works well in the novel is not suitable for work on the screen. Sometimes the novel language is very complicated and depicted as it appears naturally if spoken on the screen, and frequent interruptions for discussion and Jane's voice adds to the sense of fantasy and staginess. And despite the loyalty to the novel nature of the events are not captured. Another problem is the creation of the main characters. Sorcha Cusack's publisher of Jane as a brave, courageous, worldly philosopher is totally opposed to the literary image, and Michael Jayston, although good performers, have not only physical or charisma that is needed to play Rochester. Although respectable reform only fails to convey the desire and scope of the novel and never gets the audience. <br /> <br /> All '73 version errors have been suspended on the 'TV series' by Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. Although in purist Timothy Dalton's view is very good, long and dependent on Rochester, he has an important role in this role: He has the presence of physical existence, magnetism and air of self-assurance and authority. And despite her unapproachable beauty she seems to be bad and strong enough to play the master of Thornfield's influence. But the effectiveness of his performance is in the way he does all aspects of Rochester behavior. Of all the actors who have played Rochester are the only one to hold them all: the rochester's roughness, close to injustice, its simplicity and destruction, with its exciting side, his compassion, his pain and deep, fierce love. Dalton's care of Charlotte Brontë's language is very similar. Even Rochester's far-reaching and complex ideas are realistic and normal when Dalton saves you. He is a Rochester, a pointless and insignificant, and after looking at him in this role it is impossible to imagine Rochester playing in any other way or with any actor. <br /> <br /> Zelah Clarke provides the best similar performance in a role that is possible even harder to play better than one of Rochester. She specially illustrates Jane of the novel, an outsider, preserved and protected the young woman, but who has a deep sense of love and strong love. She holds the beauty of Jane's character: her gentleness and respect on the one hand, and her fire and suffering for another, her apparent destruction and her improper feelings. He and Dalton have amazing chemistry and their events together are pure fun. In the case of trust in the literary version this version also says words from the novel as it was' the version '73, but with one important difference: The discussion was summarized in this version, but the basic lines that are important for the characteristics of the characters and development The plot is changed. So the author avoided any speech skills, whilst fully retaining the beauty and nature of Charlotte Brontë. And contrary to the original BBC version of each location is completely taken. The novel plan is done more equally than in the '73 series. It is almost an event of a novel event, where the same time and emphasis is given to every part of Jane's life. It is only the transformation of Jane Eyre which has a suitable gypsy area, and the only one that makes it perfect for a novel and more dramatic event when Jane and Rochester meet after the wedding. Timothy Dalton actually plays the area with good skills. She has a close Rochester's pain as she knows Jane's decision to get rid of her, her efforts to refuse to make her keep on staying with her last disappointments if she has left her. It is disturbing the heart, near the destruction, the area, which will remain for the viewer for a long time. <br /> <br /> With the smallest roles, the best script and the best two leading guides are sure and only true "Jane Eyre".
