I felt it was a responsibility to look at the effectiveness of "Timothy Eyre" of Dallas / Zelah Clarke of 1983, because I would just write about BBC BBC's "Jane Eyre" to TheScreamOnline. he was about to see this way I would go home. I was angry at first. Lighting in this version is bad. Everyone / everything is given out of the white klieg light which, in some cases, blows the shadows on the wall behind the characters. <br /> <br /> And the sound is not finished. I felt like I was listening to a play for secondary school. <br /> <br /> And the preparation of pancake is a very heavy way. <br /> <br /> And the sets cannot fully fit the Gothic state of the novel. They are also fussy, also Martha Stewart. I can only see Roron's Bronte sitting on the inside of Martha Stewart. Orson Welles' Rochester lived in the dark-like darkness, very suitable for the Gothic attraction of the novel. Even so ... and all the obstacles ... not only this excellent "Jane Eyre" I Have Seen, it could be a better reform of any novel I ever seen. This is "Jane Eyre," despite its technical errors, brought me the feeling of reading "Jane Eyre" for the first time. <br /> <br /> Critics of this production say it is very close to the book. For me, the person who appreciated the book and did not need to be "word" or under "Christian" or less sexually, the credibility of this version for Bronte novel actually wrote it his most beautiful asset /> <br /> Bronte wrote a good book. There is a reason it has taken 150 years with, while, slicker, sexier and simple texts, doomed. As long "Jane Eyre" fan, I had a hatred against Timothy Dalton as Rochester. Rochester is, popular, not good; Jane and Rochester are a very popular literary couple. And Timothy Dalton is not something that is not very good. But Dalton offers a mesmerizing function like Rochester. He just beat me. I've never seen anything like her commitment to the role, text, conversation, and love of Rochester to Jane. Dalton brings the Rochester page to shake life on the screen. <br /> <br /> Rochester means to be a little awesome. Dalton scary. Welles get scared down, too, for example, when it screams "Enough!" after Fontaine has a piece of piano. But Dalton scares more than once, here. Surely you cannot tell him if he hurt Jane, or himself, in his despair. The evil of Rochester, his humor, his anger, his possibilities: Dalton sends everything, sometimes seconds away. It's amazing. And here is the most important thing - the Rochester actor shows that he has spent more than ten years of his life with absolute despair, loneliness, living with unhealthy secrets, of destruction of life. Nothing else I've got this quiz that shows that the black hole of despair like Timothy Dalton does. Now a favorite fan Toby Stephens does not try even. Dalton strikes out of the park. If I saw Timothy Dalton doing Rochester in a special bar, I would say, "That person is in trouble, and don't look at him." He is radiant and depressed. Zelah Clarke is not only, in general, Jane's best I saw, she is one of the few Janes whose producers agreed to beat as a book that prompts Jane. No, people who know "Jane Eyre" only from the 2006 edition, Bronte did not * not describe Jane, who is very strong with the finest arched fingers and pouty lips. Instead, Charlotte Bronte's Jane is a real, poor, open, clear, and little, and not pretty. Zelah has a little mouth, close eyes, and a little nose. She is really "little." He is not a model of fashion. And he is the best Jane, the book is much greater than the book. Others told him that it was cold or angry. No, he is true to the book. Bronte's Jane is not a red mother mother, she is a preserved young man, who lost her internal desires only happens during the moment, as Zelah does here. Jane's book is the person you are looking at slowly, carefully, patiently, quickly, if you want to deep. You should watch Zelah, here, to find out who he is. I would like to see more fire in Zelah in one important place, but that's one area outside five hours that he is, otherwise, very good. Even though you are close to the text, this version, like any other version I have seen, I do not fully explain the Christian theme of "Jane" Eyre. "Christianity is not a natural phenomenon in" Jane Eyre, "between. Helen Burns tells Jane in Christianity, thus giving the striker, opposing the culture of reading, and living, seems to be a punishment, a life. A Christian, who persuades the poor, clear, quite plain Jane of his value, his need to live according to his values, and to reject the important proposal of marriage. Bronte wrote a good novel, hard, rich, and changing style, of all that I saw, mines and respect for the best novels of any solution I saw, and that says a lot. , it becomes a work of watching in many places. If you don't care about what Charlotte Bronte says about child abuse, or cultural hypocrisy built on view and money, your big book system will be something that people tighten up to achieve kissing events between Jane and Rochester. This version, like Bronte's novel, recognizes that everything Bronte wrote - about Jane's experience in Lowood, and its relationship with St.. John - is part of what makes Jane's relationship with Rochester like an explosive and unpredictable.
