Making this brilliant song feels very little. Saying continues good work of the season season is also reduced, because she has never been a very distant part from Sopranos so far. In fact, the title can be a smug invitation to those who are not true fans yet: Join the club ... \ t he killed them in the first season), the story begins with Tony to be completely fine. With no reference to what happened to him, he attends a certain type of contract. He is not talking to his normal emphasis, and there seems to be something wrong with his paper: it seems, he is not Tony Soprano but Kevin Finnerty, or at least a group of people they think, and until the mess has been canceled cannot leave his hotel. Normally, in traditional traditional Sopranos, it becomes not just a dream: Tony is actually in coma, and doctors do not know about his fate, his family and friends worried patients and Junior refuse to believe the whole thing happened. Unfortunately, made, by Anthony Jr. he seems ready to repeat the attempt of his father's life. Dreams have increased regularly in the series, often as some sort of spiritual experiment with the characters (especially in the fifth period to show the problem of the test). Join the Club, however, takes the metaphysical characteristics of the program, which has already been shown by the use of the original poem of William S. Burroughs, and pushes the envelope through a more cautious approach: Tony talking about his dead friends (event The first type was caused by food poisoning, the last four seasons) is one thing, he actually has in what seems to be Purgatory is very different. The "heaven" part of the story is facing the importance of the illustration, not the name of Tony given (as one attribute describes, writing in some way will give you the word "infinity"), and none of it goes as overblown or off-fetched: David Chase created a piece of the work that is very intelligent to use weird use for themselves; all helps the story. Talking about "help from above" in the case of Tony Soprano may have made it tad, though.
