Well, I didn't find anything of Purgatory for the first time I looked at this section. It seemed like an important thing that I did not put my finger on. This time the Costa Mesa fire on television took my thoughts - and helped me just wrote the essay of the Inferno! But I would like to see what has not been discussed yet ... <br /> <br /> The TWOP review explained that Tony had 7 drop-downs because of a broken elevator. Well, 7 is a great number for many reasons, especially religious, but here's one more of. In the hunter I sought wikipedia, and guess what Dante is divided into 7 levels? Purgatorio. Remove Ante-Purgatory and Paradise. (Things that are below the level and ... what Tony can't reach.) <br /> <br /> On the scene of "chaos" of the illusion of effects. As soon as the delegates appeared, it matched exactly with Tony trying to leave Purgatory. You can say he was concerned when Christian business (death, disease, and sin) came, and it gets more and more desperate because the Christian heaven looks kinda iffy for it. When he met the monks thinks "hey maybe they can't help me?" which looks like meditating on other religions (e.g. Buddha) and wondering if other ways can take him "salvation". It's not that Tony should think of a Buddhist, but it seems Finnerty tried that (and canceled). That blows face to face basically tell Tony no quick fix - if, no, you can't suddenly accept Buddhism and from here. <br /> <br /> Tony was not too worried about going to heaven. But in the "door of the meeting", he knows that it will not be easy for him. At first I saw the name against the driver's license problem as Tony led a double life, what to the killers and sleeping around and that hid the secrets from many people. He feels free to have something with quasi-Melfi because "he is Kevin Finnerty". He shows that he can deceive some people and KF cards, as guests of the hotel reception, but they will not give Purgatory. Are the helicopters - the helicopters of Heaven? - they follow him and everything he does. When reading all the theories in "InFinnerty", though, it seems like KF's identity is reminiscent of endless ways Tony could be taken in his life. It is possible with a car joke that involves Infiniti that doesn't matter to me otherwise. Aaaand at that time my brain locks out.
