The story of Hare Rama Hare Krishna really came to the attention of Dev Anand when he saw hippies and their moral collapse of Kathmandu where he was on a tour after the protest against his previous Prem Pujari in Calcutta. He had a little spirit because his film had banned and others had burned Prem Pujari posters. But the life of the hippies has been a story in Dev's mind to be made a film. This was Dev Anand perhaps the best leadership effort. The movie was a super blockbuster hit in the box office with Zeenat Aman as the sister of the Dev made a big impact. <br /> <br /> This film was a call for Dev Anand for the nation to set their values. It is about the Indian family of Montereal and the role of the brother is very dear to his sister. But parents are faced with the withdrawal of Prashant (Dev) and mother and Jasbir (Zeenat) and father. He is often told that his mother and brother are dead and he believes he cannot see him again Prashant. He / she is treated by his mother of action and she runs away from home. Dev grows to be a pilot and learns that Jasbir is Kathmandu and some hippies. To reunite with her sister, Dev goes to Kathmandu and meets Shanti (Mumtaz) who was later married and also Janice who is actually Jasbir with a new name and new identity. He has forgotten his youth and Dev too. <br /> <br /> Dev should return her sister among all other events which include being convicted for Kathmandu thief and people are after her life. It was a well-documented and well-made story with Dev Anand. We see more of Zeenat Aman than Mumtaz. But Rahul Dev Burman's music was created well. Dev was first to give music to Sachin Dev Burman but Burman Da did not want Dev to make a film. He was very close to Dev and his original film Prem Pujari, although it was good, but it was the opposite of Calcutta. Burman Da wanted Dev to try a light effort as he thought the hippie film of worship could dominate the people against Dev. But Dev continued with the film Burman Da and the film was really successful. R Burman had Asha Bhosle singing Dum Maro Dum winning awards. Kanchi re Kanchi was another good number. It is generally a good film.
