In an attempt to combine the game with comedy, Manuel Gomez Pereira made this film, 'Things that make life worth. "It's not the first discovery, with many voices you have (quite off the pitch, by the way), but it comes from some size in Spanish films. Breathing is that the filing elements do not merge properly, and while some points are not well developed , some are not available. On one day in the life of two people close to middle age. This is what Gómez Pereira. Jorge (Eduard Fernandez) is a stationary (parado) which, in spite of the back of your back and great actors, seems to be ready to see things This only describes his promise to the younger may mean the change of his existence. According to Audrey Tautou's 'Long dating' (Jean-Pierre Jeunet, 2004), Jorge says things like this for himself: "if I get a coin before The corner which will now change my luck. "In fact you get it, it begins to play" Today it might be a good day "(Hoy can be gran dia) and Joan Manuel Serrat and in a few crosses on his way to Hortensia (Ana Belen). little. Take a valeriana for sleep, organize birthday parties as a good mother, said her faith in God and leads to the mother of homicidal moments. Hortensia is a woman of many controversy in her character, life was going into her head of car as "70% of people love only once in life" and said though it's short with Jorge and they do not work and they are not likely to be "sad" to sleep in his shoulder at the movie at the beginning of the time. The elegant wedding ceremony, behind the car and other things that the players seem to have a special experience such as but end up making a lot of weight for the viewer 'Things that make life worth' debate Our assertion is a game of two adult people who have no other guides to see where their wonderful relationship with, on the contrary, makes us take the case as a comedy, considering things like singing Chinese in a wedding (which seems to be amusing itself) or a gait of a drunk man. . The problem is that it does not leave us when we connect with the players, so we can't recognize faster, and not give us a basic base of comic, leaving everything except pure jokes. Finally, all are mixed in a way that the viewer doesn't know very well like laughing or wailing, and ending without doing. And it is true that something is not available a thousand times, not a type of film we see to bow every corner, but not different or special if we want to do. Ana Belén (which appears to be less than 53 years with this film) and Eduard Fernandez are two actors who are very happy to see the work, but this time it seems already or easily at events that need to break the stability involved in the film, so when as "accident" and children of the object of the bar appears to be leaving from their hands. Maybe the big changes needed to do, but that's not the reason to reduce our protection. In any case, all interpreters build up the workforce. 'Things that make life worthwhile' work up to a low level of entertainment. Any mistake that is more than that action has not been fulfilled, as a romantic or strange comedy like that, we presume, wanted to do, can not find a short time to finish a successful (more bad) as one of the characters talking and laughing, lost alcohol, compared and a young man who sits in coma because of him. Nor is it so much for people like Rosario Pardo, making a familiar friend who launches the most important part of the film is the words "must be beaten," and songs from sound sounds, though important, are not the same. It is true that the film by Manuel Gomez Pereira has its hits (some of the time involved Jose Sacristan), but it is all the story of anodyne, a well-intentioned film with good results when better.
