Is the Marquis de Sade related to ancient Egyptian things and worship of human worship? Tobe Hooper tries to answer that question in one amazing film. Genie is a little cutie who visits her archeology father in Alexandria, Egypt. Genie is taken by a wonderful businessman (and a worried girl) who gives dad father. Daddy gets back to the site, where he reveals the grave and what appears to be elegant on it. Genie meets with the Marquis de Sade generation, and falls to Egypt's hunter (providing more hot images). Finally, Genie knows that he will be a sacrifice and a long and bloody peak. Blocked this story is a picture of Marquis de Sade jail, speaking to a picture of what looks like Genie. Robert Englund is as bright as Marquis and his descendants. His ability to act has always been faced with his requirements to do, so it is allowed to shine here. Its best performance is still in the "Killer language," if you haven't seen it yet. <br /> <br /> Others cast, including Genie's youth, are beautiful and moderate. Script, however, is a problem. You will be quick to learn that Marquis's events were not needed at all, but perhaps the creators of the movie got cool access. The worship system that ultimately saves Genie does not make any sense. Who is the attack is not described, and its link to Christianity (which is being played in all films) is nothing. The film is a very resistant Christian, as an archaeologist is the father of the Bible, but he likes to be bound by a local prostitute. There are many cases of destruction and violence, but Hooper probably had little idea about what the investigators tried to say. I know I don't know. Why do I recommend this film? It's amazing. There is an area to expand sex. For women, Egyptian hunters riding a nude horse altogether. Englund is amazing. What? Do you like snakes? This film is full of them. This is like Roger Corman and a great budget. Knowing Hooper somehow comes with "Crocodile" after this is rather sad. "The evil of the night" is not perfect, but of course you have the value of looking, incredible. This has been tested (R) for physical abuse, sexual abuse, gore, abuse, female pollution, male ignorance, sexual content, gender reference, and drug abuse. <br /> <br />
