HERE in an attempt to get another "Real estate" for the situation, Brothers Fleischer thought for their successes in the success of the Comic Strip newspaper and their production of POPEYE THE SAILOR (Fleischer Studios / Paramount) of 1933. Though it was part of the BETTY BOOP Series, Miss B. just made a brief short term; and stop others as part of the experiment of the emergence of a perfect series of stripes. <br /> <br /> AS is now a common skill, gruff, squinty eyed, brawlin 'seaman became perhaps a successive cartoon series ever; walk and transfer the actual Fleischers to their studio, lasting until this day. The King's article for another attempt of fortune is undoubtedly a reason to try out the most popular character of HENRY Comic Strip in BETTY Exit out; The goal is to find another series. Because then it certainly seems to be good. HENRY was the most popular feature in the line of Hearst 'up-up; seen as both of Daily and Sunday's Comics Comedy Supplement, PUCK, WEEK WEEK. You know, "What makes these dead?" Remember that one, Schultz? Watching the chubby, little, gray boy Comic Strip 'Hero' with her on screen antics, two solo and aside with Miss Betty; we were delighted to see how this behavior was done well. Stories and Director Dave Fleischer all had many opportunities for comic combinations and hair-watches that seemed to be more appropriate for Henri's behavior. These many silent vignettes were very important for an animation film to remain loyal to the printed page; as the HENRY element was made more in the '4' color type. In the cartoon, titled BETTY BOOP AND HENRY: THE USE OF THE US (Fleischer Studios / Paramount Pictures Corporation, 1935), we see what it is; basically that one exercise of the situation; with an early flame of Dave Fleischer, a gun machine as a machine. In short, Henry plays a puppy in the Pet Shop Pet Shop. It is the kind of love in the first place as Henry tries to buy a little pup puppy and the only money he has, for the coin in his pocket. He is created by Miss Boop which will be $ 2.00 in the era of depression when buying. The eyes look like a little boy who gets depressed. But the solution is about as soon as Betty asks the boy to remember the shop, leaving the business quickly. By returning to his services, Miss Betty has promised a small dog to return. Of course, they have deals with betty. The work of cleaning the ponds and feeding of cattle provides opportunities for Fleischer Crew to erase the whole new line of weeds; this time featuring the birds, the pate of Henry and the blow. (But not all once, of course, Schultz!) Henry's enthusiasm for feeding the bulk of the number of aircraft for the first time with the seed of his head soon leads to a massive rejection of birds; out of the shop up to the open road in the prison of many people. BETTY is going back this and shows his passion and anger for Henry's last permanent service. All bets were drunk, no doggie to Henry. He starts to leave; frustration; but it soon influences the owner to give him another shot while fixing things. His head covered with bird seeds, he can destroy all the hair that has hair; take them to their pet store. Amazingly, small leaves; but this time she has her boyfriend, a little, the face of licking. This was a mixture of winning. We are concerned, the energy filled, the loose wheels of the young, the good of Betty and the feeling of the state and the result of the 'boy and his dog' state. Max and Dave Fleischer threw a kind of close sub-hub to the top of the comedy. We were very surprised that no series of HENRY was followed. Based on behavioral treatment of behavior, it would certainly have been used for some time. At any rate, this participation was in many ways the best of Betty Boop to try a picture. Although the first, POPEYE THE SAILOR (Fleischer / Paramount, 1933), was more successful (and did not have any Betty Boop in it, except for cameo as hula dancer tradition); HENRY Short was better than the following Two Features of "tryouts", BETTY BOOP AND LITTLE KING AND BETTY BOOP AND LITTLE JIMMY, ALL 1936. POODLE SCHNITZ!
