There have been many popular films placed in Africa after colonialism, and those that have mixed. This, along with its enough to unlock the slavery in the 1970s, shows the best and worst values ​​of Africa, which turn out to be very different from human values ​​in general. It also has limitations, due to the negative influence of the original Western ideas and, in particular, the Arabs. Dr Anansa Linderby, a good African wife and American doctor of English physician David Linderby, has been taken by Arabs slave suppliers, with a young girl of Sanufu and a young boy. The slave of the leading slave, Suleiman, is every Araba of action, and its writing of flowers and sometimes humorous, and the identical sign - which cannot be out of "Continue to Follow the Camel" but not on this film quality deserves. Peter Ustinov certainly had more knowledge to handle some of the failures of the script, and he saved what otherwise was the odds of one direction. Try the amazing headline, all three Suleiman Arab workers do not have one mind and one has bad boyfriends, which thanks for not available on the screen. One of David's first ports is the local police station, a brave and unsuspecting African free bureaucrat. David then meets the ex-two white white, English (Walker, played by Rex Harrison) and America (Sandell, played by William Holden). Sandell is a mercenary and "common" view about mixed relationships, who initially refuses to help unless David will give a charge before. To lose David's love for Anansa, and knowing that he could not find love, he agrees to take David to his helicopter to help her find Anansa. They see Suleiman and his captives crossing the border and cannot bring them into the neighboring district - because of Sandell's reluctance and lack of David's knowledge of weapons, his helicopter is thrown out but David continues to live. So we see David started with Malik (Kabir Bedi), a South African who lost his family Suleiman and is now dominated by revenge. They find a girl of Sanufu and a group of Tuareg and they know it is the right way to find Solomon. In one of the most heartwarming events they kill a trade union of slaves only to find it was not a group of Suleiman, and they have no choice but to send their captives to the Talegi who had met earlier. Later we see that a little boy who wanted to be raped is a witch of witchcraft and, in a better and unusual place, uses his skills to kill one of the people of Solomon. Anansa on his side - and despite the boy's concerns - can strengthen the destruction of two other Suleiman workers. This time Solomon and his slaves are in the days of the slave market. <Br> Suleiman, now of course that Anansa is "pressed", trying to sell to the Arab ruler who was wealthy (Omar Sharif) who is corrupt but has a mind. By discovering that Anansa is a American who works for U.N., the chief rather than the decision continues to negotiate without considering the results. The area where two men turn into one of the best films. <br /> <br /> In the slave market, the young man is sold to a German middle-aged pedophile, and we are left to think if a young man is still considered to be "wunderbar" when his owner is at the end of receiving his magic skills. David and Malik finally face Suleiman and there is an end of bitterness from Malik's perspective. Finally, David and Anansa are reunited, with Malik, whose life has been destroyed, he can defend himself because he has seen the work he has completed. The overall plot of the film is good but it loses a mark for its enough image of all the leading characters. Credit must go to all leading administrators to handle many scripting limitations.
