I would like to read about FLAVIA HERETIC for many years, but I had to see only at the beginning of last year, when I went to the binge-purchase binge, and for any reason, it has been in my mind recently, though it has been several months since I watched it. It is an awesome film, set up in Italy somewhere around the 15th century. Definitely the mid-era (although I don't think any special year has been given). That's the time of Christian planting, the age is quite mad, and the movie takes this very well. Flavia, our main character, is a young woman who meets a fallen Muslim on the battlefield. He looks warm and exciting, and is taken immediately with him. His father, a soldier of a standing family, comes, almost immediately, and murders the wounded man right in front of his eyes. But he will continue to see him in his dream. His father has taken him to a village that is seen as an open-air protection, so he was strongly emphasized by the improper middle Christian, gradually becoming mad. Flavia comes under the influence of one of the energy girls. But in the world of madness, just gently is very mad, and this social sister understands the illusion around him. He takes the times that they live in the fight against Flavia, who, as a young man who seems to be saved, begins to question everything about this world where he finds himself bound. <br /> <br /> The movie is unflinching to show it to the world, showing a lot of exciting. We see a beaten horse, a master stays a woman of his country in a pig pig, a terrible torture of a little girl. By all means, Flavia sees with questions, refusal, eventually, the Christian doctrine that builds such evil with words that would get a criticism film over the years to appear anronistic. I disagree with the opposition. Flavia's views, though sometimes described in ways that are not in the mirror, for example, the modern definition of a female (movie was done in 1974), revolves around questions that are very real. It is, perhaps, hard to believe that it can be a lot of fish out of its own time, but that is a kind of small step that does not make it. Flavia has been written in such a way to allow those of our age, or at any time, to have their feelings and troubles. Entering such a thing will not be a forest for trees. Flavia faces the heart of Muslims when they arrive, entering the country, and finds a new leader of the new Islamic version who still returns to his dreams. He was beaten and almost immediately, allowing him to lead his army, to become Joan of Arc in the full battle of war, and to lead the attackers to lose the Christian community, and to retaliate against all who appear to be doing wrong. <Br /> <br /> Is he an advertiser for a new and better world? He may think so, but the Muslims of that time were not so great about female females, either, as he learns hard. As they say, get a new boss ... This is just a picture of some of the things happening in FLAVIA HERETIC. The movie is quite bad, and with a very downward drop, rather than suppress end. Not a movie of the mass audience however, be sure. It is quite good, however, and not a bunch of "nunsploitation" which is often thrown carefully. I think there's a great value in the last film, and I'm glad I saw it.
