He expects to see another movie of pollution and the use of Mama Superior misusing and accusing her, Flavia turned to be better than I expected. It really has a female history, although I don't think the same time was there when the movie was installed. Certainly not. Women (and Jews and the poor) have been severely broken and confined to bad places in society. In the story, Sister Flavia (Florinda Bolkan) witnessed the abuse of her time until she can not just sit there again and actually does something about it, with the bad consequences. <br /> <br /> The original Loan Loan has Flavia as a little boy next to the battlefield. He sees an injured Muslim soldier (one of the few still alive) and tries to help him. Before it can, his hateful father gives soldiers and waves his head in his face (family strength, huh?). After that, his father asks him to join a church meeting where he testifies more. Although events include violence, rape and girls, I would like to focus more on the historic festival than Nunsploitation. Certainly, most of the trashy parts of the trashy piece are there, but acting, camera function, storyline and music are too good to put it down at that level. Most "nun" movies that I have seen often have a basic basis: A beautiful girl somehow sends to a tribal meeting, where Mama Superior is a great player who likes to beat people and / or make their life a living hell. Flavia spends most of the first part of her film without questioning all the damage that takes place around her. Most of his passivity is forgotten when he learns with power-spirited (but little loony- he likes pee out as I do, but it's very easy for guys) Sister Agatha. When the Muslim group attacks their abbey, Flavia and Agatha are not as strong as other fears. Their attackers are working as their patrons (abusive and abbey's abduction of abbey). In fact, he is a Christian, not an Islamic invader, which influences dear Sister Agatha. Agatha's death that sends Flavia into his violent war against those who have wronged him ... His father treats him as dirty. His Islamic lover destroys him at a very wrong time. I don't want to give more than a story, but be prepared to be shocked, destroyed and sad in the conclusion. This is a good film, so do not miss out on its unsuitable characteristics as the epic of garbage. More, how on earth could have a movie with Florinda Bolkan and Claudio Cassinelli to go against it? I don't know the other work of María Casares, but Sister Agatha is a habit of behavior. I have read many positive reviews of the Synapse (United States) release, but I like my German X- tested Kult copy of DVD. It is not an amorphic / 16: 9, but it actually has a little bit more information on pictures on all borders than the Synapse release. And there are also many, wise or conversation lines (many from the Sister Agatha) / Why <br /> “Why is God a man? Father, Son, and Holy Spirit? -Flavia <br /> <br /> "These men are afraid - look at them, Sister- Fear their power will be taken away from them!" -Sr. Agatha (about Christians fleeing after Muslims to come) \ t "Mother, where are you going? Muslims cannot do anything to you because Christians have not done! Ha Ha!" -Sr. Agatha (for a group of Christian women fleeing) The Lord blesses these Muslims - by putting fear in these wise Christians. -Flavia <br /> <br /> "Does it just take a look at the Muslims to make you $ h! T under your disaster?" -Sr. Agatha <br /> <br /> The message of closure: "Flavia Gaetani, who is still a Muslim - no longer a Christian - was punished as a nun for refuge. today is recorded as MARTYRDOM 800 AT OTRANTO "
