"Flavia, this is my life". "Flavia Rebellion" of 1974 is a true component of the disturbing and incomprehensible film of Italy's Invasion which, to some extent, follows a certain female cluster (although the brutality and violence rate may hate most women). To put in particular at the museum meeting, and to nun as the main character (good performance with Florinda Bolkan wonderful), "Flavia's Rebellion" can be called the 'Nunsploitation' film. However, this film differs greatly from the time of Nunsploitation from the time, as it does not take into account the aspects of HIV / AIDS, such as lesbianism, lesbians' worries, etc. On the other hand, I saw more similarity and use of time use, such as "the devil's devil", (though this does not obey the topic of witch hunting), which takes into account the brutality of the Christian primary age and modern modernization. Italy / 1600: Italy around 1600: After witnessing his fraudulent father to hit the wounded Muslim head, young Flavia are forced to be a widow at the meeting. When his father blames another pastor for a bad death for a few years later, the resistance of Falvia and male violence against women turns to hate against the fraudulent church, and he joins the Arab ethics band ... <br /> <br> One is certainly, "Flavia Messiah" is not desperate, nor is it for those who want the end of happiness. Director Gianfranco Mingozzi definitely tried to make his film realistic and disturbing as possible, especially in his worst events. Many torture-and-incidence events are very disturbing, with skin skins, spikings and other unpleasant events in a clear detail, the most surprising scene perhaps a little girl suffering at the beginning of the film. Violence here has no need, however. After all, these worst techniques were true when the film was installed. The film has been made well, with realistic dress, beautiful landscapes of elegant movies and beautiful scores of Nicola Piovani. The best and beautiful Florinda Bolkan has proved his talent in the best of Italian worship (including Giallo's work of Lucio Fulci "Non Si Sevizia Un Paperino" of 1972). He gives another great performance, the scandal here, and I can't think of another player as well as he does. The movie has a small variation (E. why a strong church allows the supporters of a strange worship to be in the first convents). However, it is generally amazing how true this film is true. "Flavia Defender" should definitely be missing from my fellow fans of Cinema Delivery of Italy. This is a great Flick of injury, although it is definitely one of the most depression and therefore should be looked at in a good condition. It is highly recommended for fans of misleading theater. 7.5 / 10
