Flavia Crocodile is an invincible task of art and probably my number of proposals to say that the euro-exploitation cinema is strictly underrated and not ignored. Is this an intelligent and complicated film, well known? surprise? pretty damn right! This is more than just meaningless or unnecessary hostility and it is about the time that the prudish film committees that make Flavia like preventable litter take this too. Flavia is a beautiful 14th-century boy, forced to live a nun life of obedience at the general assembly of the churches. She refuses to accept him as a minor because she is a woman and condemns her sister's sister for being very patient on this. After an unsuccessful attempt, he becomes a friend of other nun and even leads a Muslim group of blood into the walls of the meeting. <br /> <br /> Flavia is a fighting film! Almost impossible to believe that the director Gianfranco Mingozzi could make it seem true and so disturbing. I encourage you to come up with a head that puts on the top of the feminist topic more than Flavia does. Several procedures are quite surprising (almost nighttime, in fact) if the camera is faced with brutal abuse, torture and filtered. However all these raw orders are not only used to satisfy misleading gorehounds, mind you. I strongly believe that they are part of the 'Flavia' declaration trying to communicate: Humanity (the Catholic Church in particular) has historically identified itself as a race of hypocrisy and discrimination and no further refusal. The film as "Flavia, the Defender" has the courage to question and convince our fathers of value and I really love them. Flavia is an excellent and basic film of exploitation because of its substances, but even brings high levels and wonderful movies, elegant & elegant dresses and a beautiful color of music by Nicola Piovani. Florinda Bolkin is very persuasive as a proud and heady girl but it's María Casares who stole the show as Sister Agatha. He is a hateful and loud shepherd who wants to enter the open field! Amina, sister!
