I felt that this film was a lot about human sexuality as anything else, whether intentionally or not. We are shown how misunderstanding and ignorance are for women to be excluded from the national key, while forgetting the pasts of our "top" states. I am writing from Japan, where women only received the right to vote 60 years ago, and the female technical engineers are the most recent thing. Some of the British were once all men, the business world had no limits for women in America until recently, and women in China had closed their feet so they could develop strong feet to avoid their husbands. Iran comes easily this step in our time, and we see how well we sleep at one time or another. Coming back to sex, we are asked to wonder what could be in women who make them unworthy of a football game (the official reason is that men are bad). Especially girls like boys, very couple so that even get the impression that lesbianism is in the agenda too. I think one thing is that not all women are the same, and women police are trying to "protect" not who will try to enter the first place. The opening events of the field approach allow you to appreciate the power of young women trying to enter - and each by itself - even. It is a world of brutal man. Any woman struggling to try to be allowed to be allowed! The sex world is not the size of all-size. At the same time, prisoners of criminals in the pen pens are waiting for their transfer to who-know-where, and in a more mysterious way, start having securities with observers guard. These had good ideas about women and women, which were facing the head. Changes in view are glacial, but it seems. <br /> <br /> Since the movie is Iran clean from the first time, it takes a little to get rid of it in the stranger, but the characters have a special way to love themselves for you, and you end up getting the whole picture, and even understanding the misunderstanding for men and give them a slack. People who are thought to be an invisible rule of Ayatollahs, which is still invisible and unknown, and may not be disturbed. Knowing that this film took place during an Iranian-Bahrain event gives me a sense of fear for all involved.
