One word: suPURRRRb! I don't think I've seen something like this for a long time on a television or cable. Watching this show was like taking a breath of fresh air in the middle of a TV schedule filled with real performances and running again. I say I had my discontent. After all, the critics would be close to unity in a cry with a decrease in the show. But when half an hour was (by the way, thanked NBC, for running a non-commercial show), I was left with the feeling of instant love, love at first glance, a true love that one feels in his guts. Everything on this show sounded EXCELLENCE. <br /> <br /> Graphics in this show were at least as good as Finding Nemo and Shrek. There is nothing to explore these movies took years to be developed. <br /> <br /> Sent was amazing. I am part of John Goodman's voice, but in fact all the teams were John. Specific reference: the appearance of the visitor of Lisa Kudrow. He was on the game to create a panda of nervous, pudgy, and loved by the Jewish streak in it. (Panda from Brooklyn? Only in this show.) Script was funny, and a lot of joke and inside people who were sharp, but not tacky. Information for all parents: this is not for children. This period was never advertised as, and there is a reason for setting for 9PM, not 8PM. So if you would like to complain about “inappropriate circumstances”, forget your breath. Adults deserve comedy made only for them, and Father of Pride is. Not everything was perfect. I was very surprised by the characters of Siegfried and Roy. Do I feel "discrimination" when you come to them? Yes, they are gay. Yes, they are flamboyant. Yes, they say in German words. But that's the story of yesterday. Give us something new, something new, something amazing. Putting old jokes in a new show is definitely a bad way. I understand that the designers of this show wanted to use the "power of the stars" which these people have. That's good with me. But please do not hesitate on something that everyone knows for the heart. We hope, another time the show will not play the old record again and again. <br /> <br /> Overall, the show is definitely Must-Watch TV. Funny, witches, with a few unexpected problem here and there - did not have this good comedy since Seinfeld. I certainly look forward to the next section.
