In Iran, women are not allowed to attend men's sports events, it seems to be "to protect" them from all abusive and inappropriate languages ​​that can hear from male fans (since men cannot prevent or self-indulge themselves, women are forced to suffer. Go to statistics. ). "Obstacle" describes the story of the twenties or young women who are dressed as men, trying to run on top among Iran and Bahrain that, in 2005, Iran graduated Iran to the World Cup (the film was actually closed for the most part) during the game. ”/> <br />" Obstacle "is a piece-of-life comedy that will remind you of all these humanitarian films (" Shop on Main Street, "" Likes Blonde, "" Close trains near "etc. ) which came out of the Communist Czechoslovakia as part of the "Prague Projects" in the mid 1960s. As with most work, "Obstacle" is more concerned with the observation of life than by planning any kind of false information. The easiest setup and the style of the style that makes the movie become effective. it is. Where they are, all they can do is to pray with security guards to let them go in, the guards who are disturbing silence, good young people who are forced to do their work as part of their mandatory military service. Even most of the men entering the field are not particularly concerned with the ideas of these women allowed. However, the ban continues. However, how can a person be surprised by the true courage and spunk shown by these women when they go against the ongoing system to implement a significant regulation and session? And, however, the purpose of these women is not to join the cause or make "action." They are fans who are interested in stimulating to watch a soccer game and, like all men in the country, are happy with their team. It is difficult to tell how much of the conversation was written and how much of it is not recommended, but, in any case, executives, with their amazing faces, do very good to do every time it seems to be real and influential. Mohammad Kheir-abadi and Shayesteh Irani are better off to be beaten well. The film system is also very free and free, as the author / director Jafar Panahi and the participant Shadmehr Rastin writer consider for a short time for one or two of the characters, then move well and hard for others. Through this document, we come to feel like we are experiencing a real-time experience "real time." Often, it's very easy for us to forget we are actually watching a movie. It was a very good argument for the part of the film's authors as well as very good-natured humor in the film (what the Czech filmmakers did too), it's good to say that it has not lost the situation and expand the appeal The film for both local and foreign audiences. "Obstacle" is obviously the right cry, but it is one that has been done more efficiently by the refusal of his story to have a great respite. Instead, it recognizes that there is nothing that breaks the social barriers as efficiently and appeals to ordinary human audience. And isn't that true art what should be? For its stability, the way caused, "Kikwazo" is one of the most recognized gems of 2007.
