Specifically, the previous films such as Circle and Crimson Gold have been found to have been the worst, been created in its new, exciting, exciting, and exciting new memory of the liberation and joy of the heart? but the movie deals with such a challenging and useful thing like anything else he has done. In view of a group of powerful football fan fans got the first game of the World Cup in Bahrain-Iran in Tehran, Panahi brings the spirit of national spirit and self-reliance, and contradiction? with great deception? Gender-based gender discrimination in the world of modern competition with many young girls and girls of the cities who are increasingly thinking for themselves. <br /> <br /> When the movie opens us to join one spirit of girls in the bus, and the father expels the lost daughter. This is hidden and has a national color like warpaint, but we put it all around the knowledge of what will happen: it is still easily seen. The thing is, most people almost don't care. Still, the law is the law, and once they try to make it through various checkpoints on the way to entry into a huge field where girls should be soccer, or some of them, however, are found and hold on a small apartment on the field and some soldiers -the boys, the green, and the rustic who do not know how to deal with these self-centered ideas of the city's girls and instead of looking at the game? who we hear we always hear back? themselves. Every girl is different? it represents different reasons for wanting to break the rules and different ways of doing so. One was wearing a soldier's uniform and went into the office of officers. One is tough and masculine and shocking (he can adopt a good boy, and explains that: "Are you a girl or boy?" "You want me to be?"). A person doesn't care too much about football but he went to honor his dead friend. One (Aida Sadeghi) is a very powerful soccer player? And so on. The Tehrani girls are stubborn and prudent and are walking on the rural Lieteneti they have gone to (Safar Samandar). One of the rural fighters (Mohamad Kheirabadi) takes a young soccer player in a male room (of course no women), forcing him to wear an Italian star poster as a mask. Comedy's error and chaos follows where the girl is saved. <br /> <br /> Later spy spiffy come with an officer who leads a soldier to take girls to the Vice Department? violating the rules of sexual harassment graduates as a vice. The husband gets mixed with them? The child who is guilty of the hot cases of fraud in the games. Van turns to not spiffy: the radio atmosphere is broken. But one fighter puts it in place so that they can listen to a voice that stops burning. All prisoners and prisoners have joined the usual excitement now. No mark, the game goes to the penalty of the penalty, and the winner will go to Germany. In the past through all this is a real game, a real field, and a real citizen of a mad youth on the outcome of this event. The excitement is so great, and the road is full of cars and flags and a group of supporters of supporters pray to win for Iran and join in their excitement. <br /> <br /> What makes this film so beautiful, as it can be clear now, is that it is shot during the evening of the real game and the actual end that returns everything around. This, in contrast to the original trajectories of the original Panahi text, is a true film film that is made with the sound and created history of real events and stimulates you in its excitement in ways that are very interesting. The Obstacle of the Obstacle is the cutting between the modern soccer world of the world and the social restraint of retro-Islamic oppression of women? The end of the time of Iranian women who begin to be part of the global world in which women participate in sports and participate in the spirit of the national team. What? How do you completely reconcile the desire of the world to become a modern world power and a social perspective? The most offisde is very strange, including the way everyone tries to talk their way out of everything. The decision of the director to incorporate small actors into real sports mega games leads to an effective combination of documentation, transparency, and fiction which is very strong to have a choice of bone, and its end in an interesting and moving way. I have had reservations about Panahi films before, but this is a duck. Panahi makes a wonderful thing here. He condemns his society, offers a normal game, and touches our hearts in the sense of national interests.
