In Iran women are prohibited from attending live sports events because of the fear of being "destroyed" in bad language, close to thousands of men, and the fact that there are no toilets for women in the old squares. According to a true incident involving the director of the director, the Offers of Jafar Panahi follows six girls, hiding as men, who refuse to enter the 2005 football match between Iran and Bahrain, a match that will determine if Iran is not worthy to go to the World Cup. In the departure of the small, minimalist films we have acquired from Iran for the last decade, Offside is a fun comedy that has a patriotic opportunity and an international appeal but has a comprehensive social commentary confirming his letter from Iran's photography and digital cameras using non-professional actors who are more active, girls are trying to run on Azadi Stadium in Tehran but they are arrested and placed in an outdoor skill center. They are protected by three young military records (Safdar Samandar, Mohammed Kheir-abadi, and Masoud Kheymeh-kaboud) who describe the discomfort of their work but promise to follow the law. Women are football fans, not political activists and they deserve Iran's victory but this does not prevent them from stopping them when they wait for the girls to take them to Vice squad and the future. Leaving instead of acting as victims, they always ask a question about the issues behind the obstacles, making their ignorance completely clear. Although they can hear the noise of the people, women cannot see that point but achieve a small victory when they persuade one soldier to comment on the game. One of the funniest mechanisms takes place when a female “prisoner” is given to the men's room and soldiers. Young employers then have to deal with the immediate tension when they should prevent anyone else using the facilities while the girl is still in. It is a little, similar to Adlai Stevenson, what unites them to become greater than those that are divided by potential opponents of potential behind their country and roots for victory that will send Iran to the World Cup. Although the action is being done early and often with the films in the middle, From far away it tells about a society where political scholars with long-term social ideas should compete with an increasingly active and political group. One can only hope that the world pressure and wake up of its own people will persuade Ayatollahs to come according to the 21st century.
