I saw this film at the Toronto Film Festival. It was destroyed during the 2006 World Cup qualifier, Offside work with skill as a comedy and catastrophe. The film monitors a group of young women who are found trying to get into a football match in Azadi Tehran. Islamic religious leaders have ordered women not to have men in sports events, to have no complaints and other ethical behavior. This was not standing for female female fans, who continue to walk in various techniques. But Panahi focuses on a small group that has been caught up and locked up for that action. They ask exhausted soldiers to keep them away or go at least to enable them to watch the match. The soldiers tell them not to try to enter, that they could watch the game at home on TV. They restrict and return to the real time as the game progresses, just-off camera. There is one very good sequence where a little soldier accompanies one of the girls in the bedroom. Since there are no female resting facilities in the playground, he should clear the men's room before allowing him to enter. Further, he makes him cover his face so no one can see him as a woman. This has been completed by Ali Daei's star star as the mask, and the eye holes are stuck out. You get a real feeling that even soldiers are bothered by ban, and they just do their orders to speed up the end of their military service. A soldier complains that he was supposed to be on his way to take care of his family's cattle in the country. For a little bit, girls and soldiers are talking to each other, and there are few good deeds on both sides to show that these are good people who live in bad conditions. However, the constant reminder of the soldiers to be "great" is on the road makes a sense of danger, because we do not know what kind of punishment the women will receive. Unlike most Iranian films, which are known for their powerful images, From the head is published in the true style and treasure. In fact, the film was held during a qualifying match against Bahrain that took place on June 5, 2005. "The plot" in many ways decided by the results of the pitch. If Iran has won the match, they will be successful. If they lost, they would not like. Since the World Cup has come and go, I don't think it's a spoiler to say that Iran won the match. The festivals at the end of the film were real and special, which provided a realistic film. See how much that meant for the Iranian people were very touching. Also, one of the young women makes a record at the end of the film for seven fans who died during Iran and Japan on March 25, just a few weeks before. They were sentenced to death after the police started spraying the crowd with water to encourage them in some way. To know that this was a real life tragedy added another injury to the ceremony. I don't want to go away for long political time, but this film has given me real hope that there are those in Iran who are expecting a change and doing its job. Iran is a young nation, and it is a matter of time before taking the place of their elders in the political sphere. This film shows the pride of the Iranian people in spite of their present difficulties, and it is my real hope that there is a bright future for them.
