I realized that this is amazing for a line of handed in the 1950s of culture. John Wayne would have been difficult to be the first choice of a person like cultural cohesion, almost as diplomatic and good as a Harrods farmer. But this time he remained playing a part that was worse than his typical bluff persona, and he completed his work in fashion. Duke was a young man who could do well. His face and body language can be very clear. With its great presence as an actor and on screen time, he failed to dominate this film. Much of his good intentions came cropper. He had authority over anyone, and a short story was given by the geisha of the titular who he was a scholar. America's most interesting experimental story and the Japanese isolation was one of the most controversial political conflicts of war or hell wars. I cannot comment on the accuracy of his research but the attention of Eastern culture to the western position was well demonstrated. There was a big celebration of a small-choreographed ceremony about what was seen by the viewer as a real dress and props. The fragments were hard and deep. A lot of money and ideas were used for it. A broken love between Wayne and his geisha added a little extra feature, and stopped the movie to be just a political or flag effort. Script was good without having many words. There was a great Japanese conversation, but the long time of translation did not interfere with the details. It was good to see a lot of real trends on the set. If they were not Japanese, I can say. But still they looked at that part. At least the guidelines were not played by Caucasians whites, unlike other attempts such as 'Alley' blood (yes, I know they were Chinese) 'Inn of Happiness Six' or 'The King And I'. Br /> <br /> In fact, I enjoyed this more than any movies. Script was best to start. I have never loved those songs in 'King and I', and was not impressed by the very subdomen of the communist 'Blood Alley'. I agree that I have never seen this work before and find it very well with most of the most famous Duke. It is recommended.
