This is not so much the type of film that John Wayne is known. He plays a diplomat, someone who gets things through words and influence instead of physical action. The movie goes to the stability of the tranquility through his unstable story. With a clear, ill and thoughtful concern, this film is a rich example of a fascinating feature of history. <br /> <br /> There are two interactive stories. The great story is of internalized, Japan's separation and external exporters, America expanding emerges when their interests are fighting. Little, man, the story is a foreign guest (Wayne) and the original enmity of Geisha and does not like to turn with respect and love. Human history is a parable of the great story of the two nations. The movie is well done and all participants are doing their job well. The two functions of work are done in full. John Wayne is the best as Townsend Harris, combining the perfect mix of strength and dialogue in dealing with the Japanese. Eiko Ando is also as good as Geisha's title, beautiful and beautiful. The relationship between his character and John Wayne is particularly displayed. This is how these two people (as shown in the film) would have done. <br /> <br /> Script is very well written. You don't have all the breath. and is a typical example of how the events shown can happen. The characters are real people, not “fun” statistics from history. In addition, the clash of cultures and interests is shown with great skill and cunning. Indeed, traditional cohesion, with a strong traditional, Japanese man and a growing nation, a new from the sea has been shortened in one exchange between John Wayne and a Japanese baron. Wayne complains that the marine ship lost their head if they are climbing Japan, and the ship can not even set the harbor with water. Baron responds that Japan only needs to be left alone. Wayne's behavior responds that Japan is in the most important way of international transportation, and that if things continue as before the nation will appear to be nothing more than a brigands band that affects the key roads. A concise overview of the ways that the two countries considered it to be the same, and have seen it to be the same. The conflict between the two people with the right and the conflicting interest has its views in history, the ongoing theme that emphasizes both now and in the future. The observation and description of the nineteenth century of Japan, before the rapid growth towards industries that were following later in the century, is better. Exploring visual, and brightness awareness on the Japanese civilization. <br /> <br /> I highly recommend anyone, like a fan of John Wayne or not, watch this film if you get a chance. Just know that it's not a film of action. It is a representation of a fascinating position and time in history, and the story of boiling love which (surprising to him) comes to dominate the personal life of the two main characters. Watch this film about its qualities, without thought, will allow it to be included in its story, and you will enjoy it completely. <br /> <br /> For all, the best film.
