I have to be honest and say I bought this film, not because of the content, but because David Cubitt is in it; I know ... open, or what? - but, come, Mr Cubitt is a good actor to put it gently. I don't know what to expect by watching this film, I would like to read another writing, and those on other websites but I think I was excluded from the world of close relatives from getting. David Cubitt as Theo, and Colm Feore as Ryan are honest as two brothers off, the film goes through their relationship if they start trying to learn again after their father died. The area where Theo got Ryan is a carefully played, go to reality and tries to leave without Ryan to see - which actually has. The movie is well-checked and therefore it's amazing, moving, promoting and celebrating life in part. I came from this feeling of sadness why Ryan went through but also with the knowledge that he was given hope and unconditional love with an old drug elder Theo. I agree with another inspector who finds a place that Theo says he will be a father, and I would like to say a little more that I have really emerged my thoughts when Ryan said to evil Theo 'What makes you think you can be a father' and Theo says just 'You. 'Theo walks away then, but the small exchange talk speaks to the amount of almost personal shape of Ryan who is brought up at a faster and easier retort. It is a very good pregnant pregnancy on all errors, acting, leading, writing etc. is all done well. I can't find anything to say about this film, but to say it is very difficult to deal with the death of a loved one but this has been done with skill, at an infinite level. Respect for the issue and the burning of love (without being destroyed by the whale) speaks loudly in this selfish world that we live in today. You have done well for all worries. Not many movies give me tears and give me a pause to think about life in general, and also have fun for all the things I have and not to be sad for things I am not, but this film did, it was it is raised without considering it.
