Anna (Ursula andress) is brought as R.N. officially. and former partner Benito Varotto (Duilio Del Prete), certainly kill an old man, Numbers Leonida Bottacin (Mario Piso), back to health after heart attack. But Benito is actually leading a group of successors and businessmen, including the American entrepreneur Mr. Kitch (Jack Palance), and the basic intentions, which corresponds to what Anna expects to do with the Numbers. He has a history of, well, loves women, and would be more realistic “affected” when he is healed. The wicked decline as Anna does not go and grow closer to Numbers. Finally you can say it is amazing, but maybe it is well described as possible. But much for the program - this film is quite comedy, from start to finish, and oh how good it is. There are many cases of nude, including Anna and Jole, one of the worst heiresses, played by Luciana Paluzzi. Both Ursula and Luciana are the most famous women of the former Bond, and thus fulfill the fantasies of the male audience. As he did in Thunderball (note Fiona Volpe), Luciana has fatale of women, kind of, though less elegantly. <br /> Probably the best place is Anna (slow) on the right side and flying to bed with young Adone, "another patient" (who strongly opposes), trying to find out what she knows about the plot. But even now he has already appeared two (for better), because he has refused to walk. However, Benito is more than two timer and ladies, having a long series in the past with Anna and Jole, and the best location an erotic opponent follows the invective-filled (set to gently) move between it and Jole. This is to meet the position where Luciana is just under black color. One good is Ursula swimming perfectly naked in a pool of property. The calculation is free, as a customer, put his hands wherever he wants to Ursula, and takes advantage. Hey, somehow I've returned the names of administrators in my profile. Emotional events involving other women include the enjoyment of the wine of alcohol. "The Great Nurse" is compact, 77 minutes, but it is not recommended to be - it's comfortably uncomfortable, to start finishing. Indeed it was proposed. <br /> <br />
