I'm not a fan of Adam Sandler. In fact, I don't think I have loved him in anything I have seen. The opening area of ​​this movie emphasized my worst fears. There was Adam Sandler, with a tendency to look ridiculously close to New York City on a motorcycle, looking at anger and disappearing. Characteristic type of loss of Sandler again, I thought. I almost quit then and there. But then, as I continued with this, I found something that I did not know before: Adam Sandler can do it! He is the best in this film like Charlie, the lost and alone man, whose whole family (including dog) was killed in a single flight on 9/11 and who apparently lost every touch and reality as a result. Don Cheadle plays with his former college student who joins Charlie unexpectedly and takes it as his goal to help him get better. In fact, Alan Johnson of Cheadle has his own problems and sources of happiness, and somehow these two people can help each other through their problems. They both made the most trusted team, and Sandler actually made Charlie real, working through his feelings and emotions. This is not a comedy Sandler. If you expect it to go to some of others, silence, things. This is a very heavy movie - sometimes sad, sometimes hoping and always includes. There are some funny parts in it. I liked the area where Charlie induces Alan to communicate with his colleagues by reminding him of how difficult he was at the university, and then two conversations later. I did not think that the Burrows of the trip added much to the film like Donna, a necessity of Johnson's. The only reason the character was seen (according to one flashback) that he looked eerily like Charlie's late wife, but that has not been developed, and I just didn't worry too much for the character. Will you look at the part of the judge, however, played by Donald Sutherland, whom I thought to cling. In addition to I'm concerned, though, this is a movie of Sandler, and serve with good performance. Certainly better for him in my opinion. 8/10
