I agree, this film has moved me to the extent that I burst into tears. However, I always think about two things, and instead of writing eulogy which can define the film as useless and improper, I prefer to take the risk of looking closely. What is the first thing: The movie has an incredible effect of the viewer just because it starts and continues as a slow film that doesn't try to trigger away from real events from 9/11. Buttons on this elite stroke, because, unlike the Stone Street Business Center, unfortunately it will not focus on the attack itself but on the fall which, similar to the fall of the nuclear explosion, does not appear but it is also dangerous and destructive. The psychological impact, the greatest damage that 9/11 caused by the havoc of the Americans is almost impressive in this film. I think Binder looked at a sensible observation of the American community after 9/11 and Sandler in my opinion a rocket atmosphere from an average comedy actor for real talent who offers the best performance Oscar. However: In the film BLOOD DIAMOND, the character of Di Caprio says and I quote: "Ah, these Americans always want to take their feelings". Now, I don't want to reduce their problems, but I'm sure to make a comparison. Since 9/11 the whole world faces mementos, records and 9/11 anniversary. Hollywood industry and authors such as Safran Foer than allude up to 9/11 in their work. Now, this huge amount of cultural products, dealing with 9/11, turns the death of 3000 people in the great catastrophe of this young age. The number of books written on this issue and the number of films directed on this issue, and I say this with all respect, call for the importance of this senseless crime to some extent without proportion. The fact is: People die every day from acts of justice and terrible crimes committed by bad or lost people. We have a war in Iraq, Afghanistan, in Birma and many countries. Every day, we forget about the poverty of the people of Africa and we share them at a lower rate than the US 9/11 victims only because they are black and because their lives do not have much of a lot in our West. Africa has no money or ability to remember their national tragedies in the way America can. So, what I say is this: The reason we see more for 3000 victims of 9/11 and their families is because we are constantly reminded on 9/11. It is not the next day without a newspaper article, film or book that discusses 9/11. In conclusion: I worked with Charlie Fineman, but I did not know if I had the right to feel for him more than a Hutu who lost his whole family in the Rwandan civil war. <br /> <br /> What!
