Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful dentist, who shares other business partners. Alan also has a loving wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and has two daughters (Camille LaChe Smith & Faith Hakim). He also leaves his parents to get his big apartment in New York City. But somehow, he feels that his life is empty. On a typical day in the city, he sees a former college student Charlie Fireman (Adam Sandler). Which Alan has not seen Charlie for years. When Alan tries to be friends with Charlie again. Charlie is a sad person, who hides his true feelings from caring people. Since Charlie unexpectedly lost his family in a plane crash, they were on one September 11, 2001. When Alan feels around Charlie. While Alan is talking about the past, Charlie returns to violence towards Alan or anyone who talks about his deceased family. Now Alan tries to help Charlie and he tries to make his life easier. But Alan knows how Charlie is talking about his true feelings is more difficult than expected. Written by Mike Bender (Blankman, Summer Summer, Upside of Anger) made an amazing game of touch during sadness, reality and comedy as well. Sandler provides a wonderful performance, which Sandler provides more in its greater role than did in the Love of Punch-Drunk of Paul Thomas Anderson. Cheadle is the best as usual. Pinkett Smith is as good as Alan's support wife, Liv Tyler is also as good as the intelligent player and Saffron Burrows is as beautiful as a beautiful lonely woman, who has to beat Alan. This film was sadly miserable box office, although it had a positive review. The beat is the first rate here, writing & director is amazing with Russ T. Piabrook's Widescreen's comprehensive cinema. The film has a great NYC site, which films make New York a beautiful city to see a picture. <br /> <br /> The DVD has a bright bright of an amorphic (2.35: 1) transfer with Dolby Digital 5.1 beautiful. Call Sound. DVD is also a jam session with Sandler & Cheadle, an image, a picture of a photo and a review. I looked forward to the DVD as a radio tracking article and director and deleted events. "Leadership over me" is certainly one of the best films that took place this year. I am sure, this film seemed good on big screens. Which sadness, I have no chance to see it in the theater. But it is also a kind of good movie on DVD. The film has a good voice of sound and has many faces that are known to support roles and small parts. Even the director has a small section like Byran Sugarman, who is an actor himself. "Leadership over me" is one of the photographs under this year. It is also the best film of Sandler in my taste since "Wedding Song". Don't miss it. Great HD HD. (**** 1/2 of *****).
