I have never been to "Lead on Me" to know exactly what you expect either from the director or the story. The plan was easy to understand, I think. The whole family of the young man died in 9/11, and he hinders the world away from his life. Okay. I did not know if it would use the terrorist appendix as a platform to talk about these or other issues related to it, and not true to the absolute level, so if you are afraid to move around with political views that may be different from yours, I was not worried about it. I think the writing made it even never to mention the open "eleventh September". Overall, I was impressed. It was a very moving picture. The movie has a sense of humor, and it is very strong, but it is definitely drama where it is wrong. I usually do not like to think that comedic artists can not really do, but sometimes, let's be honest, they are. Adam Sandler is obviously capable (and although I think so, you can interact, Jim Carrey is also very good .. sometimes). An example of the Sandler of Charlie Fineman took the attitude that on the face it seems quite untrue and makes it quite reliable. I read many reviews that criticized Alan Johnson's writing (Don Cheadle in another outstanding role, if not one that looks similar to a few of his recent photos) wife, who plays well with Jada Pinkett Smith, calling her position and not evil, but not totally true. It has a depth, but some are hidden behind the main story, which causes and stops frequently. (That also brings to mind some abnormal changes done in the movie, and weird "Put everything out of focus" fadeout. After the first 40 minutes, it is not used again. Of course it is important to view characters, artists, or maybe they realized how angry they were.) These films gradually begin to reveal something to us (one of several, but more obviously clear) of stories, which is that sometimes people should deal with grief in my way. Maybe it seems unpleasant, maybe it looks bad, but maybe some people want more than just forgetting. Just to exist. The voice sounds were good, and they used music tracking and enhancing moods, instead of keeping them, which gives executives and credit authors credit. <br /> <br /> The movie takes a name from the song "Love, Join O'er Me", away from the Opera rock, Quadrophenia. The song itself is not very important to the real story, but it is used strongly in the film on the end of the peak, and the end. The movie is paced well, and it feels like it's dragging anywhere in its length, which is more than 2 hours. If you can accept Adam's Sandler's punishment of this sad heart and break someone, you will enjoy the movie. You will be tough in the story, and you will really feel for the characters every minute. It's not the best film of the year, and nothing can be interesting or interesting in it, but it's an enjoyable, visible movie, all.
