In our homes, we are a great fan of Christmas Carol and watch almost every Christmas edition, including 1938 old Reginald Owen and 1999 Modern Patrick Stewart. Our general love is a classic black and white 1951, because Alastair Sim is Ebeneezer Scrooge and its conversion ring is a truest. However, this version of 1984 has unique unique features and makes a beautiful and entertaining story, generally with the trust of the Dickens novel. (See my comments on other film modifications, if they are interested). I adore its sideburns, its long topcoat & hat. He reduces the beautiful figure of the vote, and the best gentleman. However, sometimes looks Scott enjoys his role as Scrooge just a little too much and not taking it seriously as he should! <br /> <br /> This editor has the best Christmas style, hope and hope. Somehow you know this story will be the end of happiness. Published in the city of Shrewsbury, England, looks just somehow in the UK. The film has a good color of music, and a wonderful, beautiful music in all the best parts of the story. Sometimes I could smell the smell of chestnuts and sing to the pudding in copper! Marley's bitter spirit (with his good jaw dropping area) and all three spirits are quite persuasive. Christmas Christmas is a beautiful and attractive woman, Christmas It's very strange and jovial, Christmas is still registered and spread as every day. However, I found Scrooge's nephew, Fred, we were silent and wrong, not as close as a jolly & hearty as he should be. I love the nephew's wife, who has named Janet, and her lovely, delightful hairstyle. Instead of the blind bluff, they have combine the game called Similes for Christmas Day party, which is a little touch, Scrooge to enter into the spirit of the matter. The harvest and a small amount (though well known) Christmas dinner is shown well, and Bob (David Warner) deserves mercy and patience in its stone rocks. Mrs Cratchit is easily shown by Susannah York, who also had a star and George C. Scott in the success of Jane Eyre. Above all, this version of course is the best Tiny Tim, not just adorable & endearing a little waif but ill. With these dark circles under his eyes, something of weakness seems to be impossible to live at a time! <br /> <br /> This is an enjoyable and cheerful version of the classic holiday. For the ceremony, it will certainly put you in the spirit of the season.
