On September 11, 2001, millions were killed; but 2,819 lives ended with brutality. They were affected by the flight and the victims whose work was to destroy buildings, but most importantly, people. This film explores in detail the four people whose lives were reduced by this horrible event and one whose life was lost by losing their lives. Charlie Fineman (played with Adam Sandler), an old dentist who lived in New York, lost his wife and three children on September 11 when they were going to Los Angeles. Emotional failure and events, eventually lose touch with everyone who reminds him of his past; including his son-in-law and his best friend (played, respectively, by Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon, and Mike Bender). He goes completely to reject and does a good job of forgetting his past life. This continues until he runs his old clan friend Alan Johnson (played by Don Cheadle) who Fineman does not seem to remember. The two begin to get, but Fineman believes Johnson was sent by people from his past life to persuade him to seek help. Slowly, but surely, Fineman believes again for Johnson. When all this happens, Alan Johnson's life goes the wrong way. He is an individual (dentist) who helps to start dental exercises. One day, her name Donna Remar (played with Saffron Burrows) is trying to move, telling her she would like to have oral sex for her. This is an unknown surprise for Dr. Johnson since he is a married man with two children. On his way home with work on a certain day, he sees his old friend (Fineman) and tries to beat him. It failed, but it gets another opportunity to persuade Fineman to get coffee and he will catch, despite the fact that Fineman doesn't know who he is. One of the most interesting things about this film is its use of music as motif. One of Fineman's physics is music, especially Springsteen and other rock rock artists. When Fineman is asked to open up his past or to talk about what he sees is not good, he puts on their heads and leaves the world with his musical objects. <br /> <br /> When the film was over, I was thinking: how do I cope with my family's loss? How could I deal with those terrible events. It's something we don't think so many times. We always think they will be there and we often assume the position, if we expect or not. Usually we know it's important for what is too late; and such a plague can destroy physical, emotional, and physical. I don't know how I can deal with something like that. I would like to deal with the head of trouble, cope with, and continue my life or would just put my voice and block the world?
