As a man who has never lied to Adam Sandler for the talent of talent, as he did to him and many comic actors like him, I came in to lead me on my expecting a great film, not just because of his presence in the movie but because I thought it seemed to be good very generally. Even a person who already thought that Sandler could give a very good performance is to write here that I was wondering how wonderful he has in it. He will make you cry, especially in his sudden and non-monologue. What is amazing about his role is that behavior is hard to say what we see before. We have seen many characters with emotional feelings, many lost minds, not many people, many skeptics who are independent, but Sandler Charlie Fineman is not one of these. He may have a taste of each other in some way, but his behavior is unpredictable and quite individual. It is a pleasure for the audience to be attracted to emotion and considered every way by someone whose problems, thoughts, and exciting are quite different from most characters like him. Don Cheadle provides interesting performance at a completely different level. He is everyone. He is the most common person in the world, so much that you will look for as many characters as he, or at least anything that plays as he plays Alan Johnson, whose name is found even in the meeting line. Cheadle is brilliant because she is so attractive, attractive, intelligent, and ignorant how many ordinary people have. Some castes have executives and executives who have not done something for a short time for small but colorful tasks. Jada Pinkett-Smith is a highly respected middle-class woman, Donald Sutherland is a hard but shocking judge, Robert Klein is a Sandler-in-law who is desperate. Mike Binder's script is quite talented because it says a very great thing about the wonders of communication in all its exhibitions. It is more subtle than, say, Babel, and has the very best around the house. The camera is only interested in the fact of its image opposite the style. This film struck me as a kind of recycling in the kitchen-sinking style of the 1970s. The filming was a thickness and unfastened, but that was its charm. It was not about to attract us to the camera itself and gloss which would have diluted her stories and such. <br /> <br /> Music, which plays a major role in the film, and its name, is very powerful. Welcome to the beginning, you feel like you're up to another About Schmidt or Little Little Sunshine kind of soundtrack, but soon you'll realize you're up to more of it. In fact, the film is closed with a lot of music that stimulates many emotional images. Join me is a great statement not only for the community but also for the film itself. It goes to show that even the director of Blankman has amazing abilities.
