Time and again, it seems that the comedic actors of Hollywood are shocking me for their talents as an amazing actress: first was Robin Williams ['One Hour Photo (2002)'}, then was Jim Carrey {'Sunshine Everlasting? (2004) 'being one example', then Will Ferrell {'visitor than Fiction (2006)' and now Adam Sandler. Yes, that is exactly the same: a boy who has put the whole work into making brain comedies without brain, not complaining; I've always been fan} finally gave me a performance that can boast. Of course, other readers may be wondering what happened to "Punch-Drunk Love (2002)," but I can only assure them that it is the film I take to see as soon as possible, since I've heard severe. My first film from director Mike Binder, 'My Leadership,' is an intelligent inquiry and respect for sadness and friendship. Although it may occasionally disappear in any known place, a story that describes a certain degree of depth and moving, along with Sandler and Don Cheadle provide memorable displays. Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful dentist and a good family, although he finds himself unable to talk adequately with his wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and so his marriage is very little. Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is a former Alan student, a man who lost all his family in a terrorist attack on September 11, 2001, and who is still experiencing his sad feelings. A non-combustible dye with a damp hair and dull eyes (often comparable to Bob Dylan's face), Charlie has rejected his work in the teeth of teeth, and spends his time in the sound bath: listening to music and sound-sounding heads of the world, driving around Manhattan in his motorbike motorcycle, engaging in fantastic video games and repeating his kitchen kitchen according to his late wife's wishes. When Alan and Charlie met for the first time for years, the last even recognizing an old friend, having left any memory before his experience of injury. Indeed, at first he did not even acknowledge the presence of his family, and suddenly he loses his anger everyone suggests that he wants advice. , it may seem to have limited operation for film makers to use the September 11 attacks as a storytelling. bad if the family of Charlie died in an ordinary car accident? However, if you think the director's intention was to show the great pain caused by ordinary people to the disaster, then 'My Leadership' works very well. It is easy to find it found in non-meaning data that you leave the emotional cost of terrorist attacks; this is the first 9/11 film that I have seen that it was actually dealing with the suffering of those who were not even involved, who who only depressed were caused by losing those who loved. Adam Sandler shows a great surprise in a difficult role, which would have broken the pieces if he had no work. Once prompting a happy, angry and depressed mood, Charlie Fineman is a person we can plead with, a soul of an immortal soul who, thanks to an old friend, can finally see the light at the end of a dark, powerful tunnel.
