It can be devastating! Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), who lost his family in a tragedy, (the terrorist attacks of September 11), is still sad about their deaths. He goes to his former college home, Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), and the two return to their friendship. Alan promises to help his old friend agree with the tragic loss. This is to simplify the basic story of Leadership over me. This game is, however, the story of how the punishment appeals to our lives while we cannot have any power over our countries to be. Alan is stuck in a life that he knows no longer. He feels unloved and without touching his own truth. He cannot talk to his wife and his work partners. He cannot express his feelings and the result is lost and far from his own world. Charlie is on the streets of Manhattan while driving from his job. Finally he meets and discovers that Charlie, (who previously did not remember Alan), lives in a false truth himself. Charlie has returned some time in his life when he had no family. He sits as a student playing in rock rock, collecting vinyl band 60 and 70, and playing video games. He has avoided the best and safe time in his life where there are no bad people and he has much to lose. Everyone in this movie has been affected by a tragedy that has affected Charlie and his mercy in the past and best (?). The owner of his home is his patron and a great assistant. Her mother-in-law is removed from her life because they could take her back for the fact that her family has now left her life. And Alan is most affected by him because Alan wants to, (in the first selfish desire to run away from his own truth) to have Charlie as a way of withdrawing himself from his fictional facts and then wants to find a way to help Charlie start saving from his personal guilt and refusing to lose. It is through this relationship that Charlie is not only able to heal himself, but that Alan learns to communicate with his real despair and his work colleagues and eventually he can accept his wife has not been able to communicate with his real feelings to him but that he wants to because he loves her. In fact it is a difficult time in the film when things have hit a fan and Charlie is experiencing the fact that he and Alan are talking about the situation together on "Chinese" which Charlie says is really worried about Alan and not himself. This game will be, if you stop, it takes you through a river of emotion and stops you from thinking. It will be with you to laugh how Charlie uses his words, as people do the truth in everyday life, making a good explanation of the reality. It will leave you with tears (with my true tears), while Charlie is fighting his grief and he begins to get to his very loss. And in fact the innocent truth is the guilt and loss of her never left her and she did it in the only way she knew: reject. It will cause them to fall into the cold, unimportant prosecutor's attempts to win his "case", (as I did in hearing of Charlie!) And it will make them smile in the decision of an old and wise lawyer, (Donald Sutherland who is good at his role distinct and provides the best performance of the wise, brilliant in the legal profession since Wilford Brimley played the Attorney-General's Attorney in the Disadvantage of Evil.) <br /> <br /> This movie was also amazing to me for a few other reasons: (1) I have never looked at me once during the film show. Which means that I was with me from the beginning to the end, (2) Although the cast was tribal, this fact was not necessary to play the role of the characters in the film. The race was not the reason for the performance of roles in this film. Wonderful people can actually interact with this reality being brought out! and (3) the special reference to the 9/11 is when Charlie's financial adviser tells of a tragedy to Charlie as "what Charlie had been 9/12". Time will be a true test of how this film will stand in the future but if the purpose of the movie is not just to attract them but to make a person think and have the movie to be a long time after leaving the playground then join me succeeded even though I is worried. I have never forgotten this stimulating film and I will try to wait for the day I can buy it as a DVD.
