Let me begin by saying at the age of 34 I was a sudden widow. I was ruined because she was not sick — she died unexpectedly of inheritance — her carotids were beaten out - she died behind our house. There was so much patience from the police, because he fell on something and hit his head. I was a suspect of murder until autopsy returned. My children were as sad as I was, so with love with a good father like him. I had three small children, no education, no financial support. I took it very, very hard. In two years my mother-in-law attacked me with words, physical, emotional and spiritual claiming me sad in front of the children, and wearing masks and showing them what they wanted to see, not showing them my pain during the holidays… Nobody stood for me and my choice to stay out of one holiday, except of course, a grief-stricken specialist that I advised me to follow my heart and soul. My laws did not find them! It changed with my relationship with them, and I never returned to vacation. This is just one example of how my sadness was not respected! My husband (new) has seen me fall off talking about trouble when I participate from my spirit. I fall, can not breathe, cleanse, and in general is a weakness for a few days if I even try to erase the hidden pain. Now about this movie ... Today, my soul was upset, my heart was broken. My fears and pain have emerged from the real demonic movies; how depressed one compared to how others expect us to have a demon inside. Adam Sandler was thoroughly shown the pain you suffer, win and above all, work at your own time! This film has caused all the pain I have tried over the years to deal with. You see, when something that affects your soul in depth, deep that all the words that come out of your mouth when you think, you can't cope with it without wanting you dead and going into life, in a dead condition. The Bible contains scriptures, Romans 8:26 which I have caught, that when my mouth and spirit does not know what to pray, the Holy Spirit of God carries the pain on God's feet- - I do not need to speak. Sandler demonstrated that in full! There is a place where she has been raised to hear in court, for the purpose of volunteering for mental health, and she comes back to deal with her in-laws (familiar to me) — and tells a wonderful truth. who has had, for Se, that he cannot cross. It is a great and powerful job. I started to walk and I had a hard time after the cut up from the hearing hall that my feet could not do that. My son was with me and saw that it was the first hand, my right motion when trying to hold it all together; A lesson for him, my little one who did not remember his father. It has been 13 years to me but this film has brought me time to lose my husband forever when they demanded a mask on my feelings and surrendered to their desires, rather than my own respect. I have written this, so that it can be sad, you are prepared for this film, but you recommend it very much in the Sandler's performance of 1000 stars released. If you don't know, please get a lesson from his film and just listen and accept the choice of people in their sadness, letting them find peace in their own time! Sometimes, the spirit cannot say words to describe our pain. <br /> <br /> Go to this movie with tissue and not without making it ... for your soul!
