This film was shown last night in Austin's playground as part of the SXSW film festival. We were made by the presence of director Mike Binder and star Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle who took the audience's questions after the film. It's a wonderful and powerful film on what it is like to lose yourself and start looking for your way back. These displays are amazing and the story can be sad and surprising in a way that is not very helpful. (The trailer of the film tries very little to emphasize comedic things.) <br /> <br /> This is the responsibility of the outbreak of Adam Sandler. When he has begun to change for greater responsibilities and the love of Punch-Drunk and Spanglish, this role is an important step in front of him as an amazing actor. He deserves the appointment of Oscar as he continues until the transition to the most important roles as Tom Hanks did with Jim Carrey also doing. In this role, he appeared to be trying to give Dustin Hoffman in the Rain Man. Although playing an autistic person is more sure than the Sandler's problem of difficulty, all the characters for different reasons are beaten in their world of isolation and absence of children. Don Cheadle's performance is not surprising, but just as good. After Hotel Rwanda and Crash, we have been looking for a wonderful Cheadle exhibition. He has the qualities of honesty and trust that come in this way. But, too, it also breaks down and struggles if it is not in such a way as the Sandler behavior. Cheadle is experiencing difficulties in her two marriages and in her professional life as a dentist. All actors play with Cheadle and Sandler fighting in a way that true friends do many times (in a way that reminds me of Matt Damon and Robin Williams in a Good Hunting Delivery). They all are looking for that part of themselves being lost and trying to get it again. Join me is one of the best studio movies available this year. Voice sounds, which are almost another character in the plot is wonderful. Photos in New York's streets - a city that was hit by a catastrophe and also needed to heal itself - it is also very good. The duty to support Jada Pinkett Smith, Liv Tyler, Burrows Saffron (for the most common role), Donald Sutherland, and Mike Binder are all good. <br /> <br /> Author / Director Mike Binder has given a true story that many will be able to connect to many levels. This is a story about grief, family, healing, male friendship, mental health, and love. Leadership over Me does not despise you. The film is about to cheat if it inspires you in the lives of its characters. Hollywood would have a better reputation if it made the most interesting films like Leadership over me.
