Everyone certainly knows these most popular stories? The senseless businessman is visited by a lover of his beloved partner during Christmas and warned that if he keeps on his uncomfortable ways then he will die after life in chains. So he can escape the fate of his partner he is visited by three spirits that reflect the past, present and future Christmas views, so that he will see the errors of his ways before the delay. A moral story that one can think of, but it's a classic Charles Dickens, and also one of the most famous and famous Christmas stories of all time. <br /> <br /> This is a definite version of the Dickens' story time time; what I remember always looking at school, and I remember being totally scared of it! The spirit of Jacob Marley, the last place and the spirit of Christmas under the bridge, and the Christmas spirit is still coming exactly as I found it. What? Did this film get 'U' on the world? (For non-UK U 'readers are the lowest allocation, means a friendly family and children welcome, there is nothing to torture, etc. This is not really so, if other young children are undoubtedly getting the last horrible part A terrible plus a specter of yield as the future of Christmas. Be as much as possible, from many versions of this common story I saw taken for the film, this is most likely for the book. The change of the original text of the original text - the Christmas spirit now showing Scrooge two children hidden under his garment (you can never leave the scene like these today!) The children represent the ignorance and Hail (though they have been changed to want in this film). br /> <br /> Criticisms for me however seem to be looking again with more eyes and focus and training, which the main being being George C. Show Scott to Scro oge looks not just cold enough. He laughs very much. I don't want to use the jolly word because Ebeneezer is anything but, but it seems to be just an old man, rather than a good, cool and careless person that he is in a book with other films. Patrick Stewart showed him very well in one of the most recent editions, and Michael Caine, despite working with Muppets, was very cold. Additionally, the development of character over the film period as he learns more about the error of his ways and grows toward redemption does not know and does not appear. He seems to have changed a little when he reaches the final lesson of the spirit. <br /> <br /> But ignoring this (although great) quibble, it's still spellbinding and finally hot-warm Christmas stories, as all Christmas movies should be. London really looks like a very heavy English capital of America that many Americans still think is still (the fact is that even though London was gray and grimy? And any snow has never been too white!) And everyone is very well dressed, even The poor people look rather than a dapper. But of course it is a Christmas film, why everything should not be seen well? Watch the full season of holidays; as well as a copy of the Wonderful Life, Miracle on 34 Address and The Snowman and you have everything you need.
