This modern films of film and its far from humorous surveillance and follow-up products provide surprising stories, dangerous characters and excellent entertainment from start to finish. It is impossible to hear with a brave, brave or entertaining hero and the way he tries to walk in his terrifying ways that he finds himself, so everything you can do is close your seat belt and enjoy ride. The story of an ordinary man who makes a bad decision and then sees that the result makes him a series of events that he cannot make himself a black film film. Similarly it is similar to the topic of murder, fraud, corruption and duplicity that are full of rounds. Many of the most commonly seen black elements are also available, such as the smoke cigarette smokers, rainy roads reserved at night, in the shadows of the shade and shadow lines (designed by louvred doors) on people's faces. <Br> Michael Williams (Nicolas Cage), a war-wounded soldier without a job or a job, leaves a bar at Red Rock, Wyoming and is wrong with Wayne Brown (JT Walsh) owner. he plans to hire his wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). Michael, an ordinary man, has nothing to oppose Wayne of his ignorance, especially if he could use the job and for the first time he does not know what to expect. After being told what his job and earned $ 5,000, he is going to see Suzanne and tell him about Wayne's plan. She does not seem to be concerned about the danger she has had and give Michael twice the fee that Wayne has given, for her to remove her husband. Michael says taking money from both of them and leaving the city. His plan fails, however, when he runs an accident in a person who is standing in the middle of the road and decides to take him to the hospital to receive treatment for his injuries. In the hospital, things get more complicated when it shows that the patient is a girlfriend of Suzanne and has two bullets in her stomach. This leads to local law enforcement officers involved with the revelation that Wayne is Sheriff !! From this point, things get harder and also very dangerous when the person who was beaten, Lyle from Dallas (Dennis Hopper) arrived in the area. "Red Rock West" has time to stop, (eg this is a place that Michael saves you from Wayne's bar) and also a good show from a very powerful cast. Nicolas Cage's words are very natural and confirming whether he feels in different situations and concerns, surprise or uncertainty by J T Walsh is also as good as a fraudulent character that hides everything more than he says. Dennis Hopper is very scared as a sharp ruthless killer (role playing with gusto great) and Lara Flynn Boyle looks good and cool and counting as fatale of women. Dwight Yoakam also provides good support and a time of humor in his role to come as a truck driver. <br /> <br /> Amazingly, "Red Rock West" was originally rejected by the general movie but has certainly emerged from its original start to finally be recognized as a great movie that is true.
