Red Rock West is one of the smallest attractions that we cannot see again. It is well-organized, well done and does not leave us with no endless answers or unanswered questions in this type. Nicola Cage's stars like Michael, Texas who is unemployed, desperate for the drive to drive all the way to Wyoming for employment. He is faithful to the fault, but always on the dark side of fate. Having failed to find a profitable job, Michael is caught in the Red Rock bar where Wayne Wayne (JTWalsh) is offended by the contractor he called from Dallas, who was employed to make a good wife but kill Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). Wayne gives the necessary details to Michael and the down payment of Suzie of adultery. Since there is no intention to follow, Michael receives money and then puts out to tell Suzanne's death. It also sends a letter to local money explaining the plot and split. If ultimately it is ordered, Michael will not remove the situation. While in heavy rains, he runs under a boyfriend of Suzannes. Of course Michael in Michael, takes him to local hospitals where he has found that he has also been shot. <br /> <br /> Sheriff has been called and luck would have it, Wayne is also a local law. Michael can escape when he is taken on the last trip and eventually was taken by "Lyle from Dallas" literally played by the murderous partner and Dennis Hopper. After discovering that they are at sea, Lyle insists that Michael should join him for drinking, where he is, Rock Rock Road. There Wayne knows his mistake and soon he and Lyle are looking for fire Michael who falls voluntarily into Suzanne <br /> waiting weapons. When the moment we start, we learn that Wayne and Suzanne want weapons killers, lights for theft multi million dollars. Getting money now becomes a great film that focuses on a series of betrayal, two crosses and murder. <br /> <br /> The movie was very healed. Nicolas Cage was an important key, Dennis Hopper and Lara Flynn Bolye took their responsibilities to more capacity. The best performance was with J.T. late. Walsh who was suspicious without being seen. Walsh was a good actor who left us very quickly. The Reshoskys photography used a lot of unique ivory that has increased the confusion and conspiracy. The film was further enhanced by John Dahl's leadership and Morris Chestnut's flame editorial.
