From the cinema director 'Seduction of the End' and 'Kill me again', comes another film in the style of black color. John Dahl created a niche for himself by making movies on adultery, exciting in the 90s. Although I had not had many opinions about the last fraud. But now Mr Dahl has decided to lead television shows. It is a shame since the man had a talent. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS ** This is a very interesting movie around the Cage drifter which comes in going to Wyoming town for work. However he has not confirmed the luck and has made a mistake for someone who was beaten from Texas by the owner of the bar J.T Walsh. He is assigned to kill his wife (Boyle). But Cage decides to split after taking the charge forward without doing so. On the way out of the city he accidentally defeats the guy on the road, who then leads the local hospital. At that time Cage meets Walsh again, who also appears to host the area. After the Cage runs away from its groups but it meets a real person who happens to be Dennis Hopper. John Dahl is written by leading this movie. So it shows you that the project can turn well when the director puts his thoughts on the screen. The trends are of good quality, however, when watching the film I made with a TV show. There was very close frames. However this does not prevent the movie from being an enjoyable experience. Movie had a good speed and the structure was perfect. Dahl wrote a long script. <br /> <br /> Cage was shown the role of being a realistically drifter, though my job seemed to be closed. His face was on the mark. Lara Flynn Boyle was bright and took care of her perfectly as a fatale woman. Her hairstyle was off and could make anyone go to her knees. Hopper played its part properly. But I feel that he was sent to this role. He did not think that he had a man-hit character. Responsibility was not written on his personality. When you look at one you will find the latest movies of the previous movie as 'The Hot Spot' and 'A Perfect Murder'. Due to the fact that some small squares are the same. In general if you are a fan of color films, then this is for you. Value suggests. 7/10
