The best example of "cowboy noir", as it is called, where unemployed Michael (Nicolas Cage) loses his job because he insists to be honest (he has a foot foot). In fact there is nothing else he can do, he decides that he will soon lie. When he enters the bar, the owner Wayne (late, JT Walsh) leads to a man who was beaten by Wayne who has hired to do in Suzanne's beautiful sexy wife (Lara Flynn Boyle for good form), Michael plays together and accepts Waynes money. * Then she goes to Suzanne and tells her about her husband's intentions, and receives * money * to get rid of Wayne! If he had no difficulty with enough things, a true man, "Lyle from Dallas" (Dennis Hopper, in full position for him) shows and Michael has more trouble than before. "Red Rock West" gets a lot from places. Director John Dahl, who wrote the script with his brother Rick, was an expert in identifying the possibility of a story set in a small town that had seen the best day and which residents could participate in any kind of planning. It is also an exciting idea of ​​the kind of trouble the faithful person can enter if they have decided to leave their rules and stop any trial. It is a sad and wasteful story and restructuring of the main characters who are not as bribes, at least affected by ethics like Michael. The cinema's cinema Marc Reshovsky is very good in its pleasant atmosphere; even the peak placed in the cemetery gives good quality of products to something around. Even if the text cannot "be logical or reliable", the film has a good way to attract the viewer and just draw them. Cage performs a good job in leading, but co-stars are long to sink their teeth in their meat and greedy characters. Hopper, Boyle, and Walsh are all happy to see these places. Timothy Carhart and Dan Shor are as good as the Walshs' deputies (for just one misleading, Walsh is also a local sheriff); The end of delightful tune. <br /> <br /> It is a very good film worth looking. It goes forward with an amazing speed, and if nothing else is never really moving. <br /> <br /> 8/10
