What we are here is a very good nine-year thriller which, while perhaps lacking in substances, still provides great entertainment all the time it runs and generally makes everything that you can possibly want to film this nature to do. I saw this film especially because it was directed by John Dahl - the director who was under the great behind a great thrust such as The Last Seduction, Rounders and Roadkill. I thought that if this film was the standard of what I have seen from the director, it would be good to watch - and Red Rock West is a film that Dahl can boast. The plan focuses on Michael on ethics; a person around America looking for work. He is about to get one day when he is dancing on the bar in Red Rock County - just catching it is that the job is to kill the man's wife. He is wrong with the killer named Lyle, but instead of working; plays both sides against each other and finally arranges to getawaw. However, his attempts to escape were unsuccessful and he finds himself in a bad situation when the real Lyle turns out ... John Dahl seems to enjoy keeping the attractions on the road; made it three years ago and killed again, and again nearly ten years from this film and the Roadkill. It is not hard to see why Dahl chooses this kind of area, for it provides an amazing atmosphere for this exciting. Dahl also provides his film with a 'black film' as the sky, as the plot focuses primarily on the central and word character which is embedded in is full of dark and wonderful characters. Acting is very big, and Nicholas Cage is doing a good job in leading the lead, and getting help from class-from Lara Flynn Boyle, J.T. Walsh and, of course, Dennis Hopper; who once commands screens and on high performance. It is said that the second half of the film is not as good as the first, but Red Rock West is certainly not worthy of the way Dahl mentions the great finale is best because all the middle characters get to be part of it. In general, Red Rock West is a film that you will not regret to look at. It's exciting around, and you can't ask a lot more than that!
