Ealing Studios, a television and film production company in West London, claims to be the world's oldest film studio. Although it has been regularly enjoying films and television programs since the 1930s, its golden age was between 1948 and 1955, when it produced a string of masterpieces of comedy, many viewing Alec Guinness. These popular names include 'Whiskey Galore! (1949), '' Passport for Pimlico (1949), '' Type of Heart and Coronets (1949), '' The Lavender Hill Mob (1951), '' The Thunderbolt Titfield (1953) 'and' The Ladykillers (1955). . 'One of the most popular Ealing Studio films, released in 1951,' The Man in White Suit ', and gave the star Alec Guiness as Sidney Stratton, a brilliant founder who creates an incredible fabric, discoveries that unexpectedly makes the enemy more than friends . Sidney Stratton is poor and unappreciative, but has a lot of scientific talent for his achievements, the only work he can find is as a carer or employee in other large textile industries, where he tries to secretly use the money and equipment of the company. Having found and run many times, Sidney believes that he is only a week away from the great scientific discovery that will change the textile industry. He was promoted by his daughter Daphne (Joan Greenwood), the owner of the clothing dresses Alan Birnley (Cecil Parker) is very interested in the use of Sidney and agrees to work any more. After many attempts to defeat a few cracked land, Sidney finally unfolds its amazing creation: the closest white cloth that is not found dirty and never gets dry. <br /> If Sidney thought that his innovation would make him a hero, then he was very disappointed. Powerful heads of the clothing industry, led by Mr. John Kierlaw (Ernest Thesiger) weak, unite to ensure that revolutionary innovation, which can completely eradicate their business, does not end up full production. Similarly, humble workers in the union of workers when they hear Sidney's creation and have also decided to abolish it, fearing their work. However, the inventor believes that the permanent fabric brings relief and joy to many, and refuses to provide for the needs of others, despite threats and violence and provide kwa 250,000 for compensation. In all of her problems announcing her innovation to journalists, only one person offers Sidney her full sympathy and support, the daughter of Birnley Daphne, who is engaged to marry someone else but is very interested in Sidney's problem. <br /> <"The Man in White Suits" is a clever craft and a hammer, made by the magic script (written by John Dighton, Roger MacDougall and director Alexander Mackendrick) and the quirky and charismatic performance from the inimitable Alec Guinness. There are also few passages that are natural to creativity, and how many industries can hold development for their financial status, although we can see the arguments on either side of the debate.
