Often sprayed as a comedy, Man In The White Suit is set out more than a chuckle here and there. Sidney Stratton is an inventor who is not getting an opportunity to thrive his invention on the world because no one gives him a statement, he is just an odd ball to a person about the place as it was. After blowing the bluffing way into Birnley's textile mill, he uses their laboratory to achieve his goal of creating a fabric that is not just exhausting, but also does not need to be cleaned. For the first time he announced a specialist and those who rejected him for the first time suddenly want a large piece of him, but then the traffic penalty advertisement brings his head and testifies quickly to something more horrible. It is a very interesting film, in fact some cases are the effects of hilarious, but it's a satirical edge of the film that raises a higher way than usual to me. The contradiction on the advent of technology is an important thing here, we want the innovation that saves us fortunate when installing industry? You just see what happened to the coal industry in the UK to know what I'm up to. The decade of the film was made an important point of note, the nuclear weapon decision was more than just hearing, science was going on to a huge number of horrible. You watch this film and see the rapid change of events for the main character Stanley, from the hero to the enemy in one bad swoop, the victim of tracking himself to the best people, It is a dark film should be called Man In Black suit. <br /> <br /> I honestly can't find anything wrong in this film, the script from Roger MacDougall, John Dighton, and director Alex Mackendrick can be closed today and can not be off is sharp and thoughtful mind has. Sound and setting are very large, the direction cannot be connected, and tonal changes are run by Mackendrick. Some of these events are very strange, one of the groups on the heart of the heart and brings a person to think of a certain area in the Person of David Lynch Elephant 29 years later, and even after the decline of these film events still manages to take Wink as a professional The former Alec Guinness gets a film to enable viewers not only to Stanley's future, but also to all of us in this fast-moving world. <br /> <br /> A non-timer, morally and as a piece of art, 10/10.
