In my best thought of the Comedy of Ealing and one of my favorite films of all time. Theme of employees v. Management (for much discussion of trade unions and rights) may be a little film now because it is not a matter of discussion about all things but does not stop "White Suit" from being a classic show. The plot, about the man tries to create a new fabric for the revolution that is about to put the textile industry into trouble, not feeling exciting while written but the film continues to be very important to the fantasy mix with the fact that the same color as Ealing comedy. The fabric pollutes dirt and can never wear! The only white suit that Alec Guinness is wearing in the second half becomes the image of many iconic images and drawings, such as the Guinness that can use its irresistible thread! Script itself is full of magic - "Is it okay?" "Yes." "Gentle." - and features are the first level. I always wonder with the incredible direction in these films as well. The comedies of the future eras would "point the camera in the executives and let it roll" thought but the Ealing film has always tried interesting lights and horns and creativity. This film is not different. <br /> <br /> Of course, it is a cast that raises devices to the length of the paint. Alec Guinness offers a very good performance, with eyes that show amazing, fun and failure to fail every story required. Stratton is a person who feels everything but his work. This intervention characterization can quickly become worse or irritating but the guinness easily makes it more appealing, so that the closing action of the film makes a real sense of urgency as Stratton tries to come on top of the world that wants to bury everything she has ever worked. Joan Greenwood has another of its powerful female roles and is a perfect pleasure to look as usual, as it was transferred to Cecil Parker and Slimy Michael Gough; everyone gets laugh without even trying. It is a mixture of British brain for the most favorable conditions. "That man in white shape" is 81 minutes of beauty, with a good plot, cast, delightful and beautiful gold. Top header.
