One of the things that makes this comedy of Ealing so angry funny is clever editing. Shots that can be considered very important for many modern comedies have been deliberately omitted. (This is known as the British destruction) <br /> <br /> Three events: combat comic is planned as this. Alec Guiness has made new clothes that will destroy the industry. Half of business entrepreneurs invite them to their offices to try to sign a contract to refuse its fabric controls so that the product can be canceled. Catching this, Guiness stands and returns to the door. Two men block its way. "Forgive me," he says quietly, taking action. Two men move between Guiness and the camera. Cut. The secretary sat out on his desk. There is silence until the buzzer begins to witness. He takes his notebook and opens the door of the local office where the Donnybrook's full gun continues and the room is half damaged. Guiness burst out the door. The next example would not be available today. During the research phase of its innovation Guiness sets the chemical equipment better but instead of switching the experimental liquid into a new fabric, the device explodes. Often it breaks. The laboratory is deleted all other functions. Explosion continues. The covers are falling. Windows is beaten. Research director sat at his desk in a small dirty office, bandage on his head. When the door behind it opens the air jump jumps. "Sit down," he tells his visitor, "there is another at any time." It's exciting for deliberate - and no one shot of any explosions. This would be unthinkable now without fire, and perhaps the building collapses fast. <br /> <br /> The last example, which includes a series of quick cuts, without cuts, put together correctly. Glory should be in the lobby of the office building and people who want to sign a contract. Faced with two men over to defeat him, Guiness returns to expression. Jumps over the fabric and the metal garden on it. Garden is facing back and facing the wall. There is a permanent shot for the second second of the garden hitting the wall. Another short version of the iron shield was hit on a freed garden and fell down. Quickly cut the head of Guiness into the shape. Cut the two men looking at the camera when copper and sound sounds are heard on the screen. Cut on the flat of Guiness behind it. No one today could have the HASO cojones to show Guiness to be crowned with that shield. <br /> <br /> I'm not going with this. It is a good but very good player under all hilarity. To solve one problem of problems, Guiness has created a number of others. He contradicts both management and work, neither does it show many benefits. And of course the economic meaning refers to more than a fabric. "What about the car that runs on water and something or something in it?" one of the employees asks. "The interest required," says another employee, as Thorstein Veblen enters her grave. What could happen if our problems and energy were solved one night? If I had an Exxon stock - and I think I'm doing - I'd like to focus on the ideas. Where would the oil sector be if there was no need for fuel? For that matter, where would the police and the FBI be if the crime disappeared? This is a thoughtful and exciting movie, directed and modified. The role of artists is a responsibility. Joanne Greenwood and that voice husky. Cecil Parker blithering. Ernest Thesiger who hits the wheels. <br /> <br /> work on the first level around.
