ANOTHER WELL, LIKE I JACK JACK JACK, TAKES A LITTLE BACK OF THE WORK AND THE MONEY. Alec Guinness is a scientist - but it is one of the core (he never got his university degree because of ... accident ... accidental college). He can pull himself into a multi-manufacturing laboratory in the textile industry. When the film begins he is Michael Gough's company, and Gough (in an unlikely time) tries to impress his girlfriend (Cecil Parker) by showing him the image of the ship's car. During lunch with Parker's daughter and Parker (Joan Greenwood), Gough gets a message about some problems about the big budget problems. He reads the bulk (because of the Guinness experiment), and stimulates his coffee. Guinness continues to work in Parker's company, and repeats the same technique he did with Gough - but Parker also sees it too. Greenwood has found what Guinness is working, and influences Parker to continue with experiments (but now legally). The result: Guinness and its assistant seems to be clear how to make fiber fibers that can constantly change the electrical buttons within the structure of the mass order (for each purpose and purpose) fiber will remain attentive for the benefit. Any clothes that come out of it can never be damaged, get dirty, or extinguish - it will last forever. The Spirit has help from a female shop manager, but not his head. He sees Guinness as an export to rich. But when he told them what he had done, they turned him down. If everyone has clothes that will last forever then they will not need new clothes! Recently Tycoons colleagues of Parkers' clothes (led by Gough, Ernest Theisinger - for good performance, and Howard Marion-Crawford) are also very afraid of what could end their business. They seek to prevent innovation. For Greenwood only in its corner (though Parker kind of sympathy with him), Guinness tries to get information of its discovery to the public. At the end, Guinness fails to science as greed. But he finishes the film to see an error in his calculations, and we think that one day he can still pull his discovery after all. <br /> <br /> It is a brilliant comedy. But a legitimate argument? At the same time the problems of making clothes are shown (you should burn the temperature at a high temperature to actually make the end of the material being unified. Nothing that shows the fabric will decrease if the owner gets fat (or contract if the owner gets thin) Can we believe that people want just one set of clothes ever? What happened to the change of style and new styles And the fabric is made in white (and making Guinness looks like white Knight) We are told that color paint should be added earlier in the process. of the chemicals that continue to form the textile structure of science, but the film about the lies of work and capital in the modern industry. So it is very good but these questions I am talking about are still bothering me about the legitimacy of Guinness
