"Rescue" is an example of the dead of any amazing films from "70s". When your jaw dropped during the movie "Terminator", do you? The truth is holy? I don't think so, because you have a hook to see what the new CGI is combined together - not the plot of the plot. Many daily circumstances can be frightening because there is no reason, because there are so many people involved in everyday life - like a trip to the market ..... or walking down a light road. "Redemption" is very fearful, because such innocent actions can turn death into a heart attack. Insert into the backwoods is cool in fun? Anyone who has such a view does not read the newsletters, see the daily news, and has not seen other movies that show the "error" in places that are not welcomed. It is not possible that an early dish on "Rescue" did not inform you about everyone who saw it was not a picnic, and "run like a pig" was not part of "Remove Banjos". <br /> <I hate the word "hillbillies", because - like some "users" wrote - which despises all regions of people who live very much as they know - without interference with modern life. Much is done in "inbred" - which is not the only sex for backwoods. "Chinatown" should teach us the lesson. However, the people of the city are very dumb to enter a closed society and give them a glance. I know a lot of "hillbillies" - it's moral people, when they left themselves. Their "rights" may be brutal when they feel threatened or tortured, as "right" on the streets of the city. They do not need any part of the city - the city should take on motorcycles and camps in legal areas. "Rescue" was the last film I found Jon Voight doing nothing - I hope I'm wrong. He had a very high price for "Midnight Cowboy", because it was not known, but he showed that he could do that role in a drop of hats. His work in "Rescue" was very good. It has given us a clear show ordinary people can move mountains, if necessary - but who wants to be considered as "normal" today? His elephant was beaten during the evening meal. Wow! for Reynolds Burt !!! What should a person ask what led him to other films? His splendor, though it was not corrupted, in this film set the momentum of great patience to make it from the wilderness - not only in the backwoods, but the desert of daily life. Beatty Ned was stellar - his underwear could be "Versace" emphasized on it, but his shell-shocking performance was perfect. As mentioned, he gained more power than any group at the end of the movie. Ronny Cox played a moral youth for hilt - everyone should have his intention to do what is right. Several "consumers" claimed that he was shot, or lost his balance when he hit the river - my theory was that he had broken his whole journey, he committed suicide. No gun was heard during the area and see and Beatty didn't get a wound. James Dicey certainly knows how to move the story to emphasize, and it was as good as sheriff - it was said he was very scared of acting he came to drunk every day. His behavior may see the three-rs sea were guilty of living, but they also knew they had no chance to resist the jury of the people, no matter how compassionate they were in "Aintry". He was also aware that a local user might be cruel. Right? - "don't come back here again". Many users "knew" hillbillies "were used in films where it is possible - what actors can show them better?" The people of the mountain "WALI were mountain men ....... <br /> <br /> Each of these films was The perfect - of course it was risky to play. The best "battle-to-your life" in. I've found the closest and dangerous events, and I have to live out of deception - you feel that your fierce husband can have my part. > <br /> That we were completely killed - and we continue to make these uninhabited places of this country uninhabited. To see its size in any media is wondering, but it leaves a bitter taste to recognize others do not care about it. , it is a perfect example: built up to the district for wild animals, and believes people come before animals. That is their right home - we have to let them be just that. walk in the suburbs? They are theirs. <br /> <br /> In another threatening way, we all need to learn the lessons learned from "Rescue" - to understand our development technology does not lead to leadership. I am grateful to all those who joined the city who went into the wilderness to produce this modern class, so that it might be afraid to lift when I look. You can have fun of risk - I will catch on TV. 30-out-of-10.
