Rescue is a movie of the horror / movie of John Boorman of 1972 about a group of four Atlanta businessmen (Burt Reynolds, Jon Voight, Ned Beatty and Ronnie Cox), who makes the ship's journey under the Cahulawassee River before the river is destroyed. Along the way, the raft (no planned pun) of things that are happening to men. Despite the negative events in this picture, Boorman takes the natural beauty of the river well. The area was well chosen. Indeed, this would still be a very good film to watch, so that the sea trip would go well. The lush forests and the beautiful surroundings only make the worst worse. Not only is a wonderful place, but also appreciates thanks to cinema movies Vilmos Zsigmond. It said that the performance of Burt Reynolds as external exporters, Lewis, is a star working in this film. I see however, that Jon Voight stole the show and his role as a member of the urban family, Ed, who is forced to change his behavior in order to survive. In fact, the area where you climb the peak was not an evil. It was Himself. To reduce the cost of concealing images was not insured and executives performed their own stunts. Voice sound is very important. Eric Weissberg and Steve Mendel's performance on the guitar and banjo as part of the Dueling Banjos sequence remains one of the most amazing part of the sound of sound in the history of the cinema for its great performance. In a number of other aspects of the film, we are recognized by more, a column, a banjo music that provides very good cooperation on the downstream trip For all the good points of this film, I have found it unacceptable for a purpose. It does not sleep well and is not really as bad as we have been led to believe. The mark itself is inferior and does not go anywhere. However, this film has good points to get my opinion. I liked it but for fans of the year, they don't have too much. There is no truth, in fact. It's not a very horrible film as an adventure film that turns slightly. Think like Rambo: First Blood meets Three Men in the Boat. Look for Charley Boorman very little like Ed's son. I loved this film, sound, movies and work exercises should be well worth 7 out of 10.
