"It's all for you, Ed?" "Now you get to play the game." The day my father left my mother, she took me to see this film with her new partner, the opening day of the Cinerama Dome in Hollywood. I was only 14 years old. I wasn't quite sure I was seeing it, but I never forgot, especially the Ned Beatty area. Looking at today, thirty-six years later, still giving me bonds. <br /> <br /> My father was a big fan of Reynolds of Burt, so the reason to stand in line for about an hour to watch what should be 'movie action'. I saw two films on Dome before this: "Grand Prix" and "Norwegian Words." This is not exactly Mario Andretti or Brady Bunch. After leaving the theater, I had a shell-shocked. But even at that age, I appreciated the skills ... and after seeing it again today, I was worried I was standing after witnessing very sad, but it's still a very good film. It is worth saying it is a terrible experience for a fourteen-year-old who has not kissed her first boyfriend. I don't blame my father for taking me, but it was too little for a child to witness. As an adult, I still feel that it is quite a concern, I am still very interested in the quality of films. <br /> <br /> Burt Reynolds as completely amazing, like all the rules ... from Billy Redden as an amazing guitar wonderful, for Ronny Cox as a vendor of fear insurance ... everyone does a good job. The sound quality is second and no, from birds going to interesting hours. Photography, movies ... all the technical features of this amazing film are the first level. The ethical questions raised, due to the murder of sexual assailants for the results of dealing with human killings, remain as real today as they did when this film was released. And the classic order of trying to live in the desert after dealing with such unexpected violence is a change of life. Four men, men of the city, suddenly faced a situation that they had never thought of, lift the bar from the terrible point. <br /> <br /> It's classic to be sure. And the phrase "has a good mouth" has been taken permanently, from Saturday night to the cuff view around the cold-water work, this film is undoubtedly a great part of our social culture ... such as "Make my day" or "I will return" previously. What would you do if you found your friends being sexually assaulted by guns and people of the mountain away from your life in the city, an attractive bed, wife and children? And if you take steps that Burt Reynolds did (and I would do the same) do you? Can you bury the body under recent lake, or stand trial and take your opportunities? The bottom line is: Rescue provides. You can take it to the bank. If this film is not available under your skin, then it is not man. Even if you have seen this before, rent it again and ask yourself the above question. My favorite part of the film remains the same: Ed can't kill him ... then change. Impossible life and circumstances can change someone. And I think that's what this film all about Jon Voight, in particular, like Ed, offers excellent performance here. And he continues to be one of the most talented actors in Hollywood history, from Midnight Cowboy to his less functional performance like Franklin D. Roosevelt at Pearl Harbor, his acting lifts the movie to another level. Growing stones during the morning, afraid and decided to make it right It requires a reliable appearance. I guarantee your heart rate will be stopped up to a new level. It is a beautiful, long-term, losing and brutal closure like a banjo string, this is a moral play that asks questions that remain today. Times have been changed, but our choices as human beings do not. Ten out of ten stars.
