When the movie is stirring you with an exciting, a chat room, and stimulates you with a throat and a wonderful movie, you just know that you have dropped on the treatment, the epicenter. Although many modern, very interesting movies like some are, those who really surprise you are the most powerful, and they are the most deserving and especially, the mothers and you for life. I say, proudly, that I am a fan of movies that breaks, not just horrible movies, but those who send out the holes carrying for the preparation. Film as Breaking and Failing, which sends your backs, and makes you think "holy desires, which can happen to me", and appealing to you, you're up with some of my favorite things on the film. Because I am only 21 years old, I did not live with actors like Burt Renyolds, Jon Voight and Ned Beatty, although I know them, I did not watch them grow up as actors, as opposed to current actors like Shia LaBouf and Justin Long. I must say, after a long wind and witness witness for the first time, I was very impressed by these former actors in a film made over the past 30 years, and still live in the worries of the modern cinema competition. Burt Renyolds plays Lewis, a selected optician of a group of four friends on a journey under a false river before the pool was made, filling the whole desert into the water. The character of Renyolds is a skilled player, non-fiction, and filled with machismo. His testimony shows a tough guy, making me think differently about him as an actor, if I have seen him as an old old seed or an angry politician. The director's dialogue gives his character an evil enough to be certified as a powerful and even dangerous leader. Ronny Cox and Ned Beatty play as journalists fighters, Drew and Bob respectively, joining the fun of marine trips. Migizaji who was very excited to see was Jon Voight, once again I saw him as an old actor, however, unlike Renyolds, I loved very much of the Voight (and I do not see Anaconda when I speak), for example the national film treasure. The viewer plays Ed, who, like Lewis, has experience in childbirth but looks like a more reserved character, hero hero / leader and certainly don't have Lewis' machismo. The film opens and carries four cars in a small town while begging to find someone to drive their cars down the river while climbing the feet and camping along the river. You immediately get the creepy vibe from the characters of the hill we are introducing, as a baby boy who plays "Dueling Banjo" the beginning of the film and the character of Ronny Cox of Drew; and more than two mountain people in rape and harassment films. As with all atmospheric movies, from this moment on, panic and confusion fill the characters with listeners and here we see the characters take shape and change the form. A marine trail that follows is a skilled shot and is from here men fighting against human odds and nature for survival. The cinema movie should not allow, and I return to this view on the area Ed is fighting with one of the men's basketball and the composite bow. If Ed strikes one with his arrows and his enemy approaches him, he blows his gun, just hitting the floor as he falls to the arrow on his neck; it was possible a large piece of film I saw on the film. By closing, Rescue is one film, whose fear and atmosphere carries feelings and this date, is still one of the best films in the history of movies.
