This is one of the largest films made. It's classic all the time. Characterized by Ned Beatty is faced with one of the biggest changes in screenshots that have been shown. He is a very useless, insignificant insurer. He is proud of his ignorance, and yet he judges "behind the hicks" being ignorant. When he congratulates an old man on his hat, and an old man responds, "you know nothing", "sound installed. It is true. Certainly" does not know anything ". His deceptive courage is greatly reduced. The old self is dead forever, remaining on the trees far away, soon being under hundreds of feet of water. And what about Lewis, our bold guide? Lewis is a philosopher / hunter / hero, and he is close to nuts. Burt Reynolds emerged as a backward actor in 1972 in this film, fully engaging in this wonderful role. Who did not want to have a friend like Lewis if someone could get involved in the accident / soon left behind the world as our uninvited travelers find themselves. This film speaks to us on many levels. Stories feel real. It works as a perfect action / adventure, with amazing movies, and deliberately, grinding horns. It works as a horrible film, and a dangerous and close surgeon to encounter bad rednecks that are looking for "climbing" Ned Beatty. But it also works as a film of art, using the amazing amount of signals to present the truth to our foundation. I've seen this film at least fifty times, and every time it comes, I see I must look at it. You should look at it even though you start to understand it. This is one detailed movie. This is one movie that did well. And this is one hell of the story. I gave 10 out of 10, and put it in all my 10 most popular films all the time, with the Schindler List, Casablanca, Taxi Driver, and Sling Blade, among others. Films that make you think. More movies than you think. Movies that use the text to make sure they do, without trying to preach to you. If you think you know Redemption, you can, but again, you might not. In fact it's good.
