Rescue is a wonderful thriller, everything as exciting as any good thriller should be but also stomach-churningly awesome. Although not a terrible movie, it is as horrible as any terrible ethnic film. Think of the fact that an ordinary red-colored man and enjoy summer last summer of any kind of civilization, just being captured and used by several violent hills, is indeed a bad dream of 99.9% of the number of people in the world. It would have been easy for Liberation to intervene in the area of ​​exploitation, but John Boorman has tried to avoid the attempt to go down that path and has made a follow-up film, questions and challenges of masculinity. For so many films, you come to heaven so you can get into the shoes of the hero, perform the heroic acts and save the day and find the girl .... but with the Rescue, you come to pray to God that you will never have to know what these four characters are going through. Four-city metals - Ed (Jon Voight), Lewis (Burt Reynolds), Drew (Ronny Cox) and Bobby (Ned Beatty) - enter the desert using a few days to run down a quick river- destroyed. Boys are running two, and Ed and Bobby don't know too far in front of others to get into the river and wait for their pals near the forest. Here, there is a defilement of two domestic animals (Bill McKinney and Herbert Coward), who closes Ed on the tree, while one of them blows and asks Bobby to tell him, on the contrary, “to sing like a pig”. Lewis and Drew have not been seen by Lewis, as a good player, kills the offender sometimes hillbilly is hurrying back to the forest. Under intense emotional stress, the four sailors decide to hide the incident and eliminate the area. But they find a river to be more dangerous to negotiate as they go up to the sea, and the risk of their lives increases as the hill goes on to pick up their shoes and guns from the invisible part on rocky rocks along the river. > <br /> Rescue is very powerful as a live story, but even more powerful (and distracting) as learning to view the eyes that burst and left in shameful tatters. Although all the exhibitions are amazing, one should focus on Beatty's efforts in the role that most executives could stop. The film is very similar to the 1971 foliage film - all films are associated with horrific sexual harassment in isolated areas, and in the final payment of the violence caused by the victim has no result of satisfaction. The backdrop of a harsh land in Deliverance is a good look, but it also adds to the tension by setting four canoeists in the environment where they are in the mercy of the hillbillies and landscape, and no one can rely on others rather than themselves. This is actually making film decisions at the end.
