You can set up a version of Charles Dickens "Carol of Christmas" with puppy socks and I probably look at it. When I was a child, this was one of my favorite stories. Maybe it's the idea that there is everybody good, and therefore no one is redeemed, which asks me, but for any reason I never miss a chance to look at one of the many screen modifications of this timeless classic when they are on television as indeed it is this time of year. What makes this version very clear is a great attraction that brings their roles. The verses we have heard several times in the past take on new power, and each character becomes more real and is believed in the hands of this wonderful fellowship. George C. Scott was elected by Emmy in 1985 for this role. It is by his eternal loan that instead of sleeping through this role shown in Scrooge, he instead gave a new interpretation that was, in my opinion, one of his most beautiful performances. Wisely he did not try the British impression, instead of giving his verses in that very popular voice. His scrooge is not just an old man (as shown many times), but one who is very angry about the world. Since he is visited by each of the three spirits, we understand how this fury came, grew, and finally destroyed his soul. Since he is obliged to examine his life, we see him making it softly, and then come back to unbearable difficulty. And in a very serious situation when he, stooping and crying in his grave, begs in mercy to try to influence the third spirit of his repentance and desire to change his life, we see a man who is completely broken and brought to his real knees and for example. Scott has made Scrooge quite reliable and human pain. Surprisingly if Scott's performance is, the collaborators of the collaborators contribute greatly to this dark beauty. Fred Holywell, Scrooge's nephew, is a good example of this. It is often displayed as a buffoon being affected, here is played by Roger Rees and emotional power from the original pictures. He pleads to Scrooge, "I do not know anything to you, and I did not want anything from you, why can't we be friends?" It is a moving operation, and one of the most dramatic events of the film. Even more is the performance given by an English actor Frank Finlay as a lover of Scrooge, Jacob Marley. In most versions of this story, Marley's area tends to be the lowest part of the film, because it is difficult to show someone who has died honestly, and the result is usually just plain (ooooh, see, it's a scary spirit ....... not!) In this version, maybe it's the most riveting area on the entire movie. Marley's door, like the lock on the Scrooge door open to them and the sound of the chains that move through the whole house, is very strange. But Marley's Finlay is not the soul of ethereal. He is a spirit of torture, provoking fear and mercy. Marley can be a spirit, but his anger and regret over life has lost on seeking wealth, and despair to realize that his sins can now be corrected, still human. As shown by Finlay, we do not have difficulty believing that even the blue Scrooge would tremble with this night's nightfall. Finlay actually steals the area here, the thing is not easy to do when it contradicts George C. Scott. And it just keeps on going, one of the most amazing functions after another, making it like you 'We are facing this story for the first time. Edward Woodward (note from the equator?) It is to turn the jovial and horrible as the Christmas Spirit Present. While it expands the popular line, "it is possible that in the presence of Heaven is more meaningless and more improper than MILLIONS like this widow" no longer a pastor of Santa Claus, but it is a repulsive angel giving Scrooge spanking much needed in words. Susannah York is a wonderful surprise of Mrs. Cratchit, and David Warner brings an incredible depth of patience with Bob Cratchit, a man who goes through life carrying three crosses of poverty, a sick child, and a master who cannot fail . His face in another way reflects his cheerful courage, and also, sometimes, his patience, during a bad situation. Later, in the Scrooge area shown by the Christmas Spirit, however, the family of Cratchit after the death of Tiny Tim's performance, Warner, without saying words, will make you tear.
