'Rescue' is a brilliant talent of a group of modern men who start a sea trip to a short and natural meeting, and instead they have to fight for their purity, their lives, and even their souls. Film has been well. Despite being made in the first seventy years, it will certainly not be particularly dated. It still has an visceral corners and iconic status as a post-'Death 'wonder of the sixties' philosophy-and-cultural shock. There are a few very effective films that can compare well, although the story of Sam Peckinpah's story would have to be there. Yes, there is a great debate and discussion about the film's reproductive film (which I cannot extend here) - and of course it is one of the most controversial events in the entire movie center - but what's amazing about this film is how interesting it is another time. This seems to have been overlooked (it still comes back to that understanding). The exhibition that takes the center of a wasteful river, is often very strange, and it corresponds to the film as, at a time of mildness, we viewers - with the characters themselves - are beaten in the wrong dream. The story of Redemption is appropriate for skill and power, and it is amazing how quickly events start from the point of introduction, through the crisis, and after. It all happens very quickly, which makes a very quick feeling for the film. The arrangement has been established successfully through opening credit. All characters are well fed despite the limited time spent on the previous story. We only know about the ignorance of the kind of men, like them and finally fear them all the time they go to hell. Conflict and abuse within the movie seems to happen anywhere, and the lack of logical logic. This is the author of the concept of James Dickey - that any romantic love on the "beauty" of a known human being can only die and when the morals of animals are greatly reduced. No denomination or bogeymen here. Haughty hills - as the only offenders of the film - are just ignorant, the cousins ​​of our cousins. They are shocked because their evil is small and tangible. Film has no peripheral characters. They both show something about the weakness and the point of Homo Sapiens's urbanization in the last 20th century, and both are real and realistic. Burt Reynolds is amazing in this film as gung-ho and close to the most reliable winner, Lewis, and it is embarrassing to think that he could not restore his short time of great glory in another period of his fight. -and-down function ('Boogie Nights' excluded, perhaps). Believe me, if not a fan of Reynolds, you will be impressed by its performance here. John Voight is a typical man who cannot be self-reliant, and Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox are all offering the necessary contributions. This is just a great quartet of actors. To accomplish, I must reflect on whether and when 'Rescue' writer James Dickey's 'To the White White' will be made. For those who loved (?) This film, TTWS is a similar story of the hard of the US Air Force struggle for survival after being hit under the Japanese continent during WW2. It is more than the presence of the presence of degradation and great destruction which is the trademark of Dickey, but it has all the exhibitions of a truly interesting experience, of movie poetry. There was a comment a few years ago that the Coen brothers could produce, but eventually it became free. Being a coen-o-phile is a misleading to think what they could get green light on TTWS, rather than their last couple of unknown efforts. To return to 'Rescue', it is impossible to imagine a cruel, non-violent film that is being done in these times, and that is a good shame. We, the public public, are poor for this.
