This story is told and restored and continues to be restored in every possible way. The eternal story of Charles Dicken has been restored every possible way to think. I agree I haven't seen the classic version of Alistair Sim and I am sure one day I will come but I would be hit if it touched even closer to this wonderful eight-year edition. I believe that if Dickens himself had created his story for this film it is. <br /> <br /> The story is known, I will not deal very much because everyone has seen it in one form or another. A rich, old, well-known, old man is visited by the spirit of his former partner and warned of his important ways. To get him out he is visited by three spirits, each of which shows a different view of his life and the people he deals with, past, present and future. When he saw all this before him he knew the fault of his ways in a great way and he tried to restore it to all the wrongs he had done. George C. Scott is completely, of course being perfect for this role. He holds the role of Ebeneezer Scrooge and makes it his own and creates a wonderful character. He is not an old man, but a man who has done something in his life that has made him bitter and angry in the world. There is mercy in him but he puts it under everything else and is very involved. Scott provides the role of perfection when it comes to Scrooge. It is not just a leading job to make this film but everything else is appropriate. This is the great epic of the British Victorian, Dickens UK is restored in front of our own eyes, sights and sounds and you can almost feel the strong wind your face and the smell of the market. Director Clive Donner is actively involved in this area and has not left anything in mind. I could watch this film on dumb and amazed by the environment. It's not a wonderful theme for se, but it's true. The film takes us from the market of high-class traders and the worst of poverty and everything in between. Some of the cast are held in their roles and brings their colleagues to live text. Bob Cratchitt, played by David Warner and all his family including especially young Tiny Tim played by Anthony Walters were wonderful. Every spirit had their distinct personality and added to the dark condition of this story. Christmas carol is not a lighter story. Dickens wrote this story in a dark time in England and is one of the darkest Christmas stories, it can be frightening, and it should be frightening to be afraid of someone who has been in trouble for many years in turning around. The story of the story is found in this film and is very frightening and yet the end uplifts your spirits and takes on the miracles of Christmas. The result of this film is also something that is described as an epic and great and good listening if it is a real score or a Christmas music, everything is relevant together. It seems that Christmas movies will be popular because I encourage everyone to see this Christmas Carol on all others. 10/10
