There is a scene in Dan in Real Life where the family competes to see how sex can finish the puzzle crossword first. The answer to one of the symptoms is the Murphy Act: anything that can go wrong, it will happen. This is the case with Dan Burns (Steve Carell, Office) journalist for local newspaper. Dan is a professional counselor for everyday life, however he comes to realize that things are not just perfect pictures. Dan in Real Life is amazing in making the worst of everyday life and succeeding in reminding the comedy, tragedy, and beauty of all. In addition to this film is very good hilarious. The death of his wife induces Dani to raise all his daughters alone ... every daughter in their basic stages in life: the first one tries to try her driver's attempt, in the middle one to her young phase , and the youngest emerges from childhood. Things translate to Dan when he goes to Rhode Island for family fellowship and reminds a wonderful woman in a bookstore. His name is Marie (Juliette Binoche, Chocolat) and he looks at the book to help him avoid unpleasant conditions ... which is exactly what is in the shop when they are healed in Burns Family Family. <br /> <br /> If you have seen Steve Carell in The Office or Little Miss Sunshine, you know that he can not match the comedic time with a very powerful actress too. Steve Carell is amazing in touching all the feelings that come with family life: frustration and genuine compassion. The family and the home itself provide a warm environment for a movie that differs from the internal problem that builds in the movie and eventually emerges from a spectacular peak. The film only decreases with some predictable results, but at the same time life is associated with destruction and predictability: which is irony in itself. <br /> <br /> Dan in Real Life is definitely worth seeing, with the sole joy of looking at all the trick tricks that we often find in everyday life, and I will enjoy the second time, or even the third. Just "put it on my tab."
