Marie: You are soft. Dan: No, it's not smooth. I am Dan. <br /> <br /> If you are something like me, smooth and one doesn't do together. You see someone you like, is not available as much as it can be, and you want to say something but you don't. Or maybe you say something but it is probably something that you have said in your life. So often not so, you retire from a distance and praise him without responding to what many agree is the only way to get anywhere in life? risk. You can't blame someone for having a little fear though. Maybe he has been burned hard before or maybe he tries to focus on all his energy on his work. There are reasons, some legitimate, not, and all can be interpreted as excuses rather than reason. You tell yourself you don't need it or not the right time for you but you still want it to happen. Any way to break it, is not easy. Sound known? If you think it's just a bit, then DAN IN REAL Life, a new comedy from the director Peter Hedges, is a must-see. It will reach into you and somehow manage and break your heart right away. Dan from the title is Dan Burns (Steve Carell), a consultant who is interested in his understanding to live a balanced, fulfilling and ethical life. Four years or so before the film opened to Dan wake up to his day, he lost his wife and love of his life. After the tragedy, Dan was left to raise their three daughters alone. Among these and focusing on his work, finding love again was not one of Dan's priorities. And so he worked more than feeling. Removal from the power of friendship, Dan does not know again what it means to be close to someone and resigns himself never know again. That is, until he meets Marie (Juliette Binoche) in a book and deal with a shop in Connecticut on the morning morning. They are the most common interaction, well and takes both away from the guards. There is only one problem. He has already seen someone. Unfortunately for all involved, that man is Dan's brother, Mitch (Dane Cook). His whole family has come home to their parents for their annual visit and Dan should now use weekly input and wanting to feel for a while with Marie that morning. It had an hour or so but it took a long time to arouse Dan's heart from his coma. <br /> <br /> With many members of the family dealing (Jack Mahoney and Dianne Wiest suitable), DAN in a real life comes from its great purpose from time to time. While the cyclone of children and parents and aunt and uncle make up for Dan time, Hedges also uses it in a misuse as a way of distorting, assuming that it will ultimately make the full film. Luckily, Hedges has Carell to carry a heavy load. It is a pleasure to see Steve Carell come into it more and more with every image he makes (despite the frequent negative circumstances of EVAN ALMIGHTY). He is a charismatic, charming and clear humorist sharp. Like Dan, he also despises, awkward and fear. Carell is a casual player who pushes to get a reputation in his roles rather than just dependent on comedic nature and a strong persona. Perhaps most importantly, he can be counted as much as Dan. If he falls into a towel in the laundry room where he lies down as an adult alone in this meeting or locks himself in the kitchen, he can not sit still in his worries, Dan is everyone who is not even sure of himself and feel alone in the crowd. Carell gives Dan much heart that he has the heart of the film itself at the same time. I wondered after seeing the film as I enjoyed it as much as I did, despite its slight shortcomings (Juliette Binoche? Did anyone find that someone else finds meaning and comfort from this film? I can't say. What I can say, as a person who knows what it means to be alone, DAN IN THE LIVING LIFE knows what it means to be surprised by the life and love and how these times and people should be counted and interested. He also knows that anyone who may be lonely for any day or for months at the time he needs to be reminded that surprise still happens.
