What? What can you say about Fire Flames? Amazing? Good? Horror? Hilarious? These words are not enough to describe the event that is the Fire of Fire. From around, from the beginning to the end, this film will be enjoyed around. Our game begins on the country's forests somewhere in the world. The family is hiding from unknown soldiers in the clothing store. When a father separates from mother and child, he gets a real sense of what kind of movie you want to watch. The father makes sure that he climbs the mountains in all his white garments, and it is honorable if he finds the people before driving them out, but the sheath, the father is given alive in what appears to be unsafe, stunt. At the same time, mothers and children are walking on the beach and armed soldiers follow up on 5 feet behind them. He also gives a strong warning before the action in a wonderful way "HALT!", And then reduces mother. This sequence of steps begins the fun of our heroes Bo and Ingred. So now we are about 20 years old (30 faithful about the age of a hero) to a good Turkey, where Bo and Ingred are sitting as professional thieves, or donors of diamonds, or something. Ingred works in a diamond mine where he joins goods, while Bo (well played with powerful Ginty) gives near to the desert in his dress. Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They don't seem to have any friends except each other, and they spend all their time together. That despite the fact that Bo has said his desire to sleep with his sister as evidenced in verses like "you know it's a shame you are my sister" she tells him while wearing naked, doing for a very powerful duo. Bo is then crushed when Ingrid was killed, as he walks to the Turkish beaches and his festive celebration of pink. Optimization of hope occurs when Bo finds a girl who looks like Ingrid, and gives her plastic surgery to make her like Ingrid. This opens Bo's door to sex with her sister without being wrong. Bo is a real fan of beautiful gray areas, and is very happy with his new love. So, there are many fun activities, ignorance of ignorance, doing good work, it is impossible to follow the lines of conspiracy, Fred "hammer" Williamson (for some reason), and a large chunk of dirty ice that is required to be a great crack (which explodes later). All these things are good, but the relationship with Bo and Ingrid is what makes this special film .... really special. So I encourage everyone to look at the glory that is the Fire of Fire. You can have the joy you did.
