The government that he fought to ensure his loyalty to the promised pension is very needed. The Ripstein report work is a good ode for all who, like Colonel, are faced with a violation of a stupid and complicated society that creates itself by rejecting citizens the way to live with respect and purpose. Unlike the lack of waiting for GODOT, the waiting cart for the arrival of his pension offers hope and importance to his otherwise sad life. Two things in the film run Colonel who is a player with Fernando Lujan; The hope that his military pension will come one day with the knowledge that his son, Agustin, died for good reason, other reasons except drinking alcohol on a beaten cockfight. It is impossible to identify the old, and to prove the end of the world, Colonel does the only thing he can do, put on the cock crack training of his son. The cock is now a hero who can bring fortune and justice to Colonel and his wife to breathe, but his fight to fight is that of the killer of his former owner, Agustin. In a new colony between Colonel and Nogales, the son of his son, Colonel is given by Nogales, a federal government agency, the equivalent of a full Colonel pension. But, this is blood money; hush money designed to hide the fact that those with authority have turned their backs on a man who fought against their political ideals, and hid the world that the son of a colony hero was murdered because he wrote to the bottom paper which favored labor rights by the person normal. With great respect, Colonel refuses to give to Nogales, takes his cock crack and goes as far as his old legs can carry. As soon as he is at home, Dona Lola, his cheerful wife, wants to know why Colonel refused money when both of them are starving. In answer to his continued question, "What do we eat until November (when the cockfighting season starts)", Colonel responds, "Shit." The disorder is the poor and worried they have been eating all their lives, and dirt is the food that Colonel voluntarily chooses to eat and honor, knowing that he can never sell his soul to those who offend him. Colonel is waiting as the only man of honor and power in the world without principles.
