After locking yourself in a variety of films made on old DVDs, I thought it was right for a good game and who is better to give more than Sam Mendes? For several reasons, "America's beauty" does not like me as this film is very simple that Tom Hanks has ever done and perhaps one of the most supported films over the last decade. For this it is not a simple story of football that has been raised from its novel graphic nature, and it's just amazing to look for it. And in spite of my unusual status for any film and the name of Tom Hanks on it (still can't look "Big" without wanting cats cut), I'm glad I tried this because this is one of those movies that you will isolate yourself if you miss it. Normal-clean-clean Hanks playing Michael Sullivan, a family member dedicated to the father of two children growing during the early 1930s. He is also a leader of the attack team John Rooney ( Paul Newman but has managed to keep his work hidden from his sons. But after his elder (Tyler Hoechlin) witness his father participated in the killing of the group, the two are forced to run as John wants to do it over. Recently, the father and child are followed by Chicago where his ill-health (the terrible law of Judah) awaits them. <br /> <br /> In his face, it reads like a good bandster but as I have said, this is not true about the gang even. It is about the relationship between the father and the child thrown together in a very bad situation. Hanks are (* grits teeth *) as good as a victim who knows that everything has its price and little Hoechlin is also as good as Sullivan's child. With all honesty, there is no one function that I could be more weak than others - thrown it pretty much done. As with movies and clothing (and not often I praise you to pronounce!) Which recreates the 30 and stunning effects. There have been many attempts to get everything right and pay off. This can be easily seen garbage - they agree that looking for 30 years was hard to do - but it is not worth everything to credit. Chicago looks particularly strange, locked by hundreds of cars from that time and filled with people in monochrome suits and hats. When true-traveling, even if a small CGI is needed. The story is also a winner, giving a human face to what is often seen as a kind of movie. The law is as amazing as a close-knit killer and proves that you don't have to be a Cagney or De Niro or Brando playing gangster. The film has decided to have a master-black, car-run and complicated disease-stricken illnesses, but at least the violence and murder are (ultimately) to have emotional and psychological effects on those working with those who only witness these acts. The whole thing is amazing for old age and past movies but it fades away from the past and repeats the modern story of liberation between Tommy-Gun ammunition and uncontrolled rackets. It may feel a bit slower in places, especially if you are used for a lot of guns in movies like many modern viewers (like yours) but sometimes, words can talk more than actions. Mendes has made a good follow-up on the beginning of Oscar, a film that is like mind as good to watch. "Road to Perdition" can be for everyone's taste but this is one DVD I don't have to exchange every time soon.
