After being sent out of the house and in the theater at a low temperature, I could not be more comfortable. The Destruction Path, led by Sam Mendes (American Beauty), is being one of the greatest movies at all times. Maybe I'm just starting; Maybe I've just seen the same theme and published regularly. But this film is quite different. <br /> <br /> Story opens with young Michael Sullivan Jr. facing the sea, taking into account the legacy of his father's inheritance - one of the best men to live, one of the worst. This unity becomes a snake all the way in the movie. This story deals with the leadership of crime John Rooney (Paul Newman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks), the young Rooney who came in and who now serves as "Angel of Death". Rooney is bound by blood to his own son, but bound to love and loyalty to Michael. Sand Michael Jr., exciting with stories that he reads, carries his father's car one night when Dad goes to "work" with Connor Rooney, the successor of the "business" of the family. Connor allows the situation to appear, and what it meant was simply a warning that it was a murder - witnessed by Michael Jr. After discovering that young Michael has seen what they should not see, the plot has been set as confused confidentiality. Recently, Michael Sr. runs with his young son, followed by the contractor Harlen "Author" Maguire (Jude Law). I will reveal more details to avoid any damage. However, I strongly encourage viewers to explore the many variations that appear in the film: Problems between children and fathers (Michael Sr & Jr., John Rooney & Son Connor), between the world at home and the world in "work", between good and evil, among those who pretend to be the people of God and those who are true, between "pure" money and "dirty", between the city of Destruction and Destruction as hell. And along the way, you enjoy the watchful eye of the cinema film Conrad L. Hall (9 selection, 2 oscars for better movies): rain shed fedoras, shots through mirrors (especially on entrance doors), tommy-gun flashes from outside shadows, no sound. It is not only the 75-year-old Holo who gave us the best of the movie's work, but 77-year-old Paul offers one of his best performances. have age. But I've seen a lot ... and this is clean and tight. Destruction Road provides a permanent and loving tax for the gangster type, 40-year films, and the darkest comic of incoming darkness, for criminals and heroes, for the American film in general. Go see!
