I thought the first movie of Sam Mendes, a much-respected American author was a film and a saving style, try until you saw his second anticipated effort, a gangster's 30th group not exceed the top ROAD TO PERDITION. Some critics have defended this new film as a worthy successor to MUNGUFATHER, a quick sentence made by several pensioners taken by Mr. Mendes' remarkable skill. If the filing mechanics of the film is what makes the picture good, yes, ROAD TO PERITION is a distant cousin for the story of what it is accomplishing in movies, editing, music and sound. What they do not have resonance that all the great stories and very rare movies that sit with the viewer after reading or seeing experience are over. Like the United States of America, there is a sense of cold, isolation to this movie, despite long-term incidents associated with human love, honesty and betrayal. This story of the man who was beaten (Tom Hanks) and his relationship to a father-in-law who is also his boss, the leader of an old Irish group (Paul Newman), seems to have had many old movie shows. The father / child motif that relies on this picture is heavy handed in his treatment that there is no great opportunity for shortage; The whole business has been done carefully, and almost all of the talk is given to the air of great clarity: this is a clear gangster film, so much of the violence and blood clotting, but the film does not close any humorous chat; only in events associated with a young boy driving a getaway in montage conversion edited there is any sense of heart sauce for the spread of penalties. <br /> <br /> That said, I have nothing but a high reputation for a good look at this film; In fact, it is not about saying that this is one of the most beautiful and planned movies I have ever seen. Former Conrad Hall Camera is possible to win another Oscar for his work here. Production sets and clothing are a good example; In fact, the whole film is wonderful technical. Mendes continues to be surprised by its use of color, and he and Mr. Hall also use a very large blood red blood cell, all of the most effective and surprising due to the delight of blacks, blues and grays which dominate the program. the color of the film. If I have failed to fully understand the task, it is not because the participants did not predict themselves; everyone in the film is a high score, and specify specific to go to the two bad guys: Daniel Craig is a classic "person you like to hate", a damaged child, the impression of Newster's father gangster; and the Jude Act is not known as a very good pastor who continues to follow Hanks with his son and the most important figure in the second half of the riveting film. But working in this film is good to take the back seat of the photo's fireworks shown here. If the Rolls-Royce was a movie, I would certainly doubt it as a ROAD for PERDITION.
