This could not be better. Strong barriers to Mike Sullivan's words could not be shown in any other way. Tom Hanks gives the best performance of his work. Young Tyler Hoechlin gives emotional wheel; play the basic character for the story. And the old elder Paul Newman gives one of his best practices for a long time. This film is based on a novel graphic novel by Max Allan Collins and Richard Piers Rayner. This is the story of a father / child that essentially employs two candidates who are not qualified for responsibilities. Mike Sullivan had no father as a child, so John Rooney took him. Although a generous person, Mr. Rooney was involved in organized crime. Therefore, Sullivan's debt had to be paid only in the business. Now, Sullivan has a wife and two children and tries to keep her children safe, but at the same time pay her master. Follow-up events, will test the trust of Sullivan and agree with the fate of his family. To deal with David Self, the discussion comes from time to time, but it is still very good. The story takes place in the beautiful 1930 landscape (The Art of Brilliant Art by Richard L. Johnson & Nancy Haigh) covered by dark rain (snow down) out. Running the story is a wonderful symbol of New Zealand's Thomas Newman, making it just when necessary. <br /> But the most important technical feature in the film is a beautiful picture of Conrad L. Hall. This is some of the best movies I have seen; and I watch many movies. When Mike and Michael were in the car, Chicago intervention is quite amazing. Shooting begins in front of the car, revealing Mike (Hanks) through the windshield. Then he climbs next to the car, to see Michael (Hoechlin) raising him and looking at the window of his side. As it goes, the trucks on the other side and the dollys back, quite around the car and the gorgeous scenic shows of Chicago's 1930 <br /> <br /> With the cast and massive staff, the man code creates a wonderful amazing film. I'm talking about Sam Mendes, who made his first film in 1999 and the American Beauty. (won various awards) Before the American Beauty, Mendes worked as a director of play for the British Theater, but decided that he wanted to move to say that nothing new for him in the theater. With only two films, Sam Mendes has put himself in my book as one of the biggest directors (in the list of approximately twenty-five). <br /> <br /> The film shines the kind of copper that has hits and misses and describing the realistic landscape. Photography, acting and stories are amazing. I continue to wait for New York's Scorcesee groups, but for now, I'm sure to say that this is the "Best Film Year". Considering the competition (Sign, Insomnia, Small Report) is a powerful statement.
