Why not more films (especially America) more like Meatball Machine? <br /> <br /> This is the first official online review review and I have been charged with "fun electronics" after being chosen "Rubber Machine" as my first effort. This is a review, so I will try to cling to the feeling and feeling of the gut. It means, this is one part of the creative work though it seems clear to the current TETSUO! Why isn't it all natural? I'm all these two films and though Tetsuo is a wonderful child of bitch, the Meatball Machine is far more likely and can stay without a great desire to indulge in a mental-minded drug change to define the importance of the film. The basketball machine is as described in the same story as in its blood pressure and gore. Thank Jesus for the Cinema of Japanese! Just put it, the last time my dream had increased with a vision of fear happened after watching a dream on Elm Street when I had 7 or so. I was able to see pictures in my dream language coming from the phone for a week at the end. This time (about 31 hours) my dreams were exciting and happy. <br /> <br /> In these bodies of human bodies are hosted by visitors whose sole purpose is to try and fulfill their ultimate body and human blood. Humans have to be cyborgs of meat to eat! There is more !!! Fighting events !! Great Music! Great-of-views Shots! Judging by the woman Cyborg (at least better than her male). The visible war at the end is better to look at ten or twenty times. Oh, and I forgot to mention the story of Love! Yes, I hate stories of love but this takes a cake! I can't wait to have more friends to watch this film just to see the answers on their faces. Unfortunately, I have taken time to write these reviews because I am afraid most friends and family understand the meat meat machine. The fact is America is generally not ready for the Rubber Machine. Finally, my wife walked when I was looking at the sharp fighting at the end and had no words. Usually says something like "why you look at that junk?" This time he had nothing to say. I was so happy! <br /> <br /> This is not a junk. This is not just SPLATTER (splatter for splatter is also great). This is my Art friends. The art of doing something
