This 1984 version of the classic Dickens 'Carol Christmas,' directed by Clive Donner, star George C. Scott as Ebenezer Scrooge. At this time around, the challenge for the filmmaker is to take the most common material and make it look fresh and new again; and, gladly to say, and this film The issuer not only met the challenge but passed beyond expectations anyone could have. He tells the story with precision and eye detail, with extra performances from its non-superlative actors, especially Scott. One can say that a clear picture of Scrooge - one of the most popular characters in the fiction of the story, ever - was created by Alastair Sim in the 1951 film; but I think for his performance here, Scott has now found that difference. There is sincerity and honesty in his Scrooge that it becomes even harder to think of someone else in the role once you saw Scott do it; just set, he is Scrooge. And what is the tribute to the gifted actor; being able to take a very well-known figure and doing it alone is a miracle. In fact it is a great pleasure to see the actor playing his business very well, being able to make a real character, from every word that speaks to the beauty of his face, making it all true. It is a thorough study. Other members of the cast are also good, but they should also be in order to promote the fulfillment of Scott's performance; and they do. Frank Finlay is the Spirit of Jacob Marley; switch, though not memorable, perhaps, like one with Alec Guinness (like Marley) in the film, 'Scrooge.' Angela Pleasence is a welcoming face as the old Christmas Spirit; Edward Woodward, grand and boisterous, and quite convincing as the Christmas Spirit Present; and Michael Carter, bad and horrible as the Christmas Spirit is still coming. David Warner is signing with Bob Cratchit, with the credibility of the role that is best suited to Scott Scrooge, and the cost of Susannah York as Mrs Cratchit. The real Gem found here, though, is the performance of young Anthony Walters as Tiny Tim; it is from the heart of pride without having a claim, and only one of the best interpretations - and true - ever released on the film. The best support includes Roger Rees (Fred Holywell, and also a film writer), Caroline Langrishe (Janet Holywell), Lucy Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Gough (Mr. Poole) and Joanne Whalley (Fan). Non-emotional presentation, this version of 'A Christmas Carol' sets the extent to which all others should be separated; regardless of the many versions you have seen, this look is like seeing it for the first time ever. And after eternity, whenever you think about Scrooge, your shape will appear to be George C. Scott. Appropriate and satisfactory experience, this film requires space in the annual schedule of holiday holidays. I measure this 10/10 rate.
