Wow ... I mean this WOW should be one of the best stories that I've had the opportunity to read / check. We all know this famous story. Two military businessmen, a man and his son, go to teach in the cursed Springs and when they do not ignore their warnings both fall into each fountain. Father, Genma, the fountain of Panda. At the age of 16 Ranma, the fountain of the water girl. Now for every mixture of cold water flows into itself the name of the fountain they entered. No, that's just the beginning. If being one of the strongest youth who ever turns into a woman was not enough, Ranma should deal with military and teachers of hundreds of styles of ignorance, the principle of secondary prostitution, right and left opponents. who have a mark of staying with Ranma cancellation is for messing up their lives early in some way or by "trampling" their loved ones. And talking about loved ones, I have lost tracking how often a boy or girl has fallen in love with Ranma. And not once it has been her fiancée, Akane. And that's just from the first chapters / first sessions of the series. <br /> <br /> The story itself is amazing. I've never come up with something that is mad, so it's amazing, so ... so ... out of this world and it's still under the Earth and reliable ... I can't even describe it in its entirety. Its just a beautiful story that is easy to enter. What I like about it is humor. Not once I cut this sound from the manga, and shouldn't try any of the stunts you would like to find in Simpson or something of the kind. I was able to read any part of the comic and I would like to laugh it from beginning to end. Another thing is the characters. Ranma, you would like to consider making him the most powerful man who will be restored but nooo ... and any problem the story is hit him is doing just a good job to live in half and his personality is of a stupid boy looks but when the worst comes the worst can be a count of count. And imagine, of hundreds of misguided in the show, Ranma who hates the idea of ​​all the miserable together is taken by everyone in his city, more by Akane, the worst offender ever living. His father, Genma, would you like to think of the father's character would mix and cry back? Right! But whenever he gets attention ... gives you more reasons to hate him yet with the same love! Do you think you know the worst dad from anime? It came to meet Genma. Ryoga, perhaps one of the greatest ranma rivals with my favorite character (near Ranma) ... and perhaps the only person who can stand. The most likely characteristic in the series but has two errors, one is his curse that makes him a child pig but his worst mistake is his lack of intelligence! Then we have ... you know, I could spend hours on the computer to describe all characters, stories, everything positive about it but that would be useless. See the series if you're 't, now! HASASEMEMA! Although I would like to consult the comic look out first. I love anime, but I have had trouble getting the price at a good price. With a small nitpick, the smell does not seem to translate to anime such as manga. I think partly because comic looks more cartoonish to me. But any way, win him win! 10 out of 10!
