First of all, Edison Chen performed a wonderful, reliable job as a Cambodian man, born and born in dumps and gladiatorial rings, where he respected his battery tricks so as to survive, live in the mantra or kill. In a role that had a few negotiations, or at least a few verses in Cambodia / Thai, its performance emphasizes, perhaps what should be in the Jet Li Danny dog, where one is beaten with the sole aim of fighting, and on someone else's leash. Like Danny Dogs, many things mentioned about anti-sneaky tactics are not stacked and stylistically, but they are made as normal, brutal fisticuffs, where everything goes. This probably brought a sense of reality and stability when you see the characters moving away from each other's throat, in protecting their lives while removing from others. It is a bad, angry and black film all in fact and for example, and this puts away from the usual run of the thickets of the necklace. <br /> <br /> Edison has a guns hired from Cambodia, who is a refugee in Hong Kong, when running from fighters as his pickup went to awry. Leading the expulsion is a team led by Cheung Siu-Fai, who can compete with a maverick member of the Inspector Ti (Sam Lee), who has been admitted and accepted in the team deals with his father's sins. So it starts the game of cat with the mouse in the dark shadows and shades on the side of Hong Kong. The story itself works on many levels, especially in the behavior of the beaten person, and the girl. On the contrary, we see in each character not black and white, but gray shades. And that person, we see his side of care when he finds a girl and promotes a girl's love (Pei Pei), with a sense of maturity, compassion, and revealing the heart of gold. The caterpillar, and the methods and issues of interrogation, make you wonder how a person would like it if he would like to do whatever it takes to get a job. There are many times interesting to question ethics, how to fight the hero, the contempt strategies taken. You will ask, what makes a person, and what makes the animal, and if we have a tendency to change sides according to circumstances - do you? We have an internal currency within us all, changing from person to dog, and dog to man? Dog Bite Dog finds from the beginning and never allow you to go to the end, though there are mid-way points that seem to drag, especially at the time of the tender, and also suffer from not knowing the end time. If I must find a place that is proposed, then it must be one in the market food market - very well controlled and delivered, the edge of the emphasis on your seat. Listen to the music score too, and you don't look if you hear the dog sounds. It is highly recommended, especially if you think you have seen almost everything from the type of police excitement.
