Despite being far from my expectations, I was very fascinated by Dog Bite Dog. I was lost without knowing much about it, but I liked being a karate / film action in the traditional traditional act of Hong Kong, which I am a dedicated fan. I got to find something completely different, which is not a bad thing. Although the film can be counted as such, and there is certainly a good point and hand to fight scenes in the film, it is definitely not the main goal. Its characters are very important to the film than its fighting, the most common thing in many Hong Kong movies. I was completely surprised by the bias of the characters and behavioral relations in the film. Leadership behavior, played by Edison Chen (who is very good), becomes more difficult at the end of the film than I thought he would be after watching the first thirty minutes. Police members also rejected my expectations completely. In fact, a clear and honest side of the police side of the police was very possible for my favorite movie. I do not know that I would say Dog Bite Dog completely reduces the conventional criminal concepts, good police, but in fact they deceive them in ways that do not appear on the film (unfortunately). Most movies, especially Hong Kong movies are available, show the police why they are really lightless ignorance. This is one of your favorite things about type. I was very surprised to see that Dog Bite Dog actually had some very unique, and quite realistic confidence, the idea of ​​presenting about the police. There are cases of dialogue in this film that I have never seen before, and I will surely see it again, and I'm sure I will remember it for a long time. Also, the perpetrators of crime are shown from an interesting perspective, there are some documentation of the Cambridge boys' film not more than ten being made to fight for death with their hands, which I thought was one of the most powerful films. It says a lot about why these boys are, rather than condemning them. Also, the relationship between the character of Chen and the girl who meets in the jard's junk reveals much about her character. It was not until this feature came into the film that I started seeing the film as an emotional experience rather than just one visceral. There is something big about the screen relationships that are not quite available to me, but for some reason this is true. Masters are doing a wonderful job with this role that I thought was not easy to play. Dog Bite Dog also has some pictures of the most interesting movies, although it is unfortunate rather than uneven. There was some time I really found the truth, especially in the last part of the film, but there was also a good work of camera work that was the same. Another problem that I had had the fastest, which I felt was not right. I have seen a lot of "looking for a boat" scenes to be slightly abandon, though it is quick to take after that. Action events are concise and not very much, but are powerful and powerful, especially towards the end. Fighting fighting is honestly not all surprising for the most part, though with its credit is solid and realistic indeed, but the real power is the emotional content behind the struggle. The last part, when it is no wonder of military or anti-choreography skills, is one of the greatest fights that I have ever seen, and I have seen several films of martial arts. I think the most important reason to decide if anyone will get a lot from Bite Dog is as you can connect with characters or not. All of them are some of the most miserable characters that are likely to see in any kind of film, but there is something of humanity about all that I cannot help but to attract and feel true to them, especially Chen. I should say that I am sure many people would like the film as I did just because I think that most people don't like it or worried about the characters in the same way, but I still recommend it the same. In fact it is a highly motivating and inspiring film if you offer opportunities.
