I gotta be straight - I haven't seen the film as solid as DOG BITE DOG for a whole time. I am a great fan of the "old school" late 80s to the mid-90s years of CATIII film, and I was hearing that that "style" of the film is making a bit of return with a film like this, and GONG TAU of Herman Yau (which is like this text has not yet seen ...), so I longed to give some of these recent wave of CATIII shooting. Did this film live up to my expectations? Indeed - but not quite in the style I thought. <br /> <br /> The story follows a young man, animal, knowledgeable person who cannot fail to walk with an unspecified history that comes to Hong Kong to complete a "message". Because of the unfortunate, he is known quickly with a copy of the roguish (who offers many similar attributes like our man-hit), and is taken quickly and arrested. This situation is not appropriate for a long time, as an uneducated pastor is rescuing from his refugees and shows the local police that they should not be taken gently. Hunt is over, and a game of cat-and-mouse between the police and "mad dog" (if the police call him) comes. On the way, Dog Dogs are not recommended by a young woman, and the relationship between the two helps her out of good condition. Ante continues to be raised as the focus of Mad Dog only is from Hong Kong to return to Thailand in any important way, and fighters continue to try to raise it in living ... <br /> <br /> I maybe Write ten verses on this hard film and deep, but I don't want to give away too far. I watched DOG BITE DOG know anything about the premise, and I think it's a kind of film that is definitely best to be loved that way. In comparison with ancient CATIII movies ... there are other things. DOG DOG DOG has some violence during the reminder of "good days", but not quite as sleazy or grimy as classical school class like UNTOLD story or RED KILL. Where the mainstream of the CATIII film's film was "terrible" - DOG BITE DOG is the most thoughtful and rounded product (although it should not take anything away from the CATIII film that I love so much.). This film is more "emotionally" than it is to use, and as we learn more about characters and their backgrounds, the audience begins to be closed and identify both sides. There is really no "open" and "bad" guys, like Dog Dogs shows during the tender compassion, and cops faced with an unorthodox approach to try the body out of the killer. There is also no magic / sex in this film, which is a typical character of the old CATIII film. Personally, I would like to compare more with DOG BITE DOG more to SYMPATHY of the MR Park. VENGEANCE or perhaps the BANGKOK of Pang's brothers is dangerous, because both films were mixed with many emotional emotions and strong and non-violent and violent. Again - there's nothing that I didn't like about this film. The actor is dead, the movie is sharp and well done, and the whole film with skill combines several different elements in a rare way. What? This film (and others like it ...) "born" to the CATIII film - not exactly - but it is a very solid film that fits best to look ... 9/10
