Those known by Asian movies, in general, are aware that Japan is known, or is unknown, because it is a powerful film with Korea and now includes films of violent films. Dog blows Dogs, when it is not necessary to get as bad-violent as the roots of Miike's roots, not to cruelly like some Koreas attempts to boast more, it is perfect among its brand of all that is its own. The greatest strength of this film has, though, the greater Japanese or Korean efforts, is that violence, rather than opposing the film, actually develops characters, if not, pushing the story forward. The two main characters are self-destructive individuals with emotional motivation for such as. Sam Lee's behavior, for example, is intense from the beginning and slowly and surely, among the encounter of Chang's character, has been revealed why he is. Without damaging this part of the story, it involves the nature of his father's values. Chang's character, on the other hand, has its respected human resources, if not perfect, brutal success. Surprisingly, the story of Chang's story, while not revealing the human side, actually shows the side of our natural animal that many forget about the natural ability to identify a broken animal (and I'm not talking about Sam Lee, instead of Pei Pei's dump). dump character girl). Finally, however, for the first 80 minutes or so, it is cats, more or less, cats and rats directly, or Dogs chase Dogs, a film that each encounters ends at least one death (seriously, once Sam Lee and Chang Square off , one person will die and the fun part of the movie never knows who hands will act. This brings us to one film weakness. Unforunatley entering into it would still have another spoiler but, just to put it, it is guilty of pushing one of the main points of the film since, rather then letting the point be like 80 minutes in the film, the film goes to another 20 minutes or so to insist more. Do not misuse, if it is best adapted from 80 minutes to the top and if the last act is not filled with sweet music (in fact if, like many films, you put music on a bit of barest and leave the effects of the disturbing sound working) , it would still have worked and not hindered the film. As is the case, despite the third act of risk and blood encounter, how to deal with the sensitivity, and close, insulted the intellectual audience because they felt that they had to go too far to find it. However, it is still a fresh air from the Hong Kong movie since even a lot of military films have not reached the level of evil and cruelty based on characteristic poetry.
