WOW. If you think the film cannot be tired in some way, then you have not seen the Dog Bite Dog. This movie is not eligible for a punch, and it is not appropriate to show very disturbing images. Like Salo, this shows us the destruction of the human spirit. It's gritty, dark, lustful and optimistic, but it is also one of the best films ever coming out of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The script is more than that, but it's not going to think it's incredibly clichéd. It is essentially about disturbing and obsessive detective in cats and rats, against professional and emotionless hit-man. When the script gives something new on the face, it doesn't give a lot of questions about the dark side of humanity. Is violence so important? What? Are we more or less people when we hurt a child of 5 years, without mercy, without regret? For its part, we humans do no less than a dog that is mad when we are blinded and angry, this is really sad. It is a topic that the director carefully examines, without underestimated. In addition to the cat and the mouse drives, the script also continues two different lines of story to the main characters. One is about love, and the other is about redemption. Even if the script is that new, still amazing written and keeps you glued the chair at all times. <br /> <br /> Acting is true, very good. Edison Chen as Hit-man is amazing; confirms that he is not just a good face. He is jealous, ugly and most beautiful. Sam Lee as the proposed soldier is also better. Help hold, briefly, is better. Music also deserves to mention. Most of Ben Cheung's recommendations, along with strong heart-stringed songs during the darkest moments in the film. The Yuen Man Style is also good. Overall, this CATIII film is highly recommended. very well paced, incredibly acted, wonderfully scored and just really good at the end of everything. However, as many said, this is not a movie for everyone. If you like strong violence then you should stay away from this. If you do not like to see a great weight in the film then this is not yours too. Finally, a powerful film, 8/10.
