It is amazing and highly praised how writers and directors continue to make beautiful movies out of one of the old and more (top) lines used on the movie! "Dog Bite Dog" is basically not just a simple story of the only brass chasing brilliant breaker, only Pou-Soi Cheang different from his film from others to be very violent and without neglect. Certainly this course is one of the grittiest movies and non-styles that I have ever seen, and the state of constant loyalty and characters who seem to come walking directly from hell! Even in the trilogy of Chan-Wook Park's revenge (except "Oldboy", perhaps) or any other wonderful Cat-III film released were as sadistic and brutal as some of the events shown in "Dog Bite Dog". Pang is a young pastor and a Cambodian fool who lives on many Hong Kong roads to eliminate the wife's chief judge at a restaurant. When the police arrived there, the young officer Wai sees how Pang quickly escapes from the crime scene and follows him. The first real struggle between two rain dogs is caused by a bloody bath, as Pang furious kills several hostages and even Wai's long-term friend and colleague. From that time it starts the game of cat and exciting rats with action between the angry soldiers and the professional killer. The latter also saves a little girl from the constant abuse of her father and sits with him in spill on the desired waste. What makes this unusual / exciting act of action (away from open violence) is the nature of the characters'! Pang, a man of collision, is a Cambodian orphan and has been trained to fight and kill money since he was a child. He does not know the obstacles, he is unkind and largely speaks the word. Wai, the army, came to be worried and innocent from his father-in-law (and also the copo) has been seen after a drug-related event. Lai do not question suspects and witnesses; he pleads and he is ready to prepare everything to stop the brand new nemesis. People with a weak stomach or tangled nerves are advised to stay away from this film, because the violence and shock that live in "Dog Dogs" can easily cause nausea. It is not the type of violence where the heads of blood and the selected heads are out of the air, but more like a sharp and horrible sort of thing that people try to crush their mental and physical opponents. The cinema is very effective and music and very musical music makes the most powerful movie even more awesome. Exhibitions are great! I can't be surprised if Edison Chen and Sam Lee acted like enemies on the film also, because they on hate and hate screens feel a bit too legitimate. "Dogs Dogs" is a powerful and unpredictable film, it was proposed if you can swell. If you are afraid you will not, just wait a few years for the inevitable remake of America which undoubtedly decreases with a little premise.
