Finally we have before us the movie of the Category III for the summer season of 2006. It has been done in the same part of the brutality, crime and passion, Dog Animals Bite Advantages of dogs are not only due to the right title, but also the simple direction, the best movies and exhibitions respect from many involved. Certainly it has to be infected, shown here in a different way, but DBD has all been described as a mature spirit that we like to see more in the most common HK. <br /> <br /> It also marks the return of Edison Chen, for a long time since the D debacle of the previous year. Chen's saved animation makes wonders for the film, but it would have found the opposite of Sam Lee, whose knack of converting between physical comedy (Crazy 'N' City, No Problem 2) and the daily risk has reached a role the most powerful 'You have seen from him since the making of Hong Kong. Together, duo makes Dog Bite Dog, and hopes Edison will find a simple break from now for the result: his touch to turn the projects from Princess D to the sage of Infernal Affairs, and still the most common event. Most often on the start, DBD shows some screenshots, making a good approach to shade, shade and view. Voice sound enhances this atmospheric effect, adding to the usual unusual conventional film of purveys. Much of the combination involved involves author Matt Chow, who was also involved in the third destruction. Dog Bite Dog has many features remembered from the project of fear, ie urbanscapes of rundown and the spreading air of something around the corner. Make sure, although this is not a horrible movie, instead of following the way forwarded by Nite's first Mongite, however from a distance of miles away. To change the behavior of Daniel Wu's amazing country to kill we have Edison, we play an unnamed murder machine from Cambodia's madness. To be sent to Hong Kong-way to implement one goal, a close-knit hunter works immediately at the time of arrival, a visible process showing the beauty of the film's brilliant pictures. Even though you have survived breastfeeding as a professional killer, the Edison's wild dog has still had human weaknesses and has left the way, it took the CID team sent to investigate. This meeting includes a good movie for movie-rock Lam Suet, and good support from the movie star Wayne Lai. However, Sam Lee Wai's sympathetic officer is in charge of the charges, exposing himself to a very stressful person but a very good man. Gradually we learn the characteristics of the Wai crisis from the police's police police, the expulsion of demons found by implementing the track that continues. The small body of the calculation passes, as Edison seems to consider no-no prisoners. There is quite a quotient violence in the shop, although the year for se feels toned down in places, and only adult language makes signs of appearance. Once again, there is no weakness, which causes a person to conclude Cat III is sent to these days quickly. Still, DBD's release of the exhibition size, and we are delighted to his arrival. <br /> <br /> Out of the fight, hitting, blowing and shooting, even a job killer needs love, and as Daniel Wu had Cecilia Cheung in Nite One, so Mr. Helper found a partner, done well with a new Peer Pei . His unknown character (an unknown vote in this one) meets Edison in an unidentified destruction, suffered by his father to the spiritual point and aspiring to escape. When the HK issuer, agrees to take him with him, and they continue to run together, the love that produces in a way. When the film does not interfere with the things of love, our hearts come from Pei Pei's bad behavior and his eternal suffering. He gives the protagonist the heroes but surprisingly surprisingly, starting with no good people or bad guys here, evicted by an exciting finale. The Portfolio Director of Cheang Soi includes the recent thriller of home and Sweet Home and the Love of War with Eason Chan, the probability of two numbers exceeded in many accounts and the sinful behavior of Dog Bite Dog. Cheang will be able to keep DBD flowing everywhere, and focusing on many parts of the play here, it stands at basic levels built by people like Johnny To in its season of Mission evening. Several couples come up, because Edison is performing miracles with chest, but these are forgiven. To symbolize the return of victory to two talented young people Hong Kong needs if we want a movie of a heyday city to return, dog dog is not suitable for stories. Its implementation is in the model and good style, is used by the strength of the modern muscle and the eye's eye to see and see finesse. HK has a long, honorable story of the evening story of the evening evening, the Dog's Dog Dogs stand in love, largely if it is not the absolute hub. * Rating * * * *
