Most reviews say that this is a weak step in the work of the short movie Hamilton. This film is a little different from others, and considering that better or worse depends on what you expect from the movie, and what you expect from Hamilton. <br /> <br /> Know Hamilton as a photographer, you may be surprised a little. When Bilitis looks like his books in pursuit and all those young girls discover themselves with relationships with each other on the edge of lesbians, for the purpose of linking these events, Laura concentrates on a few characters that will facilitate developing relationships between them (men and women, fashion designer neither) but if we see a beautiful picture, most of them better than its average, their number is limited for the compound. Tendres cousines are different from both, it's just a Hamilton movie that looks more like a film as a collection of image transfer. Because that could be appreciated by the broader audience of Hamilton's fans, look like erotic comics (but not German soft-based type - "Schulmädchen report" fans would be very disappointed). It will not laugh much, but it can be exciting (and that's something you have not often received from Hamilton). Unlike all the movie Hamilton age of the woman is different. Unlike the other characteristics of the main film is the boy. Unlike his ordinary work is not out of place and out of time. We have letters to live their lives, and their destiny and do not lead us just pictures from one to the other, from one female to the other. Unfortunately, Hamilton (again) gets lost with a document in his hands. Girls on the beaches, under the bath, in the lower rooms, in the garden, under the tents, in front of mirrors, regardless of the amount of clothes - this is their location, can call minutes and hours, and whatever they will always do to feel the eye of the artist and hand behind him. But he should give us an average of daily life stops being Hamilton and becoming an average director who just follows the script. Hamilton is known for its nudes, but it is only part of his work. And in Tendres cousines we have a back situation: its girls are not in the best shots. The situation, the garden, the house reminds us of the work of Hamilton (often ignored part of it), when girls, even during nude, have nothing special in the way that they give us. Perhaps Hamilton was mixed with the boy in front of the camera, perhaps he was thinking about the line that the controls you accept, maybe he was trying to do something new (and nobody dared to tell him not to), but he didn't care what he used for.
