I love David Hamilton's photographs of women without limits on the woman's border, sometimes interesting, although it does not get sex. Another person also loved them, because my books by David Hamilton were stolen. In one book there was a small picture of a little boy, obviously nude, next to a younger woman than he was, also an old man. Although it is clear, there was a strong sexual relationship. The new David Hamilton area that has been seen is still from the movies of Tendres Cousines or perhaps the pictures taken on the set. <br /> <br /> Photography is still unfortunately not automatically translating into movies. A positive attitude becomes out of focus and turning corners is confused, perhaps because, by course, they cannot be taken. You can see it or missing and no time to explore, understand. The movie is needed to be farce, and funny things happen, but it does "hang together," perhaps because the story develops slowly and one can wonder what is going on. Finally, 14-year-old Julien sleeps with his cousin, but it is the foundation of the soft, without any sexual communication shown on the camera. Since it is a horse, we have a desperate and shy girl found in the act of gag and, after finding it, Julien's father even gave him a cigarette to complete the experience. Rightly, the film is French and resembles a French film form, which can be very subtle for many Americans even for English heads to help us traders. It is written that this film is a child pornography and it actually comes from the weather today where sexual abuse of children is a big problem. No one with good sense wants to approve or appear to approve child sexual abuse, so there is no space left for children to be seen even in a more gentle environment without hurting the alarm on sexual abuse and exploitation. Youth will think "Lucky Julien!" even if they agree that having sex with children in the movie is “the worst thing,” all the time they like may be Julien at that time. Women, too, may have such ideas, but all these things should be influenced out of one's mind. Equally, negative thoughts have been directly related to children's issues and sexuality are subjected to severe stereotypes. It's not bad, since sex is a human experience. In general, children grow up to be like people like Julien. It is a subject of appropriate literature, movies included, but taboo under threat of sexual abuse against children. David Hamilton, I think, had the risk of making a film on this topic even in 1980. He was very successful in examining this sensitive topic, and unfortunately, we are not able to see better in the future for fear of child pornography.
