The only reason I give this 9 is that other religious actors of Tadashi players were unemployed. I think they were only children who had a good and useful age, but they were not taught well, and their events were a little hateful. I say I do not judge this by American standards because it is full of controversy and forms of equality that the Japanese culture agrees, and it does not detect the black-hat hat of the kids 'kids' children's trends emerging from time to time. For example, there is a wonderful time when Tadashi's small yokai band finds itself thrown out and abandoned by the other yokai, and Shojo - Kirun Herald avuncular - does what the Japanese struggling adults would do. Version: this will not appear on the Disney film. This photo also has a better product placement for beer you see in the children's movie. Earlier, there is a time when a school teacher hits several guns on his head and his attendance book. There was a TV business in Japan a few years before this film came out. It was a soil animation guide about a child who is sad and playing guitar and singing blues in his room. His mother asks him from the bottom of the fast. Then, a man gives him a bar of candy and is happy to sing with joy, but his mother comes and tells him to switch again and give him a mud dope that leaves the hat on his forehead. I say this business, because it was considered strange, and I didn't feel anything at the time I was. There is more blood and physical violence on the screen in the "World War Yokai" than a person who can get on the Disney movie. As a parent, if this was a U.S. film, I would have weapons on such things, though not necessarily the moral lessons made at the end of the picture, which, in fact, is also not black and white. Since it is a Japanese movie, I admit that cultural norms enable pictures that cannot pass the standards and efficiency in the production of U.S. However, I would like to be less anxious to take young children to see without giving them some kind of pre-display and / or after a discussion about violence and other distant things, or I would wait until 'an elder show them.
