I last night I was excited to see the BUG's film on the Florida film and I would say it was a real treat. The directors were there and performed Q&A later. The movie begins with a hitting boy HIM down his foot, a man who is nearby parking his car sees a smash boy is and running a child ask why? why? What? had to kill a living creature? 'in his rush to counsel young people of his way, the man refuses to pay his parking meter, which begins off the entire sequence of events associated with people even less related to him, some funny, some sad, and some ignorance. This movie has a lot to laugh, Lots! and there are many executives who will recognize. The main actors who stood out in the film for me were: Jamie Kennedy (from his comics to show Jamie Kennedy Experiment, play a lucky author cookie, John Carroll Lynch (a cross-dressing brother Drew on Drew Carey show) play animal Love boy who can't get the right, Brian Cox (Hannibal Lecter's original Manhunter) who plays the germaphobic owner of the Donut Food and Chinese Food. There is one line where Cox tells his chef to remove the pig's blood on the sidewalk by saying "cleaning" that is quite funny especially because of the cox's "obsessed with insects" when the funniest in the film comes when the boy imitates his father, who heard earlier the day yell out 'MotherF *****', while in class. another very funny and surreal The area is when Trudie Styler (Mrs. Sting himself) and another actor performing scene access cable show, from the boy film in the bubble of plas tiki. Migizaji who joins cable access show is just amazing he is great and impatient with his performance as both a doctor and a boy in a plastic bubble is enthralling. There are many good and beautiful actors in this film and beat it under a month and a $ 1 million budget, directors Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi (who are business monitors, after writing good / nice things with Tuxedo talking about Jackie Chan) have come to a film that it is beautiful, beautiful and beautiful.
