Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most popular duo of the comedy in history, and certainly so, so I'm glad to see their films. Professor Noodle (Lucien Littlefield) is close to the completion of his recovery formula, and the ability to turn aging, after twenty years. Ollie and Stan are the pit of the chimney that comes to do their work, and very soon Ollie wants to leave Stan and make mistakes. Ollie goes to the roof to help her with the other end of the brush on the chimney, but Stan in the living room takes to push her back into the bed. After breaking the expansion, Stan gets a chance, a rifle loaded, from the wall, and of course he burns. Stan goes to look, and Ollie, standing at the attic door of the roof, falls into dirty. Stan asks if he hurt, and Ollie answers only and "I have nothing to say." Ollie turns on the roof, and she and Stan stop on tug and pull the squabble which ends in Ollie to fall down and destroy the chimney. Ollie, innocent, in the fire is hit by the head and many bricks that are happening, and Jessup pastor (Sam Adams) is covered with chimney smoke, oh, and Ollie still has nothing to say to Stan. The boys decide to clean up the mess, and when Stan climbs the rope and shovel, Ollie asks "You can't do anything right", and Stan answers "I have nothing to say", to get a shovel hit his head. If Ollie has a Stan bag to connect to the ashes, they are concerned with painting on the wall, and the ashes continue under Ollie's trousers, so Stan gets another head shot. Professor Noodle has completed his form, and makes a final test on the duck, and descends on the water tank, turning it into duckling. He also shows the boys his effectiveness, turning the bathroom into the egg, and he also suggests using a human lesson, that is, his caller. When he has gone, the boys decide to explore their own form, but Ollie ends up with Stan's in the water tank and all the form. Finally, once Ollie comes out, ape, and when Stan asks him to speak, all Ollie ape says it is "I have nothing to say", and Stan hits. Filled with a wonderful slapstick and all the classic comedy you may want from black and white film, it is an enjoyable film. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were the number 7 on the Competition Players. Very nice!
