This is the amazing pleasure of Laurel & Hardy and something of a sense of division: sometimes it feels like two films made in different styles printed in one short. Happily, every part is surprising for its own right, and the clowning of men who seem to be struggling to carry the day and makes the distinctive aspects of the film a recreational material. When I have never heard a fan casting the work of DIRTY WORK as its favorite comedy Laurel & Hardy, it is however that everyone seems to love it. Our story has been installed in the house of Professor Noodle, who represents one key element of the story line: the highest island of Mad Scientist events. This signifies a common project in the area of ​​Sci-fi for L & H; Abbott & Costello and Three Stooges were beaten by mad doctors more often than Stan & Ollie. In any case, the professor is involved in creating a revival serum that can make young people, while his ignorant pastor, Jessup, describes the observer's concerns and the full and frequent dry eyes. At the same time, Stan & Ollie are the filmmakers of the chimney that reflects the home of the Professor that day he explains his solution. "Their part" of the film has a blow (but the first level) associated with the chimney, roof, sticks, and a number of unfortunate salaries. If you aren't happy to see these guys work then you might not like DIRTY WORK, but for the fans of this movie team is a feast. The view comes when Ollie is blowing through the chimney, climbing the fireplace, and then it is hit by a brick that falls on its head with physical accuracy, straight. I also like the shot of Ollie in the stomach off of the dirty roof; The process of the process is slapdash I suspect was the object of internal jokes, the W.C method. Farm movies may have the worst screens of the past world. <br /> <br /> The slapstick equipment is a great pleasure, but it is a madif scientist who makes this film a sequel, and two deserving players deserve a bowler hat: a good actress Lucien Littlefield is as bright as a professor, giving her lines up with fun and cackling with hammy glee, while Sam Adams are sewing in the bottom of the role showy Jessup player. Like Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were their bosses, it is always important to consider that their help comes to Hal Roach's studio and gives them their great power. So, usually, the original music of Le Roy Shield, but the work of DIRT shows a typical event from the comedy of the Roach comedy does not guide music at all after the opening of credit. Music music can strengthen the case, but it does not matter; this is a very enjoyable comedy, and a great example of what made Laurel & Hardy very popular in their day.
