I got this film for the first time when I was looking for a job in the witch Stéphane Rideau was involved, still in a fantastic pleasure that was caused by the wonderful "Les roseaux sauvages" pleasure (in Portuguese, Juncos Silvestres), and André Téchiné. I was looking for similar movies, during the age line. I saw "Presque Rien", a movie where director Sebastien Lifshitz surprised us with joy, and received a selection of the Cannes festival in 2000. The story is about two people, a kind of "boy close", Mathieu (Jérémie Elkaïm) and Cédric (Stéphane Rideau), who meets during summer holidays. In a country far from where he lives, Mathieu uses his days on the beach with his sister. There he meets Cédric, the host, who begins this relationship with the manifestation, through the physical and deceitful behavior that Stéphane Rideau gives to its characters, (in "Les roseaux sauvages", a 6-year-old, still retaining a lack of good fraud. , the witch climbs here experience). An example in the lead, in a fascinating sequence, in the closest definition of the confession being made about boys first faced her sex (still unknown) and great love. The first love, in its terrible development of despair. The best of the film is the best of France: great enthusiasm, hot flashes and excitement, the color of the color of the color paints of colors, the simple beauty and the usual made by the family, although not the first surprise and anger. . Still, there is a beach, light, wind and humidity of summer, a strong wind of sound, a widespread sound, and an enlightening eyes of Elkaïm (an angry, hurt, amazing, enthusiastic). Sex is not prohibited or used, it is treated as it is, without the intent of the exhibition. Because of the pure talent, this is a drama of an unfamiliar quality, without a sense of cheapness, showing a true picture of two homosexuals in their youth as a normal person, though he has a social fear of rejection and shame. It is worthy to be seen, especially for those who worship French movies (although the front of the DVD magazine is very low, with two actors in the middle of the tens, and burned with brilliantine). The wizard of the film, in my opinion, deserves 8-9!
