I agree that the movie is a little slow on advertising with many events of everyday life and no conversation. And I wasn't impressed after watching it. However, after a few days, I realized that the movie stays with me and promotes an unpleasant feeling that continues in my mind. Thanks to this movie grows. It is certainly worth considering more than those movies that can be forgotten immediately. Many have commented, when the movie has not yet been and it is a symbol of creating a European film against the standard story of which Hollywood likes. I don't know if it is true or not. Many also do not like its structural confusion and lack of clear information. For these viewers, I don't think there is much that I can say to change their views. However, for others who have not yet seen the film, expect to be challenged and do not expect the film to submit all the answers and you can come off to enjoy more than you would otherwise. <br /> <br /> The movie jumps almost slightly but actually the event is only 3 times. Beware of hair style and you can easily eliminate 2 times 3 times. Also not as confused as proposed; Just enjoy and all will be clear at the end. Yes, many things are left without authorization or not displayed, and most situations are not used. But what is life like? Most of the time you cannot be sure of your friends / loved ones unless you meet them and even then, you will never be 100% sure if they told you all the facts. This kind of movie encourages us to translate the reasons for actions. However, the movie leaves enough ideas to make good ideas. For example, Mathieu is the pain of the manicia, to the point of suicide. Why? I don't know, maybe his life doesn't do exactly as he expects; perhaps she lost her family but did not forgive her father for leaving her sick mother when she needed it; perhaps after all offering to Cedric, re-renewing and in fact, losing his life with him, he knows that all "coming is spoiled". I think the director wanted to show us that he has always been a little farther, fragile ideas and w / a dead bird. Maybe he has a very sensitive psyche and all these problems are taking money on it. But we are also shown that he is not a physiological animal for his mutual love w / cat. Also, there are two discussions between the doctor and the Cedric that shed light on the cause of the break and perhaps suicide attempts. The doctor tells him if everything is all right, and Cedric thinks even though he lied to Mathieu once, but that's not, according to Cedric. Is that the only reason, we don't know, there are others, all mixed together. Is it important that we know exactly what? I don't think so, for this film. Another sign of the sign that they finally are not parallel is the area of ​​history of ruins. Mathieu is willing to read the destruction, Cedric is not. He is one of the hormone that smokes which only considers the physical side without the mind of which Mathieu needs clear. At the end, the end is really hopeful and sweet. I was shocked to turn to the events after the right tone around the end. <br /> <br /> I have two DVD complaints. One is the voice. It's very soft. I had to beat the volume to hear the conversation and then to play on the bar or outside the crowd, it was too big. Another is that the heads cannot be extinguished; they sit on the screen. Many foreign DVD movies are not published and a large label is shoddy in this way unfortunately.
