The first love is a problem-free problem in the movie: all the enthusiastic interests are generally enduring like coloring or, worse, a bit of ignorance. Lifshitz manages to avoid all blows and offers a moving story, of sexy, highly concentrating of love, disaster and possible liberation, while tangentially touching some of the deep themes in the existence of humans. The basic story is Mathieu, 18, a boy who has met Cédric, a brasher, who is finishing but alone, during the holidays with his family. If the summer decreases, it falls in love and, during the last holidays, decides to live together. A year later, that relationship is nearing disaster: Cédric checks on Mathieu who, sad, tries to take his own life. He lives and, in order to get back to his life he returns to the sea town where he first met, this time in a cool winter. <br /> <br /> If the story was told if this would not have a great effect: a lot of these are meant, all happens not sequentially. Strategic description is important to get a deep sense of affected desires, through counterpoint and time view. Fortunately, the third line is used (summer love, mental-health hospital after the closing and winter construction) is a printed color: yellow and orange yellow in summer, it is blue with fear centers The hospital with light brown and blues for the winter sea. All major executives put the best performances even though it's fun to see Stéphane Rideau (Cédric) with its full potential (I am more than to see him below - set in Gael Morel's worst games), Jérémie Elkaim (Mathieu) deserves special mention: you may feel lonely, then his lack of courage, then his behavior fell behind the wall of the apes. Positive signs have far gone far beyond the discussion. The scenarios affected are very close to the French movie: our problem with understanding what a person feels; our trouble in speaking fully; the turning of sand? The name of the film "Presque rien" (Almost No) describes all this and indeed for one of the most important events in the film: To try to understand why Mathieu attempted suicide, a psychologist would ask Cédric if he had ever cheated on it? "No, why, once, but this was not" (No, well, yes once, but it was nothing). Cédric still likes Mathieu? took him to the hospital during a suicide attempt (not one of us saw) and he tried to contact him immediately when he was leaving them? but he can not understand that he has lost him forever, because something that had nothing to him (something trivial) is nothing to Mathieu. When the film is blacker than the Pierre and Gilles' bad luck will say, not hope: we find Cédric's slow, trying to return to contact with life, first through the cat she adopts, then through the work at the local bar and finally contact Pierre, who can be his next love. But here the story is approaching: youth enthusiasm, more than a year, another perhaps beginning. So what was it? Welcome Something? Certainly not when you live?
