'Presque Rien' ('Come Undone') is a preliminary work with author / director / Sebastien Lifshitz (in partnership with author Stéphane Bouquet - a team that gave the future 'Wild Side'). When we come to understand the nature of Lifshitz to write every story his work becomes more valuable. By letting his love and lightweight stories have been revealed in the same style as the layout found in the minds of young people who are confused and uncertain - now, the past, the time considered, the time being considered, when alone - Lifshitz makes his stories more personal , which includes the viewer and every aspect of the response of the characters. It takes a little work to open its way, but to go with its technique draws us to the film. Mathieu (good and talented Jérémie Elkaïm) visits the sea for holidays, while allowing her mother (Dominique Reymond) to fight with her unknown illness, caring for an earthly and wise Annick (Marie Matheron) and accompanied and Sarah's sister (Laetitia Legrix): Their distant father remained at home for business reasons. Putting in and out of the first film time is Mathieu alone, looking sad, driving, talking to someone in a small record. We are left to ask ourselves if the ongoing action is all memory or modern action. <br /> <br /> When the sun on the beach Mathieu sees a beautiful boy of his age with a star on it, and we can feel the feelings of Mathieu around and confused. Cédric Youth (Stéphane Rideau) follows Mathieu and her sister at home, continuing the mystery of gravity. Recently Cédric approaches Mathieu and the introduction of mildness leads to a kiss that begins a passionate love. Mathieu fears the direction she takes, refuses Cédric's public approach, but continues to seek out for import. The two boys are in the sense of being in love with the decision of the physical aspect of this relationship, so it is very important to understand this story, is shared by the audience in some of the most scenes of the world. Even though the summer keeps on Mathieu, a volunteer student knows that Cédric is a drifter who works in a celebration position. It seems clear that Cédric is a lover of Dionysian while Mathieu is Apollonian one: when telling the destruction of architecture Mathieu is amazed by the beauty of history and space when Cédric loves just a place as a new love to love. Mathieu is a tough man, dealing with his family relationship caused by a serious illness with an absent father, fear of sexually transmitted sex, and his desire to sink to Cédric. Their happy time is confused with Cédric's credibility and the lack of capacity of Mathieu to deal with the issue and ultimately share the way. As time passes, family changes are made, and Mathieu deals with depression as well as a suicide attempt. The way that Mathieu can cope with all these challenges and find comfort, in a very strange way, in one of the former Cédric Pierre (Nils Ohlund) lovers brings the film a perfect but fully successful. After watching a video of a sense of identity and these characters are so powerful that the desire to start the movie from the beginning and the full story of the story is powerful. Lifshitz has given us a film of meditation and passion, the struggle and passion of passion found in love, and the quiet film of silences and reveries that are not found properly. The whole cast is good and the direction is gentle and stimulating. Lifshitz is certainly one of the most bright films of the film. French and English English titles. Highly recommended. Grady Harp
