"Come Do Not See" seems to create a lot of comments among the contributors on this platform. In fact, it is a film that proves to take the life of homosexuals, as many viewers are expecting and somehow, it comes out of that promise with a view of the young person's life. Film has a way to stay with us even if it's over. It is a characteristic attitude about how a young person is involved in a relationship with love with a very different person and, at the end, will leave Mathieu confused, hurt and sad when things do not work according to what he wants that relationship will be. If you haven't seen the film, you probably would like to stop reading. Sebastien Lifshitz, the film director, told his story from Mathieu's View. Many viewers seem to be confused with different times in the film, but there are some tips that are not clear, as one can see, in return. Stories are told in changes that can add ways that other people will watch the film. This is a story about the passion of love Mathieu saw by Cedric and the ultimate breakdown with their lives together. First of all, Cedric, the best of local youth, follows Mathieu until he succeeds in persuading her to love him. Mathieu feels the attraction for Cedric too. We know how all the young people are different from Cedric's way she tells Mathieu's family how she feels that the school is not her. On the other hand, Mathieu, who wants to be an architect, gets the beauty in the place that Cedric has taken. We look like Mathieu, reading from the manual, wants Cedric to look at. When Mathieu comes to her mother, she tactfully tells her about the importance of continuing her work. He also says on what the future both will be together, which proves that it is true. Mathieu apparently learned his lesson, the hard way. He keeps the life of a point with Cedric and tries to take his own life. We look at him in the hospital talking to a psychiatrist who has taken his wounded soul. <br /> <br /> The last can be a concern for many viewers, but there is time in the film when Mathieu is going to work on a bar where we see him washing glasses and looking carefully Pierre, a young man who hits a bar. That's why when Mathieu is looking for Pierre at his home, it seems hard to imagine. However, we have seen how Mathieu's way appeals to Pierre. The last place on the beach, while Pierre and Mathieu seem to pass through the sand, they hope that things will be better for them if they look at the little boy, seemingly lost, but then realize the father is near. <Br /> <br /> Jeremie Elkaim makes Mathieu one of the most characters in most recent films. This is a young man who is difficult to understand with a simple level. Mathieu has suffered a lot, first by separation from her parents, then to her mother who has been reduced to losing Cedric. Stephan Rideau, who has been seen in other French films, is very good, as an unknown cedric. When you "Do not miss" you will share the views, the film deserves to look because of controversy and service Sebastien Lifshitz gives the story.
