What a wonderful wonder, sometimes little and bulky, big-budget fantasy this is. Takashi Miike had already confirmed, when he came to the Yokhai World War, that he could enter the other film away from his crime / yakuza type (Alien Q and Andromedia demonstrated this, who was the last supreme). But here, Miike, in her first and special credit writing loan, proves that she can offer products on modern sophisticated soups of fantasy, and with the difficulty of CGI, the effects of creation and make-up, and the epic battle which is like a "festival" than the Lord of the ring. Comparison can be made away from the wider, sure, and more obvious by jumping up will be Miyazaki, with a unique combination of children-like-heroes, witches, powerful magicians who want world energy as a major source, mechanical as evil great, and many creatures described, flamboyantly (or Yokai's) head. But it can also be compared to Star Wars, especially in Gungan's battle in TPM, and with the full force of play between good and evil and the same forces. Or for anime as Samurai 7. Or, of course, for the Henson film. And by means of all these comparisons, and even in the wrong way or more of the time, it is Miike all the way to the effects of harm and characters. Here, Ryunosuke Kamiki plays Tadashi, a dedicated child who starts a gullible and sensitive kind of things on earth, but he will be a hero in the world going dark. Darkness comes from an evil sorcerer, who gets its power from the wrath and all the pain in the human world, and who begins to kill the soul and other creatures, Yokhai, in the fire that sends great robots that has only one message - to destroy and kill anything in their way. Tadashi gets pumped up to fight Sato witch like Yokai once minion of Sato and a group, Agi (Kill Without Chiaki Kuriyama, another famous citizen) stole a friend of Taryashi, Sunekosuri. Recently, things come to the head, to the peak that brings to mind many films and stories, but it can only be contained, to step, and Miike and its staff. I would probably like to recommend the Yokai Supreme War for children, but in the foreseeable fact that it is not some fantasy that dropped down in the US circles. This has a lot of creatures, including a single umbrella, and a walking wall, talking, not mentioning turtle, snakes, and a woman who was cursed by Sato. So that type is up to that end, and one can almost feel like the organism and the effect - which grows at an unprecedented height when the "festival" faces Yokai reaching hundreds of miles in the spectrum. But there is also a sense of fantasy to be established in the light and darkness, and Sunekosuri becomes perhaps a great emotional instrument in the disappearance of Miike (and not just because it is cuteness squared); Where did you get the audience beaten around than on the little ball of fury, who lives in the worst battle with Tadashi in the form of a robot? Even so in all this way, the sense of chaos that can be found in the most beautiful places of Miike's work is also here, which resembles their fellow Muppet and sci-fi. There is an unusual humor, as well as a song given by the Akuzi bean at a critical moment, and more than a dozen conceptual beings and creatures and things to fight (I have, for example, a boy with blue head who should make it a little, or a pig-worry-Yokai). The greatest risk of getting Miike to a great special impact with a computer wizard, which he deals with, is on this end. He has everything down, I am sure, and the stories of the story, and he creates improbable emotions and some songs (one of them is always said and done, and Tadashi and the 'other' character is the center of Tokyo trouble in top shot ), but sometimes CGI is not very good for robots, and interior skirts to have a TOO color, and other images, like the cover for Yokai to spread the word about a great festival on the map, just seem weak and pat. I was wondering if Miike could get into (bad) Spy area of ​​the children, indeed. <br /> <br /> But this role aside, the great Battle of Yokai provides more of the excitement, joy of goofy, and the innocent melodrama that came with the most beautiful childhood fantasies. It is widely claimed for movies, with traditional Japanese yellow, but the heads are always turning to their attractive and non-combining seats. It is not a film manufacturer for its effectiveness, but working in a pilot in the middle of the business ends up working for its benefits. It has a very good message, and a lot of cool adventure. 7.5 / 10
