I am approaching a film about talking about animals carefully. For each as wonderful as Babe, you get one poor as well as a bad remake of Homeward Bound: A wonderful journey. Or in Pati and Dog's case, you have a good idea for a non-existent film. When I heard about Paulie, the parrot of the wisecracking parrot did not fill it completely with courage. But I saw the film is a wonderful surprise. And it will be able to enter your heart no matter what. <br /> <br /> Russian editor, Misha Vilyenkov (Tony Shaloub) gets a job in the research laboratory. One day, they hear singing from the floor. And when she examines, she finds a parrot in her castle singing her little song. Misha is fascinated by the birds, especially when it turns the parrot cannot just sing, it can talk. And not a few words either. His parrot can actually do a conversation with. The Paroti is called Paulie (shown by Jay Mohr), and recognized his colleague castaway. He is wondering how this world with a wise bird lives in the soil floor, Misha persuades Paulie to tell her story of life. All that began when he was a child, and in the service of Marie, a five-year-old girl with a stutter. Both of them were birds of fur (OK, bad pun!). Marie's parents were concerned about the close friendship with the plane, they took her to send her. And finally they did after Marie injured herself after the fall after teaching Paulie to fly. Failing to connect with him, Paulie begins a long journey in America, which includes a number of new owners, flying a great distance, and even ending up behind bars. The castle which is! Paulie was one of the films of animals talking by DreamWorks in the late 90s. The constant work of intellectual intelligence. Jay-Mohr's stand-up style of Kaimu is best suited to the part of Paulie. She has never played a part as well, even if she is younger of Aleck. Paulie is secular, but it is also ridiculous in its way. Because she lived a life saved by Marie, when she was taken away, she should call herself for the first time. And while falling into the hands of different owners, they make a commitment to Paulie to reunite with Marie, which she believes. It is for those promises of breaking time and again. Paulie is believed to be a little chaotic. Follows the people of eclectic Paulie ceases, and how she slowly gets to bring closer and closer to Marie. He first sends it to a pawn shop, where he is introduced by Ivy (Gena Rowlands), a compassionate woman who teaches him the meaning of behavior. He hears Paulie's situation, and gives RV in the US to get Marie. <br /> <br /> Paulie is a very touching film. His performances and ivy are much better. Paulie's amazing time was hit on his shoulder singing Tom Jones songs. The way he puts in it the need for hope is good, and some of the discussions are well written and even persuade the ideas: “There are things in life that you leave, because you think you are" We do them later. " Ivy taught me I must live if you might not be later. ”It is something that Ivy leaves in the way to leave Paulie alone is at heart. And the sequence where he takes the courage to jump for the first time on the Grand Canyon, it grows with pride is the most beautiful place with you for a while after the film. <br /> <br /> Despite occasional sad times, there is a lot of laughing to have. Paulie comes in with a carrot in a Spanish restaurant. The effects of animatronic here are as good as the four birds make a good sense of nausea. And Paulie even gets romance. Which is beaten while falling with a small thief (played by Mohr too). That may be the only complaint I have. Once you qualify for the same situation, the film leads Paulie to another. The place where Paulie is taught to steal money from the ATM machine is amazing, but it is also a little confused. I wonder DreamWorks were given the opportunity to enter such a place in children's film. And Paulie's theft is an impossible mission. She has found it, and sent to the laboratory for testing for animals, where she has since. <br /> <br /> The story eventually comes to the full circle in the laboratory, where Misha promises to help Paulie. Of course they find Marie. But the last revelation is the scene of that awesome power, I was left without a few minutes. Paulie can never get a long life Babe, but I believe her film is very brilliant. Laughing the same. Side effects. And such an amazing mind. The small gem.
