Many people are locked on this film's film as "children's film", and that is certainly, though it's one for adults. Takashi Miike uses a variety of fantasy, especially, a kind of fantasy of children, like entering the wild area which is the great Battle of Yokai. Setting up is a simple boy selected to play "hero" in this year's festival festival, just discovering his role is more realistic than he could think. What follows is a pleasant, amazing, modern, and unusual way through the world of Japanese logic, but waiting there is also a bad villain to lose who wants to destroy the world. However, the villain here, not only the demon, is the spirit-spirit of the fury of things that humans "use" and "stop". In search of a frozen and hateful room, the village changes the spirit of Yokai with a beautiful color in many foot leg robots that are arranged by hands and eyes like hot coals (those who played video games, Sonic The Hedghog, can remember Dr. Robotnik did some of the same procedures as the pastor and Sonic had to be "free"). This hero in this film is really the most interesting character, basically plays the same person, in the world went suddenly mad. Although he goes through the experiments of the heroes more often than the uncomfortable, such as many of themselves Yokia, who seem to have no hindrance to robots, other spirits with umbrellas and eyes, walls of walls, or creatures whose soul focuses on The life is counting beans ... of course in this magical world of the Micah's mika's Yokai battle beans even take magical powers when someone believes in them. In some ways this film destroys common fantasy contracts for children, if few, if any, characters are heroes, their victory is a combination of events, special faith, and a party desire. The spirit of Yokai, just meeting together and focusing on the hiding of criminals, after the final error of the world of the invasion of the world for the great festival of Yokai, and even just playing dance with the party. Also the film did not end with the usual festive celebration that ends the end of the fantasy ending, but with the final location, showing our hero age, and the work of adults, now they can not see Yokai's youth of youth, who then stop to the woman, who is The soul can never die. This end, and the spirit of Yokai who is a picture of the ban on Pikachu of Pokemon, warns us not only to leave behind our childhood, but the most frightening use. Pastor is a hatred caused when human beings have no more respect for the world and things around them (in Japanese sense almost everything has some kind of spirit), and so when it is used and left to us in the community of users it makes no respect, it becomes non-retaliant machines. and emotions, not different from those seen on modern video games, showing that although our thoughts and stories have never died, but they can be destructive. This is one of the first texts Miike has contributed, and I believe it shows, for there is a difficulty of thinking that sometimes it gets hit under a rug for her exciting play. Although I have built more on the story (since many users here seem to write), I want to say that visually is the Cides of CGI, leaving animation, clothing, and life-style, which makes it very good. There is a high-quality dream for many films, and a comparison for Miyazaki should be, as is the case with the story of forgetting with Labrynth, although this film is more severe and more adult than. Yokai is beaten, killed, and turned into a lively hate machine, which I believe even kill a few people, a damaged calf and a mans face are born and die in opening films, during sex, women with long neck has raised the face of our hero The young man, or other reference to the acceptance of the touch of the foot of a small circular water as a boy, appears to be very long for many western flavors, especially when considering this is "children's film". However these are little enough to focus on adults when adequate, not to disturb any children that are bad. The storytelling sessions, before the revision, were worse, more often. All these and these are one of the most accessible and active plans of Miikes yet, with enough game to see and good performances (Yokai humanity and humorous spirit to them, it laughs loudly large times in order to appeal to viewers of all ages, with a sufficient concept of enough concepts to draw in an audience of adults who have often brought their children or another sense of long-term film losses of their youth. The second group of films seems to be able to communicate more intensively by asking that it is not just the persistent use of the world around them, but to show respect for those souls in them that seemed to be very close to the truth in childhood. Another beautiful, beautiful, and realistic film from an exciting director who has not come close to its peak. Common classic.
