I can't believe it has been ten years since this show started first on TV with a happy audience with its unique mix of comedy and fear. This is a festival that came to be a good part of the modern British humor: Dk Terrible House of Horrible; Darkplace of Garth Marenghi; Boosh the Powerful; Snuff Box. Many have imitated this style of display, and I do not deny others who have exceeded its quality. But Jermy Dyson deserves to be reminded that he has started the trend, with participants Mark Gatiss, Steve Pemberton, and Reece Shearsmith. <br /> <br /> Together they created Royston Vasey, a small town in England's worst, where tourists have no views and passers-by contacting an obsessive couple who want to keep the inner city and free of visitors; where unemployed are used and tortured at the workplace; where the farmer uses true people as a shock; where vet kills all the animals he tries to heal; where the circus of gypsy catches people; and where the bomber adds something to a secret but cannot be connected to the food to connect people. This is the experience of what the viewer can find in the Lords League. For themselves, three actors produce several and dozens of special characters. Preparation and preparation of the skin is really good I thought I was looking at more actors on the show than they were. But it is also good to act: the way to change their voices and their body movements, really being others. Most of the jokes start with something unusual, from real life, and then it drives something separating, sometimes gut-wrenching. Sometimes it's a fresh fear without setting up, like the character of Pope Lazarou. Imagine the owner of an impressive circus at the time of childbirth entering a house and grabbing women to be his wife. No information provided. It's an exciting thing. Then there are many records of horror movies: Se7en, Silence of Lambs, Nosferatu, The Exorcist, etc. <br /> <br /> Fans of fear will love it, the comedy fans will love it. If any traveler comes in, there is a sign there that says 'Welcome to Royston Vasey: You will never leave.' Any viewer who gives this show the position will agree. Once you discover the Lords League, you don't need anything else, you never forget.
