This is probably the best television show I've ever seen. I first saw the Comedy Central several years ago. At that time I did not know that it has been radically modified and displayed out of order, and just have to look at each of the three series of order and non-link (thank you internet and your amazing "series of existing") I am GLAD I no longer found! I think Comedy Central kind of picked up and chose their way through one series and two to do "season" ...... and I tried to find friends and family to watch, but nobody really seemed like (I need new friends). So, by myself, I made it better that I could. Even when I heard it was a slight decrease, I still felt forced to keep looking. Several years after discovering Little Britain, I immediately recognized Pauline from Logi as being the influence of Marjorie in Fat Fighters. Also, I love the idea of ​​the authors who do the whole festival .... (not new, but made without impeccably here). LB has nothing on LoG! (No fault, Matt & David .... He loves you)! This is actually a piece of dark comedic of mind. Ethnic killings, which refers to the weakness ..... you call it the name and perhaps found in this unique piece of TV. Shots of area from the first place alone themselves are cold and seems to think of the city of Royston Vasey ..... You Can't From! I think my character likes to be Tubbs, but each character as shown has its own "charm". My little love is Papa Lazarous, which was until he came again in the third series (clever and completely unexpected)! It is best to look at several events as it goes on and as I said earlier, it becomes compulsory (during overturning) that you can't stop watching. This is not for those with a weak stomach, children, carers or grandmother (unless you have one granny)! I have loved British TV, especially the lectures, from Monty Python to Benny Hill, Red Setting, Beautiful and the British nature to fight the Office (but not the American counterparts .... sorry). This is different from any of those for it completely repeats the line between something strange and just what the patient is lost. No, no American TV has ever been around this level of entertainment. United States TV announcements are very sad and crippled, I can hardly stand to watch any of them. It is a sad kind that even our cable systems do not get guts to show unexpected versions of this gem (your loss, Out of Comedy). Thanks there is a reflection like this from the "pool" which delivers between every decade or more. The primary source here in the United States has made a small step for the past few years to honestly "cross the lines" and the sexual content of more, the use of drugs and adult language, but it is still years away to decide to become an adult to show life The real, adult behavior (rather than just ignoring and hitting objects, sheesh, is like a basic pattern of display for the last 35 years)! Do not even get me started on American sitcoms! Tanga's time and lots of money lost ...... you knew that "According to Jim" has been on air for 10 years ??? 10 years? However ... See this show, do it on the DVD, do what you need and then make your friends look at it too! You have never seen anything like that. There are three things that I haven't looked at yet ... I save them for spring on my friend the second time when he visits. He will look at them, even if I need to confuse and bury Him and from! Lines and lines and lines and lines! Note that the third series leaves one and two .... The capital seems to fall off and consider the new characters, the song of the laugh has gone (thank you the evening blood), the theme is more than a band with a small orchestra and a little story of a story out of Royston Vasey. If you do not get caught up with any of these as a last, the series has kept the damage of the first stability displayed in one series and two. I think these four people have created something impossible. Brilliant, confident and demented completely. You will need to restore it again and again. It is interesting that in 5 seconds of screen time they can go from a cheap price before insulting and ending with insulting and finishing with one of the closest facial expression. If I met any author / actor, I would like to encourage them not to rebuild or try on ... I would just say "Can I help you at all?" (Then they would lock me, so I would ask them to sign a string)! 10 out of 10
