What do you get if you cross the Matrix and Show Truman? <br /> <br /> I'm sure you have seen Matrix now. The creators of Matrix say it is 'anime inspired'. From just watching the trailer for this classic, you can see where they took the plot from. <br /> <br /> The movie is a kind of set in 1980 of Japan, and it really shows. Clothing, music and words (in recent English language and AD Vision) are similar to that they have been removed directly from that time. I believe it was done then, but because of some points of conspiracy, this is not suitable for the film! If you are probably thinking about my Matrix reflection, the world is not true. Not really in the 1980s. In fact, it is something else 2480. After the nuclear war, the global environment (or "Great Biosphere") was destroyed. The victims are obliged to escape from space, where the war continued. Once the planet (or "Biospheres") was spared, people began to live in MegaZones - cities within the spaceships, where, through hypnotism and Truman Show-esque fraud, were made to believe that we are back in the world, during more peace in memory The most recent ... 1980s. While the little Shogo gets a wonderful motorcycle to watch, it causes him to know more than he needs to know ... Garland (a bike that becomes sandy), weapons from 2400 years, helps Shogo in his escape to follow the military . Since more and more are detected by MegaZone, the war comes closer to the house, and because of the conflict between the military and the computer, the war comes to MegaZone as well ... I apologize if these points seem to be destructive, but the plot has basically explained that way to congestion. The pain goes up on this film, more than the Matrix. You really believe that war is happening, and Shogo really is affected by what he finds. What begins as the winter cold of 80 becomes a bad story of war and real. These characters are real people, not pieces of cardboard we have seen around us during the shoot at the Matrix. There is really a sense of people who suffer can go through after being considered in the plot, and war. It can stimulate you to the end ... I know I did it. The image is very awesome for that day, and the quality of the picture on the ADVision DVD is not suitable for its age. The style of art is beautiful and reminiscent of traditional, very traditional anime. Be prepared for many violence and blood, there is also an erotic sex area. The last can be seen as 'can't be the last', like Matrix, or, it is believed to be followed by a sequel, which I've never had the pleasure of looking. I say that this is one of the best life that I have seen, in fact, one of the best movies I have seen, and is considered by many to be one of the greatest life of all time. <br /> <br /> We must recommend the DVD of ADVision, if they take English language is wonderful, and it does not have the right movie, and can be purchased with a label of art based on two sequels when opened, which will have the same sound of sounds. <br /> <br /> For all, MegaZone 23 is a wonderful movie, and it deserves to be held very much, and should be important in any fan of the anime fan. Heck, even my mother loved it.
