This film is a bit to remember the German film, the odd story because the child is magically transported a wonderful country to become a hero. However, due to modern modern technology, puppets and CGI are used to make a wonderful world of look - one that will beat your socks from its originality and scope. I enjoyed this film, but the boy was the first job! Unfortunately, for the West, this film is one that you can stop very quickly or reject it since everything in the film seems to be odd. However, make a chance. Don't think or try to understand everything you see - just let the story open and most likely enjoy the film. In many ways, this is a kind of advice I could give to adults who look at the Miyazaki SPIRITED AWAY because it is similar to it shows tons of Yokai (Japanese mythical spirit). The main difference between the two is that the VOICE OF THE GROUP is a living life with SPIRITED AWAY is more than friendly children. When I think VERY CONDITIONAL CHURCHs were intended as a children's movie, in the United States, many parents do not want to show this to young children because it is violent, scary and demonstrates adult behavior. So are the Western listeners? Young people, adults and adults who enjoy foreign films and non-Western themes and structure. This is a very common audience, indeed! <br /> <br /> When you look, see a little touch of wonder. In fact, you can watch several films and identify small things each time. Several funny comments I liked about Gamera, a place that came up with comments "KIDS: Don't try This Home" with the use of Kirin beer to allow someone to see Yokai (hmm, ... maybe this event would also have been a warning!)! The way, the Takashi Miike director is hard to stretch under stylistically, except to say that no stories I have seen seem to be "normal". Some of his films are rather disgusting and disturbing and I hated them (especially MILIT and MIRIT) where some of them are magical and among the best movies I have ever seen (THE HAPPINESS OF KATAKURIS). One thing is, it's hard to look at one of his films and have a strong feeling in one way or another.
