Simon Pegg has a part of Sidney Young, a young entertainment writer who has started the beginning of writing work for a local newspaper which specializes in badmouthing rawness and a wealthy and popular pyramid. He works outside the celebration of happy people, although he is interested in becoming a celebrity himself. The movie is based on a wonderful work of Toby Young, who also ran a small magazine in England called modern Review, which is available to the bitterness of everything pretty much imaginable, until he closed the magazine in the hail of an insulting bullet for his cooperation - editor , then he continued to work as an author of Vanity Fair, which is a great part of his life he told in this film. He / she is the first to be happy to go to work for the big print (called the Sharp Magazine in the movie), and despite the functional nerves he enjoys his first day. He meets with chief editor, Clayton Harding (played by Jeff Bridges), who is as hard as nails but also what kind of editor it is necessary to be a Young player to continue his work in the newspaper. He gives little in the form of a quick acceptance of the youth, but he can also be described as the liberty of the youth of the youth out of the wrong behavior. Most of the comedy in the movie is given from the misunderstanding of young people or disagreeing with the common norms of acceptance of public behavior and unique etiquette involved in dealing with the rich and famous. But Sidney's reasons for acting in an extraordinary way and by giving out an interrogative interview is because he believes that he hates all of the celebrity of the celebrity and, apparently, believes in saying that age? 'If you can't beat' em, join 'em and then beat' em. "<br /> <br /> Distress issues are two very different women. There is a beautiful, old girl in a newspaper named Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst) who has previously been a surprise and clear pride and womanizing way Sidney, and an example A stunning model called Sophie (Megan Fox), who represents a celebrity culture. Without saying, Sidney's endless attack of gossip and popularity is high on the desire for Sophie, one with a look of stars. it is stunningly beautiful, it is true, but it also comes in as if not one thought rattling around in its head. Alison is an ordinary girl, not very interesting or attractive, but the Dunst's performance makes it a real person. The whole truth of Britney Spears marriage, and yet the movie retains some degree of believability because, despite how clear this is, we also feel the Sidney Pain is not following (I felt, however) to lose friends and exclude them nisha people has pretty interesting columns and is full of realistic, satisfactory displays, and though it turns into a bit of your romantic comic and comic act, it has a variety of characters with development and interesting. Danny Huston, for example, gives us a good performance such as the love of Alison's love, who honors the Big Lebowski (also Bridges stars) and his former Russian Russian, one of my favorite drinks. Buying with Kahlua in China there is a cost of $ 350, but my kitchen is never there. I hope the day when Simon Pegg will come out a little bit, because I love his films but I don't really know about his kind. He played a great character in the Fuzz Fire, but only great in relation to the life around him, and finally returned to himself to himself, which he had so much in Shaun's Dead, Run, Fat Boy, Run, and now How to Lose Friends. He is a rising star, it would be interesting to see what else he can do.
