Sidney Young (Pegg) leaves England to New York to work for the famous Sharpe newspaper with the hope of living his dream life but struggling to make a lasting impression. <br /> <br /> According to Toby Young's book about living in American Business, this comedy festival has received mixed views from comments. Selected as funny funny but with charm and actors, how to lose friends seemed like running fish mill out of the pond to make fun in another comedy culture, but not. This image photo works because of its actors and simple but bright stories. We start in the past, then for now and we use our way forward to see how Young put his mark on one of the top US magazines. Pegg (Hot Fuzz) also looks for words. If it is to hit the zombies and cricket or show its natural side of the actress English actor brings the charm and good heart to every area. Here, when the scripting is good but far from its standards, it brings a lot of power to the image and she alone has to look at. His Antics and "Babe 3" do not have to be forgiven, things to breathe just like her on an exciting play, but it removes it to royalty. It is good for a confused love. Megan Fox, who stole Transformers, reminds everyone who can act here with a funny hyperbole of star star stars. The fact that her character Sophie Myles is a star in the picture about Mama Teresa is as delicious as her characteristic antics in the pond. To emphasize the point there is a dog, and a pegg cycle that comes out of the true style of Brit, and a slight decrease. Even if the UK movie has a US lifestyle for young people as he tries to connect and we can see different ways of telling stories. Young people want less dirty right against US expertise. The modernization of the modern tabloid stars will soon make this film dated but the concept of the exploitation of the film star gives this edge. The first image of Weide is not perfect. There is a lack of accumulation if the plot becomes too detergent and the decline of the obvious and there are many characters that are important. Physical comedy can also pass on. As a side mark, bloopers on the DVD are some of the most beautiful which you ever see, which is almost half an hour long. This comedy drama has Simon Pegg on the form of shining again and together the technique of telling a story with bright brightness, it's important to watch.
