I was looking forward to losing friends and moving for months, especially because Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg were stars. Simon Pegg is a comedic specialist and Kirsten Dunst has always been my best actress. How To Lose Friends & Immigrant People Face! Of course it is not perfect, but it is very exciting and pleasant. How to Deal With Friends & Immigrant People Follow Sidney Young's life, a little while, trembling, British journalist, employed by an upscale newspaper in New York City. In an interesting style Sidney enters into a high society and burn bridges and older, peers and superstars. After destroying a single black scene by allowing wild pigs to run, Sidney takes the attention of Clayton Harding, Sharp editor, and accepts work with a newspaper in New York City. Clayton warns Sidney that he could impress and please everyone who can, if he wants to succeed. Instead, Sidney accuses and accuses his colleague Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). He is striving to focus on the electrostatic electricity of Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson). He also launches his direct boss Lawrence Maddox (Danny Huston). Sidney finds creative ways to pull almost everyone. His saving grace, a star that rises to Sophie Maes (Megan Fox) who builds unusual love for her. Later, Allison's friendship may be the only thing to save Sydney from her low job. The story of the story is very interesting and acting was a high score and what was given to the executives. Simon Pegg is still a hilarious master forever! He makes Sydney tremble, afraid, and angry as real as it does, but over time make Sydney not only a recommendation, but also a real character that forces it to the end. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were brilliant! Kirsten had incredible and very interesting events, and Jeff Bridges is Jeff f * cking only bridges! What? You can't love him? She makes Clayton a very pleasant character and witches and generally just love the guy. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox, and Danny Huston were older as they were helped. Everyone had his own personality which was generally not capable, but only what the film did. One thing I was unhappy was how some of the characters were normal. I understand that many were helped, but some cast were used and would give them more films. How to Lose Friends & Immigrant People will never be on the top 10 ever-ever films, or even over 10 games ever, but it has a high level of entertainment and some of the events can also attract you. How to lose friends and encourage people is definitely one of the romantic race of the year! 8/10
