We looked at this film as part of the new film in Argentina in 2000 at Walter Reade. Although we liked it, we didn't think it was strange. Looking for the second time, we have seen a different meaning in this life in Buenos Aires. The film takes place in one dark day of Argentina, as the DeLaRua rule was over. The country was in shock after the recession, which had increased to the early 1990s, under the Arsenal Menen's climate climate. It was when the bank accounts in the dollar were reserved and people found themselves threats. The story begins as Santamarina, a bank employee, is expelled because the collapse of the economy. Instead of receiving mercy from his wife, he drives out of the house with him, for all beneficial purposes, becomes a homeless person. He takes the road trying to reach the end. Another story brings us to Ariel, a young Jew, interrogating and working in a Spanish company. It's almost a miracle gets a job. His father, Simon, owns a small restaurant in the Hebrew quarter of "El Once" in the city center. Things are getting worse, when Ariel's mother dies suddenly. Only Estela, a young woman with love and Ariel, comes to help her father and child. <br /> <br /> Santamarina, who is a clean person, should take a break to take the sun wherever she can. He chooses a women's room in one of the lowest stations. When the servant, Elsa, gets naked, he gets angry, but comes to his mind when he understands the bad condition of this man who saw the best times. They are involved in romanticism, and Santamarina in one of his trips through the street, finds the child. Elsa, when she was surprised, wants to do the right thing. But Santamarina convinces her of the meaning of an innocent life in their lives will strengthen their love. Ariel, who has met Laura's good workmate, begins the sex and heavy sex with her beautiful co-worker, who is unknown to her, is involved in lesbian matters. Ariel, who plays free with photography and at times, feels a passion for Laura, but she knows what Estela has done to help her father and still loves. Daniel Burman, who "El Abrazo Partido" we thought was the best, made wonders with this film. Things are put in the right perspective after a second second look and we should apologize for we did not know the first time around. If anything, at this second time, the screenshots that played Mr. Burman and Emiliano Torres wrote, making more sense because they show the problem of the country that was alive during those dark days. Daniel Hendler, who plays Ariel, has worked with Mr. Burman before the amazing results. He is not a 'star of the pretty film', however, he is good. This actor builds great trust in his work. Enrique Pineyro is another great surprise. His Santamarina prevents weapons. Despite all the bad things that have happened to him, he continues to have a bad attitude for everyone he meets. Stefania Sandrelli, an Italian actress, offers a great contribution to her film and Elsa. Hector Alterio, one of Argentina's best actors has a small part of Simon. Chiara Coselli looks like Laura and Melina Petrielli looks like a beautiful Estela. "Esperando al mesias" confirms Daniel Burman is a voice counted by Argentina movies.
