Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy MOVIE are about dolls that come when mankind is not around. In this adventure you have to save the French trophies called kidnapped Babette from a pirate captain. On their way goes though Deep Dark Woods, Taffy Pit, and even Looney Land. What? A friend of their new friend The camera with Knees has helped them or just let them down with their show off of her friends? Will they flee from the king of Kookoo and his people? What? What will their owner Marcella say when she sees her doll's birthday doll has gone with her other fingers? Surprisingly surprise awaits the two fools. <br /> <br /> All score is out of 10 possible: Stories: 8 - Very much. Spots that live when you are near. Not only because they get into many different places, but they are in the world of thinking so everything can happen. Meet new characters, go to different places to find new friends, his great. All actors are doing very well in this too and who do not like pirates? Working: 8 - Each character suits their sound very well. Particularly Marlon Brando taffy pit enemy, Rebellion. The French Empire has a strong French talent, Hitler-teacher Kookoo (who finds hair that looks like Simpson's Sideshow Bob) is doing his job very well, and the sadness of the black man for Camel works perfectly. Why is the old animation better than the new? Music: 10 - No shortness of perfection here. Those songs have been on my head for years, and look again at about 20 years later, I can still remember each of them and now we will know where those sounds come from. Joe Raposo's "Sesame Street" popularity worked well with this song and everyone is singing well. <br /> <br /> Editor: 6 - Heh, this is where it will get confused. How do I mean Raggedy continued to walk anyway? Many events seem to only happen after another and there is no telling WHO other dolls and fingers as you never see them in the real world of movies, but they follow a certain way and you know that eventually you'll have to go to where they need to go, it's very difficult to follow regularly. <br /> <br /> Comparison: 8 - Of this and Unico I would like to say there is a part in both films I never forget no matter how hard I try. Particularly terrifying places. I have been saying already how old films were more than today's animation but this takes a cake in a frightening thing. Outside the South Park movie and some Disney films there are almost no animation, or the best to happen so it's very special. <br /> <br /> Value: 8- It's classic. The value of the hunt to get a good copy is indeed, but VHS copies are probably connected now. The DVD version is sold on Ebay at all times and it will be obvious that something will look more than once. If anything gets for the purpose of deleting. <br /> <br /> Total score (Not average): 8 - It's an incredible music that was made at the end of the 70's and can still be interesting today. All its characters are unique and songs are beautiful. Very good you can enjoy time and time again. Make your pet a very recommended animal today! Insight of the Inspector (Including preference): This is not as a series of Raggedy Ann TV that made ten years later. This was the most dark and true way. The effects in this are seen as many cartoons of acids from 70 years, particularly, the Yellow Submarine. However, my memory is never forgotten, and it can still influence things today. It wasn't easy to find but it will remain a treasure set in my DVD collection and video ever.
