Oh, young man, God blessing the 1970s, we got horrible movies that came from the decade: The Exorcist, Jaws, the Chainsaw of Texas, Halloween and now, Raggedy Ann & Andy: A Musical Adventure. This movie should be used to torture terrorists sent to tell us about their evil plans to destroy the world, I mean, this film is afraid to eliminate me. My sister had this movie in her VHS collection and I had a kind of curious type of film they had made from a doll from a great depression for children with very little money. What is happening? It's kinda funny how this movie is the 1970s version of Toy Story, pretty much under the key, just this once scarier, Disney was Alice in Wonderland to get on drug trips for children. <br /> Every time Marcella leaves the room, Raggedy Ann, with her brother Raggedy Andy and the whole garden full of color stations comes. The birthday of Marcella, the new doll, Babette, comes from Paris, France to the United States. Babette is a damaged creature who does not know she is a doll, but a friendly Raggedy does everything she can to make Babette feel at home. However, the Pirate Captain trampled him. Raggedy Ann and Andy have tried to try to save her before Marcella knows Babette has gone. Outside the outside of the nursery, the two meet with the Knees and Knees chopped, the blue color of the toy that has been set aside by the former owners and now breaks down and lacks. After Raggedy Ann and Andy run a ride on the camel, he begins to follow his performances and without looking, runs on the edge of the rock, into the deep hole. In this hole they are faced with Mjanja, who is a very big blonde of taffy who eats all the time and never ends. Raggedys and Camel explode cuts by the dad and continue their journey to get Babette ?? and believe me, it just grows from this point. <br /> <br /> When this movie was disturbing and I wanted to cry and cover the eyes during most films, this was really creative. Come back to the day we got the photos of the wind that made the film more personal and that the authors and animators put their heart into it, you can say that they did with Raggedy Ann & Andy: A Musical Adventure. That was not the worst movie I ever saw, I don't know who would suggest it too. For fear as I am, I must admit I am glad I watched, sometimes you need "WTF?" The movie will create your preference, believe me when I say that Raggedy Ann did not have trouble doing just that with me. It is official, the doll is so simple, let's put this way, there is a great caramel river that eats everything, a king whose head keeps growing as he laughs, a strange thing that hurts Raggedy Ann and his brother, a wonderful close to co-operation between Ann and Andy have a couple of naked dolls that can last my dreams forever. Yikes. <br /> <br /> 7/10
