It was taken a few views for me to lock myself around this, but for me Kali's tears is one of the most important aspects of the fear of 00 and even away from the fear of self-confidence may be a positive center. The fear of anthology, takes the story of a group of Taylor-Eriksson, a cult group that includes India whose members have sought to find the ultimate knowledge of self-healing and healing of psyche, and the negative consequences that reduce years. Along with the basket of enrollment groups in India, the film is made by the writing of three German stories, describing the results of the Taylor-Eriksson group, and sometimes good. Interesting him to set up like these things to go, but what to put this film off is the way the picture is carefully set up in order to develop a film scared. The bad things have been opened and the general course of the film is to look at how the self-knowledge and the final treatment brings fear to patients, physicians and others and the film is closed with visible signs of strength for the powers of darkness and which are involved, the powers of darkness no time, place or even personality. Good examples of this are found in the first story especially, dealing with a journalist interviewing a woman in a mental hospital. Before this story we have seen Lars Eriksson and especially his wonky eyes (lazy), we see him heal or at least to comfort the sick. The woman's mental-health woman is seen in the same situation as Eriksson curing a sick man, as well as he can overcome the universities from the art class that runs between one of their patients' pictures of their looks, face and lazy eye like Erikssons. There is also a reference to people in minuscule roles, surplus and walking on additional sensory ideas of what is going on in the film, showing the evil that has given the spread and the ability to almost infect others. There is more than a film of films than evil inside, it is a film about death, suffering and possible redemption and all of them are locked in a Hindu-based system in such a way that it looks like it may be just exploitation but it has a more concrete relationship than a person who can expect (at least from the research I made in the wikipedia). Author / director Andreas Marschall definitely deserves a great credit for his skills in creating a film. Despite the concern, the film is very good, the sound of Bharti India and Panama John has a good piano jingle and there are several renowned exhibitions, Michael Balaun as a bad doctor and Cora Chilcot as a patient especially good patient. The third story also has a great beauty from Elder Mathieu Carrière as a farmer of faith. The main problem of the film is that it is not to involve so much time that the possibility of fear is lost but these and two other exhibitions reach very well. Therefore, the film is not as good as it can be, acting very often and pacing too, but more I thought it was good, like a shaded shadow and its transparency. Such worth looking for fans of fear they think I think.
