What? Where was this movie when I was a child? After her parents separated from Tadashi step with her mother to live her father. Tadashi's sister lives with her father and talks regularly on the phone. Grandpa is "here" just every third day. Moms do not really at home. Children always take a little baby. At the village of Tadashi village has been chosen a “rider” or a spiritual champion of peace and justice. What? He thinks a little that he will soon have a step in the role of the hero as the forces of darkness join the anger of things set apart in the plot to destroy mankind and the spiritual world. it was a simple part. Now comes the hard part, trying to describe the film. <br /> <br /> This is a great children's film. No this is a good, destructive film (very destructive) but a great film is not down. It looks like all the best books that you like as a child and are like dense sometimes as Tadashi struggles to get the power to become a hero. Look at I feel reading a good book, and I think it's great how this would have been like a book. I liked that the film does not follow the usual way. Things often occur due to the occurrence or through separation, one character is found only in cases because his leg is asleep. There are twins and turns and moments that seem to be unsafe and are more appealing to them (which is typical Miike). The Japanese film filler is open to the film's films that often touch, scary and all at the same time. No one except Miike seems to understand that you can have a lot of emotions at the same time, or that you may suddenly have to change as things make one dark one and then publish next. I am glad that Miike has made a movie that is very angry and hopeful, which is not ashamed to be scary, I mean really scary, especially for children. This is a dark place that should be in the movie Harry Potter but rarely. This story of Grimms and humor. My first hearing after seeing the opening picture was that I couldn't believe anyone who started the children's film and the end of the world, then I realized who made the film. The hat off the Miike by making a film that knows children can handle the scary images. <br /> <br /> Works with more than one level. Monsters of mechanisms that bad people make are given to the junk of human beings left. His anger was thrown away which stimulates monsters. One of the Yokai (spirit) speaks of the angry sneakers thrown away because they are dirty or very small feels when they are thrown. You also have one of the good people who refuse to join bad people because it will be a human thing to do. His wild assumption, but like other around the world, is what causes this film to another level. (there are good riffs and references to other movies, TV shows and novels that make me who this film is because children can't understand, although most parents will be) And of course there are monsters. They run the gamut from cheesy to attract and stop everywhere in the middle. In fact you should forgive the difference in their creation simply because they should be hundreds if not thousands of monsters on the screen. Its way is cool and it works. One of the main characters is Yokai which I think is best described as a hamster in the coat and often plays with a stuffed animal, looks dumb and still you will be happy with a little bugger and love every time he stands on the head Tadashi. (Accepting is also as easy as you have ever seen the exotic Japanese flower trees) I announced a mistake, and there are few. The effect is not the same, some of the sudden turns are unusual (even if they are understandable) and other smaller things that are now decreasing after watching the film. None of them hurt the film altogether, however the most kind of preventing you from having absolutely fun with the movie. <br /> <br /> I liked this film very much. I am sure that if I realized as a child, it would be my most popular film. (Where is English?) Look at this movie. It's his main journey. (Apart from a good introduction to Miike films and sexuality)
