I started hearing about KALALA TEARS for a while and it looked like something I would like, but for all the movies that I came regularly, kinda fell on my radar. When walking around the WonderBook of the inside ... I saw a box for this and took it. I should say I am very happy that I did. TEXT TEXTAR is amazing, gory, sometimes a very interesting film which is hindered by a low budget - but it is still a look of entertainment and value. Taxi of KALI stations near India's false church The Taylor-Erikkson cult group, which reflects on meditation and other worship in implementing and prohibiting individual "local demons" - but these methods make works well or not enough (depending on your view ...) as dark forces are not just removed, but also lighted for innocent victims. The film is told "anthology style", as well as a series of short but memorable intro and "open eyes", then going to three stories that create a lot of films. The first (SHAKTI) is about a journalist who visits one of the members of the ritual that takes place in a mental hospital. The journalist goes under the search for Taylor-Erikkson's worship, but we find that his true intentions can be closer to home. When the interview takes violence, the journalist realizes that he can get his head ... <br /> <br /> The second part (Devi) involves a strong young man who is sentenced to restore psychological place to prison for beating a boy in a coma. We see that the treating doctor in the case is really Taylor-Erikkson "delegates", and its rehabilitation techniques are far from the norm ... the closing story (KALI) refers to the "trust" -and "assistant who does" miracles "to When the healer does not help one of his clients and actually dismisses the power he had, the demon is now free to walk and find a new army ... some of the film that prevents it from being very good - but it is a natural and proud film of what it is. My big gripe and production are poor and unfamiliar issues on chat. Dubbing is small and I would prefer to have a low option and a language bar Some experts have said the acting is poor, which is not necessary to agree with it. I think that the dubbing is so missing-luster that it makes the exhibition appear stunted, which is not actually the case. in the second part, and the third "client" comes to mind ...) and is known. The FX of the year is very good for low-budget films, and some gray-removal-through-cuticle-scissors, suicide-pneumatic-ko-throats, some respect (but angry "itself") - open, and a few other items hit by a good measure. It's not as bad as some "extreme" films there, but it's more obvious than your average horror price. I have also seen the story about a cult group to be exciting and a welcome change to the unusual words of fear of the story. There are many instances of real atmosphere and tension, which love that I have never been in time. Although it is lacking in some basic ways, I still think TEARS OF KALI will appeal to many viewers of "underground" - some events can prove too much to the viewer. Indeed It is proposed - 8.5 / 10
