Paid as a "first family film" of Takashi Miike - and people who have not seen Zebraman, perhaps. YOKAI DAISENSO takes more things in the direction of family friendship, to overcome the dark and reluctant to create a great fantasy story. The little boy is chosen by the fate of saving the world from the creatures and fears that they do not yet know. Film is a much bigger budget than anything else Mike has done, with many CGI lots to create a world of fantasy living with unusual creatures (YOKAI). Perhaps the lack of content is very much the result of many nervous investors, but I think it's probably that he wanted to do something different. He has never been one pony of trick, but he often gets his charges - maybe YOKAI has made those critics. Regardless, it is a good project for Miike to think of her boundless imagination and inception. There is a very good picture of the production of the production, describing Miyazaki's ideas. Yokai is the basis of the previous series of events that were changed according to Japanese folk tales, which certainly affected Miyazaki as well (especially SPIRITED AWAY). It should be remembered that Miike does not have anything like the film film Harry Potter to work with, so the special effect will not be the work of Hollywood's seamless style - blue screening is very clear. Some special effects are good though, as well as very good organisms (a combination of CG, motion stop and puppetry). I think a young soccer player following a lot of films was * means * looking at a very good price, and can wipe it. Ryunosuke Kamiki, aged 9, is a real talent (I see made a voice in the last 2 films of Miyazaki!). Chiaki Kuriyama is delicious as the beauty of a piece, although Mai Takahashi made the greatest impression as the Princess-yum River yum! Those who are looking for another films of violence, will not find what they are looking for in YOKAI, but if you are a fan of Miike because of her ideas and in fact, there's a lot of satisfaction here. And it has a bonus added that you can gladly put on any company you have got :)
