Although there is a melodrama in the middle or rather under this film, the story is told to the beauty and the most common and acting is good. Yaara, learning in Princeton, returns to her native Israel for the funeral of her old and beloved friend, Talia. Because Yaara lived with her parents' friends after the death of her own mother, she lost her sister who agreed. And because Yaara, the blind from birth, has been guided by Talia, the suicide of her friend is as if it is not feasible if it is impossible. Indeed, the blind girl is the one who decides to solve the mystery of this death. Although he does not see, he has insight. Although he cannot see, he can find something invisible than "ordinary" people around him. So the film becomes a fun of fun as Yaara's indication in the memory of her relationship with Talia, in her family's house of acceptance, in tapes, diaries, and former Talia people and now. He told from the Yara view, the film also appears from his perspective, for he shows what he hears, he believes, and thinks. The secret solution is rather common, but the search is done with the cunning attention and the answer given to the beauty and without fanfare, that sincerely it is easily forgiven. The truth occurs gradually but without consideration, explaining the life of Talia only, but also her relationship with Yaara. Tali Sharon, like Yaara, uses her phone's face and voice efficiently, and it is widely believed as a young girl and a boy. We fully embrace its ability to the end of the film to get its place in the world with more trust. It is worth it to be precisely where the places and actions are restored to small but important factors that do not overpower, the dead - to act in small actors, and an interesting decision to represent Talia as a young man. I will deal with Yaara's final declaration as it stands with Gad's last partner, Talia, on the edge of the cemetery, but the journey on the edge is so incredible that the image will remain in front of the words ahead of her.
