In 1993, the success of the first Batman season: Animation Series, Warner Brothers instructed the team to hit the show and produce a feature-length film, originally organized directly to Video, but locked up to state displays. Known as Batman: Mask of Phantasm. Ten years after Phantasm, we have had three films of the release from boys in WB, Sub-Zero, the Joker's return, and now, the Secret of Batwoman joins the family. The program is basic and in many ways similar to the Mask of Phantasm: A new female teacher after Batman has started targeting activities by the master of Gotham Rupert Thorne and Oswald Cobblepot AKA Penguin. Now, Batman must try to erase the mystery of Batwoman before crossing the line. Animation is a sleeker style, of the future that was used for Batman: A series of five-and-sixth animations (AKA New Batman Adventures). , it is very good, and as evil as the restoration of the Joker animation. There is also another use of CGI, but it is less compared to its deficiency in Sub-Zero. Music was right. Unlike the odd and similar to the title of the League of Justice, although the points in the score when the old Batman theme comes it will ensure you send a wave of emotions through the hearts of the old fans. <br /> <br /> Kevin Conroy, as always, does a good job like Bruce Wayne and Batman. It is also good to have an old Batman: Animation Series; which includes Bob Hastings (Commissioner Gordon), Robert Costanzo (Detective Bullock), Tara Strong (Barbara Gordon / Batgirl; said to a romantic relationship between him and Bruce mentioned in Batman Beyond), and Efrem Zimbalist Jr. (Alfred). <br /> <br /> Villains were also great - especially since Rupert Thorne, an old man of an attack from the previous series, appears for the first time since the fourth season. , while not reaching the standard set by the Phantasm Mask ten years ago, MOTB carries the flashlight to the full batman films. And if you have a DVD and it's a fan of hard, you will love Chase Me five minutes short.
