It was revealed on yesterday, so I decided to explore. This was one of the last Bruce Timm / Paul Dini DTV projects related to their previous 1992's Batman Series, after that Jeff Matsuda came to think again Batman and his new Batman series, but however, the story of this Batman The new movie stations close to the appearance of new eyes known as Batwoman, however Batman feels the need to stop him because of his severe ways, and at the same time taking Pengiun and Ruphert Thorn who both work in secret with Carlton Duquesne (who has The family's problems with another villain (which is later revealed in the movie) on the fraudulent operation of the weapon, also provides courtesy to Batwoman. The question is: who is a wonderful Batwoman and can they be more then one? It is for Batman to solve this mystery and stop the recent operation of Penguin. For a movie with animation, it has a hard plot and a great voice, which is good. Another collective was a full re-penguin that looks more like a modern Mobi boss we were looking at in different categories, unlike its original borrowed designs from Tim Burton's Pengium vision (wildlife and circus seat). Although the movie has a piece of love is not far off and not recommended movie as saying, Batman Forever. The working voice is the standard rate for these direct to video projects (if only Batman: Mask of Phantasm took this way), Kevin Conroy still shines as Batman / Bruce Wayne. And as I said in spite of a short run of 80 minutes, it will make a good storyline (and complex) filled with small actions and practical fabric. There are tiny, however, Nightwing is not there to appear, and I'm sure Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne don't do it as a couple, even though it is just mentioned, Tim Drake (given Robin) has very little in the movie and it is quite clear, I wasn't a big fan of The character of Paul Religion and Bruce Timm's Batman character (especially in their Batman shows after BTAS), this New Adventures of Batman and Robin, therefore, makes Batman look at the oil then rather built up on an individual (kinda as an example of The character of Jeff Matsuda from Batman. Bruce Wayne seems to be so bad, that blue eyes make him look like Clark Kent then Bruce (though it really looks very similar). Another obstacle is Rupert Throne (no clarification of why he is in this program, but it's safe to say he has goons and what cut program) that doesn't have a bit more then hang on to a penguim or hurt himself every time he says a gun to someone (counting times How many of this happens on the film and you will be surprised.
