Although it was 5 years after the series was completed and WB was working in the Right League, this animation film is adding a welcome to the video library. Why? Well, if the Mask of Phantasm congratulates the first of Batman's events: A series of drawings and SubZero congratulates the 15 events of the Batman and Robin's Adventures, then the Secret of Batwoman congratulates the last 24th events of Gotham Knights of Batman. Kevin Conroy again gives a voice on performance that is not short of quality and perfection. I agree that I was a little deaf when I heard about Batwoman and all I could think of was the 50th old batman names. But I was hit by Batwoman's attitude, looking at him, his dress (which I thought led Bruce Wayne to create costume on Batman Beyond) and the fact that this movie lets you guessing who Batwoman is all the way through. If you want to know who the Batwoman is, then buy or rent a DVD. Barbara Gordon makes the appearance of coming and I think the authors tried to tell him that Bruce and Barbara had something going on among them as they did in Batman Beyond. Tim Drake looks like Robin, but his role is small and sad, there is no indication of mentioning or mentioning Dick Grayson alias Nightwing, which leads me to believe he has put himself in Bludhaven (his city in quests). <Br /> <br /> The three suspects of Batwoman, I love is Kathy Duquesne, who looks like a surprise like Halle Berry. Kelly Ripa did a good job as one of the other suspects. When it comes to criminals, I am happy Penguin was one of them, but I did not like the fact that they took Paul Williams and David Ogden Stiers. Pengy did not have the same sound. One thing goes to Robin. The new boy did well, but as I started using Matt Valencia, they chose him. It is interesting to note that Kevin Michael Richardson, the voice of Carlton Duquesne is now the voice of Joker in the series of "Batman". And finally we see what Rupert Thorne looks like since it was not shown in Gotham Knights. At the end of John Vernon you will miss. Although I enjoyed Henry Silva as Bane's voice, if he had to be changed, they found a good man in the way of Hector Elizondo. I just want them to use Face Face, Riddler, or a new Scarecrow version. <br /> <br /> Music section and especially the voice intro sound was very good. I would like it was in the sound of a voice and I enjoyed especially Cherie's beautiful and talented at the Iceberg Lounge with her song, Betcha Neva. While others feel that this film is weaker than the Mask of Phantasm and Subzero, I see it as powerful and enjoyable as others, as well as what I said earlier, is a full-time movie based on the Gotham Knights version of Batman, which I think offers the balance good. I would at least recommend to rent this first DVD before buying for those who can be a laery of this movie, but personally, it is good to buy. I offer the Secret of Batwoman 9.
