For the first time I've been a fan of Batman cartoons because the theme is normal, 'that every living person has a convert-ego'. This is true in the Secret of Batwoman. When the whole story is good I am disappointed that they haven't done a lot of franchise with this. In all the films, you are trying to find out who is the Batwoman, unfortunately you can find it by simply looking for the recovery of credit sent to this site (so if you haven't seen it already going there). I was desperate that they did not make the film again. 75 minutes is a very short way to any movie. The identity of the batwoman also comes very early in the film, the middle type, and becomes the future climatic because you know that good people will always win and that the new character known as Batwoman will disappear after the movie is over. br /> <br /> I'm also not sure about the new animation style used in this film. I love new new characters but there must be more detail where it is needed. Some of the features of the animation appear to be clear and powerful that attracts attention immediately to direct your attention away from the story. I also did not like the atmospheric atmosphere used in many instances, it is a kind of lost dark and gothic loss which is Batman. Similarly we need to learn more about the personality of batwoman so that we can create a strong sense of mercy that we do with Bruce Wayne. I also think the fight with Bane should be done well. In the style of ordinary children a bad person meets its easily or with a decline, fall, get electricity or do something wrong that works against them. Coming to think about it was not even one drop of blood spilled in this film either. Underneath, it is a good flick of entertainment and I recommend anyone who is a fan of Batman to watch it. It has a good story, appeal to everywhere and even the best acting. I just want them to be able to present a lasting change to the story by making Batwoman stay doing more interesting things. Not just identifying him and then fleeing once he has done. I would also like to see someone else knowing the secret for the change finally. Have something more than Batman to solve the mystery and fill it later with details. I hope that there are many animations to come and anticipate when we will see the breakdown of Bruce Wayne and Barbra Gordan. He has been connecting them to eternity and does not like him and I can't believe that he was dumb enough to fall in love with a man of 20 years. I also want to see when Tim Drake leaves because he is sick of an old man. In short I want to see all the things that caused the characters to be on Batman Beyond. Otherwise the regular formula will leave faster than if you just decided to develop a story. <br /> <br />
