Randolph Scott gets into Albuquerque to work with his uncle. However, on the way there, the move holds - although they do not carry power. However, a beautiful woman board covers $ 10,000 for her and her brother's business ... and the ladies seem to know this. Once in town, Scott goes to the uncle about that job. However, he recently learns that the uncle is a jerk - a bad man from the West. You know, the rich who just wants to be rich by cheating and stealing and threatening until he owns everything. And, so it just happens that this jerk was behind theft. Scott claims that the uncle returns to the money and then Scott goes to business with a beautiful woman and his brother. Not surprisingly, this is not the end of the crisis — just the beginning. From time to time, the complexity of the variety occurs to try to crush the uncle's resistance. One shaft is to bring a beautiful woman to a friend of Scott and her allies. He is a shot of crack and looks bad for Scott - until he clarifies why he has come to the city. Unlike many future Randolph Scott movies, this shows Scott as more man-made. Often in his films are the last to recommend violence, but in this film he has to quickly recommend lynching (screw rules, let's be hangin ') and later he hurried to threaten uncle. What a surprise to see him as the head of the fire - though in many other ways, he is Scott's old elder you expect. <br /> <br /> In addition to the film goes, there is nothing unusual about it. Gabby Hayes has a typical character, Scott is a hero, baddie can not be considered and eventually destroyed by Scott gets a girl. In spite of this common plot, all of them have been well addressed and the results are relevant for your time. <br /> <br /> By the way, there are two amazing pictures in the film. First, at the end of the movie, there is a fist fight between Scott and Pastor # 1, Lon Chaney, Jr .. In it, Chaney pulls a cigarette as he struggles - something I have never seen before and appreciated how he could pull away if he got his butt kicked . Secondly, to get the load of the running car and whip - now that was one impossible!
