The summary line above, spoken by James Cloud (Robert Preston) to his brother Tom (Robert Sterling) almost says all. Jim, AKA Kid Wichita, has a way to make things happen, trouble is, he leaves them where he has been. It's not kind of Tom's instructions to little boy Jeff, who likes what he sees Jim, especially when protecting their ranch against the tribes of Texas. Opening opening opening 'Introducing John Barrymore Jr. as Brother Brother ', in its first screen frame. It seemed to be odd to me, especially since it was addressed as Jeff once in the story. Approximately eighteen times during this movie, it provides a similarity to Sean Penn. There is no stranger to personal and legal problems during his work with the affiliation from his family, I was left wondering if his daughter Drew Barrymore would see this picture. I am interested in thinking. <br /> <br /> On the issue of similarity, I also failed to think that little Robert Sterling appeared as Roy Rogers earlier in his career. Knowing Sterling was just originally from his role as George Kerby at the beginning of the 1950s of "Topper" of a series of television, I thought he was looking out of a place in the West, but that could only be me. His character is transformed by the courage of his brother in creating trouble, and offers some of the beauty to this unusual story. Many young people, including John Gallon's partner (John Litel) has his son Sheriff (whom Kid Wichita kills), and a troubled marriage between Kathleen Boyce (Cathy Downs) and her husband Earl (whose Kid Wichita kills). Chill Mills rounds out the main cast as one of the staff Tom Cloud employees, and the figure in some predictable finale <br /> <br /> Is not quite predictable how the end finally wind there, and for this reason, this West gets points to follow under travel, therefore it is not as a formulaic plot as a good brother / sibling Westerns do. With the eclectic casting of chiefs, it's one I would suggest, even if you need to tolerate some cuts by jumping and editing a walk I have seen with my copy.
