Glacier's slide into a mountain cavernous ice send its three whoosh characters under never-ending wet-slide tube which has enough kick for kids to dazzle the same way with mature viewers can be dazzled by a chain sequence chain that install 2001: Space Odyssey. Away from the vision, but it is a place of refuge and great excitement however. A good opening sequence also takes place when the clowner of the clan as a player tries to hide his precious blow. You have probably seen this place on the trailer, but if it happens she begins the domino effect when the mountain begins to delete and, results, banjo. Fear is only as long as the stranger tries to overcome the impossible. The movie reflects two characters, a mammoth named Manfred (Ray Romano) and the slope of buck-toothed (John Leguizamo) when they try to move south. They have a child who accepts them and then decides to monitor their parents' return. They join the tiger of saber named Diego (Denis Leary) whose goals are forcing it to bring the child to his descent of tiger, to guide the mammoth and slope to the trap. Diego's family eating meat wants more mammoth, but Diego's learning values ​​of friendship makes it easier to finally make the final end. It is a natural hazard to the world during the journey, including a broken volcano and a glacier bridge that threatens to evaporate a short period of time that reminds the fortress of escape in Shrek. The characters think why they are in the Ice Age, when they could call it Big Chill or Era Nippy. Other people like global warming. Another great line about issues of consideration between girlfriends: 'All men have never been around. Sensitive. The worst way, the modern comedy and adventure of fingered adventure makes this very easy to watch. Also, food is limited to good vegetables that take into account dandelions and pine seeds as 'eat well.' The Talent of Romano's voice, Leguizamo and Leary performs well on their personas, while children will be interested in their antics, adults will enjoy their talents on their own talents. There are several severe violence and intense content, but the children will be jazzed with excitement to get one of their early introduction to the old war of good against evil, and family members and friendships are the fundamental forces of power. The migrants also use the best use of natural landscapes that are very amazing. <br /> <br />
