"Ice Age" is one of the cartoon movies provided by Blue Sky Studios and released in 2002 as the first company. We are told by the main characters: squirrel named Scrat (shown by Chris Wedge, and TAFU NOTE: The voice of scratching Scrat is the sound of Tom from the cartoons "Tom and Jerry"), woolly packages named Manny (announced by Ray Romano's "Every someone likes Raymond "), the slope of Sid (shown by John Leguizamo of" Titan AE "), and the tiger hit by the name of Diego (shown by Denis Leary of Pixar" Life of Bug "). /> <br /> The movie opens and Scrat tries to bury the acorn and right after that, caused the gun. Then we see the pastor going south to the next Ice Age (except for Manny, who goes to another way to find another mammoth that looks like he). Sid comes from his cave cave, and sees that his family has left him. Then you pay money for other tips. Unfortunately, she gets followed by Sylvia (shown by Kirsten Johnston's "Rock of 3 from the Sun"), a woman with orange sloth, who wants Sid to move with him. Sid finally played with Manny, and they became friends. At the same time, near the human race, Soto (shown by Goran Visnjic), a bad saber, he needs to take revenge on the tribal leader by wiping half of his pack only by stealing his newborn child, Roshan, away from him. In the morning, he, Diego, and Soto, his colleagues, Lenny (mentioned by Alan Tudyk), Oscar (mentioned by Diedrich Bader), and Zeke (mentioned by Jack Black) attacked the tribe, but the leader's wife fled with Roshan to Manny and Sid. track. Eventually, Diego joined them, and he returned to Roshan to return to his tribe, who also sought him. Rest and watch all the films and find out, right? In addition to Manny, Sid, Diego, Scrat, Sylvia, and Roshan, the support characters there with a packet of wolves that Roshan's citizens use, and not mentioning the female purple slopes called Jennifer (talked to Jane Krakowski), and Sloth a yellow-colored woman named Rachel (shown by Lorri Bagley), whom Sid shows to Roshan if they are resting in a tar pit. Unfortunately, two pigs, Carl (shown by Cedric The Entertainer of PDI "Madagascar") and Frank (mentioned by Stephen Root of Pixar's "Get Nemo"), who go to Sid after destroying food and dealing with Manny on the rock, they are ordinary characters. Same went to dodos, who use cups as their food. <br /> <br /> Gags in this movie is very funny. For example, Manny speaks through his trunk saying, "I don't go!" When Jennifer and Rachel are outside the pit pit, Sid asks Jennifer "What do you say if we get into the gene dam and see what happens?" Jennifer then responds, "What do you say if you're going to fly on the TIT? TIT?" Rachel also then struck Sid in the waist. Sylvia finds Diego holding Sid and his neck and teeth, then asks Sid if he's done his breath, tells Diego to eat, and goes quickly. That "Ice Age" is not just a success, but has 2 sequels: the first was "Ice Age: The Meltdown", released in 2006, and the other was "Ice Age: Dawn's Dinosaurs", which it will be release next year. I can't die by waiting to see what "Ice Age: Dawn's Dinosaurs" will be like.
