Presenting Lily Mars may have given Judy Garland for one of the simple tasks she had during the MGM because Lily Mars is definitely a character she can recognize. The little girl with enough talent for ten, she knows what she needs to do in the theater regardless of her producer Van Heflin from her home home to break her. I love Judy very much as a girl decided to make it in the theater. Because it is Judy Garland and the talent of Judy Garland you in the audience knows that she has good things even if it takes Van Heflin around the entire movie to be sure. Both Judy and Heflin rain from the small town, Heflin's father was a city doctor who gave him and Heflin when he could leave and become a major producer on Broadway, their mother, Fay Bainter and Spring Byington contact. That is his predecessor, but Heflin is always angry with young children, but no one like Lily Mars. There is no really great song coming from the Presentation of Lily Mars to Garland, although she is singing all her numbers. Better in the film is the resurrection of the chest of gas particles, Every little Movement means All of It. Judy singing for Connie Gilchrist play a cleaning lady in the Broadway hall where show Heflin is produced. Gilchrist was a star back in the days of the Flora Girls and she and Judy give a song in a great style with Connie. It is the best place in the film as Gilchrist encourages Judy to continue. Composer Karl Hoschna died a long time ago, but Otto Harbach's composer was still alive and I said he liked what he got. European music star Marta Eggerth is in the presentation of Lily Mars as the star of the show who for the first time refused, then angry and finally, to understand Garland and Heflin. He made several films with MGM and then returned to Europe for more work on the continent. I use MGM not knowing what to do with him and his good Hungarian inspiration, although Louis B. Mayer has never met his favorite soprano. <br /> Van Heflin does well as a producer of patience who puts a lot from Garland and Eggerth. Heflin was coming from Oscar to Johnny Eager last year and he and Garland would not seem to be the best team of screens, but not together. <br /> <br /> Submission Lily Mars is a fine display for Judy Garland talents. And he did not share on the screen on another film backstage with Mickey Rooney.
