I have seen the Slaughter Up several times over the years, and I always found a fun slasher with an unusual sense of humor, but I never knew that it was done in the UK, and I never knew that actor Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) committed suicide after the film release. I think I saw when you were looking at last night that the investigators seem to be common to Americans, and a few of them are not very good to hide their English accents. All of the aside though, this is the story of the nerd class, Marty, who is a joke fabric from his classmates, and one day, April's stupid day, has built a girl's glass room and one Caroline Munro (yes, play a boy) and a lot of shame on the film. Of course, the coach takes a working team and they are all given a great task to punish them, but not before two boys intervene in Marty, which tries to smoke in a chemistry laboratory, but is full of something that makes the patient and when he runs in the bedroom, one of the His class students come in and put the chemical that takes with something Marty combines, which causes the fire and dirt of the nitric acid, which draws the bad Marty burned and destroyed. Ten years later, this one group travels to their first Doddsville High class, which is seen to be in the form of incompatible conditions, but due to their ability to enter and find opportunities seems to have failed ... except there is a place where banquet and alcohol are set and so of course, eat, drink, and have fun. Recently, they will die, of course. <br /> <br /> The group is hit directly by the model in the mask of the jester, but can it be Marty? They don't know, they discover that he is bin bin loony or he works for IBM, they don't know who they are. But who, he is doing a quick job for them. Especially bad is a girl who cleans herself from one of her class pupils whose grass had come out of her when she was drinking beer. He is a victim of an acid bath that I believe has been one of the previously mentioned parts of the tape, because it seemed very bad when I looked at this time. I could have been wrong but I believe it wasn't on the tape. At any rate, there is an end to the end, and it also has a picture not on tape, I believe. There is also a bit of the earlier weakness that was also exciting, but apart from that I didn't realize if there were other bits on this version is not, maybe so but it has been a while since I last seen. br /> <br /> At any rate, if you are a fan of 80 flicks of the player then delete the new DVD release, because it is a small slasher of fun and good mood and feel. 7 out of 10.
