This film was seen as a typical in the form of a cheesy of the 80s cheesy, which is my favorite kind of all, so when I saw it was free on Demand, I was watching! It is a star Caroline Munro, from all the films of Dr Phibes (was his dead wife!), Dracula AD 1972, The Golden Trip of Sinbad, Captain Kronos - Vampire Hunter, The Spy Who Loved Me, Maniac, and Faceless. <Br /> <br /> Bring to you and people back Do not open Christmas with pieces, Here's my thoughts on this ... <br /> <br /> Opens the Day of Fools of April, where a group of children play prank clearly on the school nerd- promising sex in the shower, and give him a public shame and face in the toilet (at all naked naked!). The coach leaves, but both sides take revenge. However, children with colds end up burning in nerd. Do it in the future, with its High School, or so they think (for example?). The only ones invited by the group were the group that had been the baby, and the stupid day of April (or indeed, the day before April's ignorance, but the joy begins at midnight), but they can't see the coincidence and depend on school until night. Then it comes to school and begins to increase. It gets food / drink and a small tomb for each of them, each of the cabinets and its items, along with the Marty (nerds) log and book. It also finds an old black / guardian who spends his time saying "Oooh yesser! Yesser! I don't want trouble, sir!" and then killed immediately. Meaningless, but still I love it. <br /> <br /> The movie takes a page out of Alien's book, in a fun way you should see! So everyone knows that they are dying, and begins to go back, except for Shirley, who decides that it is better to bathe in the old school water at this time. Of course, it produces blood and acid and its face descends (very cold, and you). All night goes as usual, sex, drugs, and Marty kill everyone when you wear a jester mask. "All we have done is to stay awake and wait until afternoon. Marty kills us during the middle of the day!". To a large extent, he said. It seems you can kill only at night. But what? Will they escape at night? Who will live and who will die? And why are all bodies lost? Use, buy, or steal this great film to find out! The movie is really very good, full of clichés (car start, DAMMIT!) And just a simple slasher fun. But they all have names like Carol and Nany and Frank and Joe and Susan. I recommend to you all! And, not to mention, has Spin Off! The risk of cutting by 1989 is to avoid this gem of slasher, and the movie begins to work on Brad Pitt and Roddy McDowell. A pleasant scene: 2 people are having sex, someone wants to finish but the girl is not recommended. "Say dirty to me, Frank!" Screams "Uh ... tits!" "DIRTIER!" "Uh ... tits .. F * ck tits tits Boobs F * ck." It seems to serve and at its peak, the murderer chooses both!
