God bless 80 films of slasher. This is a fun, fun movie. These are slasher films. Now I won't say awesome movies, just slasher films. It goes like this: the nerd of high school is taken by all these stupid jocks and supporters, and then one of their luggage goes very bad. Destruction and return of retaliation, Joker games / Jester mask (very interesting look, I can add), Marty begins to kill those young people after years later, after making them believe that their old school left school is having reconciliation. That is basically a conspiracy? What is wrong with that? That is the beauty of 80 slasher films, many of whom I could say. Many things can be very ridiculous, but they continue to draw you closer to 'when it goes. Especially this film. <br /> <br /> Shows some horrible killings, and some are also creative too. (beer can be, an acid bath, I can not remember the previously used javelin in any slasher film) It is really fun, enjoyable movie. That's all. Don't let the fact that the characters are full wizards, never think of their evil, and never put the things that happened, that happens in this film. Just like a killer-controlled light (even even to change any buttons, you will see) and potentially dangerous toilets, pools of acids from them, use only as part of your entertainment! Because that's what makes recreation. <br /> <br /> Movies like this represents 80 slashers. Never again can movies like this be made, know what? It's no longer 80. That's why you should thank them only, it's a good pleasure! I strongly recommend this film if you are a fan of hard Slahsers as Friday 13. 13.1 / 0/0/0/0% Last end this film also had to kick the villain kick, Marty Rantzen. The injured man, nerd, who kills all his former enemies in the mask of the creepy Jester. The beautiful villain makes a good slasher. Simon Scuddamore, who played Marty committed suicide just after Slaughter High. That alone adds something interesting to the film, and it includes it and even makes you hear more of Marty's behavior, I think. All in all, great 80 slashers of fun! It's a shame that won't be any longer ...
