Edward Burtynsky is a Canadian photographer who makes the art of a few "good" things expected. Daily items such as fabrics, boxes, metal containers, etc. - things that most of us consider as the best users and dismiss him to be completely unsuitable - instead of being transformed into the glory of the Burtynsky camera. He fulfills these results based on the common colors and geometric patterns that seem to exist in the industrial world - for those with sufficient knowledge to see them, yes. Even the integrated garbage structures can be good things when seen through Burtynsky lens (but we didn't know already from "Wall-E"?). He is particularly worthy of photography such as mines and ships where Man has already done interactions in nature - which can explain why sometimes people in his photos (ie workers in those areas), and their uniforms and robot movements, The industrial environment. <br /> <br /> "The scenes made," a document about the work of Burtynsky, has a lot to feel "Koyaanisqatsi" about it because it defines us with its ancient colors of different colors and patterns. In fact, the director Jennifer Baichwal and the film's filmmaker Peter Mettler used the original picture of the video, just like their camera recordings Burtynsky and his assistant photographing pictures on a factory in China, a Bangladeshi compound, and website construction on the Three River River Gorge Dam project in China. For their work on water cameras, film artists represent the point-to-point beauty of Burtynsky pictures. In fact, the movie opens with a eight-minute shot to track the shooting of a Chinese factory which hundreds of workers fit the same and it looks for an array of horizontal and horizontal rows. <br /> <br /> The cinema does not down well when Burtynsky disappears to talk about the "theme" of his work, which, in fact, comes out to scream confusion, as opposed to the half of the bread. But it is like emotional experience, suggests images and forms, that "made themes" further reduce. In the case of Burtynsky, perhaps, the picture is really worth a thousand words.
