I had heard this film was a study of the art of an environmental photographer by presenting the beauty in enhancing the natural environment. In fact it showed the service activities to find places, photographs, and photographs with access to the ultimate art gallery. Put together in moving pictures is the right to show the obvious. This film comes with you to emphasize the shock of ghastly images and gentle waves of soundtrack sound sounds that guide you on slow moving the river. Each sequence stands on its own, but with eyes you get more and more into a sense of great power. There are a few words, this allows the size in what is shown to preach in his own way. A large, large-scale factory filled with human automata living in a dormitory. People who die early as they join the recycling trophies in our E-desired mountains. Barriers to the big ship and their destruction by hand in large monuments. Construction of the Third Gorges Dam, a major industrial project in human history and possibilities at all times. Time is lost as the city dies and at the same time is regenerated in a modern model which deliberately destroys all aspects of culture. The most horrible image of me was the dam engineer explains that the most important work of the dam was the control of the flood. A shooting change in the garden behind the speaker where you witness the end of the flood and the poisonous water that used the bark from the trees, indicating that there is nothing except the shade of the skin that can live in water. <br /> <br> clear that it is not said is more powerful than your regular preaching. Artist Edward Burtynsky describes this method in amazement. 'By saying what you should see? Many people today live in an uncomfortable area where you do not want to stop what we do but we know what we are doing is to create problems that run deep. Invalid or incorrect. It requires a new way of thinking '. The illusion of this occurs in / or a suggestion, but the films of the film cry out that the decision has been made too much for the dark side. Even though it is not directly explained in any way, as the waves of what you witness wash away from your knowledge and you think, there is only one possible conclusion? we are punished. Human development that cannot escape from our nature leaves behind the massacre that this artist finds incredible beauty. What he really takes is the songs of lemmings rushing without knowing about our own loss. Unlike many films and landscape landscapes, this ends without a phone call. It emphasizes exactly what it is, but it makes you guilty of blame for all of us.
