I read several mixed reviews and several of them had lost the movie. I was initially attracted to this project because it was led by Tony Scott and I have been very interested in his work after Man On Fire had a profound effect. Before I started my review, I would like to first say this ... it's amazing to see that this film could be told in an interesting and unusual way, but writers and Scott chose a different way. <br /> <br /> Plot: <br /> <br /> Defined, not boring. Most Hollywood films offer 'experimental' and 'realistic' plots that they know will connect with people, often ensuring the audience is accepted by the film and create a great potential for profit. This plot was one of the most interesting things I saw at the same time. For reference, I recently looked at 'The Man of the Weather' and 'Lord of War' and when I say that these movies are excellent, and I have enjoyed them all in large quantities, the stadiums in these movies are boring and they are told how you would like to tell them. They do not have any chance, and they are very predictable after checking the right amount of American films. Domino's plot is interesting and told in such a way that it prevents you from thinking, "oh man, they are screwed now." And I feel it was not available in most recent movies. It has a lot of depth to it, in my opinion, and it gives you many things to ask when you look at it. In general, this has given me a lot of interest in the film. Attitude: <br /> <br /> I felt that the characters were right. Knightley did a good job to show a beautiful woman, who was nothing but inside and wanted to be viewed as she was. It was obvious that he wanted to reveal himself and took any way he had. Choco was also credible, its use of Spanish in the wrong way, the result of the lack of Domino's love, along with its jealousy issues within the team ... all came to me, which made me feel that his behavior was more realistic. Rourke's behavior was more interesting to me, but it's still true to me. He seemed like an ordinary man, trying to reach the end. I hope that's what they did the film trying to accomplish with him because that's what I got. He did a great job of displaying Ed in the form of Joe's average way that made his mistakes, still trying to survive. Claremont / Women: I believe that they gave the most needed heart for the story. They were not just people who are out earning money to buy Bentley, these were real people who had a real problem and they looked for others to achieve that goal. You can share them with them because, for them, this baby's disease was a problem without another solution. These actors were required to show real people who are unfortunate who entered into this mess because they needed help. Group members: They made the story appear to be bad in a way that only the group can. And I liked that part. They also exceeded the story with a little solution that made the plot more interesting. <br /> <br /> Christopher Walken / Men 90210: <br /> <br /> They gave comic aid in another bad movie. From the words of the awkward of Walken for non-reference to 90210 men have beens. Their participation in the movie just made it more fun. <br /> <br /> Star .... yes .... movies. This is where the film appears to have lost many potential fans. But in my opinion I thought it was bold, the use of cameras to interpret the current situation was very effective in my opinion. I saw it a good way but it can use every time to improve, as well as anything else. I all congratulate and congratulate Scott, the editor, cinema movies and photography director for taking real opportunities with this movie. Not only did they go away and its presentation, they went further. The use of color, very thin and very dark has provided a 'look' of the film to look at the rough and uncomfortable that shows precisely the group life, the bounty and unfortunate hunters in a way that shows that their lives are 't like peachy or' pure 'like everyone else. If you are aware, when there are serious problems or collisions, there are a few cameras there if there are any. This suggests that Scott and his staff were trying to achieve something with this look and did not just do it for consideration. I realize that many people who watched this film did not look at it and caused many of them to turn off this film but I think it was good that Scott took this way. Hollywood films have become both predictable and widespread. Many of them are beaten in the same manner as the same. And I'm glad that Scott tried to do something different. Of course, this film is not for everyone, but to say it is garbage and does not provide anything to give is not quite sure. I enjoyed this film and I am glad that I used the money. I would like to recommend this to all people, but I am sure it will just hit hard with a few. I must agree with the original poster when he said that many of those who refuse to see outside the 'MTV' field will not enjoy this film, but I think most people will be. We should try to enjoy the fact that Scott and co. took the position and tried to give something that was different and unique. And for that in mind, I think he was very successful.
