Once I knew Keira Knighteley in this flick, I said "I should watch this film". He is a great unknown character, Domino, a virtuous hunter. His "work", as the "no" events will use us, shows his view of the amount, stupid for life. I must admit that it is the first time that I watch the movie action which the most important scenes are one that the gun is away from the hands of the characters. So, this hit me a little. However, for all John Woo's fans, there is a helicopter falling down, blast, gun like rain, and a beautiful Keira that comes with two machine guns, one by hand. Release is quite brilliant. Going beyond Keira, which in this movie is a real tomboy, is very different from the good figure of the act we have seen, Mickey Rourke is back, with his natural face thrown by his powerful body. Christopher Walken does his job well, as a real producer of truth. Let's go to the content: this film has a journalistic frame. Part of the talk show is a "real shame". Anyone who looked at the load. . . you know-what, you can say that this is the air that breathes in these situations. As a producer, when Domino's mother says that the truth that you should show Domino's life is "trash, no fault", she answers "I don't take it as an offense". This movie shows a difficult life. Domino, coming from a world that did not want him, Ed (Mickey Rourke), a bounty hunter "is not a virtue", Choco (a third party boy), what family (using Ed words,) "restructuring institution has been", and Alf , driver / striker from Afghanistan during Russian work. This group of people represents somehow a human being "without a shirt"; unlucky, violence, and without losing, gives (as they will think) life pain. The introduction of the film says that "you are guided by a true story ... more or less", so I couldn't tell you how much of these things are true. However, to go beyond the explosion and many weapons (which can be "added" to make the film easy to see, and counted the film action), the story of the characters is also true to be "beaten". The interaction between characters is different, you have learned well, and certainly you are boring. What is very unbelievable is the role of a psychologist (Lucy Liu, as wise as ever in his work career). It represents only the reason that Domino is telling her story (and that's a story). Probably, just "con", in a movie with a lot of "benefits". <br /> <br /> All in all: This is not "SWAT". The characters are made; they have identity, shape. They have the name and name of the name (not just "Gamble" and "Address"). It's a case of saying, it's a biography of a girl whose life went as fast as a shot.
