"Domino" has been widely criticized on this website for its "frequency" and "photography" style. It is unthinkable to say its fullness and refusal to be sent to "fashion on substances" I could not agree more. I believe that "Domino" represents the full length of the work of Tony Scott. After creating a Hollywood film film every year at the end of the eighth and early nineties Tony Scott has moved closer to the most popular films. As soon as "Crimson wave" Scott spent his stylistic talents to describe the inner world of its characters - claustrophobia and natural drama in the nuclear board submarine crisis were in the best use of long lenses as well as angle-repair. This was sent to the "Enemy of the Country" and "Spy Game" which appears to represent the world of surveillance and detective respectively. "The Man On Fire" was a sharp departure, entering the most interesting expression of delight. Here Scott used an old burned camera with a hand and flash frames to describe his explosive anger. Although it is not quite successful they have developed techniques that found their full expression in "Domino". It has been installed on the FBI screening device "Domino" offers the life of extraordinary bounty hunters through its pieces of memory. He holds records as we all do - with pieces, shining and small. Since Domino repeats his story with Scott he refers to it by showing it not only the events he tells but also the direction that leads them. He has a "mescaline effect" in his system but his personal vision is unusual - the woman who restored a luxury life to the hunting of virtue. It is when Domino starts talking about events that led to his transfer that Scott actually leaves you. With the film's film singer Dan Mindel and composer Harry-Gregson Williams Scott says the future of modern Americaana. Gradually we begin to realize that the phenomenon though he might be Domino has not been more compatible with the "90210" culture that he has refused. While losing through this melange culture Scott makes his observer more aware of the lack of innocence that destroys through the vulnerable children whose details are preceded. Finally Scott shows their salvation as the only escape we have from this surreal journey. <br /> <br /> Criticizing this movie to be overly stylized is the same as criticizing Picasso or Pollock for not representing which is recognized human. As any great painting means "Domino" located on the surface is everything. <br /> <br /> I am not any way associated with Scott Free but it has always been and will continue to be a great surprise for Tony Scott's work.
