Preliminary information: I'm sure someone will play and play a competition here, but when I saw the preview for this film, I thought "Finally!" I haven't seen one film about the popular African dance (to be popular hip hop, break, or enter) where the main character was a black woman. I have seen a large amount of movies where a non-black woman who knew nothing about hip hop comes fresh in hood and does a bad job (Breakin, Breakin 2, Save the Last Dance, Step Up), but Black Women in the film are not available. It was always confusing to explore a lot of hip hop, the assault of Africa, and breaking it was Black and Latinos in large quantities in these special sets and not always the men did, so I felt that this film has been a long time in the future. However, the race does not make the film, so I wanted to also carry a reliable plot; play is entertaining; and interesting to watch. Benefits: I enjoyed this great Jamaican culture. I can't remember we saw the famous film, the most popular where all the characters were Jamaican; had a reliable feeling; and they were not the same. Businessmen, family, friends, and even the "robbers" were all intelligent, real people who were trying to love, live, and live in the neighborhood they had made to do something positive. Even when the audience became aware that the sister of the main character chose an alternative to life, she still did not form a plot. I was satisfied with the way shown. I loved growing; A romantic sexual relationship continues between two steppers; experiments which parents of the main character went through; and how he was involved in returning to his former neighborhood and dealing with the Craba in the barrel. I respected that he was wise and powerful at the same time, and many other sistas in the films kept themselves in the world of action. They were all as good as fellas. I don't see it in many movies today, at least not the ones that will be considered the black film. Cons: I am not sure why directors or any other movie makers do it, but I wonder if they have been showing the actual action. Every time the steppers were ready to do, another hip hop song could play rather than be beaten by hand / feet of steppers. At the stage of action, there is a need for zero for music, unless perhaps attracting people in groups. Then when hip hop songs were played, sometimes the beat of the song was hit by the hands and feet of the steppers. It was difficult. I was even more surprised to enter this film against "Stomp Yard" (another great movie going on) because women were supposed to represent as strong as boys (in "Stomp Yard," Meagan Good got a few seconds of a particular prissy twirl and flip hair). and (Deltas?) allow chant and a few steps and cut off once). Even when there were very little incidents, women removed them, especially in a motor shop, and did not have all the music to enhance their physical music. I know voices should be sold, but filmmakers could play music in other parts of the film. <br /> <br /> I'm not a fan of the Cole Keyshia, so every time I've seen him, all I kept thinking about "Is it written in the script so that he can put his hand on the hip while speaking?" He seemed to worry on my screen. I thought they should use the army as Free or Rocsi instead. Deray Davis was funny as usual though. Also, I cried when I realized that the movie should be on the ghetto, if the entry could not happen anywhere. Hollywood, as usual. However, only a few people were shown to be ignorant because of their neighbors and lost, which the most popular movies are doing. <br /> <br /> I would like to give this film five stars, but playing for music kills me. I am sure the plan to buy when you go out and hopefully additional images will include real action that shows all songs.
