SPOILERS HOLDING: <br /> <br /> I am in very few here but I loved this film. It's not classic but it is definitely involving them with quite adrenalin fueled trips. I certainly thought it was worth at least 7 points. Maybe because I liked it because I haven't seen nature. Something tells me to have a movie like this is a powerful fan will be people who haven't seen the previous version and, therefore, have little to compare with. This was not a hub but I got into it very much and it really made me want to see nature. There were a few things I liked about it. One was made by Kowalkski. Viggo Mortenson was good and actually brought a lot of charisma to the role. Since the mass of the movie fell on her shoulders, she had to be the best and was. It was a great responsibility for him. Another interesting thing about Vansishing Point was the fact that it was done on television. I had no idea this was the case when you looked at it. It certainly seemed like a great motion of motion and I've never thought this was the release of big screens. I also realized the story. I am not one of the practical movies but I have been exposed to this. More was much more then a movie of action for that there was a game, story, love story, people of quirky every way in which you turned. (I've never seen a priest.) And it was touching. This was not a great movie but it is controlled. <br /> <br /> And then there is an end. It puts a strong punch and if someone is involved in the story to the point, it is very difficult to terminate the end. I don't know how I feel about the end. The meaning is that Kowalkski survived and although I am very worried about how it would be, it's a film and originality is not a link that is often in a mixture when making a film. I would like to say I have seen an uncertain end but not very touching in a way of observation, which is not as common as for some reason, it is almost forgiven for this film. True, many things were just a talent of conspiracy (would the criminals be no more?) But the creators got justice even if they had bad things too. However, after saying this, I will admit that I can understand why a person who is a great fan of the original will hate this version because, although I haven't seen nature, I have seen many original movies I liked to have good results. (My greatest love is south.) But I can understand the minimum level as nature is of high quality. <br /> <br /> People compare this to Smoky and Bandit. What about the road version of "Legends Of The Fall" meets "Thelma and Louese" too? I certainly felt the touch of both films (which I am a fan of.) I don't think yet, that this was a great film. It was better then the average me but far from the big. But it was an adrenaline, an adrenal translated, touching the film and giving us the best of the main character. My vote is 7 out of 10.
