In the Canadian film director Kari Skogland The film's innovative film of Margaret Laurence The Angel Angel Ellen Burstyn is Hagar Shipley, a proud and ignorant woman who is near her nineties who wants to remain independent until her end, by refusing to refuse to enter her home Marvin. Published Manitoba, Canada and put in the legendary town of Manawaka, The Stone Angel is a direct and common definition of the book needed to read in English classes of English secondary school for almost half a century. The name of the film comes from a stone stone built on the mother of Hagar's mother which serves as an example of Hagar's inability to express feeling during her terrible life. Burstyn brings weaknesses and humor to the role but also loves to fully recognize the character of the character, the self-defeating character that has harmed his rich father, the good but the husband of the alcohol, and his two sons. As he was approaching the end of his days, he shows that "pride was in my desert and the demon that led me to fear. I was alone, nothing else, neither free, for I carried my chains in me, and spread from me to me." connected with all that I touched "I / T" When dealing with his last days in the nursing home, Hagar looks back at his life and looks at his failures, his thoughts expressed in a loud voice-sounding. The story begins with the dance which he attended as a little girl. His aunt Dolly, she meets with her future husband, Bram Shipley, who was married (Cole / Wings Hauser), a poor farmer whose reputation in the city has been set up because of collaboration with the American population. The little Hagar plays with Christine Horne who is unique in her first role. In spite of Hagar's request, his relationship with Bram is rejected by his cold and hard father who refuses to attend the wedding begins on the wrong foot. This has been exacerbated by the departure of all his money in Manawaka town, condemning the young couple in poor life. Through his marriage to Bram, Hagar leaves out of social activities to prevent rejection and high class classes. When he is producing two children, Marvin (Dylan Baker) and John (Kevin Zegers), he cannot give them the love they need. "Any happiness I have made in my person or my child or even light of the morning", he says, "all had to stand up to break some of the right performances? What have I ever told the truth of the heart?" he could not tolerate further sanctions for his pride, Hagar leaves Manawaka in Ontario but eventually returns to Shipley's farm. <br /> <br /> As the place comes back now, Hagar relocates to a house left next to the sea that he remembers from his childhood to get home to nursing by Marvin and his wife Doris (Sheila McCarthy), Here meets a young man named Leo (Luke) Kirby who is attracted to her and forcing her to look and take responsibility for the mistakes she made in her life. The Angel of Stones removes all emotional feelings but does not fully develop its characters to the point where I heard any action in the story of the story, although the spirit of the spirit and Ellen Page as John's girlfriend but came out with the last moving events to bring new energy to half The second film.
