Airport '77 begins as a new 747 luxury plane is loaded with valuable paintings and such owned by wealthy businessman Philip Stevens (James Stewart) who is flying with them and a lot of VIPs to his property in preparation to be open to the public as a museum , also on board is Stevens' daughter, Julie (Kathleen Quinlan) and her son. The luxury jet takes off as planned, but in the air the plane is attacked by co-driver Chambers (Robert Foxworth) and his two accomplices Banker (Mark Markham) and Wilson (Michael Pataki), who knock down passengers and sleepy gas crew, they plan to steal valuable cargo and land on an abandoned airstrip on an isolated island, but by making its descent Chambers almost hits an oil rig in the ocean and loses control of the plane by sending it to the sea where it sinks into the lower corner right hits in the middle of the Bermuda Triangle. With shortness of breath, water leaking and having flown more than 200 miles off course trouble accumulates for the survivors as they wait for help with time running out quickly ... Also known under the shingle slightly different Airport 1977 this second sequel to the blockbuster airport success (1970) was directed by Jerry Jameson & while once again as its predecessors can not say Airport '77 is any kind of forgotten classic is fun, although not necessarily for the right reasons. Of the three airport movies I've seen so far, I really enjoyed this movie, only. He has my favorite plot of the three with a good air-hi-jacking and then the accident (he did not see the oil rig?) And sinking of the 747 (perhaps the manufacturers were trying to cross the original airport with another popular disaster film of the period The Poseidon Adventure (1972)) and submerged is where it remains to the end with a great dilemma facing those trapped inside, or suffocate when the air runs out or drown like floods 747 or if any of the doors are opened and it is a decent idea that could have contributed to a big and small disaster movie, but a bad character, monotonous dialogue, lethargic pieces and a real lack of danger or suspense or tension means that this is a missed opportunity. While the rather slow storyline keeps one entertained for 108 odd minutes not that much happens after the plane sink & there is not as much urgency as I thought it should have been. Even when the Navy gets involved, things do not increase much with a few shots of huge ships and helicopters flying, but there is something missing here. George Kennedy as the jinxed airline worker Joe Patroni is back but only gets some scenes and hardly even says anything he prefers to look worried in the background. <br /> <br /> The home video and theater version of Airport '77 Run 108 minutes while the US TV versions add an extra hour of filming including a new sequence of opening credits, many scenes with George Kennedy as Patroni, flashbacks to give body to the longer rescue scenes and the discovery or another pair of corpses including the navigator. While I would like to see this extra footage, I'm not sure if I could go through a cut of nearly three hours at Airport '77. As expected, the movie has badly scored with horrible fashions and interior design choices, I'll say no more than the effects of the toy airplane model are also not great. Along with the other two sequels at the Airport, this holds a prominent place in the Hall of Shame of the Razzie Award, though I may think of many movies worse than that, so I think that's a bit harsh. The action scenes are a little boring, unfortunately the pace is slow and does not generate much excitement or tension, which is a shame, since I think it could have been a very good movie if done correctly. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​are good if nothing spectacular. The performance is not good, two-time Oscar winner Jack Lemmon said it was a mistake to play James Stewart, who once won the Oscar, looks old and fragile, and also Oscar winner Lee Grant looks drunk while Sir Christopher Lee is There is not much to do and there are many other familiar faces to look at as well. The airport at 77 is the most disastrous of the three airport films so far, and I liked the ideas behind it, even if they were a bit silly, the production direction and lenient did not help and a movie about a sunken plane should not be so boring or lethargic. Followed by the Concorde ... Airport '79 (1979).
