When I was a little girl, my parents took me to the theater to see the interior. It was one of the many movies I watched with my parents, but that was the only one we went out with. Since then, I've never seen Interiors until recently, and I could have lived the rest of my life without it. What a pretentious, heavy and painfully boring piece of the 70's cheese and wine guts. Woody Allen is one of my favorite directors, but Interiors is by far the worst part of his career. In Ingmar Berman's unmistakable style, Allen gives us a somber, angular, mute vision for the life of a family forged by the psychological damages caused by divorce, estrangement, career, love, non-love, halitosis, whatever . The film, intentionally, has no comic relief, no music, and is drenched in dark pathos. This style of film can best be defined as expressionist in nature, using an improvised method of dialogue to illicit a "more pronounced depth of meaning and truth." But Woody Allen is no Ingmar Bergman. The film is painfully slow and bland. But beyond that, I simply had no connection or sympathy for any of the characters. Instead, I felt only contempt for this parade of dragged, whining, nicotine-stained martyrs in a perpetual search for identity. Amidst a backdrop of cosmopolitan wealth and bourgeois intellectuals baked, the story resembles a fart in the room. Everyone talks about annoying annoying and high language among cigarettes. Everyone is "lost" and "struggling," desperate to find direction or understanding or whatever, and it continues and continues to the point where you just want to slap them all. It's never about resolution, it's just about endlessly introspective babbling. It is nothing more than a psychological drama taken to an extreme beyond the ability of the public to connect. Woody Allen chose to make characters so immersed in themselves that we feel excluded. And for this reason I found this film painfully self-indulgent and spiritually draining. I see what he was wanting, but his insistence on promoting his message through Prozac's prose and distorted film techniques discarded the point of relevance. I highly recommend this if you are feeling a little happy and need something to remind you of death. Otherwise, let's pretend this movie never happened.
