The summer season is here when the choices in theaters are limited to what is the hottest movie of the week, given 99.9% of the screens dedicated to show it. Okay, so I can overstate the percentage, but you understand me. In addition to Hollywood stuff, Bollywood also has its own share of highly anticipated blockbusters, and some of the trailers shown, I look forward to watching them as well. Tashan was announced as one of the most anticipated for 2008, but I was quite surprised by the smaller-than-life attendance at theaters. When I watched Jodha Akbar, it was a full house, but it was not for Tashan. <br /> <br /> After watching, I knew why. It was fun, but it was fundamentally weak. As is the literal title in English, which means "Style," Tashan is all style but little substance. Not that it does not have the usual star power, but forced scenes, and some limited in a ridiculous, even by Bollywood standards, I must say. Which is quite surprising given that Tashan is directed and written by Vijay Krishna Acharya, who wrote Dhoom and Dhoom 2, which I thoroughly enjoyed. <br /> <br /> In his directorial debut with Tashan, as long as you can not criticize his direction, you would probably scratch your head over the plot, which at best was awkward. He tried to force a lot of things into the story, despite being given credit where he allowed you to advance on the character's motivation, but that came a little late, and only towards the end, which left him guessing for a moment before him. I got caught up in a full-fledged action, imitating many Thai action films, with the blank work of Hong Kong and the ridiculous guns and Hollywood shootings with zero retreat. And in an attempt to include everything including the kitchen sink, you have a variety of vehicles popping up, and what took the cake, in a tribute to Dhoom 2, was the jetski boat in the middle of nowhere. <br /> <br /> At best, Tashan can be enjoyed as unintentional comedy, and this is attributed to the way the cast engaged with its characters. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, a call center executive who teaches English, just as a platform to catch material for the new girlfriend. His playboy ways are left out when he meets Pooja Singh (Kareena Kapoor), who is not exactly who she looks like, the sweet and sweet hottie. She hires Jimmy to his boss, the gangster Bhaiyyaji (Anil Kapoor), who probably gets most of the laughter while speaking broken English and the phrases should like how an ah-beng does it. And to complete the quartet, Akshay Kumar plays Bachchan Pandey, an illiterate gangster who became engaged to Bhaiyyaji to hunt Jimmy and Pooja when they escape with money stolen from Bahiyyaji's business. <br /> <br /> So begins a road a kind of trip, with friends who have become enemies, and enemies you know will become friends as the journey unfolds. Jimmy Cliff is probably the most implausible of all, because he goes from zero to hero, performing moves that would embarrass Rambo in no time, which is quite out of character. Kareena Kapoor increases the sexual factor while using her charms to deceive the two men, and has many opportunities to do so, considering scenes of highly praised bikinis, and other costumes that pride themselves in necklines or sheaths high above the knee. Each character has a background story created, and I thought Bachchan Pandey of Akshay Kumar was probably the best, most touching and most entertaining, although his character looks a lot like an Incredible Non-Green Hulk with his heels that defy gravity and punches of energy packaging. His wounds also heal automatically, which impresses Wolverine. And the best part is his theme song, which is a fucking alpha male and played in ra-ra mode every time he faces opponents. <br /> But sad to say that this is the only memorable melody, something that delights "Bachchan-Pandey-Bachchan-Pandey". For most of the Bollywood films I watch, I will usually be able, in spite of the obvious flaws in language, to emerge from the performances by humming one or two songs. I was not able to do that after Tashan, because the songs unfortunately were nothing catchy. Typically, the music / dance routine works well in the plot, with no need to bring the characters out of the current scene or location. I like it rather than pluck them and put them in extreme settings on top of a mountain, or on uneven stones on the beach. <br /> <br /> Tashan probably did not take himself too seriously, but coming from Vijay The story of Krishna Acharya, you probably wanted something a little more decent than ridicule, and that continuity was a bit more careful too . Announced as a blockbuster, I can now begin to understand why the crowds have already avoided this. Although Akshay Kumr steals the show, Tashan could have been better overall.
