Is Kareena Kapoor's vision in a two-piece bikini about the only thing you wake up from your sleep while watching Tashan? the disappointing new movie maddening theaters this weekend. Bad movies are bad movies and we see some every week, but Tashan is not just a bad movie, it's a terrible movie. Terrible because it takes the audience to be guaranteed, terrible also because the filmmakers hope to escape without plot or any common sense just because they have great movie stars on board. Written and directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya, Tashan is what you would describe as a road movie, but one that is going in all the wrong directions. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, a call center executive who is hired to teach English to Bhaiyyaji - who is Anil Kapoor playing an ambitious UP gang desperate to stay cool. Jimmy has his eye on Pooja, the gangster's young assistant (played by Kareena Kapoor), who uses Jimmy to fool his 25-rupee boss. Determined to recover his money and also to punish Jimmy and Pooja, Bhaiyyaji recruits his most reliable henchman to do the job. Then you have Akshay Kumar as Bachchan Pandey, the loyal adviser to the Kanpur gangster who traces the guilty and recovers the stolen money that is hidden throughout the country. Much like those bad potboilers of the 80s, Tashan is also retained along with a threadbare script centered on a revenge graph. But the treatment is so exaggerated, so indulgent that it can not make a connection. Instead of a coherent script or a traditional three-act structure, you get a handful of scenarios around which most scenes are loosely constructed. That bawdy music in the desert, the bullet-destroying action scene in a fort in Rajasthan, Kareeena's bikini moment, to that ridiculous scene of climactic action complete with shaolin monks, a zip-up moped through a dirty naala, and believe it or not even a Tonga-style dhanno horse. Quite frankly, not all of these pieces are poorly made - the desert item music is actually pretty cool - but too little makes sense in the bigger picture because you're just going from one piece to another without any help from the script really. Little do you expect in a seemingly accelerated road movie to find a sickeningly sentimental flashback track about childhood boyfriends. You see the problem with Tashan's no one associated with this movie knew what movie they were doing. What's more, I do not think they care - the film smells arrogance. By arbitrarily packing elements of all genres without actually bothering to stop and see if the mix works, Tashan is like an overcooked stew. There are movies that kill you softly, and then there's Tashan, a movie that kills you too much. Packed elegantly with glossy camera finish, exotic locales and extravagant costumes, each frame of the film probably costs thousands of copies to assemble, but still looks like a hollow piece at the end because the story does not hold up. Boranting Tarantino's narrative and Stephen Chow's style does not help because they do not mix with the movie's fine plot. Someone may have complained a little less if the characters were more engaging, but Anil Kapoor's annoying Hilinglish dialogue makes you want to cut off your wrists, and Saif Ali Khan fumbles with the film foolishly, unable to find his feet. Kareena Kapoor, however, queen of overkill, does a decent job. But of course, if Tashan is somehow recovered, it's thanks to Akshay Kumar's irresistible presence and his spontaneous approach to the character. You cringe when he's putting his crotch repeatedly, and you frown when he does those double meaning dialogs, but not for a moment you can take your eyes off the screen when he's there. Despite good music by Vishal-Shekhar, the songs seem like they are just prolonging their misery. Well, this is because Tashan is a test of your patience. If you do not know, Tashan means style. Sorry to say that this movie has none.
