Masters of Horror: The Screwfly Solution begins when America is being infected by an airborne virus that affects the male population, when excited men indiscriminately kill any woman in sight, apparently in the name of God. Scientist Alan (Jasn Priestley) is brought in by the government and knows more than most and feels that the situation has gone too far, so he tells his wife Anne (Kerry Norton) to take his teenage daughter Amy (Brenna O'Brien ) try to survive as the future of the human race may depend on them ... <br /> <br /> This Canadian-American co-production was episode 7 of Season 2 of the TV series Masters of Horror, directed by Joe Dante I Thought the Screwfly solution was very bad. I personally think Sam Hamm's screenplay sucks, it takes itself very seriously and I really do not understand why it's part of the Masters of Horror series, the horror filmmakers are looking for in The Screwfly Solution is in the actual story itself and themes and ideas that brings rather than on-screen visual horror particularly the tenuous ecological message that sees intention in colliding our throats whenever it has the chance during its short strange 60-minute duration that I felt itself was a problem like the thing just ends what could easily be interpreted as need rather than any meaningful attempt to shut things down. I was also not satisfied with the inconsistencies with the story, if men only kill when sexually excited, why does the stewardess casually break the neck of that woman on the plane? He was sexually aroused, I do not think so. Why does every guy think he's killing in the name of God? I just can not see all the faces of the earth suddenly knowing the Bible and beginning to believe in God, I found the idea ridiculous and the program also clearly states that there is nothing religious about what is happening so what is the agreement with everyone thinking that they have a divine to kill any woman they see? So there is the fact that people are linked by different things, and gay people, for example? Will they kill men instead of women? I know there is a brief scene that makes a joke out of the gay issue, but it is conveniently brushed to one side and then there is the thing that bothered me the most. The fact that presumably every guy on earth became psychopathic and killed all the women they do in their day to day life as if nothing had happened, it seemed so stupid, the conspiracy is rubbish and to end things there is a finale that seems has been taken from a rejected episode of The X-Files (1993 - 2002) with a bright neon alien. Director Dante in this presentation definitely does not qualify as a Master of the Horror as far as I am. In question, the story is barely passed, it is so stupid considering that it is played as a mortal monster, and Instead of trying to make a proper horror show, it turns into a deadly thriller, with the deadly virus in loose situation and the subsequent mother and daughter. running around because of it, there's very little here in the way of what I would call effective horror and even less bleeding. There is a scene where a woman is stabbed with a broken bottle, a scene shortly after a guy stabs his groin with the bottle and another woman is stabbed in the stomach, but nothing more to write. <br /> <br /> Technically, like the other episodes is really good and does not have the appearance of a cheap TV series, the special effects are great as usual and it is well done. The acting is fine, but no one really stood out. The Screwfly solution is easily the worst episode of Masters of Horror I've ever seen, but keep in mind I have not seen them all ... yet. As a stand alone piece of entertainment did nothing for me and as a show done by one called Master of Horror disappoints me even more.
