Superman II - The Richard Donner Cut must be a fan's dream come true. Finally, footage seen only in photos and scenes that only existed on the printed page would finally come to life. A director who failed to complete his vision would have the opportunity to have his vision restored. It seems like a winning situation. And then you begin to watch this footage and realize that this "esoteric dream" is a true nightmare of sloth and incompetence. While it is entirely possible that no movie can compete with the perfect final version that each of us has imagined over the years, it really should have been an emotion to finally see this project. And it is only a few times. <br /> <br /> You know that things are unstable when the first text on the screen looks like computerized home-made graphics. But then we begin to see new images (alternatives to Superman - The Movie for the trial) and that first hesitation disappears. Hey, this is really cool! Things are fine for these fleeting moments until we see STM images interspersed with new effects for this project, and that is not convincing at all. And from this point on, it never stops working. It's probably not right to judge a movie because of bad visual effects, but when that's supposed to be the direct accompaniment to a movie whose slogan was "You Believe a Man Flies" it's hard to believe anything on the screen here. The best effects are those of the original productions. <br /> <br /> Another issue with this clipping. A lot of it just does not make sense. The only reason this really works is because we've all seen the theatrical version of Superman II, a movie that makes sense. Superman II of Lester fills the holes in this set. Part of this could be because Donner failed to complete filming, the other part could be because the makers of this project were determined to use as little of Lester's material as possible. What we end up with is a film set that makes the Superman IV look airy and coherent. After seeing this, we get the feeling that while Lester was faithful and comfortable using Donner's material, Michael Thau and his staff were extremely disrespectful of anything filmed by Lester. The best scenes in The Donner Cut are those that were raised relatively intact from the released version of Superman II. This includes the sequel to the moon and the sequel to the dinner, not ironically, both were filmed by Donner. But anything else in the movie filmed by Lester is reissued in such a hurried fashion, which now makes Lester look like a hamstrung fist knows nothing. While Lester honors Donner's material, Lester here is thrown under the bus. <br /> <br /> So, is there anything good about this release? Well, Marlon Brando is there, and that's nice to see. In fact, watching any material filmed by Donner is cool, since it was shot at the same time as Superman - The Movie. But this only highlights the issues in this release. Any of the main scenes (actually only Lois jumping and scenes with Marlon Brando) would have been better served as complete scenes in a deleted scenes section. Instead, they are tapped into a meaningless narrative with inferior performances (many alternative takes of familiar scenes are used) sloppy editions and bad decisions. <br /> <br /> Watch the opening scene on the Daily Planet. Why are we looking at Jackie Cooper's back as he calls Lois and Clark? In the end, why do we have Lois entering her dark apartment just to have the one followed by Jackie Cooper entering a dark bathroom turning on the lights? I was initially confused by this, because I expected to see Lois. The whole assembly is full of such questionable choices. <br /> <br /> The battle scenes are also a mess, with no geography between the cuts. It's just a random action. Of course the main action scenes were filmed by Lester and his material is only used as a bridge to the next set of Donner takes or substitutes. They should have used more of Lester's pictures, but probably were too proud to admit it. <br /> <br /> Slopiness also extends to the military missile. As noted elsewhere, the missile shown in The Donner Cut carries the designation "XK 10", while we all know it is the "XK 101"! A blind man in MTS knows that! The producers of this assembly, who tried so hard to honor the original film, dropped the ball less than five minutes and this error is indicative of the quality of the whole production. For all the supposed care that has been put into it, the end product has an air of malaise that is inescapable. <br /> <br /> The whole affair would probably be easier to digest if Warner's did not do it. separate release here in the states. As expected, we should pay for what is essentially a bonus disc of deleted scenes with a "Play All" option. It really is worth just one preview so we can finally see the legendary cut scenes, but after that initial preview, I hope this is an excellent magnet for dust and little else. I know that after my experience of watching this, I had a new respect for Lester's version. It's not perfectly, but Lester noticed the shortcomings that were in the script that stand out here in relief. He has managed to make a movie that has amused himself for many years and will continue to do so, while this new clipping will probably only be remembered as a footnote in movie history.
