I realized it was time to let that happen. Pokémon fans are currently suffering in America. Because? Because we rely on Kids WB and 4Kids Entertainment to provide us with our beloved series and movies. As far as the series goes, they do a good job at bringing the fun and magic of the Japanese versions onto television. So what is their problem when it comes to the cinema? Honestly now, I have seen all three movies in Pokémon in Japanese and I will definitely see the fourth movie. They are great movies. They are all nice and fun to watch. And, after seeing Pokémon 2000 in theaters, I can not help but wonder how these American producers read the Japanese scripts. As it turns out, it looks like they read and see something that says "insert empty morals here" into large bold letters. It definitely looks like they used the same wonderful dubbing methods they used in MSB (extreme sarcasm) and created that crap. <br /> <br /> * possible spoilers hereafter * Well, I think I should first talk about Pikachu's Rescue Adventure. My first complaint with this came without narration. I think they received bad enough comments about the Pokédex storytelling that plagued Pikachu's holidays, and instead of going with a gentle and gentle voice as it appeared in Pikachu on Natsu Yasumi and Pikachu Tankentai, they simply cut the narration . That would not have been a problem except for one thing. Did anyone really understand why Exeggcute did not let Togepi go all the way? Possibly the fans, but I'm sure not the parents. So there's the theme song. I could not stop rolling my eyes at this. The Japanese theme song was "Tankentai wo Tsukurou" and was sung by Japanese children. It was fun and enjoyable. This: nauseating. Now, one of my favorite parts of the short was the dancing Kireihana. Good music, fun to watch. That changed with Bellossom. The music was a crap of one, but in addition, all Pokémon chatted during the song, which turned out to be agitated, annoying and unnecessary. Oh, and then there's the Poliwhirl who thinks he's a Poliwrath. You would think that the guys who work with these characters constantly at least learn what they are. Basically, not much could save this dub badly doomed, which is very unfortunate considering its potential. But, I did not play the worst of it yet. <br /> <br /> You would think the warning signs would have been apparent to me when I received my Nintendo Power problem. For some unfathomable reason, I was putting some faith in 4Kids and WB. My thoughts were "well, they screwed up the first movie, but the second one is different on the subject, so they should do well." That in mind, I just did not pay attention to the warning signs I found in the theaters when the trailers said, 'You're going to believe that one person can make all the difference.' With the way they said that at every step, I was hoping that this would not turn into a moral holiday as MSB did at the end of the English version. Then comes the Nintendo Power, in which I see all my fears perceived in the words "the main feature" The power of one. "At that point, I became a little more uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> Sitting in the theater, I was literally getting stomach cramps watching another movie I loved in Japanese being turned into complete and complete trash I hear comments that say it was better because the morale was more subtle.I can see a point in this, since they did not like it, repeating it over and over like in MSB.However, it did more harm than any other "In the Japanese version, the inhabitants of Arshia needed to be able to see the world, and the people of Arshia, of a Pokémon trainer to carry out his ceremonial This time, he is the chosen one. One major way this caused damage was Lugia. Lugia was one of the coolest characters in a Pokémon movie ... when the movie was about Lugia. In this, Lugia is forced to sit in Ash's backseat. In the scene where they are flying back to the main island, Lugia and Ash are discussing the conditions of Lugia's existence, not that Ash will make all the difference. Overall, in this category, Ash was not really the 'person' that would make a difference, since he was helped by many along the way. <br /> <br /> Many of the other things are kind of nit picking. Furura's flute music was not as sweet and pleasant as the Japanese. Jirarudan's speech to them saying that their collection started with a Mew card? Ugh Even worse, Misty's indignation originally worried the way Moltres and Zapdos were being held. `Why did not you put them in Pokéballs when you got them? This is like caging them to be displayed. Quite different from whining about him thinking Pokémon are things to be collected as seals. If there was any real value of redemption in this, they came from Team Rocket. Some pretty funny lines. It's not really to make me laugh out loud, but more to make me laugh and slightly ease the pains in my stomach. Well, this was officially the last American Pokémon movie I'm going to see. I minded the third one and found it very nice. I'd rather not see another Japanese movie be ruined in the same way as the first two. I'll be importing the room too. Forget you, Kids WB and 4Kids. You left me for the last time.
