Okay, so I hear about this new Justin Timberlake movie that features some pretty big names. I mean great actors like The Freeman, also known as Morgan Freeman, a trump for Hollywood, yet completely wasted in this film. So we took Kevin Spacey, of whom I've been a huge fan since watching American Beauty and The Usual Suspects. Both great actors probably signed the movie thinking it would be a great movie, as I did when I heard the story. Then insert a new face Justin Timberlake. I say fresh faced because this is his first movie and rotten tomatoes have not yet hit him. Well the reason for this, I might add, is because no one will ever see this movie or even bother to read this review. The movie is so terrible that when I got there in the first 15 minutes of it. The characters were so one-dimensional that it makes some characters in the Bible look like Don Corleone. They picked up the unique liners and sound-bite-worthy stuff. The troubled symbolic black guy (LL COOL J) who is with a beautiful woman with whom he would not even belong in real life. The captain is this weeping fellow who speaks so loudly. And what shitty movie would be complete without the hero becoming richer because of an experience. Oh, and a lot of guns, I mean a lot. SPOILER (NO !!!) The type of armed fire that leaves everyone in the police force that is crooked and dead and the hero prevails. They have flamethrowers and rocket launchers, REally no kidding. <br /> <br /> In short, if you want to see Edison, you're a big fan of one of the actors, or a big fan of Justin Timberlake, all 13-year-old girls out there, enjoy! I wish I had more hands because then I would have more thumbs because this movie is so terrible because then I could give so many thumbs down that the thumbs down would not mean anything anymore because this movie is so terrible because it sucks that made me laugh in frustration with the story because that simply would not end because dismissal and shouting just kept happening. <br /> <br /> COULD HAVE MERCY ABOUT US and save us from these awful movies. Well, it could be worse, another terrible actor RNB turned singer turned terrible actor is inaugurate, hehe check out IN THE MIX lol, or even get rich or die trying. Now the special thing about this movie is that it has 30 year old men playing 16 or even younger teens. I could go on with this.
