Well, at least my theater group did, lol. So of course I remember watching Grease since I was a little girl, while it was never my musical or favorite story, it still has a special place in my heart, since it's still a lot of fun to watch. I heard horrible things about Grease 2 and that's why I decided to never watch but my boyfriend said it really was not that bad and my friend agreed so I decided to try but I called them and just laughed. First, the plot is totally stolen from the first and was not very smart, not to mention that they used the same characters but with different names and actors. Tell me, how did the Pink Ladies and the T-Birds continue years after the old gangs left? Not to mention the creator facing the enemy engine cycle, dammit, what a great resemblance to the guys from the first movie, just like those T-Birds, were just stupid and ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Another year at Rydell and the music and dance did not stop. But when a new student, who is Sandy's cousin, comes on the scene, he is hit by a pink lady, Stephanie. But she should stick to the code where only Pink Ladies should stay with the T-Birds, so the new student decides to train as a T-Bird to win her heart. Then he dresses up as a rebellious biker who can walk well and defeat the evil bikers by easily kicking the tips of the T-Bird. But will he tell Stephanie who he really is or will she find out on her own? Well, find out for yourself. <br /> <br /> Grease 2 is like a silly TV show that did not work. The gang did not click as well as the first Grease, not to mention that Frenchy's back was a little silly and unbelievable, because I thought she graduated from Rydell, but apparently she did not. The songs were not really so catchy; I'm glad Michelle was able to recover so quickly, but probably because she was the only one with talent in this small sequence, I would not recommend this movie, unless you're curious, but I warned you, this is just a pathetic attempt at make more money with the famous musical. <br /> <br /> 2/10
