Hollywood's mistaken obsession with sequels resulted in more shooting failures than successes. For every "Godfather II", there are dozens of "More American Graffiti's", "Stayin 'Alives" and "Grease 2's". While the original "Grease" is not a great movie, the 1977 adaptation of the Broadway feature has evocative songs from the 1960s, energetic choreography, and an engaging cast. When Paramount began working on a follow-up, the producers came almost empty in all respects that made the original a blockbuster. Fortunately for the viewers, Michelle Pfeiffer survived this experience and, of course, learned to read scripts before signing contracts. Her talent and beauty were already evident here, and Pfeiffer seems to express embarrassment at the humiliating dance routines and devious songs she is forced to perform. Maxwell Caulfield, however, lacks even the ability to express embarrassment, and his emotions range from narcotic to catatonic. What romantic interest, besides the hormones, would the cold and daring Pfeiffer have in Caulfield's expressionless? This monotonous mystery will linger long after the ridiculous Luau luau turns into a bad memory. Only special entries from veterans like Eve Arden, Connie Stevens and Sid Caesar have any wit, although Lorna Luft rises slightly above the lame material. <br /> <br /> Reviewers have complained about this, because "Grease 2" is always in comparison to the original, the film is missing. However, even taking on its own terms, the film is a clunker. After a frenetic opening number, which evidently exhausted the entire cast, the energy dissipates. With few exceptions, the original songs bear little resemblance to the early 1960s, and the only nostalgia evoked is "Our Miss Brooks" and "Sid César's Comedy Hour." The jokes are insignificant, and the choreography of a film directed by choreographer Patricia Birch is awkward to be polite. However, the worst films have been inflicted on the public, and ineffective sequels will be made as long as producers try to get a quick buck out of blockbusters. Unfortunately, "Grease 2" is not even unintentionally funny. Instead, the movie catches the viewer's attention as a bad train disaster. Just when all the bodies seem to have been recovered, the next scene plunges into even greater carnage.
