Nation Zombie 2004 R Hey, I was bored. I looked in my little Comcastic box to find a movie to watch. Zombie Nation? Hey, I love zombie movies. Says the filmmaker has some kind of cult following in the description. Funny how it does not warn me not to watch this movie. I could have used that advice. <br /> <br /> The Zombie Nation is like Troll 2, which is completely misnamed. It has little (or nothing, depending on your point of view) of zombies, and it happens in a city. This movie revolves around a crooked cop, who acts as badly as he can (he has to be trying to suck as much) while arresting women for trivial crap and then killing them. Yeah, he's a serial killer cop. Not only is this movie flawed in thinking it's a zombie movie, it also has its serial killer facts completely wrong. Serial killers like to kill, they live for this and they relate to them. This guy knocks down the women and injects them with some poison. He does not even have sex with the corpse or dismember. Talk about boring! Eventually, one of the five women he kills has Voodoo protection made for her and for no apparent reason, all five of them come back to life and go off to kill this guy. They were all buried or thrown into the ocean, but you would not know how to buy the clean, sharp clothes that everyone is wearing. Women then act very badly and take revenge. Oh yay. <br /> <br /> This movie was crap in all categories. Crap acting, crap writing, crappier sets and crappier makeup effects. Women do not look like zombies unless you count a very dark makeup around the eyes to be the de facto definition of what a zombie does. Everyone can speak, behave, think and act perfectly human. Blood is poor compared to many PG-13 movies and nudity is more than brief. You see glimpse of breasts in the opening sequence ... Then the same breasts later! Who knows. I think only one actress was willing to go topless for this banal. The police station is so poorly built that you can see where they have stopped painting the walls of the warehouse they are obviously filming in. You can see the pipes and the bad lighting and the setting too scarce and even unless you are blind , you can see the director failing. Avoid, it is a waste of time. <br /> <br /> 1/10
