I imagine that when scholars and Hitchcock experts meet together, the talk is not one of the great films of the Master as "North By Northwest" or "Strangers On A Train", but a less known effort like this one of 1931, obscure and seriously failed , which shows the great director in an incipient way. <br /> Emily and Fred Hill (Joan Barry and Harry Kendall) are a middle-class London couple trying to stay ahead. He resents his luck; she accepts it. Change comes in the form of a letter from an uncle saying that he will set them up so they can enjoy a life of luxury globetrotting. They make plans for a world cruise. But his troubles have only begun. <br /> <br /> Ask Richard Hannay, Roger O. Thornhill or Marion Crane. Well, Marion is indisposed at the moment, but you have the idea. Travel and Hitchcock walk together like moths and candles, preparing one for a dangerous trip at best. This is perhaps Hitchcock's first foray into this theme, not his most successful or memorable one. Hitchcock tries to mix the comedy with another element, in this case, the domestic drama, rather than suspense, but the two are not coherent, at least not here. <br /> <br /> The hills are a boring couple with no chemistry or personality. When they meet at the Folies Bergère in the form of cross-sections with images that look ten years older than the rest of the film, they get embarrassed by the clothes of the female artists. "The curtain went up too soon!" Emily sighs. "They're not dressed." <br /> <br /> When the hills move away from each other on a cruise in the ocean, it seems that a pity kills more than a tragic thing, even if the people they relate to are dripping, too. Emily's man Gordon (Percy Marmont) carries photographs of himself sitting next to empty chairs, which he suggests to be filled by Emily. Fred's girl, "The Princess" (Betty Amann), has the eyes of Clara Bow and the five-hour shadow of Wallace Beery. There is also a detestable passenger, a sloppy spinster that Hitchcock always introduces with a caricatural horn. Subtlety was yet to come. <br /> <br /> Everything is filmed in an abrupt way, with a confusing blockade and tense dialogue. Hitchcock tries some early comedy with Fred and his umbrella that do not go out, and Kendall seems to want to laugh while Berry tearfully tears. When Fred and Emily separate, they are seen being pushed into a pair of rickshaws, one of many clumsy attempts at symbolism. <br /> Emily is the only character vaguely nice, partly because she really cares. about her husband and agonizes over her affair with Gordon, but mostly because she is among Hitchcock's first magnetic blondes, her platinum curls whipping around her face like a Botticelli aboard the open deck of a Chinese garbage near the conclusion of the movie. The issues end with a perilous situation as a play for the protagonists to confront, and presumably repair their relationship. Only they are not active participants in the resolution, and except for the fate of a friendly cat, nothing about the final resounds. At least you have some nice views of London in the early 1930s, and a chance to see Hitchcock when he was still working for food. "Rich And Strange" is Hitchcock paying his debts and learning his craft, one for scholars, but not for casual movie goers.
