Granting the budgetary and temporal restrictions of mass production, BATMAN AND ROBIN, however, gain a place near the end of any list of "cliffhangers," totally devoid of the style, imagination, and atmosphere of their 1943 predecessor, BATMAN. The producer, Sam Katzman, was known as "King of the Quickies" and, as its director, Spencer Bennett, seemed more concerned with speed and efficiency than with the generation of excitement. (Unfortunately, this team also produced the two Superman series, starring Kirk Alyn, with its tacky flying animation, tin music and dull support players.) The opening of each chapter offers a taste of what's to come: completely futile titles . Batman rescues, "Batman vs. Wizard," "mechanical music," and our two heroes stumbling toward the camera looking around, confused or having trouble seeing through their cheap Halloween masks. Batman's hood, with the devil's horns and the eagle's beak, fits so badly that the stuntman has to adjust it during the fight scenes. His "utility belt" is a bundle of uncompromising tissue from which he can still pull a torch and an oxygen tube at critical moments! <br /> <br /> In any case, the lead players are wrong. Robert Lowery exhibits little charm or individual talent like Bruce Wayne, and does not cut a particularly dynamic figure like Batman. It creates the impression that you would rather be somewhere, anywhere! John Duncan, like Robin, has difficulty dealing with his limited dialogue. He is too old for the role, with an even older stunt filling for him. Out of the suit, Lowery and Duncan are as exciting as tired businessmen looking for a drink, without an ounce of the chemistry evident between Lewis Wilson and Douglas Croft in the 1943 series. Although the serials were not known for the development of the character, the previous Batman managed to present a more energetic cast. This offers a group that passes through the movements, not that the filmmakers provide much support. None of the bad guys stand out, and they are led by one of the most annoying villains of all time, "The Wizard." (Big name!) In fact, they are led by someone wearing a curtain, a shawl, and a bag over his head, in a dubbed voice that tries desperately to appear menacing. The "prime suspects" - an eccentric teacher, a radio announcer - are simply annoying. <br /> <br /> Even the "regular" comic book is superfluous. It's hard to discern much romance between Vicki Vale and Bruce Wayne. Despite the dangers she faces, Vicki displays virtually no emotion. Commissar Gordon is not too bright. Unlike the previous series, Alfred, the butler, is a mere walk-on whose most important line is "Mr. Wayne's residence." They are props for an incoherent plot, full of tricks, incoherent, even more overloaded with uninspired, repetitive music and amateur production design. The exterior of the Wayne Mansion resembles a suburban middle-class home on any sitcom, the interiors of a cheap roadside motel. The Batcave is an office desperately in need of renovation. (The costumes are kept wrapped in a file!) <br/> Too bad the filmmakers could not invest more in creating an exciting adventure. Although the availability of the two DVD series is an advantage for any serious "Batfan", one should not be fooled by the excellent illustrations on the box. They capture more of the comic book's authentic humor than all 15 chapters of BATMAN AND ROBIN combined. <br /> <br /> Now, the good news - this is not the 1997 version!
