Steven Seagal, Mr. Personality himself, this time is the greatest stealth pilot in the United States, who is promised forgiveness of the military (..that attempted to steal his memory at the beginning of the movie by which he escaped from the base, then captured after Interrupting a gang of thieves in a gas station shooting) if he successfully infiltrated a terrorist base in northern Afghanistan operated by a group called Black Sunday, who commanded an Air Force poacher thanks to an American traitor. Along with a fellow pilot who admired the traitor, Jannick (Mark Bazeley), John Sands (Seagal) will fly to enemy territory, receiving help from his Arabian mistress, Jessica (Ciera Payton) and a freedom fighter, Rojar (Alki David). they are on the floor. Jannick is kidnapped by Black Sunday leaders Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) and his executioner, Eliana (Katie Jones), and Sands must figure out how not only to re-take command of the hijacked stealth fighter, but rescue him as well. And, perhaps, Sands can take revenge on the traitor he trained instead (Steve Toussaint) in the process. Sands has 72 hours until General's Navy pilots bombard the area. Aboard the stealth, Black Sunday equipped a biochemical bomb, hoping to detonate it in the United States. Seagal has the chance to shoot Afghans when they do not cut their throats with knives. The film is mainly machine guns and bodies falling dead. The Afghan scenario is not based on scrutiny (or the ease with which Seagal and Co. are able to move through the area so easily detected) and the plot itself is nothing to write about. The movie is edited quickly, the camera is a bit uneven. Seagal is not as active a hero as he once was and his action scenes are well edited, where we find it difficult to see him defeating his enemies, unlike the good old days. One of Seagal's poorest efforts, and he is as discreet as ever (..is not a compliment). Even more disappointing is the fact that Seagal never fights in hand-to-hand combat with the movie's top villains, it's a shame. It does not even grab a wrist or break a neck in any way visible (.. sure, we see a slight resemblance to some tool being thrown around, but it's not as clear an image as I like because the filmmakers have editions so fast and close stunning stunts).
