Flight of Fury begins when General Tom Barnes (Angus MacInnes) organizes an unofficial test flight of the X-77, a new poacher with the ability to literally become invisible. General Barnes gives his pilot Colonel Ratcher (Steve Toussaint) the job and everything goes well until the X-77 disappears, even more literally than Barnes wanted while Ratcher flies to northern Afghanistan and hands him over to a known terrorist group like Black Sunday. Led by Peter Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli), who plans to use the X-77 to fly into undetected US airspace and drop some bombs that will kill many people. General Barnes is worried about the loss of his plane and sends to the army of a man John Sands (co-writer and executive producer Steven Seagal) to retrieve it and kill all the bad guys in the process ... <br /> / > This American, British and Romanian co-production was directed by Michael Keusch & was the third film in which he directed Seagal after the equally horrible Shadow Man (2006) and Attack Force (2007), luckily someone decided that the partnership was not Working and an innocent public was fortunately spared any collaboration between the two. Apparently Flight of Fury is an almost scene remake per Black Thunder scene (1988) starring Michael Dudikoff with many of the same characters even sharing the same name, so the exact same dialogue could be used without the manufacturers having to change things like names , though I must admit I've never seen Black Thunder and therefore can not compare the two. Flight of the Fury is a terrible movie, the waste of badly made and written time that Seagal specializes in these days. It's annoying even if it is not so slow, the characters are bad, full of clichés, things happen at random, the plot is bad, the reasoning behind the events does not exist and is a very lazy production, since it never convinces the viewer that they are anywhere near Afghanistan or that proper military procedures are being followed. The action scenes are thighs and there's no real excitement, the villains are boring, just like the heroes, and it's down there with the worst that Seagal did. <br /> <br /> Flight of Fury seems to be largely done. of filming that does not even fit so well, the background can change, people's clothes change, the area changes, the sky and the quality of the movie change very abruptly, since it is obvious that we are watching clips of other (better) inferred movies. Hell, Seagal never gets close to a plane in this. The action scenes consist of so poorly edited shootings that it's hard to tell who's who and, of course, Seagal breaking people's arms. All production seems very cheap and of poor quality. The IMDb calculates that I had a budget of about $ 12,000,000 that I think is total rubbish, I mean, if that's where all the money went? Although set in Afghanistan which is an arid desert of the war Flight of Fury looks like it was filmed by my local forest, it was actually shot in Romania and the Romanian countryside does not make a convincing Afghanistan. The acting is as bad as one might expect, and Seagal seems to be nicknamed again. The Flight of Fury is a terrible action movie that is annoying, amateur and is almost a remake of scene from scene to another movie. Another really lazy and poorly produced action thriller from Seagal, why do I even bother more?
