After the terrible Attack Force, chances were that Seagal could only take a step forward with Flight Of Fury. For out-stink Attack Force it would take some doing. Flight of fury is a marked improvement in general, but still in the grand scheme of thought, mediocre. Mediocrity is apparently an achievement for Seagal these days, a sad realization of the decline of his film career. Where Attack Force was a mishmash of dramatically altered plot lines from conception to filming to post-production, Flight of Fury keeps the plot simple. Someone steals a high-tech poaching, planning to use it to fire chemical weapons (which we later discover bizarrely, will destroy the entire world in 48 hours). Seagal has to get the plane back. It's that simple, no annoying sub-plot and conspiracies weighing the film like many of his recent works. This is not to say suddenly that the narrative is good, it is very bad. The introduction of minor characters is poorly done, for example. <br /> <br /> In cinematic terms, FOF is bad. It is misrepresented by all involved, and Seagal seems bored to tears almost. He only has the appearance of a child who has been forced to perform the nativity of the school against his will, and thus presents himself with a constant grimace and a half-stupid air. Can we blame Seagal when the material is so unambitious and crunchy? Not really. This is the final film from his Castel Studio multi-image contract. Producers can not bother doing something remotely good, promising a budget of $ 12 million, and (after the mandatory Seagal 5 million) probably pocketing a good portion of them (if the film was made for the remaining 7 million) then I'm Elvis Pressley!). So, in that regard, why should Seagal focus on a movie that has already been distributed before it's done? Fan's can argue, at least it owes them the effort. He's seriously looking tired, and the continued use of stand-ins and dub-overs is another indication of that. Michael Keusch drives with some efficiency while cinematography is very good, but in all technical areas (and as usual with Castel, a standard stunt team) there is nothing more than mediocrity, and nothing to help the film rise above his material, and bored leading man. Again, there are some action scenes focusing on different characters from Seagal, which, in fact, we do not want to see. <br /> <br /> In general, the action is not so bad. It's good and violent, and every once in a while we're toasted with some Seagal beatings, but nothing special. Partly due to a stunt team and the lack of time to film anything very complex or exciting. For me, Shadow Man was a nicer movie because, ignoring the incoherent and cluttered plot, there were more vintage Seagal moments, and more of it in the center of the stage. It never disappeared for long periods during the movie. Seagal disappears bizarrely during an action scene here, and reappears later, with little explanation. There are a lot of footage used. Using stock shots is not a horrible thing, but using it as a crutch is. We are treated with innumerable plans of warships, all the time, that become annoying. In addition, the continuity of filming is all over the place (just check the scenes, cut and change). <br /> <br /> The movie is in the middle of the street. It says all that the best scene of the movies is a completely unnecessary and gratuitous girl in the scene of girls, with two hotties. Seagal even briefly livens up, too! Overall, this may be one of the best stock-based actioners out there, but that does not mean much. This will please many fans, but they should keep in mind that Seagal himself would probably want to forget the existence of this person. **
