It has been said, "a city on the hill can not hide" and Virginia City, Nevada, perched beside Mount. Davidson at 6200 feet west of Tahoe, is a prime example, or in the context of the film, it should be. Virginia City exploded in the American dream as a rain of gold and silver, suspicious the same year the Civil War began. It was the cradle of the dean of American letters; It was where a young reporter named Samuel Clemens began using the name "Mark Twain" and became America's most famous writer. It was also the birthplace of Hearst's great fortune and John Mackay's launch pad, which became America's richest man, the third richest man in the world. Hey, they should have made the movie about it! In the 1860s, the city of Virginia was the thriving city of all the booming cities, home of the great bonanza, once the largest "metropolitan" area west of St. Louis and east of San Francisco. But Virginia City misses all of that and it's more about a North / South duet between the characters played by Errol Flynn and Randolph Scott. Flynn is Captain Kerry Bradford, a Union officer who is a prisoner of war in a concentration camp commanded by a Confederate commander named Captain Vance Irby, played by Scott. These two are always getting in the way of each other. Bradford escapes and then tries to prevent a consignment of gold bars from being "stolen" from you by anyone else. . . Irby! "Hey, what's he doing here?" Horrible. Bogart plays a laughable Mexican bandit who can not decide which side he is on. Miriam Hopkins plays an obscure character named "Julia Hayne", obviously a historic onslaught on the city's first lady, Julia Bulette, who in real life is a famous prostitute. She goes to Washington and talks to Honest Abe about saving BRADFORD (not Irby) from hanging and blah blah blah. Who knows. They should have hung the writer. In "real life" Twain reports that on the last day of the war, the setting sun caused the American flag at the top of Mount. Davidson appeared to the intrigued residents to be strangely ablaze, like the movie. Three days later, they discovered that on that day the South capitulated. An interesting quirk in the film is how comrades Alan Hale and Guin Williams throw their guns forward when firing, as if they were fishing, or trying to make the bullets fire faster. Not a bad idea for the movie. The same kind of nonsense is lathered over sap and corn throughout the film. Wow, how could they lose the madness of gold, wasteful wealth, armed battles in the silver mines, Mark Twain being driven out of town and beaten after a showdown, the tortuous railroad, the fire of the Opera House, Artemis Ward, Bulette's huge funeral, the Chinese tongs, the black halls, the auction. . ? All this on top of a mountain surrounded by the desert? The truth was unreal. Did your fabulous wealth really bring about the great American holocaust? Well, if you tell this movie, it would not be the first disaster to leave Virginia City. It is a disappointment to fans of Virginia City, because it misses what made the city a "city of illusions", where evil is said to escape from the ground. . . Okay, besides, it's a fun movie. Flynn and his gang are always great, no matter what story they are destroying. If Flynn just threw his rotten self I would double my rank.
