Hysterical hyper-joy of the 50's, more lofty, giving new meaning to antisocial and pathological behavior. Danza and Grayson will leave you begging for mercy. <br /> <br /> It's a shame that everyone involved in the production of this movie is dead (or in nursing homes). I kind of thought about suing them for torture. As this movie began to release its blatantly aggressive operatic attack on my poor, helpless ears, I felt an instantaneous and strong pain engulf my whole being. This damn muscle vibrato can destroy Soviet tanks in tiny pieces, forget the glass. <br /> <br /> "Why did not you change the channel if you did not like it?", you may ask in anger. Fair point, fair point ... The answer is that I wanted to, but the pain was so sudden and excruciating that I fell to the ground, writhing in agony. With my last ounce of energy, I tried to reach for the remote, but I could not. <br /> <br /> A silly fisherman with the questionable talent of singing with an annoying opera voice is discovered by Niven, who then proceeds to "pigmalionize" him. Lanza is in love with asymmetrical Grayson, but she predictably treats him with contempt until they finally connect. This may seem like a fairly fine storyline, but this noisy movie is so filled with songs and chants that there is almost no dialogue at all. This movie is relentless. Forget torturing hippies and prisoners of war with Slayer's Reign In Blood (as in an episode of South Park). Whatever the small talk that exists between the silly adults who infest this strange musical world of the 50s, it's all childish - as if they were all 6 years old, representing adults. I can only envy people who find movies so funny. It must be great to be easy to please: what a world of wonder would open up to me if I could enjoy any silly old joke as hilarious and strident comedy. <br /> <br /> But let's look at this phenomenon, the 1950s musical. My best guess is that the 1950s musicals offered the most dreamy idealists among us a glimpse of Utopia or Heaven (depending on whether you are going to church or going to the tomb of Lenin), or at least a very tacky version of these ghosts. inspired places. TTONO is more like a representation of hell, but that's just me. I do not seem to "catch" musicals. People talk, there is a story - but all of a sudden, everyone starts singing for about 4 minutes, after which they abruptly calm down and then pretend that nothing abnormal has happened! When you think about it, musicals are stranger than any science fiction movie. Even worse, TTONO (my favorite type of pizza, by the way) is not just a 50's musical, but one with operatic winches. The opera is proof that there is excessive vocal training - to the point where it becomes a weapon that pierces the ears, rather than a means of bringing the listener's pleasure. The clearest example of this farce is when Lanza and Grayson unite their vocal powers from the dark side to a truly unbearable duet. I tried to turn down the volume. I went down from 18 to 14. Then from 14 to 10. So 8. I ended up getting down to a 1, which is usually so low that it is only heard by specially trained dogs and certain types of marsupials, and yet I could still hear those two braying like donkeys! <br /> <br /> Take the scene in the small boat on the river. Dance begins with one of his deafening and deafening songs, and then ... nothing. No animal anywhere to be seen. Even the crocodiles, who are mostly deaf, went away. If you look carefully, you may even see the trees changing color from green to yellow in a matter of minutes. No, this was not an error of continuity, it was an ancient torture of flora. And those trees were only matte paintings! Imagine how the real trees would have reacted. <br /> <br /> The reason why glass breaks when a high C is belched out of belly over weight of a screamer is not due to laws of physics related to waves and frequency, but because the glass is only human - so it can take so much pain before committing suicide through spontaneous self-blast. I can hear the loudest and friendless death metal band for hours, but just give me a minute of soprano and I have a shrill headache.
