Totally ridiculous. If you know anything about poker, you will find it to be absolutely terrible but also fun because it is so clueless. The nerd who made this movie is obviously very religious and knows a bit about the game of poker, but I doubt he has played above 3-6. (I do not think he knows anything about golf either.) Where to start. I have seen better productions in the Introduction to Cinema class that I did in the first year of film school. The actors to watch in this movie are Queen Momma, Scotty Nguyen and the loser who can never win in poker. Everyone is as wood as they come, like the bad porn actors. The man in the movie begins in the opening sequence is the only reason the movie was made. He is a railbird who does not play poker and never has a line of dialogue, but the actor is the man who obviously paid for the movie. I can not think of a more useless waste of money than this man struggling to get this useless production. It is fitting that he plays such a useless role. <br /> <br /> There is very little poker in this movie. Most of the time is spent on useless secondary characters, whose plots are not solved at all. Queen Momma has a scene-stealing scene where she plays her loser boyfriend through a window and tries to shoot her brains. Also the anonymous Arabs at the convenience store also give brilliant performances when they debate whether they should beat or kill an older lady who steals them. Their subtle performances are easily among the highlights of the film. This makes you wonder why they bothered to get all these white people to play the leads. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, complete nonsense. Plan 9 of the Outer Space has a bit more consistency. If you play poker, you may want to laugh. Also, if you are a Christian, you can enjoy some of the heavy religious conversations that pepper the film like useless pepper. I hate movies made by religious people. Especially those who think they know something about things about which they know nothing. It's sad that Jennifer Harman and Scotty Nguyen got involved in this farce, because I can not stop thinking about less of them. They must be envious of Johnny Chan for entering Rounders.
