Let's get into the world of this movie for a second, so you can better understand the kind of movie we're dealing with here. <br /> <br /> Edison is one of those really stupid movies where the villain and his henchmen have loosing 50,000 bullets firing on the good guy behind walls and pillars, screaming at them, and then finally getting to the good guy face to face and instead of killing him ...... instead of wasting this guy that caused you so much pain .... instead of just climbing and POP! ..... What do you do? The bad guy ..... he talks to him. He picks up the good guy and talks to him while holding his gun. DO NOT HAVE ANYTHING TO TALK ABOUT! SHOOT IT! SHOT NOW! But he talks to him anyway. Oh another thing. In the end, a newspaper reads "THE HISTORY OF PULITZER PRIZE WINNER HERE" or something just above the front page of a newspaper when it is the first time the story is printed. So how on heezy did someone get a Pulitzer for him so fast? Do you know these kinds of stupid movies? Yeah, well, that's Edison in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> You catch Mr. Morgan Freeman and the crafty Kevin Spacey, who both play in their roles completely, LL Cool J, who makes ugly every moment of the movie, proposing to his girlfriend in a damn nightclub everywhere, and what's the last sentence "Duck" was something like a lethal gun movie that was never made ... and Justin Timberlake whimpering and vomiting every time he talks, little arrogant bastard The only bright spot it was a crazy Dylan McDermott making his best impression of "Denzel's Training Day" which was quite entertaining. <br /> <br /> Oh, yes, what about the movie? Hey, something about scandals involving the fictional police of the Edison City Special Unit called "FRAT (I swear I'm not making this up) that should be an obvious SWAT game." "Anyway, little news super-singer Justin Timberflake sniffs after a murder involving 2 FRAT officers in disguise, and he runs off looking for a story, gaining the confidence of his boss (Freeman) along the way, while both unveil something even bigger and sinister than either thought.It's like a pelican short bootleg meets a half-lowered day of training.The pace was slow and off, the script was horrible, and the acting was extremely uninspired.He jumped in all the places without going anywhere. People put in a coma and you forget about them Everyone in this movie just DOES NOT THINK That stupid movie It's becoming harder to write any kind of review because the movie left my brain in the second that ended. .. No lie Basically, do not waste your time!
