They should send this sketch to all filmmakers who intend to reach the Hollywood bus station. They then fill in the blanks and define their history in any hick town or urban ghetto from which they have just arrived. You know exactly what this movie is about from the opening shot, four boys playing in slow-motion grainy, accompanied by voice-over narration. The next stop after the bus station should be to buy the stock footage of four young boys playing in the grainy slow motion. Once they grow up, it is easy to identify the writer / director among the four. He is the quiet, contemplative, long-haired man who is never seen without his composition book tucked into his pants. That means his outstanding talent for writers will be his passage from Hickville to Hollywood. There is just no writing or directing talents on display here. And if you still can not figure out which one it is, here's a tip: the author and his character have the same middle name. It took him over an hour to find out that these twenty-something men were still supposed to be in high school. What looked like a prison was apparently a high school, the principal turned out to be the principal. Once again, the poor misunderstood rebel can crush everyone in the movie on asphalt, murder and loot, but is powerless to face his alcoholic father. How about hitting back, boy, how do you do everybody? Numerous wrestling scenes with no apparent purpose. Horriblely bad dialogue. Lots of badly blurred scenes. Cartoon characters continue to appear as little players and extras, drawing unintentional laughter from the audience. Exaggerating to the extreme. And if you do not get the important speeches, or the slow-motion scenes, just listen to the arrogant music. This will give you clues and what you should feel. Poor Marisa Ryan must earn many frequent flyer miles while traveling the country working on these amateur regional films. The biggest sin is that the public should feel sympathy for boys who kill old women, trample puppies chained to a tree, steal and steal, complaining all the time about their sad and sad lives. But if we could get out of this hickory town and go to college. Yes, this is the ticket. Why do every twenty-something filmmaker believe that his life so far is so important, so interesting, that the world can not wait to see it on the screen? If this movie is as autobiographical as it seems, then the author should be looking over his shoulder at the cops with fugitive warrants.
