When Sam Peckinpah's superlative THE WILD BUNCH (1969) opened the door to outrageous screenings of graphic film ultra-violence, he did so with a talented (though marinated) camera-directed hand and had a compelling story with characters who had real depth , but before long there were dozens of imitators who fell far short of the benchmark set by Peckinpah's epic, and SOLDIER BLUE definitely fits into that category. <br /> <br /> SOLDIER BLEW, er, BLUE tells the missing story. New Yorker Cresta Lee (Candice Bergen), a blond proto-hippie girl who has been "rescued" from two years of "captivity" between the Cheyenne and is now being sent to a fort where she will be reunited with the bride. wants to get married for his money. Also aboard the wagon on which she is traveling is a consignment of government gold, money that the Cheyenne need to buy guns, then in a short time the soldiers are eliminated and Cresta flees to the hills, accompanied by Honus Gant (Peter Strauss), the lonely rider surviving. Calling Gant by the sarcastic nickname of "Soldier Blue," Cresta demonstrates that his years among the "savages" were time well spent, surpassing Gant in survival skills, good sense and pure fun, and on his journey to the fort that must persevere the elements, a bunch of hostile Kiowa, an unscrupulous trader? played by Donald Pleasance, here giving one of his most ridiculous performances, and that's saying something? and in the tradition of many romantic comedies of the West, one to the other. <br /> <br /> During the course of their misadventures, the two opposites are inevitably ?? and predictably ?? attracted to each other and eventually end up getting in ?? while Gant has a freshly treated bullet wound that was cleaned through his leg, not less? in what was certainly the only cave conveniently located for at least a 12 mile radius that was not filled with rattlesnakes, mountain lions, or who knows what, not to mention the Cheyenne, who could have done something really elegant with such a cousin apartment (there I go, thinking in real estate terms in New York again). Realizing that his love could never blossom out of the cave, Cresta leaves Gant and arrives alone at the fort only to discover that the responsible idiot will not spare a couple of men so they can rescue Gant; the regiment needs all the personnel available to launch an attack in the nearby village of Cheyenne, and once Cresta learns of this, she slides by her obnoxiously horny husband and makes a direct direct route to Cheyenne to warn them of what is for coming. <br /> <br /> What happens next is what won the film its infamy; It turns out that all the mischievous and crazy fights were only a reference to a hideous reconstitution of the Sand Creek Massacre in 1864, an orgy of rape, torture and general sadistic malice perpetrated in the name of "keeping the country clean." and almost forty years after its release, this sequence still disturbs and sickens by its sheer cruelty. Are children trampled under the hooves of pack horses or impaled in bayonets, are unarmed people being decapitated? a good effect, I have to admit ?? the women are stripped and taken by gangs of savage brutes, then raped and mutilated ?? in a truly disgusting example, a bare naked woman fights too much, so her rapist decides to cut her breasts, which fortunately only see the beginning of before the camera moves to register some other hideous act? and dozens of innocent people are shot and dismembered, their compact parts impaled on spears and waved at victorious celebrations or kept as the most macabre memories. No kidding, this scene would instantly gain an NC-17 rating if it were released today, not to mention that it might stimulate Native American interest groups to revolt on the streets for the incredibly exploitative manner in which atrocities are described. <br /> I'm all for westerns who do not shy away from honest interpretations of how the West was won, or stolen if the truth be told, but this movie has no idea what kind of movie it wants to be; one minute is a heavy-handed pseudo-hippie talk about how the natives' treatment was fully compensated (well, DUH!), so it's a carefree battle of the farce of the sexes in which Cresta proves to be five times the man that Gant is and can look beautiful in her tasty red calico poncho (no panties), but it all comes out the window when Donald Pleasance appears with a pair of unintentional dentures (?) and our heroes need to figure out how to escape their claws murderers in a sub-plot that leads nowhere, all of which culminates in the apocalyptic climax already mentioned. Any of these stickers would have been good for a coherent film, but the end result is a sloppy mess that has pounded the horrors of its final ten minutes for all that they were worth in the promotion and poster images of the film. <br /> <br /> But trying to be all things to all audiences, SOLDIER BLUE turns out to be an incoherent and puzzling Mulligan of supposedly well-meaning political correctness, but if they told the story of the Sand Creek Massacre, it would not have been a good idea to have some Indian characters who were more than just walk-ons with Murphy Brown acting as their spokesperson? We know absolutely nothing of the people who are exterminated only by what appears to be a crude trick to entice viewers to watch the "wildest movie in history." If you, like me, were intrigued by the provocative advertisements and criticisms that shed almost infinite praise on him for his "dare to say how it was", accept my word and let the SOLDIER BLUE disappear slowly into the cinematic obscurity.
