This is a well-worn story about a man getting married to escape the hangman's tie, then sets about "taming" his reluctant bride. You can be sexist and racist at exactly the same time. We never find out, for example, why a woman who earned the respect of an Indian warrior is completely unable to fight her former husband. Or why the members of her team are so eager to get a "real man" in the saddle when she seems to be taking good care of things on her own. That only made sense in the 1950s in Hollywood. <br /> <br /> There's a very stupid scene where she cheats on him and he really takes the whip - the second time - and then pulls it off his horse. No matter that the first time probably would have lost an eye, which would make it very difficult to get this whip! So he prevails in a fight against his Indian bodyguard, where he spends the first two-thirds of him being beaten to the pulp. That's a second wind. Later, he deals successfully with some bloodthirsty Indians (as they are all in those films) after they reject her now she is his "squaw." It does not matter that he has zero diplomatic skills and he has been negotiating with them for years. And the way he continues to reject his attempts to seduce him just to keep her interested and prevent her from holding him - yes, right. As if the women were throwing themselves at him all the way. <br /> <br /> Finally, none of the leaders is convincing in their roles. Madison is just an idiot who is unrealistically lucky. Fleming had turned his hair and frowned, but it was not quite as convincing as a brat. The only reason you want to cheer for her is because you want to see Madison tied to a runaway horse and be dragged down a cliff before the end of the movie. The way Madison dresses Fleming is so predictable and has so few obstacles that it will annoy you if you see women as anything but inflatable dolls. Even if you see them as dolls, the total lack of suspense will bore you. <br /> <br /> Total loss of time. Even the scenery is kind of boring. Give this one a big mistake.
