LL Cool J performed a lot better in this movie than I expected! He did a fabulous job acting as a "renegade" cop inside a "renegade" department. From the outset, he does a great job of building the viewer's empathy for his character and the situation in which he is. He acts as a sort of "gentle giant" - a person whose rugged exterior may scare anyone but whose heart is clearly in the right place from the start - and he does an incredible job. He was clearly the best character in the movie. <br /> <br /> This was certainly a performance that will not win any award for Morgan Freeman. After starring in such powerful films as Shawshank Redemption, this movie was certainly a step down. His role in Edison simply did not allow him to show his true talents as an actor - and in terms of the conglomerate of characters put him sadly in the background. There are many ways in which his character (Moses Ashford) could have taken on a more important role. He was not disappointing and a real disappointment. I was hoping to see more of him in this movie. Timberlake should have stayed in the music industry. His portrait of a young journalist was misunderstood and unconvincing. This movie is a typical action movie that (at least initially) bears some resemblance to the corrupt police issues that LA has experienced in the past. Being an action movie, it has its share of shoot-em-up, blood and courage scenes. These scenes are typically unrealistic and painfully predictable. Watching the beginning of the movie, there is very little suspense about what will happen in the end - think about what you would normally expect in a good police / police conflict - and it bears little resemblance to a real police shoot-out. What irritated me the most was the way Timberlake's character behaved during the shooting scenes. He starts having guns and not using them. So when he finally wears one, he shoots him like he's firing a gun all his life. So he runs out of bullets and does not have a gun - and 30 seconds later, without moving or anything - suddenly has 2 more fully loaded guns And extra ammo? Little plotting mistakes like this really ruined the movie for me. <br /> <br /> If what you're looking for is a blatantly fictional plot in a fantasy world where everything ends well then you'll probably love this movie. Personally, it does not matter to me what kind of movie it is as long as it's realistic. Make me believe the story is true. This story was so obviously fictitious in so many ways that I felt dissatisfied.
