I love all kinds of movies, especially horror. That being said, Survival does not meet ANY hype surrounding it. <br /> <br /> I can not give any point to originality. There is nothing wrong with exploring the same themes or redoing what others have done. You just became a cop for indie movies taking us on a slasher journey through the woods, a mad killer and, from now on, playing some crazy family. On those lines, I have to compare it with the likes of Texas Chainsaw, Wrong Turn (although the difference of that is obvious), and others. Survival drops very short against comparable movies. The plot was not original at all. Some movies can go through a weak (and super-made) plot with excellent acting, special effects or a host of other factors. Survivial has nothing to bet on. If you want, note the following: The performance in the movie never took off. I do not beat or blame the actors for this, nor the director. The dialogue was, at best, mediocre, and the actors involved never showed (not saying NOT HAD) the talent to achieve this. I mention two highlights. The protagonist of this film certainly has the appearance, but I seriously think he needs to consider more training before being ready to take a movie. The actor who played Greg also had potential, but we never got to see any of it (watch the movie to see why, you will not believe ...). The look of the granulated film. Oh, yeah, that little movie doing magic to get us into the glory days of the "Grindhouse" movies. In today's cinema, this has become a trick. It works or not. In this case, it just does not work. There are many other flaws going on, so you end up distracting yourself from the movie, not increasing. That said, I think they did a good job of adding that grain. That's a good grain of quality. I think with a different script, better direction and possibly actors, they should try another attempt at "Grindhouse". They probably will. <br /> <br /> As far as the technical aspects are concerned, in my opinion, they have never been good for me either. Best care could have been taken with the audio (it looks like it was fed directly into the camera but there is nothing wrong with that) and being shot in DV was very smooth for my liking. <br /> <br /> That's all I have to say about it .....
