Although, I had no idea what to expect from this movie, this was certainly not what I would have in mind, if anything really came to mind. Once I heard of his existence, all I knew was that I had to own a movie called Please Do not Eat The Babies. unfortunately, I could only find a copy in its alternate title, Island Fury. Looking back, I think I could call this a lose-lose situation. For one thing, I'm still not known as the guy who owns a movie called Please Please Do not Eat Babies, and on the other hand, Island Fury would turn out to be a crappy, nonsensical, boring, unwatchable piece of crap. Yes, definitely lose-lose. <br /> <br /> I'm not even sure what genre they're doing here. Just the badness of the 80's, with a flashback that may be longer than non-flashback. First, two teenage girls are being chased by two bad guys, once caught, the evil guys call us attention that one of the girls has a coin on a rope around her neck and somehow these thugs know a lot more of these coins hidden on an island somewhere. And that's where things start to get weird, somehow these guys know of a trip the girls made on an island years earlier when they were only 10. I suppose this should mean that girls should know exactly where this supposed treasure is. So now we're in the past as the girls try to retrace their steps, so these thugs do not kill them, though I would not have cared if they had. In the flashback, the 10-year-olds are on a boat trip with their sisters and boyfriend sisters, eventually stopping by an island to take in an air, they mingle with a kid and their killer grandparents. Any potential suspense or motives to keep watching never shows up, but the flashback was undeniably better than the present, which still does not say much. <br /> <br /> For a while, I had forgotten the subject. At one point, I thought maybe the director also had it, and by the time the flashback ended, that would be the end, which would have worked for me, considering that disappointment would have been a half hour shorter. This meaningless movie inside a senseless movie eventually comes to an end, and real things happen, but it's stupid. I guess I did not exactly expect a movie full of babies being eaten, or anything like that, but I expected some weird form of B entertainment, mostly just a confusing and inept plot, unsure of its genre. My advice would be to look for something worthwhile, like The Beast Attack of the Creatures. If anyone, I would only recommend this to serious B movie collectors who should have them all, anyone interested probably has brain damage. What really impresses me is that I still have no idea why they call it Please Do not Eat The Babies. 3/10
