I hate to sound like an "old person" but frankly I have not seen many movies that I like that were made after the 1960s ... usually the movies seem to get worse and worse (although I've really liked the Scott Baio) vehicle " The Bread, My Sweet, "except for the 'rigeur' sex scene that added ANYTHING to that movie). This movie makes her mother, a former Las Vegas chorus girl, seem incapable of surviving on her own, although she is clearly in her fifties (though she hinted she was in her forties). I did not buy. I am 57 years old and, like all the women I know in their 50s and 40s, more than able to survive alone (as I have since graduated from high school, at age 13, I was legally emancipated and went on a trip to life. ) <br /> <br /> The daughter is not credible in her work ... she gets a promotion she does not deserve (a great opportunity) and drops that ball too, but when another employee comes around Stylish and ready for delivery, writers criticize her as an "opportunist," when she was only doing what any career-oriented person would do - taking advantage of an open opportunity created by a lack of self-esteem. discipline of her co-worker, a girl who apparently does not understand the concept of honoring her promises (to her boss in this case). <br /> <br /> The daughter reluctantly 'allows' her mother to stay with her, on a temporary basis, but then treats her mother (the woman who gave her life and raised her to 'adulthood') as a outcast. Apparently such 'writers' do not understand that it is NOT 'the common thing' for parents to act as children and be treated as children by their children. This is just another social "baloney" that Hollywood keeps trying to force our throats as if we, its audiences, were stupid for wanting to be entertained by their creative offerings. <br /> <br /> This is a sad movie with a stupid ending. If the young restaurant owner was real and not a two-dimensional TV character, he would have stayed with his mother, who was not much older than him and very attractive. But in the end he "falls" for his daughter, a shallow and uninteresting girl who has such a youthful cuteness, but in a common and bland way. (The young 'opportunist' who worked with this girl was nothing much more attractive, physically.) There was no credible reason presented to the audience as to why the restaurant owner preferred her daughter (who was a tense, egocentric, egocentric mother who treated her mother with unbelievable disrespect) to her mother-a woman who was kind, docile, humorous, and had a joy of living that her daughter could not even begin to understand. Of course the mother had her own faults ... she reacted to her husband's death by getting drunk for a year or two later, which supposedly created the division between her and her intelligent daughter. <br /> <br /> Regardless of how the characters were developed or not, this is a flaky movie and a waste of your valuable viewing time, unless you really like lies. (Where's the mustard?)
