When a film in a book seems meaningless and incomprehensible, the cause can invariably be found in the book: either it was pointless to begin, or the point is not easily transmitted to the cinema, or the film missed the target, which is the most frequent of these results, and the easiest to happen, especially when the point is not easily defined. The book "Morvern Callar" has a point; every reader of the book must have felt it and felt as if he had succeeded; but I suspect most of them could not say that in words. I'm not sure I can, myself, but maybe that happens, or something: things come, things go, such is life, but we continue; or at least some of us - people like Morvern - do. No doubt a more erudite critic could construct a more adequate definition. But the important fact is that there is a point - possibly the sum of the whole story is the point - and that this would have been the most important thing to keep in mind, and to continue, by adapting the story to the film. The creator of this film evidently missed the mark and does not replace yours; and so the movie is about nothing. <br /> <br /> This is not the usual complaint of a book lover that your favorite text has been violated. The merit of the book is something I grudgingly agreed upon: as I read it, I discovered that it was a bloody nuisance, and an occasion to kick the author in the pants and get him to finish the job properly. The narrative is supposed to be the work of half-educated Morvern, but this illusion is constantly dispelled by a dozen different types of literary effects, as if the author were poking it with his pen; there are inconsistencies of style and tone, as if different sections had been composed at different times; and any conclusions I might have about Morvern had to remain provisional because it was not known what implications the author intended and what he did not intend to do: for example, despite Morvern's self-characterization as a raver, I am wrong that in the end she remains essentially a Scottish working-class girl, and underneath her song-download insert, not so different from past generations? Anyway, despite my irritation with the author, I could not deny that his book was with me; and what I could not get out of my head was the attitude of his character, his angle in the world, which was almost as vivid as a portrait of Goya. Morvern is the type of person who always finds situations both comical and quite horrible; occasionally she invites them, but more often they land on her like flies, so much of her life consists of a kind of gauche, but gracefully, unconsciously practical and unconsciously philosophical - and this does not begin to describe her idiosyncratically. enough. The complex of incidents and Morvern's responses to them are the substance of the book, and their conquest by exposing a cross-section of existence would be difficult to clarify otherwise; For all my displeasure at the book, I can see that. The Morvern we have just described is not the Morvern of the movie; or if it is, most of it is kept off the screen. An actress who might have been a good choice for the character, if she was just the right age at the right time, is Angharad Rees, from the old TV series "Poldark." Samantha Morton, then, would seem like a good cast: she's the same type of actress, and in one of her previous films, "Jesus' Son," she played a girl who, with some adjustments, could have become that. Unfortunately, as the film is over, it does not have the character of the book to play. On the one hand, the book is one that, if it is to be dramatized, virtually cries out for the main character's monologues to the audience; without your comments, your perspective, your voice, history loses most of its meaning. He lost more than that because the adapter purged its comic and horrible elements: the book's most memorable incidents are interrupted before they become grotesque, and Morvern's responses (whether it be fun or heartbreaking, depending on her mood) . are also missing, and the incidents no longer have reason to be in the story. In short, the filmmaker chose, for some reason, to turn a serious-comic novel into an art TV movie, and chose as his typical image that of Morton languishing in an artistically shaded melancholy; as if the walk to which Morvern signed was a walk through the Stations of the Cross. That is nothing that the book, or the book Morvern, was about. On the other hand, the film's Morvern is not Scottish (the actress said in an interview she did not have time to study the accent), and she should be: it is important that she, her family and her companions are all from one place . And finally the movie is missing the end of the story: Morvern is spending all he has and returning home in the icy darkness: it's winter, the dam has frozen, power has gone out and the pub is dark. Other than that, and less everything else, what remains is a failed art film, a dead film, about a subject whose strength was precisely in his refusal, or native inability, to yield to being dead.
