This show is a perfect example of how the CBC should stick to news, sports or satirical comedies. As a developer of the sitcom, CBC has shown that it can combine the excitement of "King of Kensington" with the laughter of "The Beachcombers". It's an embarrassment for big shows like "Kids in the Hall" and "Second City" that they have to share their comedic roots with this lame production. <br /> <br /> I have to admit, that I did not give this show a lot of chance since when I first heard about its concept. To begin with, half the concept is a direct attempt to steal one of the few comedy hits in Canadian-English history, "Corner Gas." The rest of the concept - cultural shock - is far from original and is often used as a crutch for laziness in writing. The selection of the Muslim religion as the basis for the characters "fish out of water" seems to be a desperate attempt to be "bold" and "topical", but it seems forced. Some of the jokes based on the reaction of the place to the newcomers are inductive and insulting to the intelligence of all involved, especially the public. <br /> <br /> This program is a perfect example of how CBC simply does not do it. "get it" when it comes to creating Canadian content, especially when presenting Canada as a multicultural environment. Cultural diversity in Canada does not have to be presented so heavily and forcefully. It would be a refreshing change to see the CBC introducing diversity into a television program without making the program all diversity. I doubt the CBC has enough talent to do something so subtle. A comparison could be made to how diversity is represented in the corner of the gas - that is, Aboriginal characters are not separated by their ethnicity nor their heritage is used to generate story lines. More realistically, their lives and the other characters intertwine in a way that makes ethnicity no more meaningful than any other personal trait. <br /> <br /> That said, even as a fish-out-of-water comedy formula this show fails. The acting is weak, the comic rhythm throughout the map and the premises of the story I saw were far beyond the suspension of belief, even for a comedy. The only saving grace is the talented Derek McGrath, who is terribly wasted here. I doubt that even the addition of invited stars (Colin Mochrie, for example, as an Anglican archbishop) can save this dog. I decided to give the program a try as soon as the CBC's "hype" was over; but two episodes were all I could bear - I could almost feel my mind closing with each of the lines. The time interval would be better served by displaying more Coronation Street, Air Farce or Dr. Who reruns. Even an infomercial would be an improvement.
