You would think that with Ingrid Bergman and Warner Baxter, this movie would have been much better. Unfortunately, the movie suffers from hard-to-believe characters as well as an important plot problem that makes some of the characters seem brain-addled. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Ingrid Bergman coming to work for the Stoddard family. Everything is very peachy and swell - our family loves Bergman and things could not be more perfect. Well, that is until his mother (Fay Wray) dies, the stock market falls in 1907 (annihilating the family fortune) and Bergman is forced to return to France. This part of the movie is a bit sticky sweet, but not bad. <br /> <br /> Later, after the family's fortunes have improved, Bergman returns. The four boys are now all grown up and there is really no conceivable reason for them to hire her again as housekeeper. But briefly, everything is swelling once more. But when World War One occurs, all four go to war - dammit! In the midst of this, one of the children (David) brings home his new wife (Susan Hayward). Miss Hayward's character is as black and white as the others, although, although they are all good and full, she is obviously a horny demon. To make things worse, she comes to live in the family home while David is at war. <br /> <br /> Now here's where the movie gets really, really dumb-brain-painfully dumb. Hayward begins a case with one of David's brothers, but when the father sees a silhouette of the lovers, Bergman enters the room from another entrance and pretends that it was her, not Hayward with Jack! BECAUSE?! Why would any sane person do this to save the target of an obviously bad and conniving woman? This was exactly the kind of excuse Bergman needed to get rid of the gutter once and for all! This is just a case of bad writing and it drives me crazy ... and probably did the same with the public in 1941. The rest of the film is a failed opportunity after a failed opportunity for Hayward . wickedness to be exposed. This just goes against common sense and made the movie a silly and melodramatic mess. As expected, however, the truth ends up being revealed and everyone is once again satisfied - happy to be a great, wonderful family without the bitch, Hayward. <br /> <br /> The movie suffers because of poor writing. Hayward's case made no sense-at least in how he was treated. And, having characters that are so good or bad (with nothing in between) sinks this movie to the level of second-rate soap. The only thing that saves him is acting - they tried their best with a turgid script. Suffice it to say that the Columbia Pictures writers who made this film should have been slapped with a dead chicken!
