We all know that some of the greatest films of all time were based on books. Although not particularly accurate adaptations, these films are still excellent films. Some great examples are the Harry Potter series, the Lord of the Rings trilogy and, to a lesser extent, almost all Disney movies ever made. However, I must regretfully announce that A Wrinkle in Time is not one of those films. Not only can she not meet some of the most basic expectations of Madeleine L'Engle's fan base, but she can also challenge the standards of screenplay, acting, special effects and, finally, respect for the public. Remember, I'm not trying to be mean; on the contrary, I entered with an open mind. I realized that a made-for-T.V. movie would make up for its lack of brilliance in its screenplay. After all, the Star Wars Ewoks was decent, albeit a little silly. Come to think of it, the original Star Wars was made into a "lunch money budget", and look where it took George Lucas! However, from the first scene onwards, disappointment began to envelop me as if I had come very close to the Black Thing while I was crying. <br /> <br /> Just as Greedo shot first became the symbol of the 1997 Star Wars Special Edition (a disaster of monumental proportions involving a disgruntled director making several hideous changes in a beloved classic) Whatsit officially Become my personal symbol for the confusion and stupidity that is A Wrinkle in Time. The reason for this is the fact that it has been mutated beyond belief. In addition to the somewhat controversial decision to release Alfre Woodard (Star Trek: First Contact and Radio) as our favorite star who became a mentor, the filmmakers decided to present her as a crow. That's right, a raven. In addition, the heavenly centaurion form of this much-loved character was hacked by what appears to be a demented eight-year-old; the majestic half-man, half-winged horse, became a huge human head with a scary smile mounted awkwardly on the body of a legged horse, which by chance bears a pair of wings in the middle. If I was five, it would have traumatized me psychologically for life. The worst part is the fact that when he spoke, he was shown from behind to avoid the responsibility of synchronizing his lips, resulting in a scene that was passed looking at the back of his head and seeing a single and still cheek, making so the piece of special effects less believable than ET <br /> <br /> Having obtained the most painful part of the way, I must go to the one that induces tears: the characters, the acting and the story. I personally always imagined Meg to look a little like Moaning Myrtle from the Harry Potter movies: straight hair, glasses, and a figure that most supermodels would find ridiculous. She has always been a rather anxious, humoristically pessimistic math genius who simply could not have cared less about imports and exports from Nicaragua. In the film, she is a nasty "know-it-all" for whom I have no sympathy. In fact, she makes me feel sorry for poor Mr. Jenkins, the school principal, who has to deal with her continually. Calvin, the gentle and intelligent kid that everyone thinks is an athlete has become an athlete! The irony is horrible. As for the memorable Happy Medium, they picked up the nice little old lady who liked to look at happy things and replaced her with a being "over sex" and likes to see "funny" things like girls falling on swings. The only three people I can think of who have done a decent job are Charles Wallace, Mrs. Whatsit and Red-eyed Man (nicknamed "Red-Eyeed Guy" for his complete reinvention as a character). <br /> The story is a mess. A good comparison with this aspect of the film is Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, who did not do a good job of recounting the story found in the book, but kept the sole of the original work. Here, the sole of the book is to have a pleasant conversation with Hades in the underworld, seemingly unaware that his body is being destroyed. While the Dark Lord supplements the sole of how well she has shown that truth must be felt and unseen, Ixchel's wookies (which replace the wonderful beings that hold Aunt Beast among their ranks) tear the spine. While the God of the Dead observes how subtle the terror of Camazotz was like Earth, the torn pages are scattered in the sandstorm and lost in the darkness of the land of evil. <br /> <br /> I'm very sorry that this movie exists. I do not believe the actors were genuinely bad. It's the way the characters are written that ruins everything. Wrinkle in Time deserved to be adapted by Lawrence Kasdan, directed by George Lucas or Steven Spielberg, improved on John Williams' Industrial Light and Magic, given his sound on Skywalker Sound, edited by THX and marketed by Twentieth Century Fox. the film is unworthy to be shown to people who respect themselves. Even Madeleine L'Engle thought it was bad. The book was good, the movie was bad, and Mrs. Whatsit was ugly. <br /> <br /> Score: 0.1 / 10 (if I could) <br /> <br /> Pros: <br /> They have the right names. <br /> <br /> Cons: <br /> <br /> He had horrible problems with Cliffs Notes' level of adaptation, script, performance and special effects, not to mention the lack of evidence of ever having read the book. Oh, and the main poster / poster has a photo of the three main characters riding a flying horse over a castle. Some may say that this symbolizes high adventure. I say it symbolizes the irresponsibility of the cover artist who did not even bother using the Photoshop Meg arm correctly.
