Or "Marlowe in the sea". Yet another old film ridiculously overrated with Bogey. Quite talky too. Bogey basically plays the same character from the Marlow films; always in control of a situation, never nervous - no matter how dangerous the situation, calls women "thin" and "ladies" and other nonsense, is the only "real male", ie alpha male in the film single male alpha male being the head of the Gestapo - but he is just a fat male alpha male), and - of course - every attractive young man who comes his way can not resist their charms and wants their penis hours after their initial introduction. The clichés of the characters are all here. Bogey must be the same kind of cynic-about-retired as in "Casablanca," and of course he often refuses money or other valuables when offered to them - but how does this fit the cynical hard on him? No, then he can not be a cynic; Hawks wanted both ways: a character who is both the "cool cyan solitary" and still a well-meaning humanitarian. I do not think so ... Bacall does his non-calming "baby spin" routine for the first time, and there are many overestimated, not all very interesting, so-called "sexual innuendoes" between her and Bogey; these dialogues sound foolish by today's standards. "Just take your lips and whistle ...". A lot of crap ... She was 19 when this was done but looks much older, and is a lot less attractive than the female stars of the day. Her bony face, with its sharp features, does not even come close to radiating the kind of feminine beauty of a De Havilland, the cuteness of a Myrna Loy, much less the sympathy of an Irene Dunne. Bacall was better suited to play vampires, not femme-fatal. (In real life she is very much like her face: a Hollywood bitch.) There is a scene in which Bacall begins to cry; very unsuitable for your character. There are two or three bad musical numbers - but my fast forward button was ready. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in reading my "biographies" of Bogart, Bacall, Huston and other Hollywood personalities, please contact me by email.
