The film begins with a peaceful scene of a traditional thatched Japanese house that sits next to a small hill and a legend appears on the screen that reads "KUSHIATA KYOTO, JAPAN 1840". A young Japanese trainee Samurai named Masanori (Toshiya Maruyama) walks down the winding path to the house, waiting inside Otami (Mako Hattori) with whom he is having an affair behind his husband, Shugoro (Tsuiyuki Sasaki as Toshiyuki Sasaki) back who happens to be Masanori's teacher. Shugoro unexpectedly comes home to find his wife and student having very close relationships with each other. His honor destroyed the furious samurai and brutally murdered Otami and Masanori before committing suicide. More than a century later, Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) arrives in Japan on a work vacation with his wife Laura (Susan George) and his young daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). Your close friend, Alex Curtis (Doug McClure), who works for the American consulate, helps them find a place to stay, you do not need me for you! He jokingly says it's going so cheap because it's haunted, for which both Ted and Laura laugh because they obviously do not believe in ghosts, at least for now. Almost immediately the movie goes into cliché mode. The lights go on and off by themselves, Laura has an uncomfortable feeling about the place and a local Zen Monk (Henry Mitowa) gives them a menacing warning to leave before it's too late, which they ignore, of course. The spirits of Otami, Masanori and Shugoro were doomed to eternity to remain within the walls of the house because of a curse of the Majyo witches (Tsuyako Olajima) placed on them. But there may be a way for them to break the curse, unfortunately for the Fletcher family it could cost them marriage, daughter and possibly even their own lives. <br /> <br /> Directed by Kevin Connor I thought this was a very medium movie, OK to watch once if you have nothing better to do but after a day or two you will probably have completely forgotten . Nothing is in the memory as being particularly bad, but on the other hand, there is nothing particularly good about the movie. Robert Suhosky's script, from James Hardiman's novel, is a little boring and strictly according to the numbers, many spooky happenings happen throughout the film, but none of it is very interesting or exciting, and the characters and direction plans do not help things. There are some silly sequences like the giant plastic crabs that try to get Amy and her nanny, Noriko (Mayumi Umeda). And there is a scene where the Zen Monk exorcises the house and the ghosts are banished from the outside, unable to return, however, that is until Ted simply opens the door and they simply go back in, some exorcism! One more thing, I think it was a bad idea to have Doug McClure at age 47 when he did this, try his hand at Kung Fu and the Eastern sword fight! George stripped her breasts a couple of times, including a very unerotic sex scene with McClure, despite great pains and some bed sheets that stick to them as if they were super glue, to ensure there was no nudity in the waist. In addition to a couple of beheadings most of the time, there is no blood, blood or violence to speak. The "transparent" ghosting effects are good, but they will not impress many people these days. It's professional enough and looks pretty good, but the potential in the Japanese scene and myths is wasted, since this movie could have been set in the United States, England or any other western country without having to change anything. A waste of time OK.
