At the beginning of the movie, you can double-check the DVD cover and reread the synopsis a few times, but do not worry. It's NOT "Memoirs of a Geisha" you bought; just a movie with an introduction that is much more stylish and stylish than any right to be. Still, the opening is by far the best thing about the entire movie, as shows how in the year 1840 a sword master Samurai catches his wife committing adultery. He decapitates the two lovers before doing some hara-kiri (ritual of suicide through gutting). Cut to the present day, when the American ambassador to Japan receives a family of friends and takes them to the same house where the massacre mentioned occurred almost a century and a half ago. From there, this becomes a haunted, seemingly routine, routine film, but the totally retarded and implausible script still makes it exceptional. Let's start with the positive aspects, namely the original Japanese setting and the presence of the delightful Susan George, who is my favorite British horror horror of all time (well, along with Britt Eckland, Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt). The bad aspects simply include that the script is incoherent, stupid, beyond repair and full of supposedly disturbing twists that just evoke laughter. The restless spirits of the house soon begin to amuse themselves by perpetrating on the bodies of the new tenants and causing them to do and say all manner of crazy things. The spirit of the massacred adulterous woman particularly likes to squeeze herself into Susan's sweeping estate and turn her into an indecent seductress! In this "possessed" state, it even attracts the American ambassador to have sex in the garden of a high-society diner full of prominent guests. So strictly spoken, it is not really "evil" that dwells in the house; just a trio of sleazy ghosts with dirty minds and lots of free time in their long dead hands! Obviously, these scenes are more comical than scary, especially because the light-blue and transparent shapes resemble the ghosting effects that were later popularized in Ghostbusters. "The house where evil lives" is probably the least frightening ghost movie of all time. For most of the runtime, you're wondering if director Kevin Connor (who even made the excellent horror movies "Motel Hell" and "From Beyond the Grave") intentionally wanted to make his movie funny and overdone, like "Motel Hell" maybe. But again, everyone in the cast continues to speak his lines with a serious and sincere face, so I think we should, however, take everything seriously and feel disturbed. "The house where evil dwells" is never suspenseful or even remotely thrilling and does not even contain terrible images beyond the massacre at first. I'm fully aware of how shallow it looks, but the two scenes in which Susan George goes topless are the only true highlights. Well, these and maybe also the invasion of full and ridiculously large spiders (or are they crabs?) In the daughter's bedroom. How totally random and irrelevant was that? If you decide to give this movie a chance, despite your bad reputation, make sure you leave common sense and reasoning to your door. <br /> <br /> Trivia for horror fans: Watch out for the demons. mask that was also a chunk of scenery in the brilliant Japanese horror classic Onibaba.
