Did I step on something or does that bad smell come from Daybreak 1 + 2? Was God behind everything? What does God have to do with science fiction? God is only the answer when you can not think of a sensible explanation for something. In fact, this is exactly the problem with the end of the series - they obviously could not think of sensible explanations for the multitude of big issues that were raised throughout the series, as Kara Thrace come back from the dead in a new viper like her old viper and charred body ended up on Earth 2, because Baltar has an imaginary 6 in his head, because 6 has an imaginary Baltar in his head, etc. so they explain it to "angels" or just do not explain it. The plot of the last two episodes had holes big enough to make a Basestar pass. For example, why did Galactica and her crew leave on a suicide mission to rescue a girl (Hera), particularly after Adama said there was no way he could attempt a ransom? Why have they discovered the location of the Cylon base? This is not a good reason to sacrifice life for the crew. And how did Anders know the location? And what was the point of the flashbacks of the main characters' lives before the war? It's as if they had forgotten to do this before, so they put something up at the last moment. <br /> <br /> The people who wrote the last two episodes could not have been the same writers who created what has so far been a sensational one. Series. It seems that script writing was taken over by evangelical Christians on a mission to spread "the Word." Forget the attempt to tie the loose ends of the plot, the important message the writers wanted to convey is: do not put your faith in technology, as this will lead to its destruction; God is your ultimate salvation (bad luck if you have an illness that needs medical treatment). Imagine in the final movie in the Star Wars series that they say there is no "force" ... a Jedi really gets his power from Jesus. Then they fly their spaceships to the nearest star and go to live in the forest with the Ewoks. Would that be a good ending? No, that failed.
