The 1930s saw a fashion for documentaries about remote corners of the world, with emphasis on wild animals, exotic terrain and primitive people with unusual cultures. Despite the logistics of transporting a film crew to a distant and dangerous place, and then bringing them back alive (with filming), these movies were much cheaper than conventional Hollywood features ... because there were no faces The most successful bigwigs of such films (artistically and financially) were the staff of Martin E. Johnson and his wife Osa, who made several documentaries (sometimes with blatantly staged events) in Africa and Asia. The Johnsons safari films were extremely popular, inspiring several parodies ... most notably Wheeler & Woolsey, "So This Is Africa," in which the very sexy Esther Muir plays a character named Mrs. Johnson-Martini (instead of Martin E. Johnson geddit?). Although several other filmmakers were producing safari documentaries at the time, Johnsons' movies were the most popular in this genre because they depended heavily on humor. Seen from our more enlightened point of view (hopefully), this is a serious flaw in Johnsons documentaries: there are many scenes where small brown or funny yellow people are made to look like complete idiots who are easily fooled by the crafty. White bwana Johnson and his wife. <br /> <br /> A definite asset of these films is the presence of Osa Johnson. Ten years younger than her husband, she can look young enough to be his daughter. Although certainly not as attractive as the good-natured Esther Muir, Osa Johnson was a cheeky brunette who performed pleasing performances in front of the camera in all the films she co-produced with her husband. <br /> <br /> Congorilla is probably the best of the Johnsons movies. The shots of the Congo are interesting and of some historical value as evidence of how this environment resembled 1930. Pygmy shots and other natives are also interesting, though they suffer from the Johnsons' propensity to stage events in a way that the natives look 'wild' and alien. The best (and funniest) scene of 'Congorilla' is an improvised sequence in which Osa Johnson tries to teach a jazz dance to some female pygmies. (The dance is the Black Bottom, no less ... the same dance as Bob Hope taught Daisy and Violet Hilton, the Siamese twins.) Wearing breeches, riding boots and a helmet, Osa Johnson begins to sing while she makes highs steps and knocks his knees in his attempt to teach this dance to African women. Meanwhile, they just stand there staring at her, apparently wondering what this crazy white woman is trying to accomplish. It's a very funny scene, but it has unpleasant tones. Osa Johnson is doing a dance that was invented by black Americans: the implication seems to be that African blacks should instinctively be able to perform this dance after a brief demonstration (using natural rhythm, I think) because it's in their blood, or something like that . <br /> <br /> I'll rate "Congorilla" 4 out of 10. This movie talks a bit about African life in the 1930s and a little more about American cultural perceptions in that decade.
