This is not a film that you can actually analyze separately from your production. The audience became the filmmaker in a way unprecedented in the history of the American film industry; we feel so involved that seeing this becomes like watching the work of a friend. How can you be objective? This is our movie, is not it? Or is it? There may be nothing more hypocritical than a filmmaker who promotes himself as a friend of the public, giving them all the treats nanny critics would deny them. Just look at the top freelancer, Eli Roth, promising all the missing viscera of conventional horror movies, and only to produce a dilute and technically incompetent work such as "Hostel." David R. Ellis may not have spawned the monster that was the Internet response to his movie, but he was very understandably quick to get involved with it. He took the carnival school of filmmaking to a new level, making fans build what they eventually bought. Many have been enthusiastic about this democratic and interactive approach to filmmaking, which seems to have lost focus - this is the most cynical form of film-as-marketing. Nothing is included so filmmakers know that fans are not going to buy it, and any old suggestion that has homeless in the seats will be incorporated. The fact that the field has become the title says everything you need to know. <br /> <br /> Is not it just the evolution of the focus group approach? Individual creativity, talent, craftsmanship, ideas, are all sacrificed before the futile talk of the masses. It is a critical commonplace that focus groups and test sessions do not offer good movies - why would the preventive intervention of Internet enthusiasts be different? Why are we moviegoers? Well, thank God for us, because otherwise I might not have seen a topless woman have her nipple bitten by a snake. <br /> <br /> So, yeah, I had fun in the movie - a midnight show at the pub and with an ice cream bucket - but actually had relatively little to do with the movie, and a lot to see with the atmosphere. Like Christmas, everyone seemed determined to have fun, no matter what. There were laughs, but I do not know if it was with the movie or the movie. With a calculated film like this, is it really a significant distinction? There are some genuinely good aspects to the film. Samuel L. Jackson gives a well-judged performance, pure self-parody, but with a real sense of pleasure. Rachel Blanchard and Lin Shaye are decent in limited roles, and there are one or two inspired moments - the fate of the lap dog is a genuinely funny romantic comedy that the rest of the film can not imitate. <br /> <br /> Action characters are expected, but the total lack of suspense is not. What is the purpose of a movie combining two major phobias if there is no insidious threat? There are several moments of snake jumping, but they are incredibly poorly staged. Only the annoying British man has a decent pulpy death scene - the other murders are strangely flat. The death of the honeymoon couple, for example, is shamefully unsuccessful. Most actors can not impress; It's a shame that a charismatic actress like Julianna Margulies looks so tired (when she tells two kids to close their eyes and pretend that the turbulent flight is a roller coaster, she may be talking to the audience - the film falls far short) . <br /> <br /> There are worse films, but there are many, many better; another reviewer on this site compared this movie to 'Lake Placid', and it's as good a contrast as anyone I can imagine. This movie worked so magnificently because the performances were great, the jokes were funny, the suspense sequences were scary and were not planned by the committee. That the characters had a bit of depth and shadowing was an unexpected bonus. I do not need a midnight post-pub to have fun with the movie. <br /> <br /> This film, over time, will become a mere footnote in the history of cinema. If this sets a precedent, however, I am genuinely concerned about what may be crossing our screens in a few years. In all probability, nothing else will come of it. Perennial popcorn favorites - 'Lost Ark Chasers', 'Alien', 'Halloween' and of course 'Star Wars' - simply are not produced by group thinking. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, I'll tell you what - I have no half desire for some Ingmar Bergman.
