Oh Dear Lord, how on Earth has any part of this film been approved by anyone? It smells like cheese from start to finish, but it's not even good cheese. It's the most scaly, musty, tasteless cheese there is, and I can not believe there's anyone out there who really, really enjoyed it. Yes, if you saw him with a load of drunken and stoned friends, then some snippets can be funny in a sad way, but for the rest of the audience the only fun parts are when the group of friends is throwing popcorn and abusive insults one the other and the screen. I watched with a laughing face for having a few beers in preparation to laugh at the expected crap from the movie. We have the crap (many), but not the laughter. It does not even qualify as such a bad movie that is good. It's just bad. Very very bad. Here's why (look away if you're spoilerphobic): The movie starts with a guy pounding another guy to death. Okay, I was a few minutes late, so I do not know why that happened, but I think I understood the message, 'This guy is kind of mean to those you do not want to fiddle with' behind the ingenious scene. Oh, and a guy witnesses that. So we already have our ultra-evil villain, and wussy but cute (apparently) nice guy. Suggestion Hero. Big Sam comes on the scene in the usual way, saving a cool guy in the usual way that only bad action movies can accomplish, ie, Hero is immune to bullets, everyone falls awkwardly. Cue first plot hole. How the hell Sammy knew where this guy was, or that he watched the murder. Maybe that, and the answers to all my questions related to a plan, were explained in the 2 minutes before I enter the theater, but I doubt it. In fact, I'm going to stop punching holes in the plot right here, so I do not turn the film into something like Swiss cheese (which we all know is a good cheese). So the 'plot' (a very generous word to use). The good guy must go to Los Angeles, the villain would rather he did not, the hero Sam is between them. Suggestion scenario for the next hour inducing vomit - the airliner. Like I said, no more poking the holes in the plot, I'll leave it there. Airliner. Then the vital ingredient so far missing from this gem of a movie, and what makes it all that it is - Snakes. Yay! Break. First, we have to introduce all the mandatory characters that a lame movie must have. Hot and horny couple (see if you can guess how they die), dead-before-any-snake-even-look British guy (those damn Brits, huh?), Cute Sons and Jo Brand. To all of you, Americans, is an English comic book famous for its size and lack of attractiveness. Now that we know the cast, let's watch them all die (except, of course, cute boys). Do not expect anything original, it's just snake bites in several increasingly hilarious (not really) parts of the body. Use your imagination, since the filmmakers obviously did not use theirs. <br /> <br /> So most of the movie was closed, so now the best, the final. As expected, everything is as happy as the plane landed that everyone in sight begins to suck their cheeks. Yes, Ice-cool Sammy included. But wait, we're not all off the plane yet! The last guy to come out is a nice guy, but just like he's bitten by a snake (of all things). Clearly this had been hidden in Jackson's hair all the time, since he somehow managed to withstand the air-pressure trick that the good old hero had employed a few minutes earlier, despite the 200-foot constrictor (the one who ate that bastard British) being unable to. So Sam shoots him and the snake in one go. At this point I prayed that the movie was about to make a much-needed turnaround and revealed that throughout the hero was really a traitor of some kind. But not. In a kind of cake cover (but with old cheese, remember), it is revealed that the climax of the film involved a bulletproof vest. How can anyone think that an audience 10 years ago, much less in 2006 would be impressed by their ingenuity is beyond me, but did well in summing up the film. <br /> <br /> In fact, we are not exactly like that. done yet. After everyone sucked their faces (Uncle Sam with the lead actress, nice guy with Tiffany, black face with the symbolic white girl, and the hot couple in a necrophilia attack warming the heart), it's time for a good guy and a hero to achieve this. ... in Bali !!! No, it was not exciting, the exclamation points were there just to represent my joy at seeing the credits. Yes, the last scene of the movie is a surfing trip to celebrate the message that a little male bonding took place, and a chance for any idiot who really liked the movie to scream a few times. That's it. This is the first time I have published a movie review, but I felt that someone should speak against this scourge of cinematography. If you like airplanes, snakes, Samuel L. Jackson, stewardesses, thugs, surfers, dogs in bags or English, please, please do not watch this movie. This will pollute your opinion on all of the above so far that you will never contact any of them again. Go see United 93 instead. That was good.
