The more I analyze this movie, the worse it gets. First of all, why a motivational speaker? That part was just stupid. I mean, why would a megalomaniac trying to control the world rely on a motivational speaker? Is Alexander Stone Really So Disorganized? First he can not decide what he wants to do to control the world, so he looks for ideas in the Bible. Many of these ideas, I might add, really do not have reliability (for example, the part of "The houses of Ishmael and Isaac will scream with terror" might have already happened.) Could synagogues have been burned during Krystalnacht. have been the mosques blown up in Baghdad or something.) And the family of Gillen Lane! They had no part except to provide a base of family values ​​and wipe their eyes with water! I might add that since Casper van Dien / Gillen Lane was only in his early twenties (or that's the impression I had) and has a son of ten, he had his son in high school. Yes, there goes the values ​​of the TBN family. Besides, why does this movie have to be as damn propaganda? I'll repeat what a previous reviewer said. Indiana Jones films use Christian mythology as a plot and manipulate it well so that we are intoxicated. This movie does not do that. The start begins well, with Michael Ironsides playing a priest who kills some scholar and steals the Omega Code from the dead. So when confronted by two men of whom he is obviously afraid, the two prophets tell him, "Tell your master we are here!" Dominic (Ironsides) replies "He already knows" and points to a small surveillance camera. That part sent chills down my spine. If I had stayed like this, I would have loved this movie. I'll give Michael York credit: he does a great job of playing his character, as does Michael Ironsides. But the good guys are horrible. I already told you about Lane's family. Now that I'm with the acting, I'll start the plot. This is obviously a Baptist movie, since our beloved Vatican pope is portrayed as an imbecile. The plot of world domination I liked and found plausible and subtle, just as the action sequences were also thrilling and well made. Also another diatribe against the Vatican, its leaders are seen as dogmatically aware, since Gillen explains to the Pope that it is not the end of the world but the beginning of a new one. In addition, the Vatican (or Israelis) says they will separate from the World Union, from the time they used the Omega Code to control the world. Whoever they were, they would not separate, send commands and kill them. That's the equivalent of America knowing that the KGB will kill the president and simply say "let's not talk to you any more!" Let's go! I liked the scenes where we see the bombers heading towards Israel and see them again on the monitor. Mediocre in short.
