I was very disappointed with this movie for a few reasons. For the first half hour, it's pretty decent. Although the performance is not better than what you would find in a rap video, it's kind of funny and the value of the production does not seem half bad. In fact, I almost thought this would be almost as good as Perico Ripiao (another recent Dominican film) that turned out to be MUCH MUCH better than I'd expected. The plot for the film revolves around not only betraying husbands but how women are seen and treated in Dominican society as a whole, which contributes to a good premise, especially in the Dominican Republic. Unfortunately I do not think the producers of this movie believe that a good movie is about how you treat your subject, and they would kill the veal chop they had before them. About 30 minutes after the movie, the roles of men and women are reversed after the main character's wife spells him as a result of his cheating habits. This transition not only happens through what appear to be CGI effects, the space age, the dating of what I imagine would be the 1970s, but the whole plot just goes down the drain. The rest of the film is nothing more than predictable and intelligent situations. Above all (and I think I should warn you now ** SPOILER ALERT **) everything turns out to be a dream. Oh my, did not you see that coming? Oh man I almost forgot the most ridiculous thing about the movie. Well, after about an hour I started to think "Hmmmm something does not seem right about the soundtrack, but what can it be ??" And then it hits me HALF THE MUSIC ON THE MOVIE WAS TAKEN FROM A VIDEO GAME CALLED KING OF FIGHTER 95. <br /> <br /> When oh when DR are you going to give us a movie, can we call it an art work?!?! Perhaps a comedy to combine with the French Amelie, or an action film to combine with Thailand Ong-Bak, an animation as Akira went to Japan, a crime thriller as Layer Cake went to England, or a journey of awakening as Waking Life had the states here. <br /> <br /> I would give a 1, but I've seen much worse leave the DR, look for Los Jodedores and you'll know what I'm talking about.
