Raising Victor Vargas: A Review <br /> <br /> You know, Raising Victor Vargas is like putting your hands in a big, steaming bowl of oats. It's hot and sticky, but you're not sure if it looks right. As hard as I tried, no matter how hot and sticky the Raising Victor Vargas would become, I was always aware that something did not seem right. Victor Vargas suffers from some overconfidence on the part of the director. Apparently, the director felt that the ethnic background of a Latino family on the lower east side, and an idyllic plot, would make the movie critic's proof. He was right, but he did not fool me. Raising Victor Vargas is the story about a seventeen-year-old boy named, you guessed it, Victor Vargas (Victor Rasuk), who lives his teenage years chasing more skirts than the Rolling Stones could do in all the years they've toured. The movie begins in "Ugly Fat" Donna's room, where Victor will surely seduce her, but a shout from the outside interrupts her plans when her best friend, Harold (Kevin Rivera), looks for him. Caught in the attempt of Harold and his sister, Victor Vargas runs for damage control. However, even with the embarrassing implication that he is hitting the neighborhood's most homely girl, there is nothing to stop young Victor from looking for more fresh meat. On a hot New York day, they make their way to the local public pool, where Victor's eyes glimpse the beautiful young nymph Judy (Judy Mars) who is not only beautiful but also strong and independent. The relationship that develops between Victor and Judy becomes the focus of the film. The story also focuses on Victor's family consisting of his grandmother or grandmother (Altagracia Guzman), his brother Nino (also played by real-life brother for Victor, Silvestre Rasuk) and his sister Vicky (Krystal Rodriguez). The action follows Victor between scenes with Judy and scenes with his family. Victor tries to deal with being a supersexual pimp, his feelings for Judy, and his grandmother's conservative Catholic education. <br /> <br /> The problems that arise with Raising Victor Vargas are some, but glaring mistakes. Throughout the film, you meet some characters like Vicky, Nino, Grandma, Judy and even Judy's best friend, Melonie. The problem is that we know nothing of Victor Vargas, except that he is the biggest gigolo in the neighborhood. We know he knows how to lick his lips and comb his hair and bring himself to lure girls into the sack, but that's all. We know that Nino plays the piano, and very quiet, you can see for the prizes on the piano of the family. We know that your sister, Nicki, is a girl who likes gossip and has an interest in watching TV. We know that Grandma is a traditional, hard-working Latino woman who is trying to educate her children conservatively in a world of excessive corruption. However, where is the titular character, Victor Vargas? He's in this movie somewhere, but we just know what the movie tells us. This is by far the biggest flaw in the movie. Victor Vargas is not so much a character but a ping-pong ball jumping between scenes with Judy and his grandmother, but we never know who Victor Vargas really is. This is important because, as I mentioned, the only thing we know about Victor Vargas is that he is a sexually active teenager with a libido the size of Manhattan. He is a total alpha male. Victor Vargas is not the type of character I sympathize with. Why should anyone? So at the end of the movie, in the aftermath of the climax, are we really led to believe that Victor Vargas somehow reached ANY depth and learned the mistakes of his ways? How could a two-dimensional character take depth? If only the director had bothered a little more to consubstantiate his main character instead of worrying about getting that perfect shot in his hand. <br /> <br /> Levant Victor Vargas brings to life the world of the Latin Quarter of the city. to the big screen. Something few movies have done before in the past. The film was praised for looking so real, and I will not argue with that. I have not seen that level of reality since CBS aired on Survivor. Seriously, although the film has some cool pictures of the city, writer / director Peter Sollett was very dependent on close-ups and hand shots. This problem is particularly noticeable in inner scenes that are so claustrophobic that I was forced to do deep breathing exercises not to faint. As the film continues, the shots get tighter and tighter with the faces cut from the forehead to the chin on the screen; you can practically smell the cheap cologne of Victor Vargas. The overall effect is unrealistic in contrast. The inner scenes of the downtown apartments make them look small and cramp, which is not true. I've been to these type apartments; I used to live in one. They are not splendorous, but have high ceilings and are decent spaces. By the standards of the movie, you would think that these apartments were 5x5 brick and mortar cells, chipped paint and cracked walls. Unfortunately, the constant use of close-ups by Sollett and a particularly bad zoom shot in a scene are totally amateur. But Raising Victor Vargas is just Sollett's second film, and his best known, a solid film effort that we hope will improve as he continues to make movies. One of the reviews I read summarized the film as Ethnicity for Ethnicity's Sake, and I can not agree more. If Victor Vargas really was a great film and story, then the applicability of the characters would not matter if they were Latino, Chinese, etc. But if you took that story and put it in middle-class suburbs with a lot of little white kids it would not be so bright, and we'd see the flaws in the movie more clearly. In fact, some other aspects of using Latinos in this movie bothers me. While some aspects of Victor Vargas are accurate, others I have to question. For example, Victor, Nino and Vicky share the same sleeping space. This set off an alarm for me because it seemed contrary to what I believe. Any self-respecting Latino family would not have two older brothers sharing the same room with a thirteen-year-old girl. At first I was not sure, maybe I was wrong, but after talking to my grandmother I knew that my problem with this was justified. Considering how conservative Grandma is, you'd think Vicky would be sleeping in her room. As a Latino who grew up in a somewhat conservative Cuban home, raised by my grandmother while my mother worked full time, I could relate to the film in many ways, and that is why my Critical views are bittersweet because I really wanted to love this movie. Unfortunately, my lack of respect for Victor Vargas sabotaged my feelings for the film. Maybe it's because Victor Vargas reminds me of those guys who were fucking while I was playing with my Sega Genesis when I was seventeen. Maybe it's because, without further insight into the film, Victor Vargas is merely a stereotypical, hot-blooded Latino who will scream at the girls in his car: 'Hey, little bee, ju wants to get into my sweetheart. Cheen? Anyway I do not like it, so, anyway, how can I like a movie about it? So, if you'll excuse me, I'll stick my hands in a bowl of grains. <br /> <br />
