When teens go on a trip in a camper van, there are many cliches that you can guarantee will follow. <br /> <br /> 1) Teenagers will be warned not to go where they are going through a crazy place. Dan Van Husen deals with this with a ridiculous exposition about dead Sirens. What, who, how and why they are treated in an almost unintelligible explosion. 2) The van will break. 3) As they seek help, the group will be separated and picked up one by one by any monster that has been warned. 4) They will find a house inhabited by a madman, he will capture them. 5) The house will have a telephone, but it will not work, it will be decorated in a disturbing way, there will be intermittent neon lights, spiders and worms. 6) The madman will get them while they try to escape in a vehicle that does not turn on (here the high-speed escape would be done on a tractor). 7) The fool will apparently be dead only to return from the dead by a cheap and weak scare and will be killed properly. 8) Only one girl will be left alive from the group. 9) There will be an unnecessary turnaround at the end. <br /> <br /> Add to these elements Sirens naked (to which the characters seem to react differently, despite the fact that everyone who sees them react immediately) seduces and kills the teenagers. , throats being ripped and bodies being pulled in half and you have something like a 12-year-old dream movie. <br /> <br /> I think it's fair to say that my opinion on the director and his previous work is as low as possible but I'm happy to point out that there are some elements that please on board and are a big improvement on your film previous, Darkhunters, which is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Sometimes cinematography is very good, music and editing are a little above your previous films and some other low budget horror films. I was impressed to learn that it was achieved with a third of the money spent on the previous monstrosity. However, the worst things about this movie can not be found in the body of the film, but ultimately it is a slightly disdainful yet meaningless movie that has been made over and over again but among the extras on the DVD. <br /> <br /> If you rent this movie I beg you to hear the director's comment is unbelievable. There is more to say about it than the movie itself. One disconcerting part of the commentary is the director's claim that the film is a cliché of lead because it was a preconceived notion. He says it's a deliberate attempt to use all the clichés and openly he wonders if "people will understand". <br /> <br /> I'm afraid to say that if this is a clever nod and a wink at past films and genre clichés within them, then it's not scripted enough, acted appropriately. Tom neither headed with enough style to work. If this movie was made to order, this leads me to ask a question; "What was the point?" This is the movie that simply goes into the canon of bad horror movies, any attempt to do something clever or different did not work. <br /> <br /> The next nugget of brilliance is a talk about snobbery over digital. movie formats. They correctly point out that digital is often synonymous with low cost and ease of use. However, the best moment of the conversation comes when they bemoan the fact that when Michael Mann makes a film in the format, he is considered a visionary. There is a simple distinction to be made here; Mann is a talented director who will use the format to fit his story and style, Roberts is a horror hack who uses it to produce background photos of the shelf genre. I think the differences are obvious and the comparison is not just arrogant but redundant. <br /> <br /> The best time is reserved for Robert's comments about people who have had time to review their previous film. Those who did not like him are generalized as "geeks" and he even distinguishes specific people by having the courage to voice their opinion in forums that encourage them to do just that. I must admit I was a little disappointed that my review of his last film was not ridiculed. The speech goes even further when the group makes jokes about Norwegian critics with "hilarious" accents that suggest that the people of Norway would not know a good movie simply because of where they were born. As always, these types of comments say more about who says them than about those who are looking, they simply make the director and his friends seem ignorant. <br /> <br /> The package comes complete with a tasteful feature about how the Mermaids were launched. Robert swears blindly, "I did not want to make a movie like Baywatch," as we see tapes of naked topless girls squirming on the floor. There is also a sympathetic and self-indulgent documentary about the creation of Darkhunters during which Robert says that one critic claimed that Forest is "The Best British Film in Years." I do not know who he's trying to convince. At one point in the commentary track, Robert says jokingly, "I can see people sitting at home saying" this is not amazing, it's not wrong.
