I was never an avid spectator of "Crocodile Hunter," but occasionally I saw an episode, or an episode, and when the news spread about Steve Irwin's death from a stingray attack in 2006, it certainly caught my eye. This film, with Steve and his wife, Terri, playing in itself but in a fictional story, was released in 2002 but I have not heard of it until several years later, and even after that, I took time to get around see this. Well, now I've seen it, and after looking here first (more than once), and seeing its rating, I was not surprised at how deadpan it turned out, although it might have been a better BIT. Apparently it's supposed to be a comedy, so a big problem with that is that it's not funny at all. <br /> <br /> An American satellite falls from space and lands in Australia, where it is swallowed by a crocodile! While Steve and Terri Irwin are on a mission to capture this crocodile from a place where they terrorize livestock on a farm owned by the crazy Brozzie Drewitt, and do not know what's inside it, two CIA agents are sent to Australia to retrieve the sign. ! The agents are aided by Jo Buckley, and the owner of the farm and his dogs can make the mission more difficult for them! In the mission of Steve and Terri, they face other types of dangerous wildlife, not just the crocodile, and since they have no idea that the crocodile has something unusual inside it, when Steve sees the CIA agents behind them, he confuses them with hunters! <br /> <br /> Not only did he not laugh once while watching this movie, the only part that really made me smile was Steve Irwin using a big snake to scare off one of the CIA agents. Besides, I do not think I found anything amusing at all. It's also an incoherent mess, going back and forth from the Australian mainland to the CIA headquarters, and it looks like the "Crocodile Hunter" clips and clips of an action thriller (or something like that) together for some reason. Also added to the mix are the scenes from the ranch, which also seem to be from somewhere else, and as funny as Brozzie Drewitt, played by Magda Szubanski, is, she is not. At one point, we see her farting, so we have a fart joke, a GREAT cliche in modern comedy! Are they so hard to resist? I also found the typical scenes of "Crocodile Hunter" with Steve struggling with crocodiles and holding other dangerous creatures and talking about them to the viewers, to be boring, but I think the fact that I've never been a devotee fan of the show did not help Steve Irwin was admired by many as a conservationist, and unfortunately he missed them, while there are also those who say he messed with nature and had to get to it. No matter which side you are on, "The Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course" is not a well-crafted movie. I'm sure it helps if you're a big fan of Steve Irwin, but even if you do, there's no guarantee you'd like this movie, as some fans were clearly not impressed. In fact, it seems like some of them have found this movie worse than me, so maybe that will not help. Like I said, there is no guarantee. I'd say what you think of Steve Irwin and his show, this movie was unnecessary. The attempt to combine what is normally seen in "Crocodile Hunter" with a fictitious story unfortunately failed, and a viewer might find that this movie seems to have more than ninety minutes!
