From the beginning, this movie was horrible! Why was it so bad? If you are not naked women, not only in need of a decent plastic surgeon, but also experience a dentist, followed by a free hand Colgate Whitening !! So it's the old man 'crazy' at the gas station, which is not crazy, but more 'I do not know how to act too much, so I'll look forward and look as stupid as I can by pretending to roar about something in the forest!' ! So back to those naked nymphs that need a cure for gingivitis ... apparently without touching you ... and this is according to the opening scene ... they can cause a nasty red rash on your neck, which I presumed to be a missing piece of meat, but it looks like it could do with some TCP to clean it. So you have Sophie Holland, who plays Ally, I've never seen such baaaaaad acting, she's more of a "me me, if I'm not having fun no one else is, and I do not want to do that, so I do not, and I I'm the meanest cow on the planet, I'm sarcastic, mean and if I do not get things my way I'm going to be in a bad mood! ", kind of person ... reminds me more than a year old girl's attitude. I do not think it's worth mentioning the awful camera angles that remind me of Blair Witch, or how low-budget the movie really was that when Judd was hacking the "locked" door, it was in fact open before he unlocked it. on the other side !! This movie is completely laughable! If it were a parody, it would have been successful ... only though, but as a horror movie, it was simply wrong !!! I can not even be describing everything that happened in this movie that I would run out of space! Although it was funny to see Andrew dripping raspberry juice into his ear every time he opened his mouth while the character of Tom Savini was completely blind to the two hiding under the table directly in his line of sight! It was even funnier when these two thought they could escape on a damn tractor, which, as we all know, is the number one hated vehicle to get behind since it's so damn slow! So, is it any wonder they do not get away with it? And how many people do you know can cut off your wrist and run for hours like nothing ever happened! No pain, no weakening of blood loss, nothing! But the most foolish part is when suddenly (and I mean it literally) it's a YEAR later and Molly is still wandering through the forest after having escaped the nymphs, and then here's Shaun Hutson picks it up ... of course not without a line to promote your books !! (though he is one of my favorite authors), but all of a sudden, and with absolutely no hint of an explanation as to how and why ... she herself is evil and attracts Hutson to his death, so we cut to the crazy guy since the beginning. suddenly wandering through the jungle with a can of gasoline even after its dazzling performance on why no one should venture there for any reason ... the nymphs stupidly bumping into each other for fun while Crazy spills gasoline everywhere. ... and here ends the movie .... finally! My conclusion .... if you had not already guessed by now .... absolute rubbish! There was no proper thought about it, whoever was aiming the camera needed to shoot ... and came to think of it, as did 99% of the cast! If the right director, actors, and budget were behind it, it might have been decent. But again, low budget English horror films, but the rest of the genre, the country and the English film industry are ashamed !! (And I'm English, so I can say that)! In fact, the only decent and exciting part of the movie is in the first 15 to 20 minutes when we watch it turn overnight overnight over a field type area. All I kept thinking about all this was "Jesus Christ in heaven, why, oh, why did you allow anyone to do it, your absolute cow testicles!" But I can not turn off a movie after I started watching it unfortunately. I had to watch From Dusk Til Dawn then just to remind me that Tom Savini has it in him to act well! If there was an option for 0/10, believe me I would choose this, because this movie is not worth the only point I gave! <br /> <br /> But this is just my opinion, watch and decide for yourself.
