Forest of the Damned begins when five young friends, brother and sister Emilio (Richard Cambridge) and Ally (Sophie Holland), along with Judd (Daniel Maclagan), Molly (Nicole Petty) and Andrew (David Hood) depart in a week long holidays "in the middle of nowhere", his words are not mine. Anyway, before they know they are in a forest and Emilio awkwardly runs over a woman (Frances Da Costa) along with a seriously injured person to add to their problems the van they are traveling will not start and they can not receive no signal on their cell phones. They need to find help quickly for Molly and Judd to leave hoping to find a house as time passes and darkness begins to fall, it is clear that they are not alone and that there is something unpleasant lurking in the forest ... < > This English production was written & directed by Johannes Roberts & having examined several other reviews and reviews here on IMDb and through the internet Forest of the Damned seems to split the opinion with some who like and others not personally did not much for nothing. The screenplay is credited on Roberts' screen, but here in IMDb he lists Joseph London with 'additional script material', the film is a basic slasher-like thing like The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974) with its faceless teen victims are but they use the interesting concept of fallen angels who wander the forest and kill people for reasons that are never explained to any great satisfaction. Then there is Stephen, played by the always fantastic Tom Savini, who never gets any kind of justification for what he does. Is he there to get victims for the angels? If so, why did he kill Andrew by banging his head? The story is very loose, it never seemed like an appropriate movie. The character is poor, the dialogue is not much better and the lack of any significant story makes it difficult to get into it or worry about anything that is happening. Having said that it moves at a reasonable pace and there are some decent scenes here. <br /> <br /> Director Johannes does not do anything special, it's not a particularly stylish movie or flash to look at. There are some decent horror scenes and the Tom Savini character is great whenever he's on the screen (though why did not he hear Judd smash the door with an ax while escaping with Molly?) And it's a shame when he's dead. There are a couple of decent scenes here, someone has their head crushed, there is a decapitation, someone picks up a shotgun, someone's throat is bitten, someone bites their lips and someone is ripped in half. There is also a good amount of full frontal female nudity, not that this helps a lot. <br /> <br /> Technically the Forest of the Damned is OK, it's reasonably well done, but nothing overly special or attractive. This was filmed in England and Wales and it is very strange to see an English scene for a very American inverted terror. The acting is generally very poor, except for Savini, who deserves to be better than this. Horror author Shaun Hutson has an embarrassing tip at the end and proves that he should stay to write instead of acting. <br /> <br /> Forest of the Damned was a very poor horror movie, it seems to have fans out there, so maybe I'm missing something, but it's not a movie I'm very fond of. In addition to one or two decent moments, there is not much here to recommend.
