This movie really works from a pretty original idea - I've never seen nymphs that have been kicked out of the sky in a horror movie before anyway. However, the way he performs this idea is not original at all; We follow a group of children who, for some reason, decide to take a trip to the forest. The fact that the forest is inhabited by these nymphs makes it more interesting than merely another forest filled with country folk / wacky / zombies etc; but in fact, the monsters are just a variation of the common horror in the theme of the woods. Many movies of this type do not have a single good idea - and it seems that this one used its brain cells only with this one. The only real good that monsters bring to the table is the fact that they are beautiful women the characters crave for, instead of being hideous grotesques from which they want to escape. This is good to some extent; but it soon gets boring, and the almost complete lack of any story around the central monsters ensures that the movie will never come out of the 'awful garbage' category. <br /> <br /> It's been years since The Evil Dead made forests a hot spot, and despite such films as The Blair Witch Project; still contributes to an excellent scenario of terror. This is one of the main features of the film, since the forest presents a good impression of the unknown - the only problem is that Forest of the Damned never seems to have much up its sleeve. The death sequences show a distinct lack of imagination, and the fact that all the characters are clichés to the extreme does not help, since you're more likely to be anxious to see them being killed rather than waiting for them to escape. The cast consists mainly of children, but there is a role here for Tom Savini; who unfortunately can not have fun in the special effects department. The only real highlight that the film has for the personal comes from the nymphs themselves. Naked women tend to look great, and if it were not for them, this movie would get pretty boring pretty quickly. There is nothing to recommend this movie for really; but if you want a little stupid horror movie that goes back to the style of the eighties films, you can find some pleasure here.
