People tried to make me believe that the premise of this supernatural horror / suspense was inspired by the last words spoken by an authentic serial killer (whose name escapes me at the moment). While waiting for his execution in the electric chair, he claimed that his soul would come back to life and continue to go on a wave of endless murders. It's not a highly original idea to launch a horror movie, by the way. Other low-budget turkeys have implemented exactly the same basic premise, such as "House 3," "Shocker," and "Ghost in the Machine." Anyway, "The First Power" (also called "Pentagrama") is not a completely terrible effort, but the script reverts too much to the clichés and lacks genuine emotions. The film begins as a serial killer movie, albeit mundane, in which obsessive co-pilot Lou Diamond Philips pursues a maniac who puts bloody pentagrams on the chest of his victims. He receives unexpected help from a spiritual medium, played by the beautiful and underestimated Tracy Griffith. She takes you to the killer, but also begs not to run it, as this would result in an even greater catastrophe! Thanks to Tess's helpful hints, Detective Logan quickly captures the killer and celebrates his death penalty, but Patrick Channing made a pact with Satan himself and returns to the rotten streets of California to kill some more. "The First Power" gets pretty bad when the killer reincarnates as a vengeful spirit. Instead of using his newly acquired satanic powers to do away with the whole world (that's what I would do in his position), Channing simply prefers to play cat-and-mouse games with his enemy, Copper. He calls him annoyingly "boy-friend" all the time and owns the bodies of Logan's friends and colleagues to deceive him. Even though it's never really boring or poorly performed, it's a very weak film to bear, especially since you constantly have the feeling of déjà-vu. Writer / director Robert Resnikoff blatantly uses all the terrible clichés (the killer has been sexually abused as a child) and even the lines of the players can be easily predictable. As soon as Griffith explains that she is able to predict the future, you just know that somewhere in the movie she will utter the ridiculously abused phrase, "I tell people they live their lives, but my own life is a mess." To yawn. The performance of Lou Diamond Philips is adequate enough, but it is quite difficult to take the young rebel from "La Bamba" and "Stand and Deliver" seriously as a hard copper. There are also decent supporting roles for Mykelti Williamson ("Forrest Gump"), Carmen Argenziano ("When a Stranger Calls") and the legend of horror films B David Gale ("Re-Animator") appear in a tiny cameo at the beginning of the movie.
