Horrible! Horrible! Horrible! No, I did not like it. It was obvious what the film's intent was: to track the handling and handling of the "movers and shakers" that produce a film. In some cases, they are people who represent themselves as others than they are. I did not need a movie to tell me how shallow some people in the film industry are. I suppose I was really guilty because I expected something like "Roman Holiday". <br /> <br /> I'm not a filmmaker or a film teacher, but it seemed to me that the film consisted of a series of 'two shots' (in the main), where the actors (!) were given a loose plot and improvised the dialogue. Henry Jaglon says he and Victoria Foyt actually wrote the script, but the impression was that the actors, aware of the film's overall direction, improvised the dialogue - and it was not always successful. Such a case was when Ron Silver made some remarks that did not really flow along the line of the conversation (and I will not go looking for it again!) And Greta Scacchi started to laugh even though they should be having a serious talk because the remark Silver was a non sequitur. You also have the impression that an actor deliberately tries to "trick" the other actor and break his concentration. Another instance of this is when a producer tells Silver to "bring the documents from & *% # @ #" (3 times). Silver seemed literally lost in words. I saw another movie that looked like a series of theater workshops about improvisation and that was awful too! The fact that Jaglon was able to lure Greta Scacchi (not strange to Australia), Ron Silver, Anouk Ami and Maximilian Schell suggest it was a "slow news week" for them. Peter Bogdanovich had a "what the hell am I doing here" look on his face at all times and I expected to hear him say, "Look, I'm a director and screenwriter - not an actor" - that would have been unnecessary to state! Faye Dunaway seemed more interested in promoting her son, Liam. In addition to the abrupt delivery of the dialogue, the portable camera became annoying even if it was for verisimilitude - as I suspect the "natural" dialogue was - and the interest of the directors became subordinate to the interest in the various young people who walk together. the wire trying to creep in. That at least approached Cinema Verite. So, along with the annoying French corner during which I used the mute button, I made a 90-minute interval, generally disappointing. <br /> <br /> I think we should avoid the apotheosis of movies like that. Trying to see value in the film in which it has little credit to substantiate a transcendental level to it is mistaken. There was really nothing vanguard about it. It did not appear like a work of art and it was not a documentary either. I know, it was a documentary, but the real test is if it's fun. I was bored of my skull! He had a redeeming feature: he pronounced 'Cannes' correctly, so I gave 3/10.
