'I dont understand. None of this makes any sense! 'Exclaims an exasperated character at the end of Death Smiles at Murder. Having just been through this thoroughly confusing mess of a movie, I know exactly how it feels. The story of the director of the film, Aristide Massacessi (the good old Joe D'amato using his real name for a change), is a clumsy mix of supernatural, murder / mystery and pretentious artistic junk, which will probably appeal to those who admire the rubbish from the 70's as Jess Franco's most bizarre efforts, but that made me struggle to remain conscious. Opening with a hunchback mourning the death of his beautiful sister (with whom he was having an incestuous affair, before eventually losing it to a dashing doctor), Death Smiles at Murder soon becomes very confusing when the same woman (played by Ewa Aulin, starring the equally strange "Death Laid an Egg") is seen alive and kicking, the only survivor of a bus accident that occurs outside the property of Walter and Eva von Ravensbrück. After being invited to stay and recuperate in her home, where she is taken care of by the scary Dr. Sturges (Klaus Kinski in a disposable paper), the beautiful girl begins the love affairs with Mr. and Mrs. Ravensbrück (meaning that viewers are treated to some brief but welcome scenes of nookie and lesbian love.) <br /> <br /> 'So far so good,' I thought to myself at this point, 'we had humps, incest, a little of blood and courage and free feminine nudity 'all the ingredients of a great useless Euro-horror; what follows, however, is a failed attempt by Massacessi to combine giallo murders, ghostly events, and even elements of Edgar Allan Poe's 'The Black Cat' to tell a very silly, utterly disconcerting and extremely boring with revenge. Beyond the grave. <br /> <br /> This movie seems to have few admirers here on IMDb, but given the choice, I'd rather watch one of the director's darkest films after his career; I think the incomprehensible, twisting, surreal Gothic horror of the '70s is not my thing! 2.5 out of 10 (purely for the brute and nekkidness), rounded up to 3 for IMDb.
