According to the Master of Horror segment, IMDb of Takashi Miike, Imprint was banned in the USA. So I figured it would translate the Swedish criticism I just wrote for her ... It was hard NOT to have any kind of anticipation of the episode of Ichi The killer director Takashi Miike in the Masters of Horror. Series. And the DVD cover of Imprint made the writing look very promising. The story mostly takes place in a remote Japanese brothel sometime during the 19th century and tells the story of a journalist looking for Komomo, the woman he left behind and whom he promised to return . Tired and discouraged, he arrives at the brothel, hoping this will be the end of his long journey. It turns out that one of the prostitutes, a deformed and quiet girl, knows about Komomo, and the desperate man makes her say where she is and what happened to her since he left. The story she tells him is as deplorable as it is hard to swallow ... <br /> <br /> The first thing that impressed me about the episode was how unnatural it was for the Japanese cast to speak fluent English. -English. But I'll leave it like this, it's not a big deal. What a great deal though, is how miserable the rest was. Miike's tale moves at such a slow pace that I could not help but look at my watch several times during the 63 minutes. The long scene of the scene, somewhere in the middle of the film, seemed so unmotivated - and pornographically intrusive - that not even this scene became interesting. I felt it was violent only because of the violence itself - no sense of style or purpose. The only scenes that gave me any kind of emotion were the images of bloody fetuses rolling in the depths of rapidly flowing water ... and in all honesty, the only emotions they provoked were feelings of disgust. <br /> <br /> The journalist who seeks the love he left behind is played by Billy Drago, for me more memorable as Frank Nitti - Al Capones killer in white in Brian De Palmas The Untouchables (1987). I always found that the portrait of Dragos de Nitti was very icy (and I mean it in a good way), and that's probably why I was almost annoyed when I found it so awful (NOT in a good way) 1. His acting seems to flow between no feeling or empathy, whatever the display of some really bad overcoming. When your character must react to the terrible things that Komomo was subjected to, I was sitting on the couch, twisting and turning in an attempt to escape Drago's awful work of acting. I am grateful that most of the story is told by Yuoki Kudoh (Memoirs of a Geisha, 2005), which plays the deformed prostitute. <br /> <br /> The ending must probably be shocking, maybe even revolting and horrible, but I thought it was kind of ... you know ... "blah" (and I looked at my watch again, for the umpteenth time, just wishing the episode of shit was over). Maybe the ending made me smile a little, but that was because I could not help but think of an episode of Red Dwarf, and the upside-down jaws of Craig Charles and Danny John-Jules, with their eyes glued on them to make they look like aliens ... Lucky you, if you've seen that episode and now decide to see Imprint, I'll always ruin the look of the ending for you. <br /> <br /> My first thought, when The Impression finally ended, was that the only thing that made the pain worth seeing was listening to the main theme of Edward Shearmur's title (the same song I I believe it's used in every episode of this series), and it's a damn big warning, do not you think? <br /> <br /> One can point to the costume, by Michiko Kitamura, and say that there is at least something that does not lack in style and refinement .. But there are so many other movies and TV shows that are very better at displaying the Japanese "fashion geisha". This is nothing but inferior and I am disappointed. The episode Masters of Horror by Takashi Miike is annoying, uninspired and meaningless. In other words; It's really too bad!
