Honestly, the concept behind "Masters of Horror" had something to do with it. The great directors of terror who are now being set aside by the fact that the industry gets a chance to direct the terror again, I was in favor of everything from the beginning. That is, until I watched a few episodes ... Oh boy, it's really bad on TV. Not only does it seem like the directors are getting very small budgets to target their skits, but there also seem to be guidelines, like filming in HD, for example. To shorten the story, it is bad for both financial and artistic reasons. I can not help but compare with the "Tales of the Crypt", and the M.o.H. episodes do not really support comparison. The TFTC was good, the MOH is bad; according to me here are some keys to explain: the TFTC was shorter (about 25 minutes for each episode) than the MOH (50 minutes per episode), I believe it allowed for denser scripts with good ideas resorting more often , better overview of an episode episode, less chances of letting the plot be confusing or annoying. The duration may have also been the reason why the budget was better spent on the TFTC: the directors had REAL composers (MOH composers are nonexistent, very bad), REAL actors (while in MOH he is only an unknown actor after actor unknown!), REAL Directors of photography and sometimes can help REAL movie cameras (while the MOH is filmed on HD cameras with very wrong lenses), the result is that TFTC episodes looked and were "cinematic" in the sense that there were actual actors being cast, ranging from Michael J. Fox to Tim Roth, from Kyle McLachlan to Kirk Douglas, but there were also movie composers from within reach of Alan Silvestri, great cinematographers like Dean Cundey. , high-level writers, and in that sense each "Tale" was a short film of its own nature. Compared to the TFTC, the Masters of Horrors is a very bad approach to TV horror. It's very difficult to keep looking if your cinematography standards are a little above average because it looks the same as any ugly TV series, if not worse. It gets boring and even annoying incredibly fast in the first 10 minutes normally. Actors are never heard before aspirants (except for Fairuza Balk, Robert Englund, Angela Bettis and some, but even so, they are the only famous actors in their episodes). The MoH director base was good at first, but it's getting worse and worse with each episode: now, if even the directors are unknown to the world, what's left? Anything! And it's funny how they're starting to have completely unknown directors, while they still did not have, say Stan Winston, Dick Maas, William Lustig, Sam Raimi, Eric Red, Robert Harmon, William Friedkin, Jim Wall and Stuart Gordon. Mulcahy ... If even "Masters of Horror" can not bring dead directors back to life, who will it be? Maybe a reprise of Tales from the Crypt.
