Ed Wood's infamous "classic" plan by Ed Wood features an indignant alien calling the human race "... stupid! Stupid, stupid stupid!" I would have to say that exposure A at that trial would probably be this movie, a ridiculously silly science fiction film. <br /> <br /> Action star Jean Claude Van Damme returns to the blockbuster role of the original film. Luke, a former Universal Soldier who now works making really good universal soldiers. While Van Damme was too big to reprise the role in the first two sequences, he was too small to do anything else when the fourth movie in the Universal Soldier series appeared. Then, probably cursing softly all the time, he kicks, grunts, and grimaces of ninety minutes of karate explosions and kicks. You will find a lot of stupid violence but I advise you to take a jacket to your brain at the door when you start watching this thing. Otherwise, you're able to forget where you left off when you're done. Luke is called to action against more Universal Soldiers after a very REALLY badly named computer Seth (makes HAL look like Ghandi) transforms all other universal soldiers into mean and unmerciful killers. Of course this is what these things are programmed to do, but in this case they are killing their creators, not "the enemy," then that is a problem. <br /> <br /> I love the silly logic of this movie. Logic that believes that a supercomputer would create a body for itself that looks as embarrassed as Michael Jai White does to be in this movie. Logic that dictates that Seth's creator is a blue-haired, stereotyped cybernetic nerd who releases cliches more often than Old Faithful does. The logic that has a karate climax fight features two characters kicking each other through ten separate panels of glass breaking in the space of three minutes of time on the screen. <br /> <br /> The film also features a daughter in distress, the fighter Bill. Goldberg as a fighter disguised as Universal Soldier, and such a stuck novel, I have to think that writers thought novels were really a good thing. And when this movie ends, it ends. Not one minute after a gigantic final-style explosion are running credits. No epilogue, not where they are now, no final kiss, just blast, hug, it's over. Even the creators want to get out of this thing as fast as possible. <br /> <br /> Although it's not Plan 9, the US: TR is a little nonsense of an action movie that would be fun at noisy parties. Van Damme fans who like to see their hero really reaching new depths. Not to be seen on a serious stomach.
