I first heard Unisol 2 when I went to a movie theater when I was on vacation in America. I did not really pay much attention until I bought the original DVD, which led me to discover its three sequences. I started reading about The Return on the IMDB and asked my friends what they thought about it. Despite his terrible reviews, I still went out of my way to see him and was on the verge of buying him until I saw him on DVD rentals. I did not expect much, but I thought it must have been kind of decent to have a US release, after all, how many times do you see Van Damme on the big screen? Well, nothing could have prepared me for that. It's so bad I almost cried. That total waste of 80 minutes and £ 2.50. It is difficult to explain how bad this movement is. Honestly. This is stupid movie. No, she's more than an idiot. I just can not believe how this was done. I can not believe anyone out there has not murdered Mic Rogers. How stupid people can be - first, Van Damme, actually thinking that the script and the finished film were good. Second, the fact that Xander Berkley, from Terminator 2 status and Air Force One, commits himself to this movie. I just can not believe the stupidity of this movie. It takes itself so seriously, but it comes to the public like a parody. Here's an example: JCVD's daughter (yes, Luc is now a human again) - "I want my daddy", SETH - "Me too." Oh yeah, and a guy tries to turn SETH off by pulling three huge levers with - wait for it - ON and OFF written on them. Acting everywhere is like acting at school. I'm sure Mr. Director has modeled Luc's reporter girlfriend in April O'Neil's cartoon Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles - she refuses to go because she "... needs her story." I mean, come on - how many cliches can a movie use? Please, listen to me fellow IMDB users - do not touch this with a barge pole. To conclude, Universal Soldier: The Return has nothing to do with the first film. In fact, if they were not called UniSols, you would never know it was a sequel. Luc is now a human again - what the hell!?! The only place where he can access the internet is in a stripclub. All the new Uni Sols look like they've been dragged off the street, they're not as convincing. This is pure torture to watch, so do yourself a favor - do not torture yourself. P.S - Best part of the movie: Romeo jumps from a building and shouts 'Oh sh * t'.
