We opened with Colonel Luc Deveraux (Van Damme), the original Universal Soldier and his amiable Asian friend being chased by a river that appears to be a Universal Soldier. They almost kill both, so wait, it was just a field test. Deveraux we find now is part of a government-funded company that designs the new level of Universal Soldiers. Why would he want to get involved with this (if you know anything about the original) is never explained and way beyond me. <br /> <br /> It is after this fragile piece that the true story begins. The US government cut off the budget of the Universal Soldier project and in the process angered SETH (the large artificial mainframe computer that controls the Universal Soldiers). Of course it will not be closed without a fight. So that means that Van Damme has to get out there and take out the whole new breed of Universal Soldiers. Which sounds like a fun idea for an action movie and a sequel, but that does not stop it from becoming stupid as hell. <br /> <br /> For example, one of the new Universal Soldiers is played by Bill Goldberg. It seems like you can not miss casting a fighter in an action movie. He's big, he's tough, right? Wrong. Van Damme does not seem to have a problem wiping the floor with him ... once ... twice ... three times. The point here lost in me. Then there is the glass breaking. A rudimentary part of any action movie, but someone involved should have a fetish for glass. You have to see the fight scenes in particular. Let's not talk about how nobody cuts or slips. So to put the cherry on top of that train crash, they have the SETH (the computer) safe a human body for themselves and how appropriate it is when they make the black villain (Michael Jai White). Nothing works better than a good white man battling a black bandit he seems. Potentially offensive and simply lame. It also does not replace the Dolph. <br /> <br /> Universal Soldier 2 is a terrible sequel. He's tall, he's dumb and does not care. The original was nothing poetic, but made a simple sense with a science fiction element and was entertained at a basic level. The sequel does not. However, they keep the run time in ninety minutes and somehow found a way to squeeze into a string of strip strips. So give credit where credit is due.
