After seeing the more poignant low-budget versions of the "Universal Soldier" franchise, I waited and prayed that Van Damme would reprise his role as Luc Devoreaux in a second Unisol movie. Well, it seemed that this prayer was answered, but not the way I expected it. Universial Soldier 2 is just as intense as reading poetry in your local library. No, even that would be more intriguing. The fight sequences are top-notch, Bruce Lee's quality, which is the only redeeming factor throughout this pathetic excuse for a movie. That and have the legend of the WCW tough guy, Goldberg, playing the villain. However, putting Goldberg as Seth's lieutenant would have been better. <br /> <br /> More offended me was the setting for the movie itself. It's as if some film school students have put it all together. The plot holes are bigger than Kanye West's ego is what really made this movie. For example: Hillary, Luc's daughter, seems to be at least 11-13 years old and the first film was filmed just seven years ago. How is this possible? Tell me that! The part where Luc's partner was killed and turned into a Unisol is just damn! You want to tell me that there was an experimental Unisol exposed naked in the basement of the research complex at the beginning of the movie. Come on. The director could have spent more time with this movie as the first and stitched up all the holes in the plot. But oooh nooo! <br /> <br /> Speaking of the plot, it sucks! Compared to the first film, the plot of Universal Soldier 2 was weakened and useless. Where are the brave emotions in which a Unisol goes mad and reenacts his last memories in a grocery store bust thinking about his Desert Storm or something? This was the dawn of the Millennium, you would attract more than one audience if this had occurred in a future fossa of dystopia / Orwellian. Corny is the correct adjective to describe this sad, sad and sad sequence. <br /> <br /> From what I've seen: Double Impact, Under Siege 2, Robocop 3, and hell, even the finished lower class class of 1999 is more fun than that!
