Okay, I've seen this movie for a bad reference, but with this movie it's best Unisol movie now plot Luc Devereux is now a technical expert who is working with the government with his partner Maggie, who has spent countless hours of training and combat with it, to refine and perfect the UniSol program in an effort to create a new and stronger type of soldier who is more sophisticated, intelligent and agile. All new Unisols, which are faster and stronger than their predecessors, are connected through an artificially intelligent computer system called SETH, a Self-Evolving Thought Helix. When SETH discovers that the Universal Soldier program is scheduled to be closed because of budget cuts, he takes matters into his own "hands" to protect himself. Killing those who try to turn off their power, and release their platoon of super soldiers, led by Romeo's musclebound, SETH saves Deveraux, just because Deveraux has the secret code that is needed to disable an embedded program that will close SETH in a matter of hours. With the help of a hacker named Squid, SETH takes on the human form. Not only will Luc fight with ambitious reporter Erin, who will not leave his side, but Luc also must fight with General Radford, who wants to take extreme measures to stop SETH. SETH also kidnapped Luc's 13-year-old daughter, who is 13, and now holds her hostage. Luc is the only person who can rescue Hillary, because Luc knows firsthand how UniSol thinks, feels and struggles. now there are problems like in any movie how someone thought it strange how a reporter was simply there and The soldiers may have been flattened with a truck however when Vanne Damme shoots them with a gun with a bullet and they die and the final scene of the fight was unbelievable when Luc is now human and Seth is 5x stronger and faster than any other Unisol and Luc can be hit by it. with the final fight, when Luc crushed him to pieces, I was really surprised that the pieces did not melt him and reformed him (Terminator 2). Another thing that bothers me is how the hell Vanne Damme gets good actors to play relatives, I mean, in Vanne Damme's case, it's completely off the grid of how Science Fiction this movie is. The Musical Score now that should have been mentioned you already heard a song in which you would rather cut a slate with a knife well Universal Soldier 2 is like that. The good points are that there is no Dolph (HOORAY) and unlike the first, there is only one naked scene, whereas in the first there are many (I am still haunted by the scenes in # 1) also the actors in this have some talent while in the first the casting guys were sadistic (if you do not believe me, look)
