In his depiction of a miserable Milanese lower class, this film was probably quite revealing in his day. However, I have the impression that neorealism was never really the bag of director De Sica, because here he decided to try to create a kind of modern fable centered around a boy who had been found in a cabbage by an old friend of the country . After spending most of his childhood in an orphanage, Toto ends up living in a favela in Milan. He organizes the inhabitants in community action, and keeps his mood moving with an annoyingly constant smile on his face and testing them in his schedules. Let no one tell you where to put your time tables is beyond me, since these people have far more important things to think about, such as where the next Pot Noodle will come from. Either way, De Sica uses a sublimely subtle dramatic device to highlight just why these poor guys are where they are. It all comes down to capitalism, of course, and to illustrate this, it makes the miserable discover a source of oil on their land. Bright! To his credit, however, at this point he gave up making a serious film, and the capitalists appear as stern cartoons, all fur coats and cigars. They want this land, but our mathematical hero will not support this absurdity. By a bizarre stroke of luck his old deceased guardian of the cabbage days appears in the sky and gives him a magical dove. He uses it to give gifts to his friends, who are as greedy as cigar men. I think this movie was a missed opportunity. To address the issue of poverty, as many filmmakers had not done so far, and then being caught up in a fairy tale, to me it seems a bit stupid. How do 'big' directors do with childish twists like the ones we see here? Hans Christian Anderson probably would have refused the idea of ​​having the poor fly over the Milan Duomo and climb to a higher place on brooms. De Sica, however, is proclaimed as a genius for this. Certainly the fact that these people are so poor, that their faith is unshakable, and that miracles never happen to them, is enough for any storyteller to work. <br /> <br />
