The mind is amazed at exactly what the Universal Soldier deserved a sequel. Since the real star, Dolph Lundgren, would not be able to reprise his role from the original, there is little reason to give in to this obvious tax break. Bold attempts are made to fill the gap with professional wrestler Bill Goldberg and martial arts expert Michael Jai White. To their credit, they give their action sequences a good sense of excitement. Bill Goldberg looks like he's having the best time of his life in this movie, and he makes a good attempt to fill the necessary role of the comic villain. For once, your role is one that involves repeating the same line a few times and does not become annoying. The problem from the public's point of view is that none of these gentlemen actually have the sense of comic timing or humility that makes Lundgren a pleasure to watch in almost all of his films. And therein lies the problem. You will not see a Van Damme movie because you want serious action. You go because you want comedy, however unintentional. <br /> <br /> Without the knowledge of many people, the Universal Soldier was followed by two direct sequences for video. I only saw the first one, which had such poor production values ​​that we can only imagine if it was to be some kind of elaborate joke. Matt Battaglia was so terrible in the role of Luc Deveraux that for the first time in his career, the vision of Jean-Claude Van Damme comes as a welcome relief. The film more or less completely disregards the stories from the above-mentioned direct video sequences, and instead begins a whole new story that defines an indeterminate time after the events of the original. After years of research and explanation, the Unisol project is still underway, with some minor modifications. On the one hand, the new Unisols are stronger and more resistant to damage than their previous cousins. On the other hand, all Unisols are now under the direction of a supercomputer called SETH. In the early parts of the film, SETH exists primarily as a series of abstract graphics inside a glass dome. Since the film hardly lasts more than eighty minutes, we are quickly informed that funding for the military is being cut. The Unisol project is in the cutting block, which essentially means that SETH will be deactivated. SETH, somehow hearing this conversation through means that are never really explained, decides to mobilize the Unisols as an army against those who try to end it. Its only problem is that, from time to time, it is necessary to put a code on your system to prevent automatic shutdown. Two individuals have the code in question. SETH kills the first one in a short time, and those who are familiar with the plot kit Van Damme's movies are built on will guess in five seconds who will be the second. The rest of the film revolves around Unisols' attempts to take Van Damme's code without hurting him too much. A subplot with a daughter and a reporter is woven into the film, but it adds as much to the story as Van Damme does to the acting profession. <br /> <br /> The movie is loaded to the brim with ridicule. lines and clichés. When SETH transplanted its command module into Michael Jai White's body, we received a speech about how human time has gone. He goes on to tell his infantrymen how fear and mortality will be the weakness of mankind. Wow, SETH, you mean they will not be our strengths? Joking aside, the short length of the film is both the weakness and the strength of the film. Leave the action without proper setting. In the original, we get a very thorough explanation of the Unisols, how they work and how they are brought to the state that is seen in most movies. Here the writer seems to take it for granted that the viewer knows what a Unisol is and how they operate. At least in the original, a moment of curiosity and admiration was created, leaving the explanation for later in the film, when the hero lies in an ice bath. Here, one of the villains is shot with a gun that leaves huge holes in his uniform (and presumably his body), rising every time without stopping to breathe. <br /> <br /> I usually book one's score for movies that are so bad that they become fun in a completely unintended way. If you can see it cheap, kill yourself. This is the kind of movie that makes me mourn the loss of the Mystery Science Theater.
