When I was 16, I saw the documentary: "A Funny Thing Happened on the Moon's Path." I really liked it, and I believed it for a few years. But then I grew up and started thinking, and when I had looked for more information. This is: more information from spool fonts and fonts without bias. When I first started university, not so long ago, I asked an assistant professor of astronomy about these conspiracy theories. What he said shocked me: He said all these theories are lies. This intrigued me, I did not believe first, but he presented evidence for his claims. He quickly unmasked most of the theories on the subject: "Humans did not go to the moon." The most outraged claim was that the Apollo spacecraft could not travel through the Van-Allen Radiation Belt without the crew perishing of the radiation. The truth is that Americans use a secret alloy of anti-radiation aluminum. Not so well known. And the exact specifications are a secret. And why is it a secret: well, why should they reveal it? If they were in a space race with the Russians then it would be too stupid to reveal that they had a new technology that could protect the crew from the radiation. <br /> <br /> And then there is the greatest evidence of all: Moon Stones. When the Apollo missions were to the moon, they brought back many moon stones, to give geologists and similar scientists who are documenting all the things about the moon. These rocks and stones are of the moon fact. Because: the basic internal elements, of which all matter consists, are also made of special isotopes, which are different from quarry to quarry, earth to earth and especially planet of the planet. The isotopes of these stones and stones have been proved, that they do not come from the earth. The astronauts brought home hundreds of kilograms of these rocks, and it was proved that they all came from outside the Earth and from the same planet. Ergo: The moon landings are not false. NASA went to another planet: the moon, although not a planet, but a satellite to a planet, a moon (duuh). These rocks have been distributed to laboratories and universities around the world. It's proven: the humans went to the moon - it's a fact, that's it. <br /> <br /> But I do not care: most conspiracy theorists are usually unemployed and uneducated, it is mostly why they do not know or lie about these facts. The fact remains: humans walked on the moon.
