Johnny Weissmuller's latest film as "King of the Jungle," after 16 years in the role, TARZAN AND THE SEREIAS, will certainly disappoint everyone but the most ardent of his fans. At age 44, the former Olympic athlete, one of Hollywood's most active "party animals", had already passed the slim sportsmanship of his youth and looked tired (although he was in slightly better condition than at his previous entry, TARZAN AND A HUNTER) <br /> <br /> Weissmuller not only got too old for his role; Johnny Sheffield, the 'Boy' par excellence, had grown to adulthood (he was a 17-year-old boy), so he was written out of the script under the pretext of being 'out of school'. Brenda Joyce, at age 35, was appearing in her quarter of the five films as 'Jane' (she would provide the transition when Lex Barker became the new Tarzan in TARZAN'S MAGIC FOUNTAIN 1949) and was still as sexy as ever. <BR> <BR> <BR> <BR> Produced by Sol Lesser, on the RKO, on a tiny budget, the cast and crew took advantage of the cheaper workforce filming in Mexico. While the site gave a decidedly Hispanic air to what was supposedly darker Africa, veteran director Robert Florey utilized the country extensively, incorporating cliff diving and an Aztec temple in history. When a young girl on the island (Tyrone's future power fiancee, Linda Christian) is rescued in a jungle river by Tarzan, he discovers that a local high priest (George Zucco, one of the most vile villains enduring filmmakers) has virtually enslaved the local population, threatening the retribution of a living 'God' if they do not do what he commands. The girl had been chosen to become the bride of 'God', so she ran away. Faster than you can say "Is it a stupid plot or what?", The girl is kidnapped by the priest's henchmen and returned to the island, and Tarzan, followed by Jane, colorful Spanish character "Benjy" (charmingly played by John Laurenz, who sings several songs), and a government commissioner is out to take over the Deity and his priest (poor Cheeta is left behind). After a series of discoveries (the 'God' is simply a cheat in an Aztec mask, working with the priest on the milking of the island's rich pearl beds), a bit of quarrelsome action and comic relief and songs from Benjy, everything reaches o Hope it is a happy ending. Notably, TARZAN AND AS SEREIAS features a soundtrack by the brilliant composer Dimitri Tiomkin, and it's much better than you'd expect from this 'B' movie! While the film would provide a less than auspicious ending to Weissmuller's time in Tarzan's thong (he would immediately go on to play Jungle Jim, a more eloquent variation on Monkey Man in khaki), the talent involved the overall product at least a bit above the total mess it could have been. <br /> <br /> Tarzan was about to recover, and became much sexier ...
