From his uninspiring title to flat-screen acting, Curdled is a movie that is not noteworthy everywhere. The film won some fans with the fact that Quentin Tarantino's name is attached to him, and the silly and out of place waved to Rodriguez / Tarantino's film 'From Dusk till Dawn'. These things do not make a great movie, however, and this is more than evident throughout the 'Curdled' time. The film suffers from an obvious lack of ideas, and tries to mask this with murders that are meant to be stylish and events that should be disturbing. The Mexican soundtrack that accompanies many of the film's sequences is obviously cool, but it gets annoying very quickly; especially in addition to the fact that the main character is Mexican, it does not fit the tone of the movie. The plot of the film is typically unusual and follows a gorehound who, because of his obsession with horrific crimes, accepts a job at a company that cleans murder scenes. It sounds annoying and it is. <br /> <br /> William Baldwin is the only 'name' on the cast list, and even he does not impress. He has not received anything to do in the movie and, in addition to talking to his victims and standing still trying to appear menacing, he is practically lost. Angela Jones, or rather; the Pulp Fiction taxi driver, takes on the lead role as the young woman obsessed with the murder, and it is always clear that it is her involvement with Pulp Fiction that earned her this role, not her ability to perform. She may have been good enough in her small role in Tarantino's masterpiece, but she does not have the talent to lead a film by herself. She seems lost and out of place for most of the film, and if it were not for her Latin accent; she would not convince the public that she's a weirdo at any level. Coil is a one hundred percent proof piece of forgettable trash. Films like this usually win praise for inventions or black comic antics; but this fails at all levels. Whether you are a Tarantino fan, William Baldwin fan, horror fan or just a movie fan; this is one to miss.
