This is possibly the most retarded 80's slasher ever performed, but how hard can you be with a movie that features uninterrupted images of dozens of gorgeous women with stimulating bodies doing aerobic exercise, bathing, and wandering in tight gym outfits? Before being a horror movie, "Aerobicide" is a 90 minute promotional video to encourage the use of steroids, silicones and other fitness products. If you leave out all the pictures of handsome boys lifting weights and hot girls swinging their asses and shelves in unbearable 80's songs, there's probably only about 15 minutes left. Enough time to improvise a conspiracy about a sadistic killer knocking down health-mad young people with a big safety pin (yeah ??). The movie begins with a haphazardly unintentional scene of a girl being fried between an electric sunbathing device. Several years later, people appear dead in the same spa. You really do not need to be a fanatic by experienced terror or a rocket scientist to find out that there is a connection between the murders and the burning incident, now you? Investigating the case, there's a seemingly brave cop (and it looks like Charles Napier!) And a private detective who's lucky with the beauty of the '80s I've seen! Looking at the credits, her name is Dianne Copeland, apparently, and she did nothing but that turkey and a stupid Troma movie called "Surf Nazis Must Die." What a wasted opportunity! She may not have been a great actress, but she sure had two other BIG advantages that would help her get into show business. The amount of blood and the quality of the makeup effects are nothing special. We are treated to a pair of bizarre stabs with a pin and grilled human flesh. The twists at the end are ridiculous and predictable, but at this point no one else takes the film seriously. "Aerobicide" (also known as "Killer Workout") is recommended in case you want to turn off all your brain functions for one night but still feel like watching a movie! In fact, it would be a great double movie with "Death Spa". Do both movies have lots of sexy and poorly dressed girls? and both films are pretty dumb.
