I saw "Paris Je T'Aime" because a friend really wanted to see, so I went along with him. Going inside, I was indifferent about the movie, but leaving the theater, I really regretted wasting 2 hours of my life sitting in this lukewarm production. The "stories" are almost completely forgettable, except for the fact that most of them were horrible. What does Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara have to do with Paris? The endless parade of American actors definitely gave this French film a remarkably non-French feeling. The clichés about Paris were endless. Yes, most of them were playing with clichés about Paris, but for spending so much time mocking French cliches, they directly and, unfortunately, promoted them once again. Yes, Paris is the city of love. We understand. <br /> <br /> The worst segments were: directed by Wes Craven (Oscar Wilde); the one with Nick Nolte; the mimicry (the worst?); hair products; the one with Juliette Binoche (Willem Dafoe as a cowboy in the middle of Paris?); the vampire (When I think of Paris, I think of Elijah Wood). The one with Natalie Portman, who really looked like a Mentos commercial and was stupid. (The young blind man must have known that Portman was only a part of her when she called him.) And so it was. It seemed endless. <br /> I also did not like Coen Bros. He really plays with these Parisian cliches, but I did not find it funny. Just annoying. The Gus Van Sant was interesting, but it was so light (and the timeline was obvious) it barely registered. <br /> <br /> There were only two "successful" segments and they were the one about the immigrant nanny who leaves her baby in a kindergarten just to take care of a baby for a rich woman. Nice irony there. And the segment about the African who is stabbed. It is the best segment of the entire film, but this segment has nothing to do with Paris. The story could have happened in any city in the world. The last segment, the one with the chubby middle-aged woman, was also interesting, but the underlying tone was bad. They wanted to celebrate their limited understanding of French, but the segment was considered condescending. <br /> <br /> The whole project seemed forced and uninspired. Almost like the French government sponsored this film to promote tourism. All in all, with only about 10 to 15 minutes of interesting things, "Paris Je T'Aime" was a horrible cinematic experience.
