On the surface, this film seems to deal with the psychological process called individuation, which is how to become a true self, embracing the so-called "dark side" of human nature. Thus we have the Darkling, a somber classical demonic creature desperately seeking the companionship (that is, the recognition) of men, and the story revolves around the various ways in which this need is treated with more or less success. <br /> <br /> However, if we dig a little further, we find that what this movie really means is how you should relate to your car like you would with anyone else: - in the opening scene, the the main character (male automobile mechanic fallen in disrepair) is collecting pieces of cars wrecked with his daughter, when a car crash almost crushes the little girl. Lesson # 1: Cars are people incarnated with immortal souls, and robbing of carriages is identical to stealing tombs. The wicked have troubled the dead and must be punished. - shortly after that, another character (Rubin) buys a car accident with the intention of repairing it and selling it as a famous racing car, once lost and now found, and is warned by the seller. Lesson # 2: Like any other person, a car has a unique identity that can not be changed or replaced. In addition, there is the twist that Rubin actually sees a hidden quality in what most people would think of as rubbish, but eventually that quality turns out to be a projection of Rubin's personal greed for more profit. Lesson 3: You will never treat your car as a medium alone, but always as an end in itself. - then we have the scene in which the main character is introduced to Rubin and, most importantly, to Rubin's car: The evaluation of the main character of the qualities of the car is based not only on his external appearance but also on a complete view within the Machine room. Lesson # 4: A car is not only to be judged by its appearance, it's what's inside that really counts. There is punishment reserved for those who do not keep this lesson in mind, as we see in the scene in which another man tries to sell Rubin a fake collector's car. This scene, by the way, also stresses the importance of lesson # 3. There are numerous other examples in the movie about the 'car = person', and I'm too tired to bother to quote all of them, but the point remains (and I think that's what I'm really trying to say that this movie is fun to watch if you have absolutely nothing to do - or if you're a car devotee.
