Darkling was a very interesting and entertaining film while F. Murray Abraham was in it. Spoilers: More or less in the middle, F. Murray is hit because The Darkling is a kind of demonic creature that likes to live indirectly. He catches hobos and losers and perverts them even more, giving them everything they want in terms of success. He feeds on the pleasure of the Seven Deadly Sins. However, part of this is that it needs to lead people who may have flaws, but they are not completely over. Otherwise, he can not "pervert" his natural goodness. That's what the little boy said in his voice of Barry White, which I found charming and amusing. Mostly fun. As Barry White imagined if he were a dwarf and he was telling Aiden Gillen: "Dee Plane, Dee Plane, Bos, Here it is, Dee Plane!" Throughout the film, Dee Dwarf (actually a robotronical cherub) talks to Aiden Gillen in Barry White's voice, saying things like "it's okay to be bad, you know you want to." "Now you've committed murder, you're really rising in the world" and other comments sounding like commercials to "Being Evil" Stores or something. It's really hilarious in a sick way. <br /> <br /> Anyway, Aiden Gillen is not F. Murray Abraham, and the movie tanks as soon as Murray picks up the ax (or stabbed him?). F. Murray brings a certain malevolence to his role in this film. He is a good actor. Aiden Gillen, on the other hand, has a happy smile standing on his face, and it looks like he might be his English Comp. The class had never hit the Mythological Characters and he could not imagine what the movie was. The ending is really scary and yet almost comical. If this movie were a parody, the ending was perfect. If it was not a parody then it was creepy; but a cheap use of a little girl to deliver a rudeness that the film itself could not offer. The people who made this movie lost everything they wanted to do with it somewhere before the end. It just ends as they just realized that they had run out of money and had to film a quick end.
