Near the final stages of Baby Mama, one of the central characters continues to describe the basic scheme of everything that came before and sums up "everything was just a mess"; I really could not say better than that. And although the feature has its rare ray of hope from time to time, the vast majority of those present are very castrated to be considered relevant and not to be worth noting to be worth to anyone. A mediocre cast, a mundane script and vague cartoons ensure that Baby Mama is certainly not overworking the old lady, but she never makes up for it with her proposed sense of humor. Consisting mainly of very routine cliches jokes based on a strange couple (rich and poor) trying to live with each other as they prepare to bring a baby to the world, the film is too esoteric to provide laughs outside its demographic group. <br /> <br /> As a story about finding love, it's not so bad, but interpreting this plot as a kind of parallel story to work alongside the strange tangent comedy oriented comedy, the characterization is remarkably weak , resulting in a lukewarm romance that never bubbles. Like the characters themselves, both central figures are slightly amused when placed together in small spaces, but when left alone they quickly unwind and uncover their emptiness; So while we may eventually find the character's interactions with each other, sometimes amusing, comedy never goes beyond distant laughter; we do not feel for the characters and we do not find them inherently interesting, but their dynamics. Unfortunately, however, although this dynamic works better, or at least better than individual personas, as mentioned above, it rarely originates outside the typical limits of the odd-pair formula. Kate (Tina Fey) is a successful business woman who hired working class Angie (Amy Poehler) to be her unlikely substitute, and after Angie decides to leave her hopeless husband Carl (Dax Shepard), both eventually learn to live together despite obvious differences. Yes, it's the typical premise of the bizarre couple, and one we've already seen in What Happens in Vegas, but what Baby Mama does not have that the movie has is chemistry between artists and half-layer characters. Kate and Angie fail to show much of a personality outside their two-dimensional contours and as such, both artists are neglected to play roles that require chemistry to produce from scratch. In fact, the only performance and character of the film comes from the underutilized talent of Romany Malco, who gets in the way of playing a doorman. Of the few times I laughed during Baby Mama, most of these moments were because of this man, and the rest usually fell to Shepard. <br /> <br /> It is rare to find a movie that incorporates your movies. The script themes in the way your world is filmed and presented to us through the camera, and yet director Michael McCullers goes from page to page in an effective way. However, for a movie about babies, multi-million dollar deals and cultural stereotypes, this is not necessarily a good thing. Baby Mama is a city of plastic tinsel, grade A, with capital and covered with sugar. So, not only did I feel emotionally distant from the characters because of their two-dimensional nature, but I simply did not care about the world they inhabited. The dialogue, along with scenarios, costumes and the general themes of the script, are painted in pastel blue and pink, so that all the tones of humanity are lost in the director's incessant need to make his film look like a castrated fantasy; these are not characters and this is not our world in any way? so why should I care? At the end of the day, however, the ultimate measure of success or failure of a romantic comedy comes down to purely its chemistry between its love interests and the frequency of its laughter; Baby Mama has little happening in any of these departments. Of course, saying that the movie has no value would be unfair. I'm sure the female audience on a boat similar to the main character Kate may have a slight kick in the process, but anyone else will probably feel numb and probably bored. In this respect, Baby Mama avoids being unbearable, but never convinces to be something remarkable or worthy of being seen by someone outside his immediate audience; a comic asshole and a romantic incompatibility, Baby Mama is too dizzy to be interesting and too shallow to be entertaining. <br /> <br /> - A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
