** SPOILERS *** Slowly as molasses molasses film involving this atonement in the Valley of the Kings, Egypt, which has to be aborted, in order to keep the native population, who at the time revolted against British rule, to find out about it Given the task of arriving at this archaeological dig by his top British captain Storm, Mark Dana, along with a couple of British soldiers and Mrs. Sylvia Quentin, Diane Brewster, the wife of the head man in the excavation Robert Quentin, George N. Neise, makes his way to the mummy's tomb unearthed. On the way, Captain Storm Sylvia and her men meet Simira, Ziva Rodann. Simira seems to be superhuman in her ability to withstand the rigors of desert life, she does not drink water or get tired, but she also knows exactly what Storm & Co. Command is looking for and warns him and his group to remain the as far as possible from the excavation, the tomb Ra Ha Tet of Pharaoh. In Ra Ha Tet's funeral chamber, Robert Quentin and his team of archaeologists, together with his brother Simira, Simira's brother Numar, Alvaro Guillot, have already opened their tomb before Capt. Storm could arrive even them. Quentin raped the body of Ra Ha Tet while doing the dr. Farrady, Guy Prescott, cut his bandages. This action on the part of Robert and Dr. Farrady has weak Numar dead in his tracks. It was later discovered that Numar was somehow possessed by the spirit or soul of Ra Ha Tet, who took over the body and made him grow old, at a rate of 500 years per hour, becoming a mummy of 3,000 years of age. <br /> The film has Numar dressed in what looks like a pajamas slipping around the tomb of Ra Ha Tet and his surroundings attacking and sucking the blood to survive, as a vampire, from any man or animal he comes in contact with . This adventure of sucking blood for Numar, with him then losing his right arm, continues for some time until Quentin now crazed trying to find the entrance, you actually thought he had already found her, to the tomb of Ra Ha Tet. We learned at the end of the film that Numar, to no one's surprise, is actually Ra Ha Tet reincarnated in another, about 3,000 years later, person or life. The sister of Numar, the mysterious and sexy Simira is not only the sister of Ra Ha Tet, since he and Numar are really one and the same person, but also the Egyptian Babia Cat Goddess Babesti! It's also not that hard to figure out. With Numar / Ra Ha Tet back in his grave and all the deaths due to the Pharaoh's Curse, now in a close Captain Storm Sylvia and all that remains of his men and the archaeological expedition of the deceased Robert Quentin travel back to Cairo and to modern civilization in 1902. The survivors of Pharaoh Ra Ha Tet Curse keep what they found, and unearthed, just for themselves, since no one would believe them.
