I'm beginning to think there's a conspiracy, okay, one that involves a bang for the buck paid to those who have access to columns posted in newspapers and film and art magazines to ensure that this or that movie, despite its obscurity, reaches a higher status through a point of audience that will mark it with a "universal acclaim" or something within that range, ensuring that innocent people (like me) enter the theaters or rent the bloody thing, waiting for a surprise, just to see me running to the bathroom for the upchuck. <br /> <br /> This movie is one of them. This definitely makes me ignore any and every posted article that I have seen because it is quite clear that two things may have happened: either I did not understand the message that is so hidden under the inner realms of this movie as being impossible to access, or they are I watched two completely different films that share the same name. 4 is a dirty trick for the public. No wonder it appeared and disappeared faster than you could say "smorsgabord" and that, despite the Metacritic rating, no one had heard of it. It's terrible with the sugar on top. <br /> <br /> First of all, there is the ever present number four from beginning to end. Although it has a small symbolism here and there, that's fine, and it's been done with varying degrees of success in many well-known movies, this movie is out of breath with that. Four dogs at the beginning of the film, looking at the camera in an empty street, when suddenly, the machine falls in the foreground and begins to open the asphalt. Four people in a bar, although one of them is a non-entity. Three of them follow separate ways, but they are connected not only to one another but to what their lives are not. While this concept may work, the film snakes so much - particularly with the story of the pretense model played by Marina Vovchenko, who enters the territory of the extremely bizarre, and not in a good way - that the initial theme begins. lost in translation. Or maybe, like I said before, I just "did not get it". The problem is also how much time is spent in Marina's story (which turns on her sister's death, from the chewing of the bread, not less, and the subsequent strident mourning that ensues) that any interest in inherent Surrealism dissipates without a trace. So what if the same horrible tales that the three strangers trade in a bar seem to have a truth of their own? The director does not invest much time to actually tie them up, or to weave a more contained story that could, in a David Lynch way, intersect with the past-present, or within alternative dimensions, or even as a simple and mundane science . fiction story. This is a difficult battle against an impassable wall that only a saint (or stranger because of the stranger) could bear.
