I saw the movie at the Belgrade Film Festival last week, and I'm still working on the trauma. Essentially, my opinion seems to coincide with a number of others - the first half hour was fresh, sharp, deep, fun and promising. Well done, too. Natural. My problem, however, is not simply the fact that the last hour and a half of the movie has nothing to do with the pleasant beginning, nor the fact of spending most of that time convulsing in agony with industrial sounds looking at the drunken witches , toothless and full of bread. It's a bit of the fact that they never warned me !!! The synopsis of the festival pamphlet described only the first half hour - a prostitute, piano tuner, and meat seller talking in a bar, pretending to be an advertising agent, genetic engineer, and government administration official, respectively - mention whatever the endless chewing gum that will come. It serves me right not to read the comments, you can tell - but for my defense, a number of comments I've looked at post-fact one does not at all stress the sheer immensity and utter unbearability of most of the film. The first tip should have been the introductory words of the director (a shy and disheveled Russian young man) who stepped in front of the overcrowded auditorium (the movie seems to be going very well critically, and tickets have been made). sold out well before the performance, though most of the audience seemed as unconscious as I was of the pain that would come, judging by the multitude of supernatural groans and groans that had completely permeated the theater for the last half hour, and many exasperated comments. in the output) to say the following: 'Well, I ... um, thank you very much for coming to see this movie, and I just wanted to say ... well, it's a very long film ... it took me four years to do it, and ... it's ... I suggest you look at it and immediately try to forget it. It's too long. Thanks for coming. This is what he said. The alarm bells should be ringing. "What is he talking about?" I thought of happy confusion. 'This is going to be fun!' Of course, when his strangely apologetic remarks began to make sense to me, it was too late to leave. All I could do was squirm in growing agony until the lights came on again. And in the end I can not say that I feel better in some way by experience. Yes, I loved the first half hour. He was smart, new and had a lot to say. And yes, Russia is probably in a bad state. Yes, every society has many hidden faces. Yes, toothless life in arid lands is probably unimaginably difficult. Yes Yes Yes. I understand all of this. I really do. But I see no earthly reason why art and meaning should be so agonizingly prolonged and so painful to bear. If you want to see a movie land somewhere between the extremes of Hollywood's fantastic plastic and hours filled with muddy vodka, try the Korean-Chinese Bin-Jip (3-Iron). It is artistic and amazing, but also to the point and fun.
