Who could have wished for a sequel to Bert I. Gordon's legendary junk, "Food of the Gods"? No one, of course, but director Damien Lee thought it was a good idea, and he set up a late sequel that stands out as one of the most redundant films in the history of terror. "Gnaw" is a sequel only in the name, as the setting has changed to a typical 80's location (a university campus) and the cheap and brutal effects also perfectly illustrate the 1980s. This script is accompanied by clichés, terribly written dialogues and plot situations that are not so subtly stolen from other (and more successful) horror classics. Neil Hamilton is a scientist who performs growing experiments with common rodents in order to do a favor to a fellow scientist. Due to some incredibly stupid animal rights activists, huge, ravenous rats escape and devour practically everyone on campus. Following the good old tradition that Spielberg's "Shark" began, there is a detestable Dean who refuses to admit the problem, even if mutilated bodies are popping up everywhere. During a hysterically grotesque climax, the rats invade the opening ceremony of the new campus sports complex! "Gnaw: Food of the Gods 2" is very bad and therefore very fun to watch! The characters do and say unimaginably stupid things (like descending into the unarmed sewers while they KNOW that they are infested with mice), the acting is atrocious and there is a genuinely bizarre sequence involving the hero having sex under the influence of the growth serum! I wonder what would be Freud's theory about it! Is there a satisfactory amount of gore and sleaze and ?? It had to be said ?? the music is surprisingly atmospheric. In case you do not get tired of this junk, there are many features of spinning creatures in mutant rats, such as the movie "Rats: Night of Terror," the modest 70s cult film "Willard." Lame Sequel "Ben" remake of "Willard" from 2003 starring Crispin Glover and the surprisingly good recent films from famous directors, Tibor Ticaks ("Rats") and John Lafia ("The Rats"). To freak out!
