MABEL AT THE WHEEL is one of those movies with a backstage story that is more interesting than the movie itself. This was Chaplin's tenth comedy for Keystone during his year of learning, and his first two-roll. Here he played one of his last villain roles (although the feature film TILLIE'S PUNCTURED ROMANCE was yet to come), and it also marked one of the last few times that he would work for a director other than himself. In fact, Chaplin's conflicts with director and co-star Mabel Normand almost made him fired from the studio. Chaplin did not get along well with his previous directors, Henry Lehrman and George Nichols, but according to his autobiography having to take the direction of a mere "girl" was the last straw. Charlie and Mabel argued bitterly during the production of this film. Chaplin was still a newcomer to Keystone and his colleagues did not know what to do with him, but everyone loved Mabel. Producer Mack Sennett was on the verge of firing Chaplin when he learned that the newcomer's films were being released and exhibitors wanted more of them as fast as possible, so Chaplin was promised the chance to go in exchange for finishing this film. The way Mabel wanted. Unfortunately, none of these dramas are visible on screen in MABEL AT THE WHEEL, which looks like the typical chaos of Keystone. The story concerns a car race in which Mabel's boyfriend (Harry McCoy) is scheduled to compete, but the wicked Charlie and his henchmen kidnap the boy, and Mabel must take the wheel instead. For all the races around, brick throwing and biting the fingers of the film is downright short on laughter, but there are some points of interest. There is good cinematography and editing following the race, although there is really no joke, just a lot of frantic activity. Chaplin himself looks strange, sporting a goat's chin on his chin and wearing the top hat he wore in his first movie appearance, "Make a living," but the outfit matches the old-fashioned villainy he displays everywhere. At least it is novelty to see him play such an uncharacteristic role. Visible in the bleachers of the racetrack are Keystone fighters such as Chester Conklin, Edgar Kennedy, in a strangely dandified performance, and a more characteristic Mack Sennett, spitting tobacco and doing his usual routine routine. As an interpreter, Sennett was as subtle as the movies he produced, but you have to give credit to the guy: he knew what people liked. These movies were very popular in their day. Mack's performance does not add much to MABEL ON WHEEL, but he probably had to be on hand to shoot it to make sure his stars did not kill themselves.
