After reading carefully the great amount of comments on this film, it is clear that there are two types of science fiction moviegoers. There are those who are well read, extremely literate and intelligent. They know the history of the genre and, more importantly, know how high they can get in the hands of a talented author. For many years, science fiction languished in the hold of literature. Considered my most critical to be little more than stories of lightning and alien weapons intended for pre-pubescent teens. Today's well-read fans know this story well and meet the great writers Asimov, Heinlein, Bradbury and Ellison who helped bring science fiction out of this hold. In so doing, they created intelligent provocative stories that stretched the boundaries and redefined the human condition. These well-informed fans are critical of anything Hollywood plays in them. They are not critical by themselves, but look at each offer with a skeptical look. (As they should, the Hollywood record was less than stellar.) For these fans, history must have supreme importance. They can not be fooled by flashy computer graphics and non-stop action sequences. When the emperor has no clothes, they shout louder. <br /> <br /> The second type of science fiction videographer has little knowledge about the written aspect of the genre. (See many of the comments above that say "Well, I have not read the book or anything of this author ...") His full exposure to science fiction is from films or from the science fiction channel.they are extremely uncritical, unwilling to overlook. of huge plot, weak premises and fine story lines if they are given a healthy dose of wiz bang action and fearful special effects. They are, in fact, willing to turn off their critical thinking skills (or maybe they never had they!) As long as the film lasts, in this case, I robot, although supposedly based on the tales of Asimov and baptized with the name of one of his novels, it contains little of what Asimov wrote and even less of what he tried to tell us about (Those of you who are going to run and buy me, Robot will be very surprised - this movie is not even based on this story!) <br /> <br /> The movie has huge holes, ue in some points are stretched to the limits of credulity, I will not indicate them. in the spoon do not feed you. You need to practice your reasoning skills and discover them for yourself. The characters, who are named after many of Asimov's characters, lack the critical intelligence that was characteristic of their stories. The plot itself with all its action sequences goes against all that the author represented. Their belief that humanity has the ability to solve problems using their minds, not their fists, is vital to understanding their vision of the future. In short, besides the name, it is very little of Isaac in anything about this movie. There will always be those without criticism (that is, without thinking) who will state, "The film does not have to be like the book. Due to the medium, movies sometimes require changes to be made." But how about a case where the movie never tried to get close to the book (or books) from the beginning? What if all they took away from the written work was the title? That raises the question: why tarnish a great deal of work by slapping your title in its empty crap? Save money and do not buy the rights to the works. Title of something else. Do not use the names of the characters. Believe me, no one will accuse you of plagiarism. In fact, it does not matter what the title is for the unread viewer who accepts whatever you throw at him. But this will disturb those who read, who think, who are not willing to simply let you give them a beautiful show of lights. <br /> <br /> I, Robot, like much of the Hollywood genre, pushes science fiction back into the basement it lived years ago. Hollywood could not do it alone. It takes a foolish and foolish audience who will accept a childlike dredge like that.
