Yes, Kazaam is one of those terribly bad movies that almost remembers all that is wrong not just with children's films, but with humanity. Here we have Shaq as a rap genius - yes, a RAPPING genius - where he does everything from making bad puns to dressing up in ridiculous clothes, all ending up in a Christ pose with lots of light around him. So yeah, expect really fancy pieces, including the first desire to be a bunch of junk food falling from the sky (and, regrettably, do not bring down the two main characters, particularly the boy). What may not be expected is that a movie with a child and Shaquille O'Neill would be so incredibly obscure! The main plot of the film involves this kid, played in the typical infantile fashion and annoying by the great grandson of Frank Capra (where the boy is shouting his dialogue with anger), that is faced with a genius who was trapped in a sound box. So "hiarity sucues" as the boy makes the genius-Shaq his quasi-slave, while he waits in his last two wishes while he tries to make amends with his absent father of the shady-gang type. <br /> <br /> The story of the sentimental and artificial father and son would be bad enough, as there are certain lines that have been spoken in a million other films (ie the "two chances in life" speech father to son). But it's Shaquille O'Neill, who is both the reason to watch the movie (ironically), and the obvious crux of it all. His plot engulfs him, when he is not receiving the super-talky treatment of Capra, rap within the dialogue and also start his booming recording career. In addition, he also gives a beating and takes names with the main bandits who want him back in the sound box. So, is there a camp factor for the movie? To some extent, but this is still crushed by all the mushy scenes and 'heart-felt' moments that really have no business with the rest of the material. One might wonder if the people who made the film, who were obviously doing so at the request of the popularity of a BASKETBALL player who wanted to get into the acting movement of Michael Jordan, whether it would be anywhere near entertainment or convincing decent. I hope they also know they are getting paid. But I expect even more that they feel at least a little guilty for feeding the Shaq machine. <br /> <br /> So, if you want to have a fun night of Shaq like genie-made-rapper-made-wisecracker, more fun for you. Hell, it may even be interesting to have a Shaq movie night with this and his other critically acclaimed work, Steel. But if you're hoping to keep some brain cells, stay away from what is probably the worst movie of 1996, and one of many candidates for the worst of the 1990s.
