Reviewing KAZAAM and saying it's a bad movie is not at all difficult - after all, critics of the time fell on themselves by beating this movie - saying it was among the worst movies of the decade! So the fact that I say it's bad or anyone else says it's bad is certainly no surprise. It's like someone is talking about World War II - hardly anyone says it was a good thing, right?! The question I have and no place in IMDb can answer is "why did they do this in the first place?!". After all, it is obvious to anyone who is not seriously injured in the brain that the film would be horrible. But films such as ED (a baseball playing chimpanzee), COOL AS ICE (starring the ever-popular Vanilla Ice), TROLL 2 (which does not even have trolls in it), BABY GENIUSES (babies of superheroes like Einstain), and Pinocchio in the outer space (huh!?!) Proves that any idea, however stupid, can reach the big screen! So the idea of ​​the best basketball player of the time starring as a genius to an obnoxious brat seems absolutely "normal"! <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a boy who is very shaking the closets in the hallway of the school. Like FREE WILLY's punk, this kid is somehow "misunderstood" (in other words, a total brat) and you know that no matter how selfish and horrible he is, by the end of the movie he will have learned something and grown up. Only once, I want to see a punk boy like this end up in jail or dead by the end of the movie! Eventually, while the neighborhood bullies are in the middle of an attack, genius Kazaam (Shaquille O'Neal) is accidentally released and insists on giving the brat three wishes. But, the boy does not believe in him. And the magic of genius seems a bit rusty. <br /> <br /> Eventually, the brat realizes that Kazaam is real. However, unlike most children, he denies his wishes, meanwhile, Kazaam is forced to follow him everywhere - as his own personal servant. And, according to the cliché, you know that by the end of the movie, Max and Kazaam will have become lifelong friends and a lot of tears will be shed. Oh, and Max will have accepted the absent father and mother fiancé (I'll choke). Apparently, this genius is a bit of a social worker, besides being a great desire. <br /> <br /> As for Kazaam, Shaquille speaks in rhyme for much of the movie and even pauses in rap ... too bad. I'm a middle-aged white guy and I think I could probably rap, at least as well! He's an incredible basketball player and I heard he's a cool guy - but a rapper ... no way! As for his acting, he was not great, but he had such a good personality in the film that it's hard to hate him - even though he's done a lot of stupid things. <br /> <br /> So the movie is as horribly as you've probably heard it? in the first two-thirds of the movie, I would have said no. Shaquille seemed to try his best with a nasty kid and a bad script. However, later in the movie, evil becomes horrible - as Kazaam seems very concerned about himself to help the kid when he is really needed. And, out of nowhere, the plot is very, very strange - like the guy who wants to make Kazaam a rap star (?!?!) Turns out to be an evil mobster! And strangely, this guy seems to accept that Kazaam is a genius without hesitation! <br /> <br /> In addition, the last part of the movie consists of people trying to kill Max and his father. I know the kid was boring, but this is to be a kid's movie !! What part of "trying to kill the child" did the writers not understand?!? So, in an ending that makes this perhaps the worst children's movie ending in history, Kazaam becomes god or something and all this was like a drug-induced hallucination! This ending was even dumber and stranger than THE BLACK HOLE ... and dude, it made my brain hurt !! Uggghh - the horrible dialogue was too much to bear !!! <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a terrible movie that is mainly due to writers who were insanely insane. Yes, folks, with a confusing message, bizarre and unfriendly material to kids and horrible characters, this is an unfortunate movie. Unfortunately, given the idea and the actors, it's hard to imagine the end product becoming much worse! <br /> <br /> By the way, if you want to see a Genie in a modern world movie that is GOOD, try the Brits made for the TV movie "Bernard and the Genie" - a charming and exceptionally well written film from the beginning to the end.
