This 1996 film was the first adaptation of Jane Eyre I've ever seen and when I did that I was shocked by it. Much of the novel had been set aside, and I considered William Hurt terribly mischievous as Rochester. Since then I have noticed all the other noteworthy adaptations of the novel, the three short versions of '44, '70 and '97 and the three miniseries of '73, '83 and 2006, and I noticed that there are worse adaptations and worse, Rochesters . <br /> <br /> This is undoubtedly the most exquisite adaptation of Jane Eyre with regard to cinematography. Director Franco Zerifferelli revels in beautiful snowfalls falling from the winter sky, the lonely Rochester standing on a rock and Jane looking out the window - but he is less good at telling a story and bringing the characters to life. In addition, his script only scratches the surface of the novel, leaving out many important scenes. As a result, the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester, and unfortunately, it also does not include the humorous side of their sexual relationship. There are a series of short conversations between Rochester and Jane, each beautifully staged, but the pair of phrases they exchange is not enough to show the audience that they are attracted to each other. We know they must fall in love, but we never see this really happening. The scene in which Rochester wants to discover Jane's reaction to her dilemma, putting her case in hypothetical form before her after the wounded mage left the house is completely absent, and the farewell scene, the most important scene - the climax - of the romance is reduced to four sentences. Zerifferelli does not make the mistake that other writers made when replacing his own poor writing with Brontë's superb lines, nor are crucial scenes completely changed and rewritten, but he makes the less offensive, but in the end similarly big mistake of simply leaving many important scenes out . What remains is only a glimpse of the novel, which does not do justice to Charlotte Brontë's masterpiece. <br /> <br /> The cast is a mix: while Fiona Shaw is a great Mrs. Reed, Anna Paquin's young Jane is more of a Rogue, pats Lolita than a lonely girl, yearning for love . The always trustworthy Joan Plowright makes a very friendly, but very insightful, Mrs. Fairfaix, and one can not help but feel that Billie Whitelaw must play the village witch instead of Grace Poole, a simple, hard-working person. Charlotte Gainsbourgh as the adult heroine, however, is physically a perfect choice to play Jane Eyre. Looking as thin as 18, thin and brittle, with uneven and strong features, she gets closer to my inner vision of Jane than any other actress in that role. And for the first 15 minutes of her onscreen time, I was blown away by her performance. Gainsbourgh manages well to allow the public to guess the inner fire and strong will that is hidden behind the stoic mask. But unfortunately the script never allows her to expand the more passionate and animated side of Jane's character. As a result of leaving out so many scenes and shortening both dialogues, Jane's interpretation of Gainsbourgh must necessarily remain incomplete and therefore unsatisfactory. That's a pity, since with a better script, Charlotte Gainsbourgh may have been a Jane as good as Zelah Clarke in the 83 version. But while it's still obvious that Gainsbourgh is trying to play Jane, there is no trace of Rochester in the character that William Hurt portrays. Hurt, who proved to be an excellent actor in many good movies, must have realized that he was physically and half-wise so badly that he did not even try to play Rochester's novel. His Rochester, besides being blond and blue-eyed, is a gentlemanly and well-mannered nobleman, timid and quiet, slightly odd and eccentric, but basically of good nature and kind. He is so far from being irascible, moody and dark that the lines relating to these traits of his character sound absolutely ridiculous. In addition, during many moments of the film, Hurt's facial expression leaves the person wondering if he is fighting acute attacks of sleeping sickness. Particularly in the scenario of the proposal, he grimaces like a patient recovering from a general anesthesia and can hardly keep his eyes open. If you compare your Rochester with the protagonist of the novel, simply exploding with energy and temperament, it's no wonder that many viewers are disappointed by Hurt's performance. Still, he offends me less than Rochesters in the 70, 97, and 2006 versions, and I would rate this Jane Eyre as superior to those three others. Hurt obviously had the good sense to recognize that he could not be the Rochester of the novel and therefore did not attempt to do so while George C. Scott, Ciaràn Hinds and Toby Stephens thought they could, but failed miserably, and I prefer to see a character different from Rochester than a Rochester misinterpreted. And I'd rather watch a Jane Eyre movie, which leaves out many lines of the novel, but does not invent new ones than a version that uses modernized dialogues that sound as if they could be uttered by a couple today at a Starbucks coffee shop. Of course Jane Eyre is a failure, but at least she is harmless, which is more than can be said of the adaptations of 1997 and 2006. So I do not give up anyone to watch this adaptation: you will not find Jane Eyre, but at least you'll find a beautifully made movie.
