... and you can look at that statement in different ways, by the way. First of all, it's a mess because of all the horrible and extremely violent scenes. Your wildest imagination does not even come close to some of the scenes explicitly shown here. Whole parts of this movie are simply sick, disgusting, offensive, brutal and bring you close to vomiting your guts. Now, I love horror movies and I'm very pro-violence, but I think this must lead somewhere !! Is that too much to ask ? The Cradle of Fear is just a series of completely sick and twisted thoughts. The "film" contains four separate chapters connected by an engaging story. This results in endless display of torture, murder and disease only to find that the victims have something in common. Not very informative, if you ask me. And yet - it has to be said - the basic idea of ​​the plot certainly has potential. It is about a cannibalistic hypnotist who made a deal with the devil himself to take revenge and cause misery and death to all who were involved in his judgment. Personally, I think it's an interesting topic, so they should have focused on it a bit more instead of wanting to create the most disgusting movie of all. <br /> <br /> Second, the whole production of this movie was a mess. . They did not have much budget and they spent everything in fake blood and guts ... Tons of it !! Performance performances are a joke and some of the worst I have ever seen. Any other special effects other than makeup look very amateurish (like that attempt at a realistic car accident, for example). There is no tension or atmosphere to detect anywhere ... not even an attempt to build one. <br /> <br /> The Cradle of Fear is a failure and a missed opportunity to say the least. With the presence of the death metal icon Danni Filth (from the band Cradle of Filth..get the link?) This film is obviously intended only for the eyes of twisted teenagers who try to be controversial. Troubled girls and boys who take pleasure in worrying about their parents watching the crap like that. And then people keep complaining that the amount of suicide and juvenile delinquency is increasing ... Bah. I can imagine that this movie can cause a lot of damage when you are easily influenced or get rid of an unstable mind. For every horror fan who takes pride, this movie is an insult.
