Was anyone who was making this film, particularly the director, spared a thought for the logic of the story? These are not mere plot holes, but plot in graves, which become deeper and deeper as we lose any sympathy for the main character and his situation. That is, if you are gentle enough to boldly ignore the fact that in most of the film the characters are either conspiracy servants, or boring and unpleasant. Or, in the case of the characters of Downey and Hannah, seemingly superfluous. Thinking about the existence of Downey's significant screen time in the movie, I decided that either the director liked his character and unnecessarily increased his screen time (unlikely, since the director did not change anything about the script really needed) or that his character would be sacrificed on the altar of bad plot. I'll let you guess which one it would be. <br /> <br /> I had to keep checking the DVD cover to confirm that this was actually done by credible talents. I can not understand why Robert Altman would accept this work. Surely he has some power to choose and choose. In fact, I can not understand why anyone would use this script, other than a first-time director looking for experience. <br /> <br /> I suppose Robert Downey Jr. needed the money for his habit. I suppose Kenneth Branagh wanted to try a Southern accent. I suppose Robert Duvall only received a few pages of the script and thought the paper in isolation seemed intriguing. These are the only motivations I can see that would coerce the good actors into taking roles in that film. As for Robert Altman, many efforts were made to make the film look fantastic. I caught myself noticing how he had framed such and such a scene, or I used the light orange vests in another scene to draw eye movements, or imposed a beautiful filter to create a particular mood. I usually do not notice these things in the movies, since most of the movies I care about watching until the end really engages me because of good stories and interesting characters with understandable motives. I watched it all the way just because some ridiculous element of optimism in me kept looking at the DVD cover and convincing me that because of the talent involved, there had to be some redeeming factor in this movie. <br /> <br /> Nice steering. But that's not why I watch movies.
