I had read many good things about this adaptation of my favorite novel ... so invariably my expectations were overwhelmed. But they were crushed more than they should be expected. The film would have been a decent movie if I had not read the novel beforehand, which might have ruined it for me. <br /> <br /> In any case, for some reason they moved the field of work in Toulon to a ship full of kitchen slaves. The scene at Bishop Myriel was fine. In fact, beyond the Welsh, things survived until Fantine's dismissal. Because we do not want bad things to happen to a good woman, she does not cut her hair, does not sell her teeth or prostitute herself. The worst thing she does is run to the mayor's office and spit in his face. Bamatabois is totally eliminated. Because having children out of wedlock should also not be mentioned, Tholomyes is Fantine's dead husband instead of an irresponsible dandy. Valjean is able to seek Cosette for Fantine before the Champmathieu affair, so they meet happily, plus a change. Then comes the convent, which is a very difficult scene to spoil. Fortunately, he was saved. After three minutes of accuracy, however, the film again begins to fall toward the Classic Novel Butchering. <br /> <br /> While Cosette and Valjean are walking through the park, they come across Marius giving a speech at a meeting. About prison reform. When he delivers pamphlets to Valjean and Cosette, he says the only line in the film that made me scream at the TV set. "We are not revolutionaries." I could hear Victor Hugo struggling in his grave. Of course they are revolutionaries! They want to revolt against the pseudo-monarchy that is in force in favor of another republic, their stupid writers! It is a historical fact that there was an insurrection against the government in 1832. At one point, Cosette is going to give Marius a donation from his father to the reform movement and he knows Eponine. Except ... not Eponine. Or at least not the eponine of the book. This Eponine seems to be a successful employee working for the prison reformers (who are working out of the Universal Cafe as opposed to Cafe Musain). Not to mention that the public is already made to dislike it, thanks to its dress not fair, low-cut, low-cut and its arrogant mannerisms. <br /> <br /> The prison reformers (led by the weaker Enjolras) that I've seen) decide that handing out leaflets is no longer enough. Then they will build barricades. I do not know about you, but I've never heard of reform movements destroying the streets and building barricades and attacking government troops. About three hundred people (who should not be so many) start attacking the National Guard and building a lot of barricades, etc. Eponine dies for Marius, fortunately. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is a bit accurate, except that Javert's suicide again seems difficult to understand thanks to his tiny screen time and strange character interpretation. The film ends with Valjean watching Javert jump into the river. This is imprecise again because Valjean would never let Javert drown. He saved the man's life earlier, why let him die now? Then there is the whole leap from Valjean's confession to Marius, his deterioration and his redemption on his deathbed with Marius and Cosette at his side. In general, I can blame the script mainly for problems. Although I am happy that Enjolras and Eponine were at least present in the film, they were terribly misunderstood, as was the whole barricade scene. The elimination of Fantine's suffering prevents us from feeling very sorry for her. That Cosette knows that the past of Valjean from the beginning confuses a lot with the plot. I did not even see Thenardier and Mrs. Thenardier had only a few seconds of time on the screen. So it is with Gavroche. I really liked Frederick March's interpretation of Valchean, which was one of the redeeming features of the film. On the other hand, Charles Laughton, despite all his great acting in other films, seems to have lost his shot with Javert. His lip trembled, the unnecessary scream, and his acting in general, everything seemed very wrong. He too, like many Javerts I saw, did not seem threatening, something necessary to the character. <br /> <br /> Again, this movie would probably feel so much better if I had not read the book. I would not recommend this to book purists, however. I would also say that the film would have been a good adaptation for the time if the incredibly accurate French version had not been released the previous year.
