When I tell people I review movies as a hobby, the first thing they say is, "What do you think of such a movie?" There are some problems here. Firstly, there is the likely chance that I have not seen and thus ruin my reputation. Secondly, I could ruin the movie in question without realizing it's really their favorite. Lastly, I could receive DVDs to watch so they can judge my opinion. So I find myself sitting before "The Convent" which is the kind of movie that I would completely ignore given the choice but unable to avoid here. It's more pity because this horrible "horror" is as scary as a box of kittens. <br /> <br /> Following well-used cliches, "The Convent" focuses on a group of American students on a trip. to an abandoned convent on a mission to be stoned, lying down and slightly frightened. But you will never guess what happens next? A group of demonic cannibal nuns emerge from the cobwebs that pick children one by one in the classic tradition of horror films. Some of them will survive and more importantly, do not you have better things to worry about? The only thing that saves "The Convent" from being a total waste of time is the fact that no one is actually taking it seriously, except for Coolio's bizarre participation as a hyperactive cop with an irritating trigger. finger. It's too funny to be exactly scary - the zombie cheerleader who makes chipmunk noises for no reason, the paint jobs that appear when you become a zombie - but what really kills you like a horror is the fact that you can say instantly when someone is going to jump and be killed. But even if they were trying, I still doubt it would work - demonic nuns using the type of makeup you see on the TV show "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" are not that scary. The scariest thing about this movie is that more than 10% of the voters gave the maximum rating. I mean, I know it's funny, but I hardly split my sides. To be honest, I had more fun at a dentist. <br /> <br /> "The Convent" is not really a horror movie as such. It's more of a comedy horror like "Scary Movie" or "Shaun Of The Dead," but you're laughing at him instead of him. I honestly can not recommend this to anyone except the cast family and the team, but even so, I highly doubt they like it. I do not like the genre "so bad it's good" - I personally think that if the filmmakers can not be bothered to save a turkey, then I should not regret trying to see it. Yes, it's a bad movie and yes, they really should have gone home and done something more constructive. A Rubik's cube, for example. The DVD box has two price stickers - one for £ 4.99 and a reduced price of £ 3. But it was sold for £ 1 and this should tell you everything you need to know about this cheap, incredibly poxy movie bad. Sorry if you like, but "The Convent" really is a stack of profane crap.
