Bored Schlocky. Simply horrible and horrible. Let's be honest, when you sit down to watch something called The Double-D Avenger, you're not expecting great art or even moderate entertainment. You're probably expecting some kind of cult movie and maybe have a good look at some awesome busts. You can not really get any of those in the video. The story, as it is consistent with most of these types, is futile: Kitten Natividad runs a local pub, discovers she has breast cancer, flies to South America in search of a fruit that claims to be a panacea for any disease and a Super hero. Donors of human skills, returns and fights, dressed as the Double-D Avenger, a group from a local strip club who wants to outdo the competition. As the stories go, I've seen much worse, but as another reviewer noted the execution is horrible. The action sequences lack zip, drive, motivation and are as thin as fabric. The acting is not exactly fierce and the dialogue is the pits. Nothing, and I want to say NOTHING is funny from the strident puns to the references to heavy breasts. Everything could be forgiven if the girls could make up for it, but they are all too short. Kitten, Haji and Raven de la Croix are all much older (they are still adorable in their own ways), but they do not expose anything and become the antithesis of what they are trying to be: older and exaggerated caricatures of their former selves. Instead, they seem so weak and desperate - more because of the vehicle in which they are "starring" instead of their own abilities. There are some other lovely ladies, but you really do not see much. PG-13 could definitely be an appropriate classification for this. The material, the actresses and the director are tired, tired and dated - and again - IT'S NOT FUNNY! It was a brutal hour besides sitting through this, and this is a shame as I was expecting something exaggerated and fun. The guy playing Bubba, by the way, was the only real laugh for me. Not that he was good at everything, but every time he opened his mouth I kept thinking about how horrible he really was. The only good point here is to see Sci-fi himself, Forrest J. Ackerman, play the curator of a wax museum and talk to his waxed Frankenstein affectionately named Frankie. Also, this is a complete failure - now, how's that for another pun tired, terrible and treacherous!
