Watching the first 30 minutes of Sands of Oblivion gave me high hopes. It looked like I was in a cheaper version of the mummy. The setting was promising, in the 1920s Cecil B. Demille does his work on the Ten Commandments. It seems that when using real Egyptian artifacts for the set, they triggered an ancient and terrible evil (are not they always?). Aware of what had been unleashed, DeMille ordered the whole set buried rather than the usual practice of knocking him down. I hope evil is buried with it all the time. So we moved to the current day where a team is trying to dig the site (the first mistake of the movie, but hey these period costumes are expensive and this is a science fiction movie). The first sightings we received from the monster Anubis are well made and it is a fantasy that they put a little effort and not the usual CG effect. Then the body count begins. This is the movie went south to me. Reactions to the fact that people are dying in horrible and strange ways provoke an oddly moderate reaction. Once they realize that the old evil was again unleashed and is in a killing, what the question of the actions that lead the man and the lady to do? They make the usual stop for the "guy who knows the truth but never told anyone". After getting this vital information do they share with the comrades at the dig site? No, they stop at a hotel for a refreshing shower and a nice little chat. I really am not the most motivated person, but if I knew that a demon from ancient Egypt was on the loose and killing everyone in sight and would be coming after me, I would put a little trouble in solving the problem. After this endless and meaningless midway section, they end up destroying the monster Anubis in the usual way, running around in buggies and firing with a rocket launcher as he stands next to a pile of phosphorous grenades. For a science fiction movie, it was above the usual crap they put in, which does not mean much. What bothers me is that it could have been so much more if someone had written a decent script for it.
