I've never been a big fan of Mormon movies. Being a Mormon, I always felt that humor was too unique to the LDS community and made us look like a lot of obsessive madmen. I was hoping this was the breath of fresh air, the Halestorm movie that I could finally discuss with my non-Mormon friends. <br /> <br /> I was wrong. I thought, since I had talent for B-list like Clint Howard, Gary Coleman, Andrew Wilson and Fred Willard (one of my favorites), that would have to be at least a little funny. And in addition, church basketball is full of potential for many hilarious jokes and stuff like that. But I must say that throughout the movie, it seemed like no one knew what he was doing. All the jokes were weak, and every opportunity for a genuinely funny joke was ignored. The dialogue was bland, and the movie had one of the worst character developments I've ever seen. All the characters except Wilson's were less than one-dimensional. It's hard to believe that after nine rewrites the movie was still as numb as the train disaster I witnessed. I can not put into words the anger I felt when I went through it. My friends and I were extras in the final scene of the game, so we went to the premiere in Washington City, UT. Kurt Hale, the director, was there, and I must say, I avoided any contact with him after the show. He waited at the door, apparently ready for feedback. I could not tell him that his film not only took off a good hour and a half of my life but left a nasty and painful scar that I will never forget. <br /> <br /> Here are Some specific problems I had: There was a secondary sub-story of love between the janitor and the chubby pianist, but these two characters came out of nowhere and were impossible to worry about, so my friends and I wonder why they should worry about these two lame and uninteresting characters. There were many subplots that popped up every now and then, each promising the audience the chance to laugh, but each came and went like a cloud of smoke, ending before you could start caring. That was pretty much how the whole movie looked like. <br /> <br /> This movie was a big disappointment, and I feel bad for everyone who is waiting for the first REAL REAL Mormon movie. It's true that jokes are not too exclusive to Mormons. Then again, it's hard to tell what a joke was and what a ringing sensation in my ears was. <br /> <br /> Please do NOT watch this movie. Keep in mind the fantasy that this movie is hilarious. Spare my disappointment
