I am a film student and have been for several years. And the concept of a cybernetic, kung-fu, and satirical chimpanzee made me wonder, "Is this the movie that's going to break the mold?" Let's face it, America has never been disappointed by any movie that features a simian costar. After great classics like "Monkey Trouble" and "Dunston Checks In", I thought the best ideas had already been taken. But then comes "Funky Monkey". I laughed, I cried, I contemplated suicide. <br /> <br /> Now I read about demonic possession in the Bible, but that still does not explain why anyone would create such a product of evil. First, having at least a dash of intelligence, I realized that a chimp was actually a monkey, not a monkey. However, I was sure that the filmmakers would clarify this problem further in the film. They did not. Let me summarize this work of art: a company with the name Z.I.T. decided to train chimpanzees as soldiers. Because? I think they mention something about the soldiers who work for bananas, but when it would cost about $ 13 million in government money to train a chimpanzee, that does not seem to be a good value for money. Well anyway, Z.I.T. brings a CIA (Matthew Modine) expert to train Clemens (The Chimp). Clemens is everything Z.I.T. Hope. He can take an entire shift of guards, who seem to have acquired their training skills at the local mall, yet still manage to remind us that we are watching a children's movie. As you may have guessed, Modine discovers that the intentions of Z.I.T. can be bad (Gasp!) and decides to end Clemens. Being a CIA agent and all, Modine knows that the best way to make herself disappear is to go to a big city, rent a guest room, make regular television appearances while fighting crime and use checks to pay for everything. <br /> ZIT finds out where Modine is hosted and sends two of the best to retrieve it. These guards are possibly the biggest comedy team since Martin and Lewis, or was it Turner and Hooch? No matter, anyway, because in the end, for a twist, the good guys win !!! Yay! Hooray for predictability! Play a nerdy boy who learns to be himself, a lonely mother who needs a date, and music mounts featuring songs that would even be banned by Radio Disney and you will get "Funky Monkey." The climax of the movie? A football game! Played by bandits, bumblers, a chimp and the nerdy kid. No one seems to care about these substitutions in a football game. <br /> <br /> Funky Monkey never gives up! It is the limit of the entertainment of your seat. Some might even call this "American Beauty" feature full of monkeys. After finishing this epic, I remembered hearing a story about a railroad worker who lost much of his brain functions when a metal rod pierced his temporal lobe. Funky Monkey is a metal rod between movies.
