I watched this a few days ago so the details are getting foggy. The film is filmed in handheld cameras, and much was made of it at the time it was originally released, as we did not have many studio photos made that way. I can not help but feel that this was more of a gimmick than anything, designed to make the public think that what we are seeing on the screen did not have all the appointments that come with a big budget, and so it was more "real" "However, what we have here is not much more than a no-good rip of the first half of Full Metal Jacket, so anyone who has seen it, or any of the other robberies there, will know what to do. The problem I had was the stereotyped characters, with the fluffy, fluffy children out of their depth, harmony singing, Ebonics spouting black guys, world-weary sergeants, bitter and twisted psychopaths, etc. all being put into situations that Maybe it was intentional to highlight the stupidity and injustice of the situation, maybe it was laziness, or maybe it was just a committee trying to attract the biggest public. co, all I know is that it was annoying. What was new was the mix of volunteers and recruits (where normally all characters would have been forced into the situation), though only the scenes between the two main characters really made much difference. This seems to be the main pivot of the plot, with volunteers recapturing judgment and recruits gaining a sense of duty and self-esteem, but all this is done in a very forced and not subtle way. The other big problem I had was how all the characters (except the psychopaths and the real softies) would react to every inevitable conflict with the first aggression and threats of violence, confronted with Farrell's omnipresent stoicism immediately back and all reasonable and diplomatic. <br /> <br /> I think if I had to find a plus would be the performance of the two tracks, which was strong and very convincing considering the stereotypical nature of the characters, this was not very difficult. <br /> <br /> In my imagination, Bozz grew to be Zeke out of the Tour of Duty, and for my money, 4 episodes of it would be more fun to watch.
