Although the film may have been "true" to Lewis's book (in which the script was basically word for word, literally), it failed to capture anything of the greatness that would otherwise be associated with such an epic story. Mythical creatures (unicorns, centaurs, griffins, ghouls, ghosts) are drawn, and as in the previous review, the sequence of green-screen flight was very difficult to swallow. I almost laughed to death when I saw the humanoid beavers with their gigantic hard suits and chicken teeth; I almost cried when I heard the howl of the wolf - a man in a gray suit who screamed as loudly and as feminine as he could. The whole performance is tremendously forced, especially that of little Lucy Penvensie ... I could only endure so much indignation, despair and goat's teeth in (it seemed) fourteen hours of watching the movie. The actress who plays the White Witch in all her histrionics seems to be more at home on stage, where a booming voice, open arms and a valiant effort on something Shakespearean would be more than welcome. <br /> <br /> The scenarios look claustrophobic, whether inside or outside scenes. Inside the house, it's as if the BBC could only spend $ 100 on building a set, so it's very small, and all the characters are constantly crammed. The White Witch's castle is a decaying and rotten English castle, full of styrofoam statues and poor lighting. When the Penvensie children are wandering through the forest - in fact, * any scene in the forest - it seems they are simply walking in circles. <br /> <br /> The only thing that seems decent in the movie is Aslan, but you can bet the BBC probably screwed up the whole budget of the movie in the construction of the mechanical feline. It looks great when he's stopped and before you start talking, but once he starts moving, you can not help but feel sorry for the poor man who has to be the butt in the lion's clothing. <br /> <br /> Yes, if you are an unconditional fan of Narnia, you may want to see this version simply because it preserves every word that Lewis wrote - but Lewis certainly was not a screenwriter, and many of the dialogue seems cumbersome and clumsy when on the screen. During the scene where the children are in the beaver house and prepare to flee from the wolves, Mme. Beaver continues unceasingly: "Ah, one more thing, dearies and then we'll be ready to go," punctuated by the children. shouts and simultaneous sighs and moans of "NO, Mrs. Beaver, please!" - a scene of comic relief, so incongruous (they should be FUGINING an imminent danger, not wondering if the sewing machine should or should not be packed), lessen the drama that the scene could have. In fact, the whole movie is filled with steering failures like these. <br /> <br /> I would recommend seeing the new Narnia (Disney 2005). The new movie, with up-to-date effects, spectacular computer animation, great weather all around, and a beautiful White Witch (who plays his part with all the subtle evil of an experienced politician, as opposed to a raucous banshee) captures everything of greatness and of the magnificence of the world of Narnia, without diminishing the minimum of Lewis's original vision (I think). Lucy is a lot cuter, just like beavers (and life-size), and the spoiled BBC Edmund has nothing to do with the divine, Desperately-Hungry-for-Accept-Insecure- e-Angsting-an-Inferiority-Complex Edmund that the new version of Disney fronts. <br /> <br /> Unless you're the type who likes to waste time making funny movies, I would not recommend this movie to anyone.
