I live in Ottawa where this movie was made and I really wish it had not been. This is a horrible movie. I really try and support independent films, but there is this stigma attached to anything indie and this stigma is: Indie Films Blow. Well, this movie does nothing to cast this curse. Actor, screenwriter and director Brett Kelly does little to contribute to the genre, instead he takes up the tired cliches of the films of the past. I'm really tired of threatening evil characters that hide in the shadows and attack the unsuspecting ones, it's very exaggerated. <br /> <br /> I remember one particular scene near the end of the movie, where the whole scene is lit up with the headlights of the cars. Now, some might say that this was an effect used to create mood and tension, but unfortunately it was to show the tight budget of this movie. As for a movie that dares to call itself terror, the viewer is faced with difficulties finding anything real, plus some scenes with corn syrup and red dye. The most important thing that drives this movie is the pace and lack of character development, the basic plot is that the children are being kidnapped and the parents must track down this Bonesetter guy before a certain time , in order to get their children back. Not that this concept bothers me, but, I really do not find it believable that when the two main characters, both of whom have lost children, can find time to kiss. This is done in such a short time that it is inconceivable, my first priority would be to get my daughter back and at least meet the girl before I stay with her. <br /> <br /> The last point I have is .... and I will not hold it against Kelly, but the film is filmed entirely in boring and unemotional video and this really takes off any tense moment that would have only drained style in the movie. Although this film received a $ 1 million reworking and reworked the story and the boring and boring acting, everything could not keep that movie afloat. My only hope is that something will happen to prevent Brett Kelly from making a sequel, which was reported on his website, a sequence that was written in one session. <br /> <br /> Lord help us all.
