If I had never read the book, I would say it was a good movie. But I read the book. Whoever wrote the screen ruined the plot. There are so many changes, it was not really worthy of the title. Character changes, plot changes, changes in the timeline ... First, who was Henry and the investigator? They were not in the story. Henry had a bit of Mitch's personality, but Mitch was not a cop. No, you did it to Roz, helped "sink" your body and used it as a blackmail from Zenia against Roz. The real blackmail was Roz thought that Zenia was sleeping with her son and wanted her away from him. His son was also being blackmailed because he was hiding being gay from his mother. Your son was not even mentioned in the story. I can not believe she was your lover, Roz's secretary. Tony and West were not together at first. He was actually with Zenia first while in college. The apartment painted in black was his idea, Tony just went to visit. This is where Zenia and Tony meet, become fast friends. Tony hides his love for the West. Then Zenia left the west with Tony's money, then West and Tony joined. Eventually marrying, at some point West leaves Tony for Zenia again for a short time. Just to be heartbroken again. Then go back to Tony. The blackmail of Zenia to Tony was that Tony had written a test for Zenia. Now, being a teacher in college, she did not want to let him out. I will say that the character who played Tony did this wonderfully. The Charis character was blonde, not that it really matters. Zenia did not fool her into having cancer while Augusta was alive. No, she was there when Charis had a lover named Billy. Father of Augusta, he was a cheat in the Vietnam War. Eventually, after Charis takes care of Zenia for months, that was actually a drug withdrawal. Zenia and Billy have a case right under Charis' nose while they take care of both. Then Zenia turns Billy to the government and leaves the ferry with him. Not with Augusta, Charis was pregnant with her tho. Charis also had a split personality, Karen was her real name. <br /> <br /> Zenia did not die from being cut to pieces ... she fell or was possibly pushed (we never really knew) from the porch and landed on a fountain. She had almost pure heroin in her blood, and she was likely to take a bit of unknowing and fall like her. She was also really dying of cancer this time. <br /> <br /> He did not show any of the childhood memories or anything that approached the characters of the reader. The book was striped to the bone. So it is done in another person's vision. Why could not you just write your own story along the lines of what you did in the movie? It was different enough, and I'm sure it could have been made even more so.
