When I saw that Mary Louise Parker was associated with this epic movie-turned-novel, I was intrigued. Being a fan of the book, I assumed she would be playing Tony, Roz or Charis, but more so, I was intrigued to see how they would turn that almost psychological (but not psychological) head novel into a movie that would be accessible to those who had not read the novel, and that would be at least moderately satisfying to those who had. The book is a complex reflection of society, women and modern life, and I was interested to see how they used the three different narratives that led to the unfolding of the story in a film. What they actually did was a crime. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistake and confusing question is: why does Oxygen, a network that advertises itself as being for women, get an incredible book about how complex, wonderful and terrible women are? are and can be, and change the protagonist of 3 women to some idiot cop for no real reason to get involved in history? It seems that whoever has adapted was easy to use this guy to ask directly to Roz, Tony and Charis about how they knew Zenia and, in doing so, they ran for the most part of the book. In doing so, however, they confused the story and cut off all the good in the characters, as well as making the public not have the credibility to associate. In the movie, these women are not people, they are characters. <br /> <br /> In the book, Zenia feigns her death, but the book mentions this to show that point, while the film wastes 30-45. minutes focusing on this ex-cop running and not doing anything useful. They have tried to turn this complex book into an episode of Law and Order or CSI. <br /> <br /> It turns out that Mary Louise Parker played Zenia, which was wrong. Zenia is a Catherine Zeta-Jones, Angelina Jolie, or maybe even a Scarlett Johnasson type. She is a woman that men can not worship, and a woman who women are intrigued and threatened, but in a way "keep your enemies close." And as she approaches, she looks totally genuine and trustworthy despite her best judgment. She is the type of woman who, even when she loses, wins: she is always beautiful, still rich, and there are always people who do not know her game. In the movie, Zenia did not pick up Charis's man (the blond American cheater who was using Charis in the first place ...) but instead took August and tried to become his legal guardian (and apparently returned to be his lesbian lover as a lingering kiss in the cafe implies). And Zenia killed the chickens before leaving with August, but it did not make sense, since all the residues were removed. It was as if the scriptwriter was clutching to satisfy those who read the book, but I think that if I had not read the book, I would have gone through the whole mess if I had gone to the trouble of Everything. <br /> <br /> And Roz's husband died before Zenia came on the scene (which was odd since Zenia took over Roz's business and life in the book, which is why Roz hated her so much) and she was Zenia had conspired to kill Roz's husband years and years ago. And according to the film that Tony and West were dating forever ... even at the party where Zenia and West (in the book) painted the whole place in black and made Tony look totally so (and mean, evil) person ever was respected by all for his intelligence and popular for it. Tony's character was SO WRONG in this movie ... she seemed a bit psychotic and like the mind behind any conspiracy that was going on, as opposed to the clumsy, slightly reclusive kind of teacher she was in the book. The movie basically suggests that smart women are bad, beautiful women are bad, powerful women are bad and women who teach yoga are out of their rockers. <br /> <br /> They basically tried to make Zenia not necessarily horrible as it was in the book, and then, in the end, the three women convince this ex-cop (who, of course, in the process of researching this, finds Zenia and has a case with her that should end with them moving to Barbados or something ridiculous, which of course Zenia jumps) to hide Zenia's body (which they found at the hotel where she was staying, but the film indicates that one of the three women pushed her down the porch, or they conspired together to do this ...) and then Zenia was also able to get all of Roz's money in the suit. By the end of the movie, I was just paying attention among the commercials because it had expanded so far in space that it could and should have been. <br /> <br /> If you're not confused by this, break up the movie, then maybe you'll like it because I read the book and saw the movie, and the movie I'm ridiculously confused. It was terrible. I understand that making a movie with this book is quite a chore, but if you are going to take on the task, you should start by determining what is unnecessary in the book, rather than creating some useless character to be our Alice in Wonderland. . <br /> <br /> Are not there books that Oxygen is making at least half of the decent TV movies?
