* Warning - there are no spoilers ahead, but movie spoilers, however ... * My significant other rented it to me thinking it would be a fantastic novel with a cast of stars. Wow - very, very wrong. This film is an exaggerated, exaggerated and overly sentimental excuse to release a student movie in theaters 15 years after it has been shot! The copyright date on the box read 2005, but during the first flashback sequence I was looking at the clothes and hairstyles that should have been in the early 1960s, and I noticed that the girls wore late dresses and hairstyles from the 1980s and early 1980s. It looked like it had been filmed a good 15 or 20 years before the rest of the movie! I tried to convince myself that it was a flashback and therefore should look old but it seemed WWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYY more 80s than 60s or even 21st century trying to be 60s ... then an adult co-worker of the main character appears, and he looks like the boy who appears in the flashback sequences (however, it's a different character, much older, whose youth is featured in flashbacks). I was completely confused until I saw in the special features the short film included - it was all the flashback sequences filmed in 1990 as a full-length movie of students of the same title as this movie! He also presents comments that include the whole grown up boy (and indeed acting as a co-worker in the 2005 scenes). Thus, this film is just a story shell woven around an old clipped student film, arranged as an obvious excuse for the film to be presented at theatrical execution time. The story of the shell, filmed in 2005, is mostly about a man who lost his wife and finds healing and redemption in the dance class he promises to a dying man that he will appear in his place (something about a promise made by the dying in the beginning of the 60s for his little girl that they would meet on the "fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium - an excuse to film segments around the old movie in 2005?") These new scenes and plot may have been OK, except the horrible and overly sentimental punctuation that repeats ad nauseum in almost every new scene and the cliché action that permeates the new movie. Do not bother. There's a reason you've never heard of this movie even though it has a well-known cast - it's terrible .
