And again, please do not watch this movie! This is more than a review. This is a warning. This sets the record for the worst and most comedy of all time. At least with most of today's recent comedies, the jokes are rudimentary and flat, but writers and directors make at least some effort to make them funny. I never tire of repeating one of my favorite mottos: everyone thinks they can do comedy, and only 10% of them are right. Comedy is difficult! This is not a genre that any idiot can play with. I think it's atrocious that the filmmakers are comparing this piece of junk with "Kentucky Fried Movie." Basically, these bozos are comparing their so-called comic talents to those of the brilliant Jim Abrahams and Zucker Brothers. Come on, I've seen Pauly Shore movies that are 10 times funnier than "The Underground Comedy Movie". Here is a sample of the comedy for those curious to see this movie: A sketch involves a superhero dressed as a penis named D ** kman. The whole joke is that he defeats his enemies, squirting them with semen. That's it. That's the whole joke. Wow. That's enough to make the Carrot Top roll your eyes. Another sketch involves a man having sex with a dead person in a porn movie. And in another sketch, there is a bag lady beauty pageant in which we are exposed to the awful images of middle-aged women dressed in bikinis with guts and stretch marks. Also, making fun of the homeless is sadder than funny. You're one step away from mocking the mentally retarded. The whole movie is supposed to be a satire. I think the filmmakers forgot that a key element of satire ... is the TRUTH !!! For anyone who has really liked this crap, explain to me what is true about ANY of those jokes! Some of the sketches may have sounded funny on paper, but anyone who has participated in screenwriting lessons knows that if a joke sounds too funny on paper, it probably will not be funny on screen. If I tell anyone about a big, black, muscular, gay virgin who is saving himself up for the right man, he or she would probably laugh. But watching the onscreen premise for about 10 minutes is a complete hitch. I hate that as often as people criticize a low-brow comedy like this for not being funny, they are considered to be weird squares. I just saw "White Chicks" recently. This is another politically incorrect low-brow comedy, but I laughed out of my head. The most offensive thing about "The Underground Comedy Movie" is that it's not funny! What writers and directors do not understand is that merely being dirty and tasteless does not work. There must be more! Just think of the famous "There's Something About Mary" scene (ironically, enough for the Bozo filmmakers to put the Farrellys on their special thanks list). The joke about semen was not only funny because it involved bodily fluids. There was an accumulation. Ben Stiller was masturbating in the bathroom to make sure he would not go out on a date with a "loaded gun." Then he looked around to see where all the semen was after it was released. A knock is on the door and he has to answer. Their meeting, Mary, is at the door and it is when it is revealed that the semen is hanging in Ben's ear. In this movie, there are several jokes involving characters squirting loads of semen on people without any buildup. As Jay Leno always says, "This comedy thing is not that easy, is it?" Keep this in mind, Vince Offer, because you have not been hacked into this genre !! The only reason people can laugh at these jokes is because they want to feel attractive. Let's face it, nowadays it's hip to laugh at anything politically incorrect. I know the comedy is subjective ... but this movie should not be funny to anyone, except perhaps to the filmmakers themselves. As a side note, the film had to be made before the fame of Michael Clarke Duncan in films like "Armageddon" and "The Green Mile". There can be no other reason why an actor of his caliber would offer to be part of this freak-amateur show. All the others in the cast are non-actors, actors or movie stars B. Karen Black made a good impression on "Five Easy Pieces," but I think she has not done anything of value since. Slash was probably stoned in this movie. Gina Lee Nolin is nothing without Baywatch. Angelyne is the biggest star of the film (keeping in mind that Duncan was not famous at the time), and there are probably still a ton of people who have never heard of her - for good reason. Normally, I favor extremely low-budget films, but this deserves to fall into obscurity. I hope the Lord does not become a cult classic! Should not there be a law against the distribution of garbage like that?
