Once again I saw a movie made by people who know nothing. I just recently reviewed Baby Face Nelson. Now I saw Dillinger and I had it. <br /> <br /> This movie is crap. I do not know how anyone in my right mind could compare this to a classic like Bonnie and Clyde. This movie is far from a classic. Someone called it brilliant. This is an insane thing to say. This movie can not contain any fact and has the worst cast I've ever seen. I do not know who the dumb idea was for playing Warren Oates like John Dillinger. First of all he looks nothing like it. Secondly, by the time John Dillinger was killed, he was 31 years old. When Oates did this, he was 45! You could even say that he is older than the real Dillinger just by looking at him. He was not only too old, as Ben Johnson was also Melvin Purvis. <br /> <br /> They show that Baby Face Nelson died, then Homer Van Meter and finally John Dillinger. John Dillinger was killed before two. The last to die of the three was Baby Face Nelson. Not only do writers not know when they died, but they also do not know how they died. Baby Face Nelson was not killed after he escaped from Little Bohemia in a cloak. Homer Van Meter was not killed by ranchers with guns. Homer Van Meter was cornered by police in St. Paul and shot down with machine guns. Another member of the Dillinger gang, Harry Pierpont is shown being shot by police in this film. Pierpont was not shot. Harry Pierpont was captured and condemned to die in the electric chair. I go to what happened to Baby Face Nelson in my magazine Baby Face Nelson, so I will not go in here again. Let me also add that Richard Dreyfuss's portrait of Baby Face Nelson is pathetic. There is a scene where he attacks Dillinger and then gets a bad beating. As Dillinger hit him, he cried like a baby and shouted, "Leave me alone!" Baby Face Nelson and John Dillinger never quarreled. Maybe Dillinger did not agree with Nelson's bank robbery methods, but they never fought. Nelson also never cried like a little girl while being beaten. They continue to call him Lester "Baby Face" Nelson. He was never in his life known by that name. Nelson's real name was Lester Gillis and he changed his name to George Nelson. The black man who escaped from jail with Dillinger was Herbert Youngblood, but in this film he is known as Reed Youngblood. John Milius knows nothing. Where the hell did John Milius get his information? I could probably make a movie better than him. <br /> <br /> Finally, the way they showed John Dillinger dying is outrageous and inexcusable. The film shows Dillinger coming out of Biograph with Lady in Red and his girlfriend Billie Frechette. By the way, Billie Frechette was not there that night. But a girl named Polly Hamilton was. Melvin Purvis shouts, "Johnny!" Dillinger grabs his gun and is taken to hell. It is a proven fact that Dillinger did not have a gun that night. The FBI did not give him a chance to surrender, and as soon as he was in sight, they threw him out. They did not even have to shoot him. They were so close that dust burns were found on his face. It was murder. They also say that the dead man that night was not John Dillinger. After killing thousands of civilians in the Little Bohemian incident, can you imagine the FBI reporting that they just killed another innocent, unarmed man? The weapon they had on display that was supposed to be on Dillinger was also proven not to have been manufactured until after Dillinger's death. I could continue as the man they killed was not John Dillinger, but I'll stop here. If you'd like to know more, check it out here. <br /> <br /> Watch Dillinger's version with Lawrence Tierney if you'd like, but do not waste your time on this inaccurate piece of junk.
