Anyone who visited drive-ins in the 50s, 60s, and 70s must have seen a movie or two by American International Pictures, a distributor that resembled the giant Cannon Films of the 1980s. Wherever moviegoers ventured, the AIP would be there to provide the latest fashion titles - in the 1950s came horror films like 'Voodoo Woman' and 'The Undead'; in the 60's were Frankie Avalon-Annette Funicello beach comedies and motorcycle movies like "The Glory Stompers"; and in the 1970s, AIP produced garbage at the level of designer labels such as Cannibal Girls and Sugar Hill. "Dillinger," released in 1973, is one of AIP's most "intellectual" efforts to capture the true spirit of drive-in cinema; is one of those jagged and exaggerated films that satisfy the thirst of the masses for entertainment, skill and common sense. Overall, "Dillinger" is typical of their time: fun and worth a few hours, but certainly not memorable. Heavy on the move and with little acting and historical fact, "Dillinger" was a fair effort by screenwriter and director John Milius ("Magnum Force"), but certainly left room for improvement in his long career. The 109-minute "Dillinger" - epic for AIP's scope - follows the mission of FBI chief in the Midwest, Melvin Purvis, played by Oscar winner Ben Johnson. Purvis was the investigator who sought revenge for four FBI agents killed in a 1933 ambush in Kansas City that helped gangster Frank Nash escape from justice. In general, there were the men who were supposedly planning the escape, including billionaire John Dillinger (Warren Oates), Pretty Boy Floyd (Steve Kanaly) and psychopath Baby Face Nelson (Richard Dreyfuss). Dillinger joined forces with Floyd and Nelson, leading Homer Van Meter (Harry Dean Stanton) and Harry Pierpont (Geoffrey Lewis). He also joined Billie Frechette (Michelle Phillips), a prostitute of French and Indian origin. Over the course of several months in 1933-4, "Dillinger" is basically a film of persecution, with Purvis' entourage wanting to run over and kill the men sought after by J. Edgar Hoover. <br /> <br /> "Dillinger" has a documentary, listing dates and places, while Johnson provides loose narrative like Purvis. Milius maintains an honest look at the Depression, using fashion, cars, weapons, and authentic buildings; he also sprinkles around black-and-white photographs and filming gangster shootings. The movie is never boring, moving at a fast pace, though casual. The action scenes are Dillinger's strong point, edited with competence by Fred Feitshans Jr in his last professional effort. Thousands of blank ammunition cartridges must have been used to make this movie, not to mention pounds of explosives. This movie is certainly not for scruples, with people being shot and falling dead all over the place. Violence, though gratuitous, brings some understanding of the chaos that organized crime has poured into American life. <br /> <br /> However, this film never transcends its exploitative status, because the required writing does not exist. John Milius, a little overrated as a filmmaker, puts a lot of emphasis on action. The action scenes (mostly blood-filled shootings) are impressive and comparable to any major crime film of his day, including "Bonnie and Clyde," 1967. But we just do not know much about Dillinger and his gang members like people; the vital relationship that develops between Dillinger and Frechette is hardly touched, with the pair meeting in a bar during a scene and having fun as lovers only ten minutes later. Melvin Purvis also seems to get in and out of the story, becoming a prominent figure only when Milius needs to keep the movie from being undone. All too often, the film assumes a persona in which its characters could have been explored in detail. <br /> <br /> Moreover, the main crime of the image is the ignorance of historical facts. While many say 'Dillinger' is just a movie, it's movies like this that create fables and make them permanent. Those with knowledge of the gangster story will point out that John Dillinger was not the last of his ring to die, as Milius' screenplay and documentary style encourage us to believe. In fact, Dillinger died before Baby Face Nelson and Homer Van Meter; he was also said not to be carrying a gun the night of his death, nor did he have Billie Frechette in tow. While these inaccuracies can cause great drama, there is no reason for Milius not to have kept the facts and written a great story around them. <br /> <br /> The performance of Warren Oates as Dillinger is very good, although he sometimes seems unconvincing. Oates is funny and shows just how Dillinger was consumed by his larger image than life in the American press; however, we never felt the threat he invoked in his life. Ben Johnson gives Purvis a bit of life, soft but fairly flat. Michelle Phillips brings excitement to Billie Frechette's character and it's really too bad that Milius's script has not deepened his relationship with Dillinger. We never learn what drew her to a cold-blooded killer, plus the stereotype of a carefree girl who is drawn to men of danger. The supporting roles with Kanaly, Dreyfuss, Stanton, Lewis and Cloris Leachman, which appear briefly, are acceptable for such talent. As part of the 1970s exploration, 'Dillinger' seems doomed to boxes of retail bargains. , which is exactly where I got the MGM DVD release for $ 4.99. The film is well presented in widescreen (mandatory for drive-in movies) with French and Spanish subtitles. Dillinger's theatrical trailer is provided as a solitary extra. Largely forgotten, except for fans of gangster movies and drive-in enthusiasts, the film does not ask for much more in terms of supplementary material. For fans of the genre, it's worth checking out. <br /> <br /> 4 of 4 <br /> <br /> Reviewer Roving - www.geocities.com/paul_johnr
