It proves why Hollywood conventions are in place. Ancient dialects, underdeveloped and flat characters, and a disjointed storyline are only part of the problems with this aspiring classic gangster. An attempt to be bold and different, but this seems to be an attempt to re-create the magic of Bonnie and Clyde (1967), by Arthur Penn, and Butch Cassidy, by George Roy Hill, and Sundance Kid (1969) - truly innovative. filmmakers and movies - but falling well below the bar. Problems with story lines being self-explanatory result in the need for a narration to explain the sections of the problem. The issue appears again as an attempt to duplicate the previous classics, but occasionally it is disjointed and causes more problems for me technically. Unnecessary shots are thrown to justify filming, but they would have served the viewer sitting on the court room floor better. Stills, black and white mounts and period music are released from time to time in attempts to be different or cover up scenes that may not transpose well or replace scenes that simply did not work, and again are reminiscent of Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid (1969). Overly dramatic pauses between phrases, random shots of surrounding scenarios that were not needed to tell stories, plus over-the-top acting from small players and supporting actors was reminiscent of the backyard camera directors of the late 80's - I was wondering who was in charge of this film during production and during post-production. Playing music on most of the two planes and close-ups, and suddenly stopping in wide scenes emphasized too much a weak musical score. No sound editing was drastically apparent as most of the film was shots, doors, footsteps and dialogues (a style used in the late 60s to mid 70s by new directors) but with no background noise making it look artificial - particularly the tire squeaks on dirt roads. In my honest opinion, the biggest problem of all is that there are no "nice" characters for the public or do not lead us to see as the protagonists of the story. Neither the gangsters nor the law men were characters I wanted to see beat and were not focused as the 'hero' - a necessity for any story to work for me. We know from the Penn and Hill movies who the 'heroes' are. Even being criminals, we like them and want to see them flee. I could care less about who was on the screen in this movie. I had the impression that John Milius was trying to make a non-historically accurate re-enactment of the events that surrounded John Dillenger's life from June 1933 to July 1934 (his death). <br /> <br /> To be fair, are some moments of good and solid narrative, which are moments that shine brightly from the dark and sombre vessel in which this film is. John Milius is happy in future films, where he does not seem to try to "copy" other filmmakers. Dillinger (1973) is not a total waste, since many stars and famous faces who were on the verge of bursting are involved with this debut in the direction of the "big budget", but wait for it in a channel of classic films instead of spending money to rent or buy. <br /> <br />
