The continuation of David Mackenzie for the brilliant Young Adam wants to be a lost story of a lonely voyeur who is trying to confront some psycho-sexual problems with his dead mother. You want to be brave, realistic and mysterious. At the same time, he wants to be funny and not judge his troubled leadership while establishing himself as an adult. <br /> <br /> To achieve this goal, the film tries to be hard on the youth. Your poster has hand-drawn letters similar to Juno's. Its original soundtrack is composed of accelerated indie rock that tries to convince the public that Hallam is OK; just a little wrong. But strangely, the film is not at all young. <br /> <br /> Like the young Adam, the central mystery of this film concerns a drowned woman - in this case Hallam's mother. The young Adam keeps his mystery quiet, contemplative and compassionate enough to reach you with the truths that come. Hallam Foe does the opposite. He emphasizes the psychosis of his character so clearly and so early that he never does anything beyond his expected parameters. The opening scene is Hallam in his tree house watching his sister playing with her boyfriend. Hallam interrupts quickly, asserting his presence in the house. Here we see everything Hallam will do for the rest of the film. <br /> <br /> The mystery surrounding his mother's drowning is whether it was suicide or murder by his father's girlfriend. The public can never really trust Hallam because, in addition to being scary, we think his obsession drove him close to insanity. This disrupted the mysterious element to me because Hallam is too sporadic to be relatable. Sure enough when he found some clues that would support his claim, he runs away from home, at first seems to be looking for the police. So he gets extremely distracted by a girl who looks like his mother, which frustratingly takes the story away from the mysterious element. While Jamie Bell brings some very nice features into his lost character, he was limited by the obviousness of his psychological needs. This movie is by no means mysterious, but neither is it blunt. He tries to be realistic in dealing with these issues, but adds a very self-conscious courage that registers exactly as the opposite. This is true of a Trainspotting attitude, with a heavy soundtrack, to help the audience take root for a protagonist who climbs the buildings, picks the padlocks, and camps for voyeurism. These urban adventures in which Hallam gets involved are very difficult for a boy from the interior to get involved and are not sexy, cheerful or pleasant. They are more neutral than anything; not boosting the character or story. Mackenzie makes you understand Hallam, but he can not build common ground. <br /> <br /> He expects you to enjoy the trials and tribulations of Hallam without much ideological justification. The film depends on your audience's perspective on voyeurism / the kind of person who gets involved with it. Obviously, most people would be disgusted by this. And Hallam Foe realizes this, but does not let us see Hallam regret the morality of his decisions. It goes from person to person, trying to fill its deep void. There is a particularly disturbing line of Hallam's love interest, Kate, where she drunk says "I love scary boys," perhaps asking the public to do the same. The line tries to foretell his understanding of him (his motivation remains vague everywhere) and tries to prevent us from judging him. It is not difficult to like Hallam, but it is very difficult to participate in your adventure - if it is an adventure. All the while, the movie tries to use its extravagant soundtrack to mask its indecisive mood. <br /> <br /> Great performances are weighed down by a film with a weak third act, muddy development and unnecessarily ambiguous direction by Mackenzie. Recently, this movie was renamed for a release in the United States and for what reason? Not only is it more unpleasant, but the hard truth is that the character Hallam never wins the title of "Sir".
