First of all ... with names like Fred Olen Ray, Brinke Stevens and Jan-Michael Vincent, plus distributors like "Rhino" and "Troma" in the video box, you know what you're getting into with this one. Movie Mania B! If you're really hoping to see an "Edgar Allan Poe-based" thriller, forget about it and head straight into Roger Corman's great 60-year-old Poe series. This is pure, unadulterated sleaze (with just a pedestrian attempt in a plot similar to "The Premature Burial"), complete with lots of R-rated, sex-ready video and nudity. However, it's certainly fun and fun in a sloppy way ... <br /> <br /> Brinke (who has three nudity scenes in the first 30 minutes) plays the rich, traumatized housewife and insomniac Victoria Monroe , whose fear of being buried prematurely stems from his belief that the same fate occurred to his father (Hoke Howell). Her worthless husband Terry (Jay Richardson) has accumulated serious debt (due to a gangster played by Robert Quarry) and with the help of his perverted Lisa Lisa (Delia Sheppard) conspiring to end the crime. Brinke for her money. The actress of name-value Karen Black appears wearing a blonde wig as hypnotizing (she is too talented to play such an insignificant role), Robert Scale, a 50-year-old sci-fi and horror actor plays a doctor and family friend and Michael Berryman. to a decent nightmare sequence by performing an autopsy on a Vicki still alive. Jan-Michael Vincent sits outside a house in his car making goo-goo eyes as Brinke enters and leaves the house. <br /> <br /> The plan to kill a spouse-by-inheritance has been made millions of times before, the end is a riot of unintentional laughter (concluding with a direct violation of the Zuni Fetish Doll segment in TRILOGY OF TERROR) and anyone who has created the terrible face stabbed and beheaded FX head for this release needs to sharpen skills a little. Brinke does a decent job making her character a little nice, but the biggest surprise of all is how former Penthouse Pet Delia Sheppard is in her role. She stole all the scenes she was in and easily gave prominent performance here.
