What about Dahmer's childhood? - The operation of a double hernia that is believed to have triggered its obsession with the inner workings of the human body? What about the "infinite earth"? "The game he invented as a child, involving stick men being annihilated when they got too close together, suggesting that intimacy was the greatest danger. What about the relationship between her parents and her mother's emotional problems that were far more relevant than just her own relationship with her father? Your feelings of neglect when your brother was born? What about your fascination with insects and animals? How would he dissect run-downs and hang him in the woods behind his house? How about focusing more on your cannibalism? What about his parents' divorce? These are all things that should have been included in the film. Instead, the filmmaker chose to give us a watery "snapshot" of a night or two in his life, and combine it with a series of confusing and sometimes unnecessary flashbacks to events that were not particularly relevant to our understanding of the Dahmer . Why did the filmmaker not show how Dahmer was interested in people as objects and not as people? He could have made this point many times, particularly in the scenes where he drugs his victims while he has sex with them (which actually occurred in a health club, not a nightclub). Instead, it just shows him pounding on his back. <br /> <br /> As long as I appreciate, there is so much information that you can stick in 90 minutes (or whatever time), but why spend such a big movie part examining your relationship with Luis Pinet? (known as Rodney in this movie). My only guess is that the director was trying to build the character of Pinet, to try to make us fear or empathize with him, but this movie should be about Jeffrey Dahmer, so why could not he spend those forty-five minutes? in something else? If the scene and their relationship were important enough to justify such a time, then it would be fair, but it was not. The scene in which he kills Steven Hicks, his first victim, is a vital part of Jeffrey Dahmer's story because it was the first murder, and because of the effect that murder had on the rest of his life. Unfortunately, the film does not explain that it was his first murder, or that he did not kill again for nine years. We assume, because his hair style is different, and he is wearing glasses that this is a flashback, but for when? It's because? <br /> <br /> What about the sanctuary he made in his living room at the end of his career? - one of the most important clues we have to understand Dahmer and his motivations. Some people may find my need for accuracy in fact and in detail a bit anal, but having studied Jeffrey Dahmer in depth, it is clear that this film has very little in common with the person he was and the committed. Why bother spending time making a movie loosely based on Jeffrey Dahmer instead of facing the real problems behind his fall into madness and the carnage that followed? <br /> <br /> Finally, a film with such revolting subjects as this one should have an 18-year certificate, not a 15-year certificate. We needed to see his perversion in more depth, to understand how far apart he was from the rest of us. That does not mean showing the drill actually entering the head of Konerak Sinthasomphone, for example, but at least an indication of how many people he killed, and what his Modus Operandi was when it actually killed. Anyone who watched this movie and did not know the story of Dahmer could leave thinking that only killed a few people. He actually killed seventeen men. <br /> <br /> In addition to the facts and the lack of depth, the film is not all bad. There is good cinematography and good performances from the two main characters. I would like to see this done again by a filmmaker who has more knowledge, more energy and a better reason to make the film in the first place.
