I find it encouraging and inspiring that the writing staff behind Hollywood films like INDIANA JONES and THE DOOM TEMPLE, American Graffiti and HOWARD THE DUCK started their career with a low-budget horror film like this. Perhaps as a testament to the talent that would take Willard Hyuck and Gloria Katz an Oscar nomination later in their respective careers, Messiah of Evil has potential but unfortunately becomes frustrating precisely because it is unable to muster the prowess of making movies. The premise involves a young woman who travels to a small seaside town in search of her father painter who has disappeared for some time. It does not take long for the fragmented narrative to abandon all hope and plunge headlong into the disjointed absurdity - and for a time it works wonderfully well to the point where you begin to think that perhaps the Messiah of Evil needs to be rescued from the gutter. as an example of mysterious and artistic terror. <br /> <br /> Surreal non-sequals continue to pile up as the daughter comes across a young couple in a decaying hotel room that is in town to conduct an on-site survey. legend of "Blood Moon," a half-crazy and disheveled alcoholic (played by the great Elisha Cook Jr. in perhaps the best scene of the film) who warns her about her father only to be found dead in a dog food alley a bit later, the blind old lady who owns the local art gallery and who inexplicably removed all of her father's paintings from the shop and, last but not least, a retarded albino, murderer and squirrel eater. <br /> <br /> Part of the film's charm is precisely this bran-d artistic surrealism bargain-basement that challenges logic and gender conventions every step of the way. While with Lynch is obviously the mark of a talented creator, with Messiah of Evil the boundaries between 'intentional', 'unintentional' and 'really did not expect it to be so, but it's good enough - WRAP SCENE' obscurece desperately. Take for instance the double narration that flows in and out of the picture on a drug-addicted, feverish, flowing path of consciousness, one coming from the daughter as she wanders place to put in search of her father, and the other narrated by her father's voice as she reads her diary. While we're still talking about a "undead" image, Messiah of Evil is different and just a little - at least with current biases than a zombie movie should be. The origin of the living dead here is a 100 year old curse granted to the city by a mysterious 'Dark Stranger' that came from the forest one day. Meanwhile, Hyuck finds time for bits of criticism of mass consumption in a supermarket that predates DAWN OF THE DEAD for a good number of years (you may already hear the phrase MST3K: 'The man is dead, only his capitalist food < I usually think that the surreal works in careful and well-measured doses - how absurd is it to work if it's not hidden? inside the perfectly normal? Hyuck seems to just tarnish the whole picture and, in doing so, overcomes When the albino, for example, catches a girl on her way to town and eats a squirrel in front of you, you can almost imagine the director flashing significantly to the audience, amused and content with their own jokes. <br /> <br /> The overall level of film production is also quite low - after half the way, the pace becomes confusing and the story tiring and of course going nowhere and not particularly fast. Hyuck's inability to capture the real atmosphere - the empty streets of the coastal city are criminally misused - and I would file Messiah on a 'lost opportunity', but still grindhouse aficionados will find the sufficient to appreciate - even though it is not particularly bloody, useless or scornful.
