Skullduggery is a strange and strange film based on the novel "Ye Shall Know Them" by Vercors. Unleashing criticism in the film seems really unkind, as it is a film that deals with serious themes like humanity, and appeals for moral standards and tolerance. But despite his honorable intentions and his well-intentioned tone, Skullduggery simply is not a very good movie. For me, the main problem is the terribly disjointed narrative, which can not decide how best to convey its message. The first half of the film is like watching a standard film of expedition in the Tarzan jungle; later, it becomes a fable of science fiction; in the end, he enters the melodrama of the court. The tone differences between each section of the film are too big, too shocking to be overlooked. They stand out like a sore thumb and constantly remind you that you are watching a confusing and disorganized movie. <br /> <br /> An archaeological expedition in the jungles of New Guinea is led by adventurer Douglas Temple (Burt Reynolds). One of the main archaeologists involved in the tour is the attractive scientist Dr Sybil Greame (Susan Clark). After an arduous journey, they come across a tribe of strange monkey-like creatures. These long lost primitive people are covered in hair and have survived for centuries without being touched or influenced by the developments of modern man. Is there any evidence that they may be the ancestors of primitive man? the "missing link" in the evolution of monkeys to humans. Or maybe a race of humans who simply look and behave differently than usual? Or even a breed of animals that began to develop human characteristics? Archaeologists call the tribe "Tropi" and are initially thrilled by the implications of their discovery. But things take a devastating turn when the unpleasant opportunist Vancruysen (Paul Hubschmid) declares his intention to exploit the tribe and his idyll on behalf of the developers. He questions whether the Tropi are truly "human" and takes their case to court, where he hopes to receive legal support so that his own greedy ambitions can continue. <br /> <br /> This was a very old movie. in Reynolds' career, and he really unbalances this movie, acting like he's in a comedy, while the rest of the cast takes everything very seriously. Not that Reynolds could be guilty ?? he has an impossible role, asked to play a charming adventurer who really belongs to a Tarzan movie. Your character and the movie are not relevant to each other. Clark does much better as the archaeologist, and there are good supporting roles for British actors Edward Fox, Alexander Knox and Wilfrid Hyde-White. One major flaw in Skullduggery is the inefficient, lame makeup used to give the Tropi a strange, hairy look. Instead of making the actors look like believable hominoids, the trapped hair simply makes them appear unintentionally comic. and this is not the right idea. We are destined to feel great sympathy for these creatures, but this is very difficult when they seem so unconvincing. Crush is a failed attempt to tell a story that could have been poignant, philosophical and exhilarating. Honest intentions are there for all to see, but the end result does not do them justice. A worthy failure can be a failure, however.
