Although the overall idea of ​​Escape from Atlantis was intriguing, I found the film to be much smaller than I expected when reading the summer plot. Maybe I'm a kid in the technological age: the movie was made, as it is now 2002, an official five years ago - after seeing fantasy epics like The Lord of the Rings, and made science fiction like Star Wars, as a whole, could not be compared to other films of similar line, like Dinotopia or The Odyssey, of Homer. <br /> <br /> My flesh, basically, was that I could not relate - I'm about the same age. of children (a young adult), and I have no problem putting myself in the shoes of a middle-aged man, if that's the character available. But the image did not lead me to a different mental plain of existence. I did not find myself saying 'ACK! I would have done the same thing! ' It did not open the doors of my imagination. Even without comparing it to high-budget movies or other TV movies alone, certain aspects of the feature I found to be clichéd: the development of character in children occurred very quickly for my taste, seeing much of the stereotype of selfish teenager. image of bitterness after divorce, turning into the feeling that we are a happy-let's-never-separate-again family, which can ultimately make or break an image in the long run. Even the characters themselves might have undergone improvements: a typical set of one or the other stereotype. There was the ever-present selfish beauty that seemed to be rebellious, accompanied by Mr. Perfect's image of combining athleticism, good looks and intelligence, but a meditative attitude, and lastly the smart little brother we find so commonplace nowadays. Although I know the personalities boosted the story, I think adding more individuality in terms of nuances and more unique differences would have made the film more enjoyable - and more believable (as far as the character is concerned). <br /> <I have to raise my glass for the costumes and scenography - that made it worth it to finish to the end for me. Do not get me wrong: all movies are worth seeing for yourself, and one's opinion could never explain the opinion of many, but I think with a bit more depth to the screenplay, and a bit more (I do not I can believe I'm telling you this) realism I dare say Escape from Atlantis could have been magical.
