The main problem with the documentary "Czech Dream" is that he is not really saying what he thinks he is saying. In a daring - I hesitate to use the word "inspired" - a street theater act, Vit Klusak and Filip Remunda, two student filmmakers from the Czech Republic, took out a major corporate fraud to serve as a basis for the film: They deliberately fabricated a fake "hypermarket" (the equivalent of Costco in Eastern Europe or Wal Mart Super Store) built an entire advertising campaign around it - full of billboards, radio and TV spots, an official logo, a music captivating theme and pictures of fake products - and then waited to see how many "drugs" would appear in its creation on opening day. They even built an impromptu facade to convince people that the store itself really existed. <br /> <br /> One might ask, "Why such a thing?" Well, that's a very good question, but the answer the filmmakers provide is not as satisfying as one. Essentially, we are told that the stuntman's goal was to show how easily people can be manipulated to believe something - even something that is not true - simply through the power of publicity. And the filmmakers rush for moral coverage claiming that the "real" (or higher) purpose of the farce is to persuade the Czech people not to fall into all the ads that encourage them to join the European Union. It's fair - especially when you consider that true advertisers who agree to go along with the stuntman declare against the unethical nature of lying to customers, while justifying their collaboration in deception claiming it is a form of "research" into what works and what does not work in advertising. In a way, by allowing yourself to be caught on camera by making these comments, these advertising men and women are as much deceitful to the filmmakers as the poor innocent people who are the main target of the ruse. <br /> <br /> But in many ways, the satirical arrow not only does not reach the intended target, it ironically turns back to the very filmmakers who launched it. For it is they themselves and NOT the kindly, naturally confident people who end up becoming the unethical and classless people here as they proceed to deceive perfectly decent people, some of them old and disabled, and forced to travel long distances on foot to arrive to the location. And what does all this have to prove anyway? That people are "greedy" because they go to the opening of a new supermarket looking for bargains? Or that they are stupid and naive because they do not suspect that there may not be a real market, even if one has been announced? Such vigilance would require a level of cynicism that would make it virtually impossible to function in the real world. <br /> <br /> No, I'm afraid that this grumpy and unpleasant little "feat" only proves what's full and absolute jerks the filmmakers are to make some really cool people feel stupid. And in fact, many of them, when they finally discover the trick that was thrown at them, react with grace and good humor. I'm not sure if I'd be able to find myself in their position. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying the movie is not exciting - something like witnessing a huge traffic accident in action - but when the dust finally stabilized and all the disappointed customers came back with red face and hands empty into their homes, we can safely declare that it is not they who should be feeling ashamed.
