When I watched this movie, I heard all the publicity and I heard people say that Denzel deserved the Oscar alongside the Golden Globes and I believed he should have done a great job considering Kevin Spacey was excellent. I was wrong. I realize people say this so as not to irritate the African American community (if they are not African Americans). I always hear complaints about how African Americans are never named and how they should have won. Sometimes this is true (not so much these days), because Whoppi Goldberg should have won the best actress for The Color Purple and the film should have won the best picture. The only reason this movie was so blown up the way it was is because people watch a film about the difficulties (* SEMI-SPOILER *) of an African American during a very racist period and automatically label it as a work- cousin. Denzel Washington is an excellent actor, but his role in that film did not affect me. I was bored with him in the movie, and his acting here was very much like his role in Malcolm X, but not so good. The public must come out believing this man, Rubin Carter, is a saint. People left the theater worshiping this man, this hero, and they went out and bought his book, making this hero a rich man. SPOILERS This film tells the story of a man who spent most of his life in prison mainly for crimes he did not commit. Of course the crimes he committed (mostly stealing) were only to survive, nothing more. People felt sorry for him, even though drug traffickers and thieves probably came up for the same reasons, but were despised in society. Everything in this film tries to portray this man as a saint (except for the obvious infidelity he had towards his wife and the aggression he showed the other man when he met his wife), but why not, after all, is his point of view . I do not like movies (especially Hollywood interpretations) that are based on "true" stories because they often distort the "real" parts into something else, something not so true. This was his point of view and a Hollywood building, but everyone believed that it was unquestionably true. Well, I researched his past a little before making any assumptions, and he was a very violent man. Not only that, there is still a possibility that he murdered these people. If you do not believe me, look for it on the internet, and read the articles that some people have of it. The boxing match he claimed to have won so easily was actually won by his opponent Joey Giardello and there are tapes to prove it. In addition, there are many distorted and purposely omitted facts in this film. The support cast were the coolest people I've ever seen on the face of Earth and their persona "nice and perfect" seemed hard to maintain. <br /> <br /> This movie was a Hollywood version of yet another unfortunate truth story that remains to be told with sincerity. Denzel's performance is obsolete, and support cast's Mickey Mouse attitudes are annoying. The movie also starts very slow and is annoying.
