I have this movie out of the library now and I have not finished watching it. It is so bad that I am in disbelief. Audrey Hepburn had totally lost his talent so far, although he had ended up with Robin and Marian. This is the worst thing about this amazingly stupid movie. It is really only of interest because it was his last feature film and because of the appearance of Dorothy Stratten shortly before his homicide. <br /> <br /> There is nothing but idiotic between Gazzara and her cronies. Small signs and small ties and beckons to the real crazy comedy of which this is the most pale and pale shadow. <br /> <br /> Who could believe that there are even some of the same outskirts of Manhattan that Hepburn inhabited so magically and even mythical? in 'Breakfast at Tiffany's' twenty years earlier? The soundtrack to Sinatra's old songs and the Gershwin song from which the title is taken is very loud and obvious - you certainly do not have to wait for the credits to find out that something was subtly intertwined in the music film of the photo. to know when the songs exploded on you. <br /> <br /> 'Reverting to the type' means going back and forth, I think. In this case, the elegant European lady of Audrey Hepburn is all you see of someone who was once an actress and always a star. Here she even lost her talent as a star. If someone whose talent continued to grow in the period, such as Ann-Margret, had played the role, there would be some life in it, even considering the incredibly bad situations of mongoloid material and level. <br /> Hepburn was a great person, of course, bigger than most movie stars ever dreamed of being, and she was once one of the most charming and beautiful of the movie actors. After this terrible performance, she made an atrocious TV movie with Robert Wagner called "Love Among Thieves." In 'They all Laughed' it's like she's still playing a naive in her 50s. Even many, obviously less intelligent, actresses who insisted on doing it like Lana Turner were infinitely more effective than Hepburn. Turner took it seriously even when she was bad. Hepburn does not take it seriously, can not be bothered with it; even her hair and her clothes look cheesy. His last really good job was in 'Two for the Road', perhaps the most perfect if not his best in many ways. <br /> <br /> And that girl who plays the country singer is simply sick. John Ritter is awful, there is simply nothing to recommend this movie except to see Dorothy Stratten who was truly beautiful. Otherwise, the phrase often used by critic David Thomson "losing his talent" never made more sense. <br /> <br /> Ben Gazarra had already lost all sex appeal, and so we have two films with Gazarra and Hepburn. - who could ask for less? Sandra Dee's last and unfortunate film, 'Lost', two years later, a low-budget nothingness, had more than that. At least Mrs. Dee spoke in her own voice; in 1981, Audrey Hepburn's accent sounded silly; she would do the PBS World Gardens with Audrey Hepburn and there her annoying accent works as she walks through English gardens with aristocrats or waxes effusively about "what I like the most when flowers return to nature!" as in naturalized daffodils, but in a real fictional film, it sounds ridiculous. To think that 'Breakfast at Tiffany's' was a kind of light poetic thing with Audrey Hepburn one of the most beautiful women in the world - she was certainly one of the most beautiful presences on 'My Fair Lady' screen, combining Garbo in various things and Delphine Seyrig in 'Last Year at Marienbad'. "And then that!" And his brief role as the 'Hap' angel in Spielberg's 'Always' movie was just more than <br /> <br /> I went to her memorial service at Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church, a beautiful service that included a chorus of boys singing the Shaker anthem 'Simple Gifts'. only thing that was not listed in the program it was Hepburn's sudden reproduction of "Moon River" on the fire escape of "Breakfast at Tiffany's," and that brought a lot of excitement and some real tears in the congregation. <br /> <br /> A great lady who was once a good actress (as in 'The Nun's Story') and one of the greatest and most beautiful movie stars in many films of the 50s and 60s that have become truly bad - this does not it's all that common. And perhaps it is only a great human being who, in doing things as trivial presentations, has the greatness of the mind of wanting to have the flaws pointed out ruthlessly - which all his work in the movies contained in abundance. Most of the talk about Hepburn's miscellany is about "My beautiful lady." But what the original actress should have had was "Wait Until Dark," starring Lee Remick on Broadway. Never as celebrated as Hepburn, she was a better actress in many ways (Hepburn was completely incapable of interpreting anything really sordid), though Hepburn was at least adequate enough in that part. After that, his whole performance was down.
