I do not know why, but I thought I saw this movie before. Maybe it was the name, maybe it was the way the poster looked, I do not know. Anyway, it was pretty promising at first. And even throughout the performance, there were some brilliant moments. Maybe it's because I'm not a big fan of horrors, and I do not watch them much, but this one actually looked fresh at times. But the rest is not so good. Laughable at times. The movie is slow, sometimes you will get so bored you will forget what the story was. Characters are not great either. All of them. The butcher is fine, he looks weird and crazy enough. Although I did not get what those weird things were in his chest (that whole scene looked fake and kind of out of the blue), and why was he collecting those in jars at home? The main lead is simple. Your character is really hard to believe and very underdeveloped. But I think this is the scenarists' fault. How did he cry when he was taking pictures of his girlfriend? The side cast is also bad. But the main thing I hated in this movie was the girl. My God, when will women in horror movies have any brains? It's ridiculous. The girl discovers that a maniac has taken her boyfriend camera, tries to go to the police, that fails, and then she thinks of the best idea of ​​all time. Why do not we just go and get it! I know where the maniac lives! Yes! That's great! And then look for the camera in the bathroom! Why not? And then walk in the room, see a bag that was not there before, and just take a look inside. Maybe the camera is there? It is not there. But many interesting things. Bright. Mmmm Realizing that the bag means that the butcher has returned is very difficult for the tiny brain. Then, of course, the endless trick "falling while fleeing," which really made it look bad. So, to put the final nail in the character at the end of the movie, she gets into the carriage full of corpses hanging from her feet, shouts "Noooo" as if she had just ripped her Gucci bag and got into the wagon. Jeez. Let's go. No one else thinks it's fair, well, stupid? Simply horrible. If her character was not so bad, maybe the movie would get another star or two of me. And I would even forgive MMT characters who can take a blow to the head with a steel hammer (that guy on the train that the maestro killed), butcher vests that can protect from bullets, strange-looking and cheap monsters at the end (I do not read the novel by Clive Barkers, then I have no idea where these monsters came from), the fact that no one cared that hundreds (judging the skeletons in the dungeon) disappear into the city, and the main character who did not bleed to death when he ripped out his tongue (he barely noticed, I think). Oh, and the foreseeable end. Damn, I knew the ending was kind of disappointing. The only reason I'm still giving some credit to the makers is that the movie in general looks better than most of the horrors I've seen in the last few months. The visual style is cool, some photos were really cool and good, which made the deaths look really brutal. (although the blood does not seem real at all) I think some people will like it, some, like me, will watch if there is nothing else to watch, some will hate it.
