I've heard and read many laudatory things about "Midnight Meat Train," which is based on a tale written by Clive Barker and supposedly the best adaptation of his work since the original "Hellraiser" he directed, but so far I can only express much feelings mixed about my viewing experience. The most appropriate term to summarize the entire film in just words is: nauseating! Violence is sadistic and extreme, which undoubtedly attracts young fanatic fanatics by terror, but it is also indescribably gratuitous and exploitative. Usually speaking, I'm very pro-violence, but at least it has some kind of purpose. The massacre? literally ?? described in "Midnight Meat Train" is exclusively to shock and repel viewers with weak nervous systems and easily disturb stomachs, and even this is not fully effective due to the use of digital computer effects. There are more deficiencies, some even greater than those that are useless, but perhaps I should focus on the good elements first. The basic concept is definitely promising and several sequences (such as the chase in the freezer room, for example) are literally dripping with a suspense and macabre atmosphere. Unfortunately, the rhythm is very uneven and the elaboration of the potentially fantastic plot is unnecessarily complicated. Presumably, processing a short story in a long-running feature film is responsible for the irregularities in the tempo, but I sincerely feel they could have done more with the outcome, as well as with the character played by Vinnie Jones. The plot features Leon, an aspiring photographer in New York, whose agent advises him to look for the truly threatening face of the city through sinister images. Leon then becomes obsessed with chasing after an introverted butcher who is always waiting for the midnight train. Leon is right, since the butcher turns out to be a relentless serial killer who literally crushes his victims with a big hammer, but the killer's motivations and behavior suggest that there is something much more substantial going on the rails at night. "Midnight Meat Train" takes place in naturally unstable places such as subway stations at night and animal slaughterhouses, and the film also benefits from good performances and a lot of completely disturbing images (such as corpses on meat hooks and carriages full of blood), but director Ryûhei Kitamura ("Versus", "Godzilla Final Wars") does not take full advantage of all of this. The ending leaves a lot of unanswered questions, and even if Clive Barker wanted to do that, I still think we deserve a slightly more enlightening ending. "Midnight Meat Train" is a somewhat intriguing and definitely astounding film, but not without standards. It is not intended for easily offended viewers, but perhaps people seeking coherence and clarity of plot should also leave it alone.
