I've heard a lot about this movie, with people writing me saying I should see it, since I'm a fan of extremely bloody and bloody movies. I have my hands almost immediately, but one thing or another has always kept me from watching - until now. I would have been better off if I had not remembered who I had even. <br /> <br /> This movie was atrocious. The worst thing is that it could have been a lot better than it actually was. I know it was a Clive Barker story and all, and no, I did not read that story, but it seems to me that if you have not, then you will be, like me, totally unaware and completely disappointed. > <br /> The film starts well enough - the actors are convincing, the story is interesting. The first scene is bloody - a great way to catch your eye. I thought the blood looked a little bad, but seeing it was the first scene I hoped to improve afterwards. I was wrong. <br /> <br /> The blood and the effects are so horrible, it was almost an insult to my intelligence to believe that, for example, someone could knock a person's head off with a meat hammer. WTF CGI Blood (did they even use ANY "real" blood?) My homemade material looks better than any other used in this movie!), Unbelievable acts of dismemberment (eyeballs arising only by being struck at the back of the head; clipped neatly - no one remembers that there are BONES all over the body ?!), very dark scenes (each scene has a strange yellow color or is hidden in the shadows) ... it gets worse and worse. I saw myself pointing error after error. There is just so much. Add this to the fact that what could and should have been a great serial killer movie turns into some demonic / supernatural / monster movie at the end ... no thanks! He should have been kept as a weird guy by massacring people on the subway - OK, with a conspiracy theory thrown at an overzealous photographer. Maybe they murder people and sell the meat through the meat plant? Plausible, doable ... and much better than the "real" story. This could and should have worked. Instead, he became a "creatures who live at the end of the old tunnel and everyone knows about it, but you, and unless you read the book, well ... you will never understand" fiasco. Tragic, what a horrible thing to do in a movie with so much potential. If you like fake blood and blood, you will love it. But if you have half a brain in your head then you will hate it completely. Stay far, far, far.
