Is this the same Kim Ki Duk who directed the poignant and enduring testimony of "Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter and Spring"? The same Kim Ki Duk who directed the exquisite and almost silent desire for "3 Iron"? The same Kim Ki Duk who dazzled us with the awesome tragedy of "The Coast Guard" and made us squirm over the ugliness of indifferent teenage prostitution before returning to its almost patented motive to allow all of us (characters and spectators) to experience the redemption. on "Samaritan Girl"? I just can not find it in this movie. <br /> <br /> Oh, of course, the motive of Kim's nature is still present. The film happens entirely on a lake surrounded by mountains and fishing floats resting placidly on the surface of calm waters. Yeah, it's Kim Ki Duk, fine. Kim even describes the film as "beautiful" in an interview included in the special features of the DVD. But I'm not sure what that means after seeing this putrescent presentation. <br /> <br /> What is beautiful about angry, dirty-mouth prostitutes, lascivious, violent and dirty-mouth fishers, a covetous, explicit, dumb merchant. animal torture, self-mutilation sequences and a rhythm that swings nauseatingly between bestial carnality and irrational brutality? These are the only elements of humanity that present themselves in this completely confusing and ultimately meaningless film. If it is based on a fable or if it is meant to be a parable or if it is meant to symbolize something greater, this reviewer is not familiar with the source material. It was favorably compared to Japanese director Takashi Miike's "Audition" (to Kim's satisfaction), but in addition to some incredibly good performances, especially with what they had to work for, the lead actors Seo Jung and Kim Yoo Suk, I find little reason to recommend this movie. I did not see Audition, but I doubt it would change my view of "The Isle" anyway. His violence is pornographic and insensibly sadistic. His sex is not pornographic, but without passion and masochism. Characters behave with an annoying impulse because there is no plot. His point is nonexistent or, I admit, lost amidst Korean cultural peculiarities that I can not understand. <br /> <br /> The only beauty is in cinematography, which is the classic Kim: stonecutting of ships encased in fog. slowly through a serene lake, mountainous terrain dominating the background and an imaginative and playful use of colors. Sometimes it seems that the viewers are locked in a big dressing room of Kim Ki Duk. Some touches, such as the mysterious and seductive merchant interpreted by Jung and the pleasantly odd use of motorcycles, are intriguing. But as a film, this effort is frankly confusing and, in the end, offensive to the senses, not necessarily to the sensibility. Kim is expected to leave this kind of film in the trash of his past, as we know he is capable of much more.
