As good a proclamation for republicanism as you are likely to see, "Mayerling" is a day-to-day history of the royal people in late-nineteenth-century Austria. During one of Europe's seemingly incessant internal turmoil, he worries about Emperor Franz Joseph. James Mason), his rebellious son, Crown Prince Rudolf (Omar Sharif), Empress (Miss Ava Gardner) and several lovers, secret police, spies, extravagantly uniformed paparazzi, gypsies, dancers, wives, soldiers, swans, horses and the bizarre innate network of European royalty at the time of Franz Joseph's Austro-Hungarian Empire. Filmed on what the old movie posters called "A Riot of Color," it resembles a costly but intellectually challenged production of "The Student Prince." Mr. James Mason, wearing a small white number, uses his all-purpose mittel-European accent whenever he remembers. I am a great admirer of him and I sincerely hope that the pay is compatible with the disgust he clearly felt for the character he was playing. Omar Sharif, who built a career based primarily on looking directly at the camera with his big brown eyes and looking soulfully, gives a monotonously stupid performance as his son, the Crown Prince. He is not totally convincing as a man who - in the movie at least a cut on the rock side of the Austrian aristocracy. With his well-tanned hair firmly in place, he graces and poses in increasingly improbable uniforms. As a rebel, he speaks, but visibly fails to walk, leaving a low button undone in one of his robes as far as his challenge. Unfortunately married, he falls in love with a commoner. "Forbidden Love" is one of the accolades of the film. As she is touched by the more unusual Miss Catherine Deneuve, he is barely pushing the envelope over there. Miss Deneuve has a profile to die for and we see a lot of it, particularly following the ballet. Now I love ballet as much as the next man, but this sequence seems to continue for an excessive period of time, a more cynical critic may consider it "fulfilled." Rudolf's mother, the Empress, is played by Miss Ava Gardner. She plays the good old American oooomph, making her a bit like "Auntie Mame", but it is made with undeniable style. Rudolf is certainly very much in love with his mother - me. I'm not going to put it any harder than that. The only thing worth watching is Mr. James Robertson Justice as Sir Lancelot Spratt - sorry, Edward, Prince of Wales. He is so wonderfully carefree with everything that is happening around him that it is a joy to contemplate. I waited in vain for him to ask Rudolf. the immortal question "What is the time of the hemorrhage?" I am not qualified to dispute the historical accuracy of "Mayerling," but, in my opinion, everything else about it is laughable. It's a Ruritaniana Buffa opera without the songs to send you home to the whistle of the theater.
