Despite having met people who are big fans of Noam Chomsky, or think he's a tired relic of the 1960s, I really had no opinion about the man except that I knew he gained fame as a linguist, although I could not elucidate his and that he was a liberal socialist with Marxist tendencies. So, stumbling over the DVD of the 2003 documentary Noam Chomsky: Rebel Without a Pause, In a Used Video Store, a movie that followed him on a 2002 tour to his book 9-11, I decided to take it, just so I could have a little knowledge about man the next time a person, pro or con, talked about him. Gladly that I received the film, my initial reaction to this annoying and poorly edited hagiography was, then, what is the problem? <br /> <br /> For a man with so many degrees, praised as 'the most important living intellectual', by the New York Times, according to the case of the DVD, there was certainly not much there, intellectually speaking. I know I would chew it up and spit it out in a debate, and I would not even want to see what William F. Buckley could do with it. Surely the whole movie seemed about Chomsky seeing conspiracies everywhere, and having bulging eyes nodded with disconcerting approval of the most stupid and outrageous things he said, instead of being in linguistics, then maybe that's the reason why it went so badly. . But again, if he is a linguist, and tops in his field, why in the world would anyone care what he has to say about anything outside his field of specialty? Worse yet are his acolytes, who seem to further isolate man from reality by promoting illusions that Chomsky is a target for the Zionist assassins. The little that I knew of Chomsky before watching this movie, I knew this: he was generally considered a man, and almost intellectually irrelevant, since the fall of the Soviet Empire. The film is so poorly structured, and without a narrative thread, it is difficult to separate the whole clutter. His wife, Carol, as an example, apparently gave an interview, which was cut and discarded anywhere in the film. She seems a woman good enough, but completely out of her element, responding to anything but the most basic questions about her life. The only interesting thing she says is that September 11th was a big deal for the Chomsky, as he has reaped a large sum of money in lecture fees ever since. <br /> It is not surprising that this type of film gives almost no biographical background. It is assumed that all spectators must know all the applause that this "great man" has. Chomsky is rarely interviewed one by one. Stylistically, there are no camera moves, no interesting edits, no signature touches, and most of the film is rambling by Chomsky, Chomsky's huzzahs filmed over this or that, and jaw-dropping and startled students staring at him as if he was immaterial, that is, when ragged coeds are not asking almost audible and ridiculously simplistic questions to him. This is really a bad filming made by director and editor Will Pascoe, who on the DVD's Filmmaker Statement, shows that he is more of an acyclic acyclic than Chomsky. Other than that, one of the safest signs that this is not an objective documentary, but mere agitprop, and a piece of agitprop vanity, is that not once Chomsky is shown struggling with an answer. He seems to be a source of knowledge that has no limits. Given that much of this film was filmed during Chomsky's lectures at McMaster University in Ontario, Canada, before the US invasion of Iraq in 2003. Much of what Chomsky says seems as remote as the stuff of was from the Vietnam War. Yes, he makes some good points here and there about the complicity of the American media before the war, but he accompanies them with sheer madness, for he does not seem to realize that most conspiracies are ad hoc, and are not wholly conspired by cabals. As an example, he says that the advertising industry is a Kabbalah that ruthlessly controls the population but does not say a word about the zombie population they let themselves be controlled. Likewise, he claims that the Trilateralists rule the world and that people's fear of crime is more a result of the cabal. Of course, this statement explains so thoroughly the centers of rape crisis and all the waste of time and money that district law firms consume. He also makes the absurd claim that Cuba has been a victim of terrorism for decades, when Castro and his company were his big sponsors in Latin America, Asia and Africa until the fall of the Soviet Union. I can only imagine that the UFO conspirators are just waiting for Chomsky to proclaim that the gray aliens set up impregnation centers mixing species in Idaho. In his mindless, gray-free world, Chomsky is frighteningly as dense as the members of Bushco, whom he denounces, are; especially because they do not claim to be intellectuals. In short, Chomsky is a man who lived in the past, in the head, in most matters, and out of his depth intellectually. Near the end of the film, he warns: "Be careful when you know that the intellectuals are fighters for justice," but you can only laugh, for the man apparently never knew a revolutionary person or an idea he did not like, however barbaric were. their crimes and anti-intellectuals. Please take a break before wasting your time and money on this silly and irrelevant DVD.
