DarkWolf tells the story of a young waitress named Josie (Samaire Armstrong) who led a very normal life until her friend Mary (Tippi Hedren) is killed by a Werewolf, you see werewolves existing in modern America and there is even a special organization inside of the police force to counter the threat of Wolverine led by Detective Steve Turley (Ryan Olosio) who has the difficult task of telling Josie that she is indeed a pure-blooded Werewolf and that the so-called Black Prince Werewolf (Kane Hodder) wants to mate with her and create a new breed of pureblood werewolves that will dominate the whole world, or something. It is understandable that Josie has difficulty believing, that is, until she sees the evidence with her own eyes. It's up to the police werewolf Steve save Josie, the day and the world ... Co-executive produced and directed Richard Friedman I found that DarkWolf was a lousy budget in a horror movie with digital camcorder that really did not do anything to me. Geoffrey Alan Holliday's script starts promising enough at a strip club with many naked breasts on the show and then there's a Werewolf attack that leaves someone spattered everywhere but after that decent opening sequence is very downhill. I'm afraid. For a start it's slow, it's monotonous, it's predictable and it's filled with highly annoying characters that come out with a lot of bad dialogs and do stupid things like when they have the opportunity to film the Werewolf they do not do, I have no idea why, but they prefer to just stay there instead. The script is dumb and can not be explained, why did Josie never become a Werewolf before? Is she really the only one? Why can not this 'black prince' find another female werewolf? There are also many other things that make little or no sense like an old book that seems very important, but is totally forgotten midway, but anyway you get the idea as a whole, the movie trails in a very linear way . fashion for a very predictable climatic confrontation that is nothing impressive to say the least. <br /> <br /> Director Friedman lights up the movie very well with brilliant neon, but this is new or original and does not really enhance the movie as a spectacle. Now let's talk about special effects or rather the lack of them because the effects in DarkWolf are far from special, Werewolf transformation is achieved using CGI and is among the ugliest CGI I've ever seen, seriously a Playstation would be embarrassed with these computers graphics. It's easily the worst werewolf transformation I've ever seen, An American Werewolf in London (1981) was made more than 25 years ago, but the special effects are literally light years ahead of the seen in DarkWolf, which says special effects over the years? The animatronic effects of the puppets are not much better, although there is at least something psychic on the screen. The blood can not stand long after a bloody opening kills a few bloodstains and many corpses, but not much more. There is a decent amount of female nudity if you like but do not get too excited because you still need to watch a horrible movie to see it. Worth it? <br /> <br /> Technically DarkWolf is well Beyond possibly the worst CGI effect of all time, it is reasonably well done and at least seems to have production values. Performance is what you would expect. <br /> <br /> DarkWolf is yet another low-budget piece of horror movies that populate the shelves of video stores and clog up the schedules of obscure cable TV stations. It was as bad as some, but it's like saying that going to the dentist is a little more fun than going to a funeral, although when all is said and done they're both horrible yet ...
