"Nacho Libre" (2006) <br /> <br /> Directed by: Jared Hess <br /> <br /> With: Jack Black, Ana de la Reguera, Héctor Jiménez and Darius Rose <br /> /> MPAA Rating: "PG-13" (for some raw action and raw humor, including dialogue) <br /> <br /> Say what you want about it (I know some people who despise you without end), but I always thought that "Napoleon Dynamite" was a funny movie - not the brightest brick on the wall, but a funny movie, though. Jack Black is also a very funny man - annoying at times, yes, and massively overrated by adolescent audiences who practically love him, but funny. Rarely has there been a Jack Black comedy that I did not like to some degree. So I was very happy to hear that Jared Hess, the writer and director of "Napoleon Dynamite," and Jack Black would be joining in a movie about a Spanish friar who becomes a fighter to save an orphanage. My only reservation was that the plot seemed a bit too thin. Unfortunately, my only reservation ended up being the fall of the entire movie. This plot, if it had been done as a skit in a show like "Saturday Night Live" or possibly "Mad TV", would have worked perfectly. Unfortunately, the plot is too thin over the approximate duration of an hour and a half and this playful comedy is flat. <br /> <br /> Nacho was raised in a Mexican monastery and became a devout man of the Lord. Feeling avoided throughout the monastery, Nacho (Black), now cook of the monastery, decides to follow his dreams to become a professional fighter. While the monastery's finances reach the lowest level of all time, Nacho decides to attend a wresting tournament so he can win the cash prize and provide good food for the monastery's orphanage. This plot looks so sweet and endearing. It looks like the perfect movie for Jack Black. See what he did with "School of Rock" after all. Well, to my chagrin, this plot is almost completely ruined by the offensive and rude humor that just takes the heart out of the movie. It's again Hollywood's way of showing that they think the teen audience will only understand fart jokes and stupid humor - of course, from what I know, maybe that's the general thinking of teenagers, since many seemed to like this movie. Watching an obese woman running like a mouse on the floor will certainly make people laugh, but do not expect to receive a prize for putting it in your movie. A seven-year-old could make up the same joke. <br /> <br /> The performances in "Nacho Libre" are really good. Jack Black proves once again that he is absolutely hilarious and that he can make even the most idiotic and useless lines of all time. Unfortunately, this movie was not enough for him. He gave her nothing to carry on and the only reason any of his jokes worked was because of him. I had never seen or heard of Ana de la Reguera before, but now I can say that not only is she very talented, but she is also one of the most beautiful women who has already graced my vision. She just clicked on the paper and it worked wonderfully well. Héctor Jiménez, who plays Nacho's bad partner, Skeleton, made me laugh all the time. He did a very good job and was very effective when he teamed with Jack Black. Darius Rose, who plays an orphan named Chancho, does not have many lines, but, what can I say, I just liked him. He was adorable. The rest of the cast did their job. It's unfortunate that they were wasted on such a sub-par movie. <br /> <br /> "Nacho Libre" simply does not work. His plot is stretched very thin. The heart of it all is stained by idiot humor and disgusting jokes that just do not work. I rarely laughed and if I did, it was because of Jack Black or another cast member. And that brings me to the positive side of "Nacho Libre": yes, the cast. This cast was just fine, for lack of a better word, they were connected. They all clicked, had great chemistry together and pumped as much life as possible into the flat script. After Jared Hess's "Napoleon Dynamite" kept me completely entertained throughout the film, I was surprised to see myself so often bored with "Nacho Libre". Something was lost here and I still have to understand what it was. All I know is that "Nacho Libre" is not a good movie and yet, because of its cast, it's completely useless. There's a small reason to watch, even if it's just to see Jack Black work. But if you're not a fan of Jack Black, avoid this movie like a plague. I like Black, but I finished with this movie and with this review. Final Thoughts: Yikes! This is Jared Hess's surprisingly disappointing follow-up to his hysterical "Napoleon Dynamite". Overall rating: 4/10 (C +)
