This excuse for a movie reminded me a lot of what I heard about "Gigli," which Ben and Jen failed earlier this summer. "The Order" was clearly edited to such an absurd degree that the scenes, instead of forming a cohesive and provocative film, seemed to be a collection of disconnected sequences that did little to convey any semblance of a unified plot. Now, I'm a fan of Heath Ledger ("10 Things I Hate About You", "A Knight's Tale" and particularly his supporting role in "Monster's Ball"), but my man needs to find himself a better agent. Continue to accept scripts like "The Order" and "Four Feathers" and he will be on the right track to forget the movie. <br /> <br /> Here are the problems I had with the movie. First, the director attempted to compensate for the inadequacies of his essential plot by introducing two other lines that apparently had little or nothing to do with, well, much of anything. Conspiracy plots involving the American trying to dominate the Vatican and the Black Pope, while slightly interesting, did nothing to reveal to the viewer anything about the main characters. Attempts to connect these segments together were pathetic, at best. Secondly, please do not insult the viewer's intelligence by inserting into the film clearly obligatory scenes. We had fabricated the anguish, the manufactured love, and the idiotically fabricated sex that looked like a Matrix Reloaded page with skull-numbing techno music. Instead of developing character, these elements seemed to be the cheap devices they clearly were, a discouraged attempt to put teenagers with popcorn in the seats. Third, and more importantly, this movie seemed to have an intriguing concept. We have scandal, we have religion and we have supernatural forces in action. Why, then, do we learn almost nothing about someone's past? We learned a little about Alex, but even he gives up the passion of the priesthood to sleep with a woman after two days, a woman who tried to kill him during an exorcism at some point in the past. And Alex is the most developed character, if you can call it that, throughout the movie. <br /> <br /> As the cliché goes nowadays, if you are going to see a movie this year, make sure it is not this one. There are about ten interesting minutes of the intolerable case of 101 minutes. The only thing that saved me was with a girl I really like. <br /> <br /> 1 out of 10. I'm disappointed. Archive this with strong potential, but blow it up on editing and misdirection. Heath my man, go back to the Monster's Ball-like appearances. They really fit in with you.
