The order begins in Rome, where the head of a special order of priests dealing with ghosts and demons named brother Dominic (Francesco Carnelutti) is found dead, cut to New York, where one of his order Alex Bernier (Heath Ledger) is contacted by Cardinal Driscoll (Peter Weller), who asks him to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding Dominic's death. Along with his girlfriend Mara Willims (Shannyn Sossamon) and fellow priest Thomas Garrett (Mark Addy) Alex travels to Italy to plunge into the death of his mentor, as the truth begins to emerge it seems that Dominic was a 'Sin Eater' someone who absorbed other sins and lived with their burden so that they could die in peace and that the Church was not happy with their activities. Alex must do what is right, even if that goes against what he believes ... Also know under the title The Sin Eater this German-American coproduction was written, produced and directed by Bian Helgeland & didn 'I really do not do much for myself if I'm honest and usually honest. Anyway, let's start with the mess of a script that has some correct ideas, but it's extremely predictable, excruciating and boring, really silly sometimes and takes itself too seriously. The whole concept is stupid, and while he thinks he's smart, it's such a cool twist that he ties everything up and brings the whole story. I thought it was the most obvious and lazy way to end things. There are the usual religious themes here, morality, sin, forgiveness, faith, belief, prophecy, blah, blah, blah, you know the kind of thing. Then there are the twists that are not hard to see, there is the abuse of power by high-ranking clerics, corruption, greed, evil, etc. you know the kind of ideal Hollywood clichés & themes that are reused every time you deal with the Church. The Order has nothing new to say, and as a serious piece of footage, it sucks. I'm not quite sure who The Order should appeal to, as a stubborn horror fan, I did not see much horror in that, since a thriller is less thrilling, since a mystery is very predictable and there's nothing here to actually hold or keep the interest and for some reason I can not understand that the IMDb also lists The Order as an action movie that is absurd as it is as exciting and action packed as the episode of Sesame Street (1969 - present) but that's what I think ... Director Helgeland does a good job, the film seems to have a very soft lighting scheme and everything looks a bit monotonous, gray and dull. For a horror film supposedly The Order is very light on scares or elements of terror, in fact, there is neither of them besides two evil boys who can turn into a flock of birds for no apparent reason, do not ask. Forget anything or violence, because there is nothing that is good, but it would have helped, at least, to make the Order a little watchable. According to the "Trivia" section of IMDb, the release date of The Order was delayed so that some of the special effects could be improved because they seemed unintentionally funny, all I can say is that, judging by the finished film, the effects must have been too bad to start with because they are not exactly brilliant as they are now. <br /> <br /> I was amazed to see that the Order had a budget of about $ 28,000,000 which is a hell of a lot of money and I just can not see where everything went beyond the production sets and design they are Good. The whole movie looks and feels very average and completely forgettable. The acting is good, although the fat irritant that seems to be some kind of commotion with dirty mouth annoys, a good actor like Peter Weller deserves something better than that. <br /> <br /> The Order, I prefer the title. The Death Eater actually does not really matter much, misses all the intended targets by the mile as proverbial as it worries me and it's a pretty monotonous way to waste 100 odd minutes of your life, so do not do it! Not recommended.
