Even if this movie was allegedly a joke in response to critics, it is still a horrible movie. If someone is going to commit to this kind of thing, at least make it a good joke ..... first, Jeroen Krabbe is, I think Gerard Depardieu of the poor ... of course I hate Gerard Depardieu even though he was very funny in the 'Iron Mask' three musketeers one. Otherwise, to me it's box-office poison and Jeroen Krabbe is worse than that. The poison of the poor man's box office ... in fact this is not fair to the economically underprivileged. If the '4th man' is a kind of criticism of the bourgeoisie ... what am I saying? it is not. Let's just say, hypothetically, if it was meant to be, it was not sharp enough. Satire is a tricky thing ... if it's not sharp enough, the viewer becomes the target of the joke ... I guess that's what happened. The story ends up being a lot of miserable and disgusting characters, without doing anything that anyone cares, and not in an interesting way too ... (for a more interesting and interesting application, see any movie by Luis Bunuel ... very sharp satire) <br /> <br /> [potential spoiler alert] <br /> <br /> Actually, the cemetery hole that the character of Jeroen Krabbé works so hard to get .... you get it matters? this is funny? since Mr. Voerhoven is supposed to be a good filmmaker, I'll give him the benefit of the doubt and assume it was a misanthropic joke that got out of hand ... though I suppose he did not choose Jeroen Krabbe. because he is the worst actor and every character he has played has been a pretentious bourgeois ass - except that he is incompetent in that. So this becomes a strange caricature. Do you think Mr. Voerhoven did it on purpose? and Jeroen Krabbe is the target of the joke too? I just do not see ...... So you understand the dilemma I face here, right? It's the worst movie ever, because he should be a good director. So there is some kind of dupery involved. I knew Patch Adams was horrible without even seeing it. Do not be fooled by the seductive packer of The 4th Man or the reputation of Mr. Voerhoven as a good director, etc.
