In the past days of the Catholic Church, a sin-eater was an individual who, through ritual, carried the sins of a person who was dying. Frequently, these people were excommunicated or similar individuals that the church would not absolve, denying them entrance into heaven. Sin-eaters were seen as blasphemers, circumventing the church's monopoly on redemption. Sex this a bit with some supernatural mojo evident, let the concept wander where it can, and you have "The Order", a film that combines anti-religious authoritarianism "Stigmata", "The X-Files" 'paranormal investigation Sexuality spirituality of "The Thorn Birds" in a strange mix that sometimes works. <br /> <br /> Alex (Heath Ledger) is a devious priest, one of the last members of the Order of the Carolingians, a heretical Semi Order of priests who seek knowledge and fight demons. When Alex's mentor is found dead in bizarre circumstances, Bishop Driscoll (Peter Weller) sends Alex to investigate. The others are Carolingian Thomas (Mark Addy) and Mara (Shannyn Sossman), who was subjected to one of Alex's exorcisms a year earlier. The three go to Rome to investigate and are dragged into a dark underworld of bizarre Catholic heresy, ominous prophecies, demonic intrusions, and a man claiming to be the last survivor of the Bell Eaters (Benno Furmann). <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Brian Helgeland (who worked with the same directors in the scattershot and medium "A Knight's Tale"), the film is strange and difficult to classify. He wants to be several things at once - supernatural suspense, religious intrigue, dramatic television pilot - and only ever succeeds in any of them. This is not helped by the slow pace or the fact that most actors seem to be somnambulating in their performances with occasional bursts of brilliance. Ledger, in particular, has a particularly impressive scene of desperation in a monochrome performance. Sossman, however, showed the same disconnected performance she gave in all of his films (most notably in "The Rules of Attraction"). The plot itself snakes between several different arcs of history, prompting you to wonder which is the main with each bow containing its share of red herrings. Large narrative gaps seem to be lost between scenes at times, which may be confusing for many, but this is also one of the film's saving graces. The structure of the film - coupled with the fact that there is never a truly clear antagonist until the end of the film - compels the viewer to analyze and reason at a time when most movies are obviously obvious about everything (except for this one). is a historical background on the Carolingians and the practice of eating sin, both explained in dry exposition). Even at the beginning of the film, character relations and story are inferred rather than explained. Combine this with on-site shooting and judicious use of special effects, and you have a supernatural old-world suspense with even the opening credits reminiscent of something from the late 70's / early 80's. <br /> < A brief mention here, too, for the subtle and organic score of David Torn, a combination of minimalist orchestration and exotic vocals in the style of Lisa Gerrard. A very good score that is evocative without being bombastic and exists in a very deceptive simplicity. A messy plot, a lack of purpose, and sometimes sleepy performances would often dance to a movie, but for some reason "The Order" remains watchable. Many people will be very discouraged by the film because of their strange sensibilities, and some may even get angry because they are forced to get involved in the higher functions of their brain to understand it. Still, the absolute intangibility of the movie will prevent it from being a commercial or critical success until the DVD, which I'm sure will be stocked with large amounts of deleted scenes. A movie recommended only for people who like to think while watching. 6 out of 10.
