The good friends of Webster's Dictionary define Logophobia as the "fear of words." I can only be logophobic. For no combination of words scares me more than when at the beginning of a movie, the credits contain the words 'Produced, Written and Directed by:', and are followed by the name of a single individual. Think about it. There are carpenters, electricians, and plumbers, but so few handiwork. Even the most experienced directors, such as Speilberg and Scorsese, rarely take control of their films. But there I was, all nested in my place in the theater, popcorn in hand and about to watch The Order when thrown at me like a fastball from Nolan Ryan, were the words "Produced, written and directed by Brian Helgeland." Wow!! Being a movie buff, I knew Brian Helgeland. As a writer, his filmography in the last 10 years would be graphically represented as the share price of a dot-com company in 1998. There were so many unpleasant theatrics (Assassins, The Postman, Conspiracy Theory), as there were critical and award-winning hits (LA Confidential, Mystic River). Did they seem to alternate? a good one, a bad one, so knowing that his last film, BloodWork, was one of the most wasted efforts in Clint Eastwood's career, I took a deep breath and hoped for the best. In retrospect, I should not have exhaled. <br /> <br /> The request is starring Heath Ledger (Helgeland's A Knights Tale) as Alex Bernier, a priest in an order known as Carolingians, who is summoned to Rome when a priest is killed under circumstances that Arch Bishop considers "curious." Meeting with Father Thomas (also of the Order and interpreted wonderfully by Mark Addy of Still Standings), they decided to gather the riddle left behind in the aftermath of the priest's untimely death. Complicated issues is a sub-plot involving Mara Sinclair (played by Shannyn Sossamon) who escaped from an institution that was the result of her attempts to kill Alex during an exorcism. Alex has feelings about Mara and for some reason, without the public's knowledge, they travel to Rome together. <br /> <br /> Nary a good night's sleep passes and Alex is confronted by William Eden (Benno Fürmann), who claims to be a centenary Sin Eater. A Scepter of Sins, as we are told, are those who eat the sins of an individual who is dying when the church does not, thus allowing entry into heaven. William, fortunately, is tired of a healing life and seeks out Alex to take his role and free him from his worldly duties. Alex is reluctant, but after the death of his new love Mara, Alex resorts to the Sinner's Rite to save her and the transformation is complete. Alex then looks for answers to his many questions while Father Thomas reveals the Vatican's plan behind the passage of authority to his fellow investigator. <br /> <br /> The Order is not a terrible movie, but it is terribly annoying. There were ridiculous special effects and no connection to any of the characters. Even in the most dramatic scene - Alex's entering Mara dying - is pale and bland and leaves us with no emotional response to the situation of the couple. Everyone seems to talk so low and without emotion that the film flat lines and smelling salts could have been administered to prevent me from trying to take a quick nap in the middle of the movie. <br /> <br /> So, Mr. Helgeland, I beg you not to try again. Share your vision with others and allow the more experienced to help direct you to directions that are not so narrow and selfish. Until then, there is nothing emanating that shows that you are capable of anything more than a reprehensible note. Two stars. <br /> <br />
