The screenwriter has barely tried to recreate the "exorcist" but put in some love story that makes you sick instead of keeping him involved. There is no substance throughout this film. It had the potential to be something special. but it blows up showing a bunch of people about things that no one cares about. Quite annoying, I wanted to get out of the theater when I saw this but the idiot movie tickets were expensive so I had to endure the sad torture that seemed to last forever Nothing in relevance connected from the screen back to what the characters were talking about. <br /> <br /> They use computer graphics here that instead of impressing me (as I intended, I hate CGI) just ruined the movie even more. Some people say that this movie was horrible in theaters because of how "thought-provoking" and "slow-paced-without-action-because it's a clever movie." What's so clever or thought-provoking when the story is basically about the handsome boy H and how Ledger as a priest who has a loving interest and disobeys his religion? It sounds like an uninspired concept. Oh, and there are some nonsense about the "sin eater" (movie originally titled "sin eater"). Lame concept, but the movie took the "sin eater" thing very seriously, making the film pathetic and delirious about how dark and intelligent it was. Yes, I know there were actually sin eaters in medieval times, but this movie sounds tacky. <br /> <br /> Nothing in the movie was executed correctly and I forgot why I bothered to see this movie. If you want horror movies that really have depth, watch Rosemary's Baby, The Tenant, Naked Blood, Society, Cannibal Holocaust, Pin, Exorcist, Omen or any of Romero's "Dead Trilogy" movies. The meaningless dialogue does not equate to people of intelligence, but fans of traditional films think (the same kind of person who thinks a ridiculous film as Hulk is a cinematic masterpiece). If you want a boring and boring horror, watch the Order. This movie makes the church look like a roller coaster.
