I'm kind of ripped off at DARK ANGEL. The film seems to be a "loving" tribute to the greatest pin-up ever - but there is so little real "content" that the film itself is virtually useless. I can not really see what the motivation or "point" of this film is - since there is very little biographical information provided in the narrative - so those who do not know much about Bettie will not know much more after watching DARK ANGEL as well ... < The film basically chronicles the last years of Bettie's career in modeling slavery. Almost the entire film is comprised of "re-enactments" of some of Bettie's most famous photos and loops. These scenarios occupy literally 75 percent of the movies at runtime, and pretty much do not provide information about Bettie as a person. The film touches briefly on their short, legitimate short-term pursuits, and their subsequent decision to leave the "business" and become religious - but all this is rather undercover in favor of showing long and prolonged scenes of reenactment. ... DARK ANGEL is not a horrible movie - there's just no substance in it. The other problem is that the actress who plays Bettie only looks like her in more distant footage - up close is a no-go. The other thing that irritated me, is that although Bettie has done several topless modeling sessions - the only nudity in the film was a short segment at a zoo during the final credits. The movie itself is of course extremely low budget, but does what it can be done in terms of limitations - so no complaints from me. The acting is quite wood and memorable from all involved. In fact - the most memorable thing about the whole movie for me, was to realize during the final credits that the actor who played the real name of Irving Klaw is Dukey Flyswatter. No joke - check the cast list. I can not say that I highly recommend this unless you are a true completist of Bettiefile and should own anything related to it. And if you are so bad - then you need to seek treatment ... 4/10
