This movie went bad beyond belief. I saw it during the 2004 San Francisco Film Festival. Before we started, the theater owner got up and told us how half of the audience had left the theater the night before, what happened to be their "world premiere ". I do not think anyone in the theater understood how bad the movie would be at that time. We all understood until the end. <br /> <br /> It is not a documentary, although it has been sold as one. Dark Angel was a bad biography and misapprehended homage to Bettie Paige, in which half of the film is actually just remakes of old films of Bettie Paige. The film has only 90 minutes and the content of those 90 minutes is insignificant, to say the least. One scene would start then someone would say "wow you so great Bettie, why do not we make another movie". this would be followed by 5 minutes of a remake of Bettie Paige that was almost as ridiculous as (and even more annoying than) the normal part of the movie. at the end of the movie, people laughed every time another remake of the Bettie Paige movie appeared. it was so ridiculous. I heard a lot of laughter in that theater, but people were not laughing with the filmmaker, they were laughing at the movie and its poor content and structure. This was easy to say, for the parts that laughed most were those that should be serious or revealing. <br /> <br /> I know movies are expensive. I have seen many independent films at a low cost, but somehow the cinematography and the quality of this film set it apart from anything else I have ever seen. The film seems to have been made for $ 12. The cuts, the graininess and the lack of a sultry plot made this a memorable experience. This movie does "Dude, Where's My Car?" look like citizen Kane. <br /> <br /> My friends and I left the theater feeling that we had just paid $ 8 to be tortured. The only redeeming part of the experience was that we had to laugh at the fact that someone had actually made this movie and thought it was good. Apparently, the night before, the night of the "world premiere," the director / screenwriter / producer was in the audience and had come to witness the people laughing and coming out in their movie. Bettie Paige's films were destroyed. They should destroy this movie too.
