One of the serious potential environmental costs of most mining operations is the pollution of downstream streams, rivers and lakes with excess sediment and toxins. One of the most serious examples in the 19th century of the United States of excessive river sedimentation was caused by hydraulic mining of gold hills on the sides of the Sacramento Valley from the 1850s to the 1880s. This process involved directing a high water jet pressure to the slope, causing the material to wash down where the gold could be separated from the gravel and sediment. The sediment was collected in a ditch or stream and most found the way to the Sacramento River or its tributaries. The sediment that remained in the river bed increased the likelihood of flooding in the agricultural fields and towns downstream and created permanent marshes in some areas. Some of the sediment spread through the agricultural fields, where it could cover a plantation or cover a more desirable soil or hamper the plowing. Thus the conflicting interests of the companies that used hydraulic mining and the downstream producers adversely affected by these operations are the subject of this nearly forgotten Warner 1938 colored film. <br /> <br /> First, we can ask why Warner decided to film this film in a rather poor Technicolor, a very rare treatment in 1938. A story about wheat farmers and prospectors does not seem to justify the expenses and difficulties of filming of color at this time. The answer seems to be the inordinate time of the film spent inside the house, with colorful clothes and extravagant adornments. So, we could ask why the colorless George Brent was chosen as the protagonist and last hero, to be combined with Olivia de Havilland. Among other things, this movie really needed a charismatic leader to carry it. Even the habitually colored Gabby Hayes, in his small role, seemed extraordinarily subdued. Unfortunately, I fell asleep in the face of the last, most dramatic part of the film. The part I saw spent a long time establishing a complicated set of relationships between many people at the cost of graphically portraying the baron's suffering of the chosen wheat and perhaps the people close to the city and their attempts to deal with their problems of flooding and sedimentation. He needed to be more like "The Good Earth," released just a year earlier. It just might have been appropriate for a charismatic leader like Errol Flynn. Finally, there is the question of the futile title. Certainly, Warner might have an attractive or more appropriate title. "Gold or Grain" is short and to the point. Incidentally, I understand that there is still a lot of gold in them, which is expected to be extracted by other means than hydraulic mining.
