When hordes of robots begin to attack large cities, who will stop the madman behind the attacks? Captain Sky !!! Jude Law plays Joe Sullivan, the ace of the airways, facing insurmountable difficulties along with his annoying ex-girlfriend Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) and ex-flight partner, Captain Franky Cook (Angelina Jolie). Captain Sky and the World of Tomorrow may seem like an exciting movie, but it's really boring and uninteresting. The length of the film is 106 minutes, but it seems much longer because there is no substance in this film. The visuals were great and the film did a good job on it. However, there is nothing to support these wonderful visuals. The film does not have a story and interesting characters make the thing more dull and unnecessary. I blame the director and writer Kerry Conran. He focuses a lot on the visual and spent little time in real history. The movie is like a girl with no personality, after some time it gets a bit bland and tiring. Captain Sky represents a beautiful girl with no personality. It is simply just another case of style over substance. <br /> <br /> The acting is surprisingly medium and this is not really their fault, since they had very little to work on. The main reason I watched this movie is because of Angelina Jolie. However, the publicity is quite misleading and she is only in the movie for about 30 minutes. His performance is surprisingly smooth as well. Jude Law does a good job, but you'd expect a lot more from him. Gwyneth Paltrow was just average, nothing special. Ling Bai's performance was the only one I really enjoyed. She does a great performance as the mysterious woman and she was the only interesting character throughout the movie. <br /> <br /> The film is not a complete failure. There were some "wow" and exciting scenes. There simply was not enough of them. The movie simply does not have that hook to really make it memorable. It was really very bland and was not very engaging at all. It's a shame that the film was not very good, because it had such a promising premise. In the end, Sky Captain is surprisingly below average and not worth watching. Overall Rating 4/10
