The Zeppelins exploding on the basis of "Sky Captain" by Jude Law present a suitable metaphor to describe how truly terrible this film is. First, let me tell you straight away that I sincerely doubt that Paramount will make any money from this movie. A coup d'état may become, but only because it is so remarkable for what it failed to achieve. I can see the studio field now. "Let's combine the German expressionism of 1920 and a 1940s adventure in the globetrotting with a modern action movie and use computer animation to dominate all the scenes! Wow, that will not be a success!" The Skycaptain pricks the viewer with his enormous excess. There are many fake blasts, not very convincing scenes of dog fighting and few real moments in which the characters are anything but painfully two-dimensional. After all, why bump and amaze with a floating aircraft when you can have three or five or a hundred? In addition, what could have been an innovative film combining computer-generated images and human actors in a stylized and intriguing setting will become largely unsuccessful because it does not meet the most important requirement of any movie using CGI. Quite simply, the graphics are incredibly poor. From the movement of the cars to the physics of the aircraft in the fighting, everything seems to be a bit wrong. I'm not picky here anyway. A child may notice that a car does not slide down the road like a maglev train (unless it's a Mercedes S500). And for those of you raising their voices in protest, shouting 'This is a stylized film, it should not be like reality', let me just say that. The Lord of the Rings set the standard for integrating real-life actors with CGI, Starship Troopers set the standard for ironic science fiction films, Rocketeer did a solid job reintroducing the 1920s in the Hollywood film portfolio, and Tim Burton Batman created a unique New York City / Gotham image that still needs to be repeated. Captain Sky falls so short of all these films, it is difficult for me to mention them in the same sentence. Besides, the acting is so bad it leaves me positively sick. So you have it. I spent $ 9 to see this movie and you get my review. I hope this can dissuade you all from making the same mistake as me.
