Captain Sky is possibly the best horrible movie I've seen in a long time. Filled with CG and incredible special effects, studded with a first-grade cast (Jude Law, Gwyneth Paltrow, Angelina Jolie and the infinitely nice Giovanni Ribisi) and running along with an overused story, but Indiana Jones-Esquire, this should have been a great movie to watch. <br /> <br /> 'Should be' the key term here, of course. <br /> <br /> Jude Law plays Joe, Sky Captain, with a dashing accent and lots of heart-kissing smiles, but you can not do something out of nothing, and even your irreverent deliveries and boy-good-looking they can not save the movie's stone dialogue. (If he had slapped Giovanni Ribisi on the back and said, "Good boy, Dex," I could have vomited all over the guy in front of me.) Gwyneth Paltrow, like Polly Perkins, is nothing short of what a nervous grid. His lamenting, non-sarcastic comments grow older in the first ten minutes of the film. Maybe she's worked so hard to play the stereotypical heroine of the 1930s comics - who knows? I expected more from her. An example of how a similar character was played (and played well) is in the late '90s movie "The Phantom," starring Kristy Swanson and Billy Zane. Rent the movie and you'll know what I mean. <br /> <br /> Giovanni Ribisi and Angelina Jolie were the film's saving graces. (Angelina Jolie was unbelievably hot on the eyepatch, I'll admit.) In just a few short scenes, the two actors managed to overcome the tired material and perform more fascinatingly than their dry, two-dimensional castmates. The storyline and steady progression of the story were old, boring and basically just a monotonous combination of all the good scenes from an action movie in the last thirty years. The pace is accelerated in the first half of the film, and the rhythm of a snail in the second, giving the audience enough time not only to guess the eventual conclusion of the film but also to find out who the key villain is. The pairing is pretty cliché, too - Polly Perkins and Sky Captain seemingly gather after several years of separation from a bitterly finished novel, and their story is not as charming and eclectic as it is annoying and uncomfortable. When they finally come to terms with their mutual feelings at the end of the movie, no one is surprised, and nobody cares as well. Admire the director for having appreciated Bai Ling enough to wear it on vinyl for the entire film, and also for the intriguing sepia tones that served as coloring throughout. But Sky Captain, despite having all the essentials to be a great movie, falls flat on the floor. Nor is it worth the $ 2.75 I paid to enter the theater.
