"Sky Captain" can be considered a homage to comics, barn adventures and movie series, but contains little of the magic of some of the best of these genres. One contributor says the film's enjoyment depends on whether or not you recognize the influences of the movies. I do not think that's true. The expectations of the films, fiction and serials for which "Captain" pay homage were totally different. Especially for those who experienced these entertainments when they were children. This film is almost completely devoid of the charm and magnetic attraction of those. Of course we know that the leads come in and out of the scratches, but there has to be some tension and drama. Toward the climax of "Captain" Law and Paltrow have ten minutes to avoid the catastrophe and by the time they reach five minutes they are walking not racing towards their goal. They take time out for long stares and unnecessary talk and the contemplation of a fallen enemy with 30 seconds to the tragedy. Of course, certain conventions are expected to be included, but a good director would have had some sense of urgency. <br /> <br /> It is not expected that movies like this necessarily "make sense". They are expected to be fun, exciting and have some sense of inner logic. "Captain" has almost none. Remember when Law and Paltrow are being pursued by the winged creatures and they reach a huge abyss that they cross through a wooden bridge? Well, how come they're perfectly safe from these creatures when they get to the other side? They can fly !!! The abyss itself does not mean anything to them. The bridge is unnecessary for them, so where is the escape? If the land on the other side of the abyss is 'forbidden' to flying creatures, the movie made no effort to let us know how, why or even if. <br /> <br /> I know that Paltrow and Law (both gave great performances in the past) were playing "guys", but both were pretty flat. Only Giovanni Ribisi (who showed great nuances here) and Angelina Jolie seemed to give some "strength" to their roles, though Omid Djalili seemed like he could have dealt a bit more if he had had the chance. He did a good job anyway considering how it was basically wasted. <br /> <br /> The film had a great visual, but there are many ways CGI distracts. CGI works best when it is used for fantasy, when it is used to create creatures that do not exist in nature or for scientific or magical performances. When it is used to replace natural sites, it disappoints. There is no real sense of wonder. A CGI mountain has nothing of awe or sense of reverence and foreboding that a real mountain does. I know the design of this film was quite deliberate and it was not necessarily to look real, but should not it feel that way? It just did not happen. <br /> <br /> As for the weak script and cliché ... homage is no excuse. Still, if the film had some emotions and a dramatic tension, it would still have been nice. "The Last Samurai" was as predictable as the days of the week and I'm not a fan of Tom Cruise but had everything that "Captain" no longer attracted the viewer into their world and made us accept their rules and way of being a way that "Sky Captain" definitely did not. <br /> <br /> I would like to see a similar approach to movies about comic heroes from the 1930s and '40s. The original (Jay Garrick) Flash or Green Lantern (Alan Scott) comes to mind as being ripe for such treatment . Perhaps the better, better known and fully realized characters these characters are for a much better movie. It would be difficult to be worse.
