In the wake of Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, the British film industry was swiftly flooded with bad gangster films in the late 1990s and early 2000s that seem even more desperate today than at that time. In one of the great cases of all-time swine pearls, Rancid Aluminum producers blatantly extended the quote "The best movie of the century" from a review for all the ads, omitting the rest of the sentence emphasizing that this was only because at the time of writing, it was the only movie released in 2000. Looking at it today, it's hard to imagine how it was done, putting together a cast that was briefly considered the cream of Cool Britannia's boys. Brigade Mags? Rhys Ifans, Sadie Frost, Nick Moran and Joseph Fiennes? but now merely a guarantee of turkey every time in a confused adaptation of a confused James Hawes novel. The fact that the storyline can never be explained may be related to the possibility that no one really knows what it is, or maybe just does not think it's important. Something to do with Ifans 'businessman being hired with the murderous Russian murderer of Steven Berkoff on a scheme of money laundering or investment (it is never clear why nobody asks) by Fiennes' crooked Irish accountant, who expects the Russians to kill off Ifans so he can take over his bankrupt company. Things get more and more confused and unexplained from then on, Ifans alternates between screaming about how terrible his life is while juggling the fertility clinic and sleeping with his secretary and the seductive Russian seducer of Tara Fitzgerald, Berkoff goes on to say "Bizniss "and" Francis Drake "and Fiennes have a decent Irish accent as proof that just because he played a great writer in Shakespeare in Love does not mean that he is a judge of good writing when it comes to movie scripts. When the most compelling performances come from Keith Allen and Dani Behr, you know that a movie is in trouble. With Poland replacing a Russia full of people with Polish accents and a strange note that turns from John Barry's pastiche to the music lounge for Ennio Morricone's spaghetti western on a stylophone budget, he completely fails the legal boundaries he is looking at and ends up in a curious overplotted, but almost plot less limbo itself, sitting there like a joke shop puppy dung.
