This movie was a real torture festival to sit on. His first mistake is to treat nuclear energy as a "bad thing" that hardly needs convincing the public. When he is inclined to argue, the participants give up badly ground facts; all that is missing is someone crying "when someone will think of children!". While watching this movie, I kept thinking "where did you hear that?" or "this can not be true" - yet little information has been stored by reliable sources. And to bless them, the "normal members" of the film faced more like ludistas than with people with some understanding of the pros and cons of nuclear energy; to be fair, this may be the filmmakers' fault, but equally fair, it's a condition shared by the movie's rock stars. <br /> <br /> As for the artists ......... .. Now some of these people are highly respected musicians whose music I liked, and I'm sure some of them really believed in this cause. But they all come across old, panting hippies, desperately looking for something to work on, now that the '60s have passed them by. Particularly embarrassing are Graham Nash and James Taylor. Nash seems to be trying too hard - it seems he can not believe the things that tell him (not that I blame him), but desperate to feel noticed and included. James Taylor does what has to be the most wimpiest protest anthem of all time, "Stand and Fight," in the most sickly and joyful way you can imagine. In fact, most performances are pretty bland when they're not being patronizing. No one seems concerned about this event, as if it really did not mean much to them. It is worth noting that the driving force behind this whole event seems to be John Hall, of the Orleans band, and responsible for some of the more impromptu MOR pop of the '70s. (Remember, if you dare, "Dance With Me "and" Still the One. ") It is worth noting, because this is symbolic of how the cause here fails to inspire any real passion in music. The cause is supposed to be life or death, but everyone dreams of their numbers as if they were playing Catskills. Except maybe Gil-Scott Heron - his "We Almost Lost Detroit" protest number is on the subject at least, but delivered with all the presumption of a schoolboy impressed by how "controversial" he is being. <br /> <br /> Only Bruce Springsteen's performance triggers a pulse; I've never been a big fan of the Boss, but he absolutely smokes, no doubt. Part of me thinks he was recorded separately, in another event, and edited in this movie to give to the public. Compared to the overall softness and air of self-satisfaction here, it is no wonder that Bruce was hailed as the savior of rock'n'roll. <br /> <br /> But even their performance is hampered by the recording of lifeless shows. I do not expect much flamboyant camera movement from a 1970s film, but the outlets are unnecessarily static, broken only by fractions of a second to the tonsils from a back-up. Now part of this may be because the artists are dead to begin with; and * maybe * filmmakers are more adept at filming documentaries than filming shows - but all you have to do is watch "Rust Never Sleeps" or "The Last Waltz" to see a movie like that done with more skill. And with more exciting musicians. <br /> <br /> So, really, there are only two things to watch this movie: Springsteen's stellar performance and a sad summary about a declining counter-culture.
