This is a direct sequel to 'The Mummy's Hand' (1940) because the main character, Stephen Banning (played by Dick Foran) is now thirty years older and is reporting the story (with the help of filming footage) to the groom of your son. . There are only two unusual aspects in the film: the premature death of Banning and the presence of Turhan Bey. Lon Chaney as the mummy Kharis gets the highest billing, although given the nature of his role, he has little more to do than limp or shake his arms. There's nothing scary about him except for his attempt to get the fiancé, Isobel (Elyse Knox). Dick Foran comes in second, but he is dead in the first fifteen minutes! We would have to wait until 'Psycho' (1960) when a main character (Janet Leigh) dies long before the end of the movie! Banning's friend from the first film, Babe Jenson (now Henson), appears a little later, looking much, much, much older and doing none of the comic tricks he did in the original. It's hard to believe it's the same actor! Unfortunately, this great acting job is wasted because he is killed by Kharis after only two brief scenes. It is then left to Banning's son, John (played by small player John Hubbard) to lead the graveyard chase - NO! The sheriff takes a torch to Banning's house to burn it and kill the mummy. Universally familiar sound? <br /> <br /> Turhan Bey is introduced to the public as the new High Priest, Mehmet Bey, to care for and feed the tana leaves to Kharis. In his "exotic" voice and appearance, it is a shame that he is easily killed. A better movie would have made "Babe" take Von Helsing's kind of thing by tracking down the mummy, with a final decisive battle with him and Mehmet Bay. But instead we have a pedestrian recount of different scenes from previous horror films of Universal, reunited by the hacker Griffin Jay, who wrote many of the other clunks of Universal, although also had "Don Winslow of the Navy" (1942) and also "Coast Guard Don Winslow (1943), that also counted on Elyse Knox. Elyse Knox played Anne Howe in six films by Joe Palooka (1946-1949), and of course Turhan Bey, with 43 films and TV credits, is great in the title role of 'The Amazing Dr. X '(1948). Cinematography is much darker and more atmospheric (with many shades noirish in the sheriff's office) than the first mummy film' Kharis', but there is little more interest or emotion. <br /> <br /> I'll give you a 3.
