This extremely weak Australian excuse for a movie is like the Pavlov Dog Experiment among horror films. Do you remember this famous "Conditioning Reflex" experiment from your schoolbooks, right? The Russian scientist Pavlov proved that dogs tended to salivate before the food actually entered their mouths and this through repetitive routines that stimulated the animal's reflexes. Pavlov rang the bell a few moments before the food was delivered to the dog, and after a while he became anxious and excited and began to salivate at the sound of the bell. What the heck has all this boring explanation in common with a scrawny and low budget Aussie slasher movie, I hear you think? Well, the modus operandi of the maniac killer of "Nightmares" is an exact variant of Pavlov's experiment. Each of the murder sequences is preceded by the raw sound and the image of the killer breaking a window because he insists on using a sharp piece of glass to slice the victims. So that means that after a short time, heedless, bored viewers can afford to doze off and simply look up again when they hear the sound of glass breaking. That way, they still do not miss anything special! <br /> <br /> As for the quality of "Nightmares" as a film, I can be very brief. This is an inexpensive, uninspired, and largely imbecile Australian cash-in in the contemporary popular trend of American horror movies. In the early 1960s, a four-year-old witnessed his mother's cruel death when her throat opened in an unpleasant car crash. Twenty years later, the same girl? Helen Selleck? is a successful actress, but she still has serious mental problems and regularly suffers from horrific flashbacks and traumatic nightmares. She auditioned for a role in a black comedy about death and received the role. Soon after the grand debut, everyone who is involved remotely with production is slaughtered. It really slows down how this movie tries to keep the mystery about the identity and motivations of the killer even though even the most childish viewer can already discover it after the first murder. I do not think I've ever seen a more obvious whodunit than "Nightmares" and the creators should have just shown their face immediately and saved themselves from embarrassment. The murders are explicit and very bloody and there is also a lot of gratuitous and unhealthy nudity to "enjoy". However, production figures are poor and therefore the film is never shocking or provocative. The few clips that we can see of the real game make it seem like it might be the worst thing ever on the stage. The only positive elements in the film are the characters of the director and critic of a gay newspaper, who are delightfully sarcastic and insult the rest of the cast members as much as we do. "Nightmares" is a terrifying horror movie explorer exploit, but at least I gave you a golden hint to make it more digestible.
