Cheap, mediocre sequel to the hit "The Mummy's Hand" it is presumed that the evil teacher Andoheb (George Zucco) prepares his predecessor Mehemet Bey (Turhan Bey) for the pursuit of revenge abroad for America using Kharis mummy (Lon Chaney, Any stunt double could do the same reliable work by dragging and strangling the victims) in order to kill the surviving members of the Banning family, whose patriarch Stephen (Dick Foran) and assistant Babe Hanson (Wallace Ford) recovered the mummified corpse of Princess Ananka from her tomb in Egypt ... Anndoheb considers this a strange act of desecration and wants the family to suffer for doing such a horrible act with an ancient Egyptian custom. Bey and mummy Kharis find a good refuge in a graveyard where the High Priest of Karnak can work as a janitor in disguise. All Full Moon, Bey will feed Kharis a form of liquid derived from various leaves of Tana that will keep him not only alive but subservient to the wishes of his master. Bey commands Kharis to kill Stephen and his sister Jane (Mary Gordon), while also waiting for Babe to return to him to become victim number 3. Dr. John Banning (John Hubbard) plans to marry Isobel (Elyse Knox), but does not know that Bey secretly covets her fiancé making plans to kidnap her with the help of Kharis. John's life is in danger because of his father .. he is also the last remaining member of the prohibition line. If Bey has Isobel, there's no chance of more Bannings being born. The police must find Kharis and the one responsible for his carnage .. Bei. <br /> <br /> This film is a continuation of HAND set years later, as members of this film, Foran, Ford & Zucco all appear in "aging" make-up providing wrinkles showing the gaps in time as Andoheb has been preparing for the Bannings' deaths. The novel cornball of John and Isobel seems only in this plot, so that Bey will ruin the danger of his perfect plan, which was being successfully accomplished before he undressed. And Bey merely sees her playing with John on the grass ... all the junk "love at first sight" did not really wash me. Also, you have the mummy being able to kill people with an arm ... is any mummy really that powerful? This movie also uses a ton of footage from the previous movie to save money in this sequel. There really is not much history here and yes, typical of Universal's monster imagery, even in the United States a crowd of people will light up .. um hum..torres going after Kharis. You know how this is going to end ... John and the super-powerful Kharis will unite in a huge mansion with fire burning around them with the evil being swallowed up in flames.
