Set in a post-apocalyptic environment, the cyborgs led by the warlord Job control the human population. They basically keep them as cattle because they need fresh human blood to live. Nea and her brother managed to survive one of their attacks when she was a child, and years passed when she came face-to-face with the cyborgs again, but this time she was saved by the cyborg Gabriel who was created to destroy everything cyborgs . Job and his men are on their way to capture a largely populated city, while Nea (with vengeance of spirit) asks Gabriel to train her on the way to kill cyborgs and she will take him to Gabriel. Cheap post-apocalyptic cyborg rental / post-apocalyptic incursion by writer / director Albert Pyun (who did "Cyborg" before him and the "Nemsis" blitz the same year) is reasonably a misleading piece of junk with some interesting news. Very little structure makes its way into the threadbare story, as the turgid script is weak, tacky and exaggerated. The lead game tries to be witty, but it almost stinks and becomes comical in unintentional moments. Most of the actions that occur are quite foolish and routine. The material could have used another polish, for it was an inspired idea swallowed up by lazy inclusions, lacking a narrative, and an almost playful tone. The indefinite conclusion is very abrupt, especially since a sequence has not yet been made. It seems like he ran out of money, and said, "Time to pack. Let's end it another day (or maybe another decade)." There's no rush. " However, he found it quite amusing, thanks largely to his fast pace, some well-executed fights, and the sliding cinematography of George Mooradian, who beautifully captured the visually stunning scenery. Performances are fair. Kris Kristofferson's dry, austere personality works just as Gabriel and Kathy Long, self-confident and psychically capable, do acrobatics with skill and aggressiveness. However, its acting is very wood. An assault Lance Henriksen gives a mouth-watering performance of pure ham, as the villain leader Cyborg Job, who constantly has a collapse of saliva. Scott Paulin also shows great joy when one of the cyborgs and Gary Daniels has fun as one of them too. Pyun creates some exciting pieces of martial art, involving some flashy force and unnecessary slowness. Looking to the bottom is a scorching but mechanical soundtrack. Special effects and make-up FX are good enough. Watchable, but it is not a success and its minimal limitations may be a cause of this.
