I tuned this thing up one night on a cable channel a few minutes after the credits were released, so I did not know who had done it in the beginning. The more I saw, the more I began to think, "Jesus, this sounds like a Albert Pyun movie." I was not sure, for two main reasons: the photograph was very good (and Utah's desert landscape was beautiful), and Scott Paulin made a hilarious performance as Simon, a killer cyborg, but with some style and sense of humor. Paulin must have improvised the many clever headlines he shot, because Albert Pyun did not write anything even remotely funny or coherent in his career. Unfortunately, Paulin does not have so much time on the screen before he leaves, and the movie is worse because of it. Lance Henriksen, playing the evil head cyborg, snarls at his part, as he did in countless other films like this. I do not know what the hell Kris Kristofferson is doing in this thing; maybe he wanted to see what the Utah desert was like and get paid for it. He spends the film looking (and sounding) as if he has just woken up, and in fact spends most of the last half of the movie backwards in a tent. Kathy Long, the nominal heroine, has a great body, is attractive, has an excellent body, fights very well, has a great body and does not have an ounce of talent as an actor, but it does not matter in a movie like this. This being a movie by Albert Pyun, it is full of brands we all know and love: idiot and idiot dialogues, unstable editing and the impression that they lost a scroll in the middle of the picture and imagined: "Ah, how bad this movie is , however, is a tone above most of Pyun's other efforts - this is the "Citizen Kane" compared to his brain "Adrenaline": Feel the Rush, for example. The fights are very well done, if repetitive (after she knocks out eight or nine guys one after another, you see yourself saying, "Okay, go to something else"), and Long is very athletic (and like a previous poster noted, has a great derrière). It is not a good movie by any stretch of the imagination, but it is by no means as incoherent and incompetent as Pyun's usual extravagances. You could do worse than rent this movie - not much worse, granted, but worse yet.
