I'm usually a fan of Spike Lee. It takes some time to actually get into your mojo, but once you see the clear message and the ability to tell the story that's close to your heart, Lee is a genius. Unlike The 25th Hour or Bamboozled (two of my favorite movies of it), there was a clear story in this movie. I could understand the struggle between Washington and the choice to play well or be influenced by others, but for some strange reason, Lee was never able to get the real feel. Washington did a decent job with what was handed to him, but you could say this was not Lee's favorite movie. Lee not only directed this film but also wrote it. You could say. The work of the camera was horrible and the writing only contributed to the decay of the film. This movie was completing the cycle and would not be pretty. Lee was not 100% behind this movie as he was with Do the Right Thing. Of all the movies I saw direct from Lee, this was the brightest and most modest of his films. It was almost as if he were creating a Hollywood movie instead of one that was all of it. I do not know if he saw the money to do the right thing and ran with it, or what? but this movie did not show its true talent. <br /> <br /> For anyone who has seen this movie, and perhaps stopped watching anything directed by Spike Lee after that, I suggest you give it a second. chance. Do not get me wrong, I see exactly where you're coming from with this movie and why you'd like to leave it behind, but Lee grows. Your work becomes more proper, and you can see the transformation from a desire to make money just to want to make good movies. It took me a little while to watch the 25th Hour, but when I did, it was pure brilliance. Maybe they were the actors, maybe the story, but Lee made an incredible movie coming out of a man's journey into the unknown. I think that's what I hoped Mo 'Better Blues would become. This really somber journey into the life of a man who never really grew up, but instead, all I got was Denzel being Denzel. He is actually one of the most versatile actors of this generation, and I consider him the Sydney Poitier of cinema, but this was not the film to show his talent. <br /> <br /> Another problem I had with this movie was the use of Spike's sister, playing one of the love interests. I do not know about you and your family but I do not think I could have filmed a sex scene with my sister. I do not care who the actor is or how much money I'm getting paid, I would never do that. It's just something I never wanted to see, but apparently this is different for Spike. He went ahead and showed the whole naked image of his sister without any remorse. It was sad and even made me blush. Besides, I need someone to answer that. What was Flavor Flav doing with this movie? So, I'm sitting there on my couch, ready to start the movie, when suddenly there's a voice from the past spelling the studio that made this movie, then it recognizes itself. This did not build for a strong remainder of the story. Again, I felt that Lee was betting money on this movie instead of real talent. Maybe that's how he could pay Denzel and Wesley in the same movie without any blasting. <br /> <br /> There were two big scenes in this movie that were worth watching until the end. Do not get me wrong, this was a really bad movie, but there's always a diamond in every alley. The scene in which Bleek accidentally forgets with which woman he is mesmerizing. He kept pacing back and forth, weaving the truth into the confusion in a way that proved Lee was really behind the cameras. It was a visionary scene that was probably lost in the shuffle due to the remaining poor scenes. The other scene that was worth watching was the way Lee introduced and finished the film. Keeping the same pace and direction, he was able to bring this tragic character around a full circle and give him a chance to change his life. In addition to these two moments, the rest of the movie was pure junk, not worth seeing, unless you're about to go blind. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** out of orgasm
