Things get dull at first, in this jazz comedy written and directed by Spike Lee. Bleek Gilliam (Denzell Washington) is a jazz trumpeter who heads a quintet and puts them down there. The oppressed. His troubles include an incompetent manager, a saxophonist and two girlfriends with whom he plays musical mattress. The true love of his life, however, is his trumpet and his music. The band's manager, Giant, has a dangerous gambling problem and proves to be an ineffective negotiator with greedy club owners and would be better thrown out, but Bleek stays true for as long as possible. He will prove his ruin as an artist, but ironically contribute to his growth as a man. <br /> <br /> Like Bleek, Denzell Washington is all wrong as the ambitious trumpeter with a baby on each arm. He is a very sweet guy to be so focused on his art, dispensing patience and love to those close to him with a low detachment. He just does not have the fire. Wesley Snipes, who plays Henderson the saxophonist, would have been far more suitable for the role, but even he would have to disprove the flabby bits of Lee's tragic dialogues. As a giant, Lee hits the trifecta with an abysmal performance to match his writing and direction. Vaguely trying to mirror the imbecile but nice Ratso Rizzo to Bleek's Joe Buck, he takes a bluff and by the time "I'm walking here" from Midnight Cowboy. In that case, you want the cab to hit you and kill you. <br /> <br /> Lee's script is a tepid discussion, heavy insults and veiled insult with some awkward editorials that Lee needs to inject to stay. low. The scenes between backstage and rehearsal band members are sparking and are only overcome in dizziness by Bleek and Giant conversations that look improvised and go in circles. Completing this farce is Lee's pretentious visual style. Images, zooms, and tracking pans are wasted and meaningless to the scenes. They just wander. <br /> <br /> Blues is Lee's love letter to jazz (made implied by the mountains of memorabilia emasculated throughout the setting) and it's a whole sentimental trap that has no passion and enthusiasm. The Jazz on film is best served by Tavernier's "Round Midnight" and Eastwood's "Bird" that rise to the surface, reveal more sides of the form, the pain behind it, and offer infinitely superior leadership performances from Forrest Whitaker and true Dexter Gordon This Spike Lee joint does not even offer a slight hum. They are some very bad ones at home.
