An allegation of aggravated sexual assault, along with a few other nasty peccadilloes, including the misuse of a broom, is made against a half-dozen more popular high school athletes in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, by a "mildly retarded" student. (Heather Matarazzo) The investigation and construction of the case is handed over to the DA's office, where Ally Sheedy and Eric Stoltz are in charge. <br /> <br /> Rumors about the case spread through Glen Ridge, a suburban middle-class neighborhood. where athletes are worshiped by everyone in the community. (One of his parents is a lieutenant of the police.) Nobody believes in Matarazzo. "Our boys would never take a bitch like that to the basement, rape her and subject her to such sexual humiliation." The question is whether Sheedy and Stoltz will be able to form a case convincing enough to lead athletes to trial. Matarazzo is not an ideal author. She is desperate for love and friendship, and this makes it easier for false friends to induce her to make false statements. A slimy reporter says, "You can trust me," but it turns out the reporter can not trust anything. Another student, a very popular girl at school, pulls a Linda Tripp to Matarazzo, pretending to be her mate, but all the time asking her questions about the incident - and recording the results! As a consequence, watching this story is like being on a roller coaster. At first it sounds like a good case to Sheedy and Stoltz. But then, oops, the community organizes itself against the law. Then it feels good again. But then the reporter interferes. So that obstacle is not overcome sooner than Linda Tripp puts her big nose into the investigation and makes public the tapes that seem to indicate that Matarazzo was lying. (Well, actually she was lying - but she was lying to the interrogator to please her.) So that is overcome, but Matarazzo opposes taking the position because she does not want to be characterized as "retarded." Eric Stoltz is well on the promoter's side. I say this for the simple reason that he and I lived in Pago Pago at the same time. (I hope he was not the kid I had at the Seaside Club bar.) If he did, I'll take my compliment back.) Ally Sheedy is a strange and difficult actress to characterize. She did a wonderful self-contained work on "Fine Art," but I felt no particular effort being put into this role, which was quite stereotypical anyway. I mean, neither she nor Stoltz, nor anyone else, could give a brave performance in what is essentially a comic book story. <br /> <br /> The producers and the director had the good sense to choose Heather Matarazzo for the role of victim. The worst thing they could have done was cast an ethereal blond and lovely and neotenic. Instead, Matarazzo, without being ugly, seems quite simple and this ordinary quality is complemented by his appearance and makeup. Nor did the writers make her melancholy and gentle. She has a temperament and is sometimes annoying to listen, which is all for good. <br /> <br /> The character of Matarazzo is the best drawn in the film. Athletes are stereotypes. Pure evil. They are above the law, they go to a party of pretty girls in East Orange, they destroy the place during a party much worse than the climatic orgy of "La Dolce Vita", and leave without explanation or apology. They deserve to be around the neck - and they do. <br /> <br /> I referred to this as a comic book and it is much more than that. It does not challenge any of our prejudices. It reaffirms the belief that the world can be divided into good and evil. And we have no doubts about who is who. What I'm hoping for - it's not really, it's just rhetorical - it's a film almost exactly like this and a dozen others, but where the victim is lying to get her name and photo in the newspapers and get all those sympathy arise from people who think correctly like the rest of us. <br /> <br /> The film is based on a true story, as well as so many others we have all seen, and even more fictional features. (Eg, "The Accused".) Some are good, some are strictly routine. OK. Fair. Now, when we see a movie about the Tawana Brawley affair, in which the teen disappeared on a whim for a few days, then her friends stripped her, tied her up and tainted her with dirt, so she could claim that she had been kidnapped and raped by the police? Now that would be a challenge in a way that simply is not.
