There are two groups of people ... those who love every Fellini movie they see and normal people. While admitting that I really enjoyed some of his films, I can also honestly say that I can not stand some of them. My opinion, by the way, is not just an automatic reaction - I've seen most of Fellini's films and I've also seen many movies from the world's most famous directors. With that in mind, I feel that the most overrated and annoying directors can be both Godard and Fellini. Both delighted in the bizarre and often undisputed and still received praise from the critics and the "intelligentsia," while the common person would never attend some of his films. Heck, even a person who loves international cinema would usually be left out when watching some of these movies. So since only a small group actually watches their films and they are already predisposed to see the directors as geniuses, it is not surprising that their films are so lauded - it's like a cult! If you do not believe me, think of many of Godard's films, like FIRST NAME CARMEN or ALPHAVILLE, ... or about FELLINI SATYRICON or JULIET OF THE SPIRITS? These films are full of boredom, strangeness and incomprehensibility. Now I'm not saying that a movie can not be strange (after all I love the KATAKURIS HAPPINESS and the SHAOLIN SOCCER), but it must be watchable! <br /> <br /> Now let's go to this movie. Somehow, Fellini was able to make a story about a completely annoying and boring sexually compulsive man. This is no small task - it took a lot of work to make this so inaccessible. Instead of cheap sexual thrills, the sex acts are choreographed silly and annoying, while Casanova's character is buried under so much makeup and prosthetics that Donald Sutherland looks like a ghoul. I know that part of it must have been Fellini's intention, but many viewers will be completely bored with this sterile performance - especially since Sutherland's lines are all poorly dubbed in Italian and so he does not even look or look like himself! Unfortunately, when the film is not wrapped up in these boring sexual adventures, there really is nothing left to watch. <br /> <br /> An interesting note about the first sexual achievement shown in this annoying movie is that the actress looks incredibly like a younger version of Fellini's wife, Giulietta Masina. Whereas, in addition, in previous decades, Fellini had Masina play characters like a prostitute and a horribly abused woman, it seems that he may have really hated his wife and have it represented on screen. I read a little about them and about their stormy relationship and this also seems to confirm this. This is the only aspect of this turgid film that I found interesting. Do not say I did not warn you!
