As Danish, I am proud of the handful of good Danish films that have been produced in recent years. It is a shame, however, that this wave of quality has led most Danish film critics to lose their sense of criticism. In fact, it has become so bad that I no longer trust any criticism of Danish films and as a result I stopped seeing them in theaters. <br /> <br /> I know it's wrong to sustain this unfortunate development against any movie. a movie, then let me point out that "Villa Paranoia" would be a terrible movie under any circumstances. The fact that I was exalted by the critics just added fuel to my campfire of disillusionment with Danish cinema. Also, waiting until it came out on DVD was very little help against the unshakable feeling of having wasted time and money. <br /> <br /> Erik Clausen is a talented director with a knack for social realism in Copenhagen. I particularly liked "De Frigjorte" (1993). As an actor, he is usually funny, although he usually performs the same role in all his films, namely that of a working-class goofy man who is under his luck, partly because he is a goofball, but mainly because of society and redeems itself. doing something good for your community. <br /> <br /> This is the number one problem in "Villa Paranoia"; Clausen presents himself as a chicken farmer, which is a break from the norm that he can never make it credible. <br /> <br /> It is much worse, however, that the film has to make twists and break all the rules of how to tell a story to make the public understand what is happening. For example, the film begins with a very sad attempt to visualize the near-death experience of the main character with the use of low budget effects and poor camera work. After that, the character tells his best friend that he suddenly felt the urge to throw himself off a bridge. This is symptomatic of the whole film; there is little or no motivation for the characters' actions, and Clausen resorts to the lowest form of communicating whatever motivation there is: counting instead of showing. So at one point, you have a character talking aloud to a supposedly catatonic person about the way he feels, because the script would not allow him to represent his feelings; and later, the locution is abruptly introduced, quite possibly as a late reflection, to convey feelings that would otherwise remain unknown to the public due to the director's ineptitude. Fortunately, at this point you've been around for an hour caring for any of the characters, let alone the so called history. The acting, which has often been a problem in Clausen's films, can be summed up in a sad statement: Søren Westerberg Bentsen, whose only other pretense to stardom was as Big Brother's competitor, is not worse than several of the actors announced in the cast. <br /> I give it a 2-out-of-10 rating.
