Six GIs, about to be sent home and dismissed, get drunk and enter a worship meeting in Asia. Surrounded by hooded figures, two male dancers pretend to have a fight. Behind them, on an altar, a woven basket opens and a painted figure emerges and begins to imitate a snake, finally biting one of the dancers around the neck. The snake imitation is dressed in a scalding pantyhose. (This is definitely a female snake imitation.) The cult member who took them sneakily to the secret meeting repeatedly warned the six men that the ceremonies should not be interrupted and definitely no photo should be taken or else it will be hunted. down and dead. Of course, the soldiers take a flash photo, send the members of the cult into a furious hysteria, steal the basket containing the "snake" and flee with it for the Asian night. <br /> <br /> One of the guys, the most offensive and sarcastic, dies of a snakebite in the neck, though no one can explain how the snake entered his hospital room. Back in New York, it all seems like a very old news as the high men settle down in their civil lives, still maintaining their bond with each other. His works range from bowling manager (David Janssen) to graduate research student (Richard Long). James Dobson, Jack Kelly and Marshall Thompson are also part of the neighborhood. Richard Long has a beautiful blonde girlfriend. Kelly is a rather reckless woman. But they all get along well enough and everyone looks happy. <br /> <br /> Then appears a mysterious and somber woman (Faith Domergue) and Marshall Thompson likes her and insinuates the group. <br /> <br /> Guess what happens. First, Janssen is terrified by a shadow in the back seat and dies in a car accident. So Kelly gets a visit from Domergue. Something so scares him that he falls out the window and dies in the autumn on the sidewalk. Long and Dobson begin to suspect what the viewer already knows-that Domergue had something to do with the deaths. They also think that maybe she's turning into a snake, which is the case. Dobson confronts her with her suspicions and she proves her point of view. By this time, Long and Thompson are exhausted, particularly Thompson, who is in love with Domergue and has discovered that she is also attracted to him. , although he must explain to her what "love" is. Does not matter. A reckless final attack by the snake woman against Long's girlfriend - not one of the original six offenders - and Thompson must throw the snake out the window. On the sidewalk below, the body changes to Domergue. The end. <br /> <br /> I think I'm going to skip most of the questions that the storyline raises. I'll just mention one of the more prosaic in passing. Who paid for Domergue's passage from somewhere in Asia to New York? Who is paying their bills at the hotel? Who paid for your spectacular wardrobe? Why does she speak American English so well? What the hell is happening? The screenwriters and director clearly saw some of Val Lewton's modest horror films, and although there was not much effort in this production, they shamelessly stole some of Lewton's tricks. In Lewton's The Cat People, for example, the woman is turned into a black leopard, but with one small exception, the threat is always kept in the shadows and is even more frightening. Most transformations here also use shadows, but unlike Lewton, the shadows are clumsy and unambiguous. Lewton also made occasional use of what he called a "bus." Lewton's first "bus" was literal. A potential victim is running alone through the dark tunnels of Central Park with only the sound of footsteps. Something or someone is following her. It freezes with fear under a street lamp. Something stirs the branches of the bushes above her. She looks up. There is a shrill scream that makes your hair stand upright. It's a bus using its air brakes to stop by it. The producers have used at least two "buses" in this film and come to nothing. A guy is walking absentmindedly through a junction, for example, and there is the sudden noise of a truck that almost hits him. There is no setting for the photo. It's clogged with a shoe horn. <br /> <br /> I do not care much for films that perpetuate the stereotype of snakes as slimy, ugly, poisonous and phallic. In fact, no snakes are viscous, most are harmless and many are extraordinarily beautiful. In addition, they are more feminine than masculine in their sinuous movements and twisty approach to goals. Do you want a reptilian symbol of masculinity? Try a six-lane pilot. It is a very fast lizard. When he sees something to eat, he rushes and swallows. <br /> <br /> Anyway, if you want to see some scary low budget movies, do not worry about that one. Find "The Cat People" or one of Lewton's other little works, of which this is an obvious copy.
