Despite the seriousness of the subject and probably the filmmakers' good intentions in making a film addressing white supremacy, the inconsistencies of its main character, Bronson Green, aspiring New York actor have easily become fake, make it difficult to take history seriously . Green, who is constantly rejected by Los Angeles cast agents for being obsolete (ie New York when the '80s are looking for big, blond and idiots), he thinks success comes easily when he is willing to succumb in your image. Unfortunately, the new hair dye and pacified attitude of "surfer" give him an opportunity to work with the Church of Jericho, which subscribes to the teaching of the white supremacy of the Aryan nation. Green is willing to easily forget his past and, particularly, turn his back on his young black friend of ten to be the Church's new spokesman. This does not make sense, since our character is initially based on principles. It is this sudden and loose character change, along with an abrupt reversal back to the hardened, DeNiro-obsessed (as his character Taxi Driver) who is able to fight the villains. A noble attempt against the filmmakers, but ultimately reveals itself as something more than serious. The other characters are also very annoying and what we are forced to recognize in them comes very easily - the psychotic paranoia of the church leader, the self-interested actress girlfriend (the first girlfriend Bronson has when he is in Los Angeles), and the new blonde girlfriend who is character does not have much development, she is, for the most part, just a walk, talking empty. We should only see them in fleeting moments when something random forces us to make assumptions about the characters. But there is really little development of any of them. <br /> <br /> The other problem with this movie is the steep amount of time when the characters are involved in very little important action. Much of the beginning concerns the introduction of the characters, of course, and later we see Bronson's difficulties in invading the acting scene of L.A. and the frustrations that result from constant rejection. But after he voluntarily changes his appearance and personality to become accepted, there is at least a good twenty minutes to thirty minutes of wasted film in which nothing happens. <br /> <br /> For movies that seek to draw attention to the irrational fears behind racism, this has not been done with sufficient credibility.
