It is not obvious to see this film (so I recommend that viewers search the people who present their case), but this presentation on the realities of Islam and its encouragement of violence and intolerance against all non-Muslims is objectivity, and fails completely in factoring in the human condition. It is one thing to document that the Qur'an says many things about how a devout Muslim is asked to interact with non-Muslims, but any realist is able to realize that not every human being who feels like a follower of Islam agrees to and abide by all principles of this faith and system. There are reasons to question a lot about the presenters, such that viewers need to see the presentation with a healthy skepticism; do not swallow everything, hook, line and sink, without thinking of yourself. <br /> <br /> A specific, for example, is to research the person Walid Shoebat; who claims to be a former Muslim who perpetrated an act of terrorism in Bethlehem. There are many wise people in the world who believe in none of these statements. I am not nor have I ever been a Muslim. I never read the Quran. I am neither a Christian nor a member of any faith. But I am an intelligent and insightful human being. While the film is quite disturbing, in its presentation of how some Muslims see their obligation to Islam; I remind you that there is more to Islam than the visions of fundamentalists. Just as they are fundamentalist and evangelical Christians, there are also variations in the intensity of belief and obligation between Jews and Muslims. <br /> <br /> When you watch this movie, you need a salt shaker. hand. One grain will not be enough, you will need more. Please use your own mind and think for yourself, research what is presented and evaluate the state of the world and how Islam fits into it, based on more than what is said in 98 minutes of video. There is a common thread of political affiliation between those who put this film together, indicating a definite bias. Be your own brain.
