What happened in the production of this movie, so that ended up like the total mess that it is? Just a year after "The Breakfast Club," a brilliant film with many of the same actors as in "St. Elmo's Fire" (which by the way looked and acted in the latter more as if they were still the high school misadventures of the old mas without the control or discipline in portraying their roles. <br /> <br /> It was the direction or the writing <br /> <br /> Since it was the same person (Joel Schumacher) it should be both.But then Schumacher gave us "The ghost Batman and Robin "and" Batman Forever, "which go from good to great. Something went wrong in" StEF ", because has no genius, no comedy worth anything, and is far from the truth about what is truly valuable in life. Example: The character Wendy (a rich little girl with a heart to do the well and help the less fortunate played by Mare Winningham) reveals to Billy (an undisciplined scoundrel who betrays his wife and her girlfriends, she drinks a lot of uch and has no sense of order in her life appropriately played by Rob Lowe) that she is still a virgin. Billy really sees a challenge and a possible achievement, but Wendy "is not ready". Wendy, she's not really that ready, it's hard to believe she's in this clique of friends. Later in the story, when Billy, whose wife left him, took his son and married another, somehow took some of the ropes of their life together. Billy is going to New York, abandoning and abandoning all the parental responsibility of his little girl, he convinces Wendy that her virginity would be her perfect "farewell present" to him. And Wendy, who works as a social worker helping dismembered families, does not seem to be in any way phased by this despot. Give me some time. The only thing she can only give once, does she give to a loser who is leaving her family and friends? Schumacher frames this scene as a wonderful and moving moment. There are many other examples in which there is a complete disconnect between what is real and value being thrown into the sea and acts are made to look like a virtue. I suppose some might say that "it was the '80s," but I remember it was in the 1980s that men began to be blamed for the children they fathered in or out of a marriage. /> <br /> I think this movie is so bad because it is so out of sync with what is really valuable and right. <br /> <br /> As for technique (not history), it was terrible as well. It is disjointed and looks like a 3-hour movie that was edited for 1 hour and 40 minutes. Transitions and time jumps just do not make sense. Take what's on the floor of the editing room, put it back and the movie will probably flow much better ... but it's still a horrible movie. Maybe Schumacher has become a better and stronger director since 1986 (he must have), or maybe he got over his head when he wrote the screenplay for St Elmo's Fire, or maybe this group of actors took over the set and went their own way - that's what I really think happened.
