I'm probably going to get a lot of criticism for hating this movie - I do not think I approached it with the nostalgia of the generation before me. But suffice it to say that St Elmo's Fire was pretty scary, even when it comes to the Brat Pack movies. <br /> <br /> Here's another beautiful example of the smug and self-indulgent neurosis that is all 80s (RENT, anyone?) The plot is virtually nonexistent and the philosophies are kitchy at best, barely delivered the rest of the time. The complete lack of anything that looks like friendly characters does not help the situation. There was really no growth, no movement forward. Even the climactic suicide scene was effectively castrated, again refusing to leave death or anything like reality or adult life. Each cookie cutter figure simply makes you hate them in the most insidious, predictable way possible. The Stalker is an idiot for no discernible reason besides being a Stalker and Andie MacDowell is gorgeous. Jackass does everything in his power to constantly remind him that he is, well, an idiot. The Gorgeous Slut hides deep, deep pain with a wild lifestyle. The Poet moderates and dreams for about 3/4 of the film until he can reveal (!) That he is full of teddy bears, sun and rainbows. The Virgin finally becomes a happy and happy human being after receiving each Virgin's desire for a hot roll in the bag with a Jackass before he leaves her to actually change (for real this time). The Cheating Bastard cheats until it's time to get caught. And finally, the feminist comes out drinking holy water on any soul that expresses "commitment." <br /> <br /> Which brings me to my final flesh-what super-cement bond kept these people together as friends? I can not imagine being with just one of them - Now think of the vortex created by all that narcissism centered on a bar. And they were all so terrible with each other - heads in toilets, close to rape, and sleeping around with an eternity. The cherry was after two BFFs act like total baboons after having sex with the feminist, she's like, "Umm, I actually do not want to be with you two any more. Let's be friends!" And we can go out in a totally clumsy way every time. Knowing that I can connect with one or the other at any time, but none of you are satisfying enough to compromise (NOT THAT THE WORD!). "And everyone smiles as if to say," Gee, I never thought of it What a great idea! " <br /> <br /> It just is not. Kind of the way to watching this movie is not.
