Sam (Thomas Cavanagh) and Gray (Heather Graham) are devoted brothers who share an apartment and love many things - ballroom dancing, musicals from the 1940s and, to their surprise, an attractive woman named Charlie (Bridget Moynahan). Historically heterosexual, Gray is confused by his new feelings. <br /> <br /> Gray Matters proves to be one of the softest movies I've ever seen. It is monotonous, predictable, bland, misinterpreted and poorly written. Nothing seemed real and everything was very tacky. Also, this is not really a romantic comedy with a special twist, but more of a "coming out" movie. Sue Kramer tried to make the first half cute with the romantic stuff and the second half serious with the actual acceptance and exit. Unfortunately, she failed miserably. The first half was largely unsightly and only Heather Graham could handle it a little. So the film took a strange tone and became serious. Serious scenes were badly treated and all emotions seemed false. <br /> <br /> I think I would have liked the film more if the relationships between the characters seemed more authentic. The relationship between brother and sister was very weak and they did not seem so close. Their relationship did not seem very natural. Besides, the relationship between Tom and Bridget was very unnatural. If two people are getting married after only meeting for less than a week, then you'd expect to see a bit more excitement, but the characters talked about getting married in Vegas the same way they asked a waiter what the specials are. . There was a lack of enthusiasm in the film and it was difficult to get involved with the film with such unmotivated characters. <br /> <br /> The performance was weaker, which was a bit surprising, given the decent cast. Heather Graham gave the only good performance in the film. She was funny and had some lovely scenes, but it's a shame that all her co-stars were weak. Bridget Moynahan was very weak and her performance was false on all levels. Besides, it looked like she was reading your lines. Thomas Cavanagh was quite wooden and he almost showed no emotion. The chemistry between Thomas and Heather was non-existent and that hurt the film because their relationship was fake. I can usually count on Molly Shannon to be funny in a supporting role, but here she was just annoying. Sissy Spacek had about two scenes and she was annoying at both. Finally, Alan Cumming only had an embarrassing character and his performance was not very good. Overall, Gray Matters is a lame movie and not worth watching. Overall Rating 3/10
