I had to leave in this movie fifteen minutes from the end ... having gone through the stage of shivering and in sheer boredom. What really terrifies me, I mean, it really disturbs me, is that there are people referring to this meaningless talk as "pleasurable" or "unmissable." I would feel profoundly pious for those so distressed were it not for the clear impression that most of the positive comments about this superficial and humorless farce were written by factories in the industry. <br /> <br /> The truth is that this is a lame movie that does nothing to entertain or enlighten. It is decidedly bland, poorly scripted and has all the rhythm and energy of canned and cold rice pudding. To be kind to Mrs. Kramer, the best we can say is that it was a missed opportunity, for having read the synopsis before watching it, I expected something more challenging. Possible misinterpretations of intimate co-dependence between brothers and sisters, the unexpected awakening of "fraternal" sexuality and the comedic potential of such fraternal rivalry (by the affections of the same girl) were obvious subjects for refreshing comic renewal, but in each turn, the film dodges. <br /> <br /> Instead, the audience is subjected to a number of uninspired and insipidly elaborate situations, with cliché characterizations and dull performances from a cast fighting for belief and obviously in need of much tighter steering . The lack of steering control seems surprising; on the one hand, Moynahan, Cavanagh and Spacek give very pedestrian performances, while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon - especially the latter - tend to be overly embarrassed at times. One can blame the director for this - perhaps Sue Kramer hopes that if his actors act exaggeratedly, they will force a greater chuckle from the audience. But again, the cast is a veteran; <br /> <br /> Sue Kramer really needs to think carefully what kind of movies she wants to make, and to whom. Given the possible issues alluded to by Gray Matters, and given their inability or unwillingness to exploit them completely in the context of a comedy, perhaps he should consider writing dramas instead. I know it's never easy to make movies about women and women's issues, especially when you expect to reach a wider audience than women alone, but whatever direction they take, inconsequential and fragile characters like Gray will not cut the mustard .
