This is one of the worst movies I've seen this year. You should not see this movie, but if you insist on wasting your time, you should stop here, there are SPOILERS. Gray Matters is centered on Gray and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Only Gray and Sam are brother and sister; living together in everyone's eyes as a man and a woman. No sex, but almost everything else. At first, the film begins with the theme: "the most absurd thing at the most absurd moment with which you guessed the most absurd reactions." Gray and Sam decided to check out the dog park with a borrowed dog. Instead, push your brother to get the skinny with the first woman they see for him, she does it and also comes up with the essential issues. When she signals to her brother to come, they begin a three-way encounter. Is Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) the girl of your dreams, like all the right things, etc? Sam finally hits Gray on the head and the couple ends the date with a marriage proposal! That Charlie accepts! In a week, Charlie, Gray and Sam must be in Vegas. Next week, Charlie and Gray are shopping for wedding dresses (apparently Charlie has an impromptu figure). Gray is sucking an ice-cold latte when Charlie suggests that Gray tries on some dresses and chooses a ten-thousand-dollar dress for her. While Charlie shuts her up with this "pay-at-home" dress, Gray continues to take the latte (I swear it was like a sack of ration). What should happen, but 'woops!' latte on any dress. It is never explained how they left the Bloomingdale bridal hall with a $ 10,000 colored mocha dress. Back to reality' ?? Caesar Palace Las Vegas. They have the 'high roller room' (Sam is a resident surgeon and Charlie is an internal zoologist?) Did Gray get Sam to the twin room at the end of the hallway so she and Charlie can have a farewell maid-of-a-thon were, you guessed it - they kiss. Gray remembers everything; Charlie remembers nothing. They arrive at the wedding chapel and then when the Reverend arrives at his line "If there is anyone here who has any objection to the union of these two lovebirds," Gray gets the sobs. Gray apologizes, for some reason, the reverend should repeat his last line and queue again "hiccups." Gray returns to NY and begins dating any man she knows, literally. And of course one is you guessed it again! Gay The other is an idiot and the third is a taxi driver (Alan Cummings) called Gordy. He is in love with Gray, but the feelings are not returned. They become great friends. This is good because when she comes clean with Sam on the kiss. He explodes and expels her from the apartment. When Sam comes back to him, he goes to her office. Gray works in an advertising agency. This office is right in the middle of the twilight zone. It has cameras and microphones in every conference room that transmits to all the agency's computer monitors. Sam picks up Gray in one of the conference rooms for a not-so-private conversation and ends up hanging out with her for the whole office. That's where I doubt there was a gay or a lesbian in the crew: Gordy comes to her rescue and convinces her to go to a lesbian bar. 'Sorry no man,' says the security guard. Then Gray and Gordy return with Gordy in the drag. Bad drag He wore a sleeveless blouse, black satin, a pearl necklace, and a grandma's church hat. No lesbian would ever mistake this "man in a dress" as a drag queen, much less a woman. The bar was also the straight man's fantasy about what a lesbian bar is: full of Victoria's Secret models. Does everything get peachy? she goes home to the client of your company. Gray is in the woman's account and finally does more than kiss. For some reason, no one tells Charlie anything and she's unconscious for the whole movie of that kiss with Gray, but that's for the sequel.
