When you see a movie as silly as "Hot Rod", do you have to sit back, relax and change your intellectual capacity to a similar state? which is, in this case, a state ill-fated enough to support a brainless conversation that somehow was mistaken for comedy. With a short run time of 88 minutes, this movie went way beyond that and hid under a lot of repetitive jokes ?? jokes that came in a minority and were not even funny at first. The base material of the Hot Rod is as shallow and irrelevant as the 2004 cult hit 'Napoleon Dynamite', though it is much more artificial and comes without any of the laughter. In fact, the film's blatant despair at being compared to "Napoleon Dynamite" is scornful and offensive, and made me angry rather than just annoyed. <br /> <br /> The film, if someone is compelled to call it as such, presents an insignificant story that puts the self-proclaimed stuntman Rod Kimble before us, with the insignificant intention of jumping fifteen buses (one more that his idol Evel Knievel jumped, according to Rod) and raised $ 50,000 for him imminent cardiac operation of the life-saving stepfather; all so he can fight with his stepfather once recovered, and earn his respect? because in order to gain respect, we must first combat them. There is? Whatever. Each character is no more interesting than Rod's mustache, and from the opening joke of the movie to its ridiculous conclusion, each scene is interpreted as a nonsensical and terribly bland SNL skit. which, with the addition of another 85 minutes, is essentially what 'Hot Rod' strives to be. <br /> <br /> The movie's star, Andy Samberg, has contributed an effort to the screen that observed dribbling of his comedic abilities. Unfortunately ?? Yes, realistically? his humorous talents are no more admirable than a five-year-old recounting his own exhausted joke that somewhere includes innocently gross poop and pee jokes. And if that's disappointing, pull out a chair, hide your face in your hands and get ready for the real scam: it's the mood of the movie! To rescue you from your mortification, will I gladly omit the horror of Samberg's roles and leave the second-third of The Lonely Island team director Akiva Schaffer to his nonexistent talent as a director? or a comedian. Basically, everything one could do to run down a comedy from an accident is perfectly pictured here; and done in an arrogant way, as if the movie were funnier like that. Fool yourself into believing there is even a single chuckle on this hill, or dealing with another movie? Any other movie.
