This film can not decide if its message is "Humans are bad and bad and animals are sweet and innocent" or "never get into the water." A fisherman (Nolan) is out to get a killer whale, a very bad thing, but when he accidentally (aptly marks you) hits a pregnant cow instead of his mate, the cow - and I use the word in every way - who is obviously a sickly psychopath and canonical villain of the play - plays against the propellers trying to chew themselves to pieces in the most harrowing and hideous not to mention the ineffective method of killing themselves. (I doubt it was her first.) When the unborn fetus aborts its horrendous self-inflicted wounds, her mate revenges herself mentally and vows to injure, kill, and mutilate every human who talks to Nolan. Obviously, as among humans, total psychopaths date other total psychopaths. The film smells like a half-hearted anti-human message, "poor poor whale! Evil men must suffer and die!" and yet he can not demonize Nolan. It is true that when he exposed his motives was selfish and cruel, but in the first cry of the first whale he grows a heart and as the film progresses, he grows more and more compassionate with the pain of the whale until it looks like it will walk on ice and surrender to the whale, just to feel a little better. The final journey of the films, in which Nolan follows the whale on a bizarre journey northwards, reminds me of Melville's sinister whale-man connection, and for a moment hinted at a really interesting conclusion in that these two husbands can connect, understand that they respect each other in their own grief, for Nolan also lost his wife and fetus in an accident. Of course Nolan respects the whale and feels its loss. However, it never goes there. The whale character has no compassion or respect for anyone. <br /> <br /> The final scene loses focus and becomes Jaws-like where the sea monster finally kills everyone and Nolan and undoubtedly through carelessness, failure to snatch the whale (even though he made a good fit for her head a little earlier). I love animals, and I hate whales, and what's more, I love orca whales, but if the purpose of this movie was to make me feel that the whale was the victim and that people are evil and detestable, it has completely failed. Nolan shows compassion and growth, and feels for others, and the whole whale thinks about killing and maiming. <br /> <br /> The only message you can go to is "If you see an orca whale, anywhere, anywhere, run to the other side because if you step on your FIN the wrong way, he will hunt you to the ends of the earth, destroying everything around you. "
