Many claimed that Orca? Killer whale is a rip-off Jaws. This is not true, though Jaws's huge commercial success has undoubtedly made these men .vs. Animal stories are proposed more appealing to filmmakers in the second half of the 1970s. Orca ?? The killer whale would best be described as a modern Moby Dick reform. It's a story about obsession. On the one hand, the obsessive pursuit of a whale to avenge the death of its companion; on the other hand, the obsessive pursuit of a bounty hunter for killing the whale before it can claim more lives. Unfortunately, Orca-Killer Whale emerges a very disappointing film, its fundamentally interesting ideas, somehow ruined by performances and absurd plots. <br /> <br /> Nolan Shark Hunter (Richard Harris) meets a marine life researcher, Rachel Bedford (Charlotte Rampling), diving off the Atlantic coast of Canada. Their reunion almost ends in disaster when Rachel's team is attacked by a Great White Shark, but a killer whale arrives at the right time to stop the shark. After that, Nolan becomes increasingly obsessed with capturing a killer whale and selling it to an aquarium. But his plans backfire when he accidentally kills a pregnant female of the species while the distracted man looks. Rachel tells Nolan that a killer whale is an incredibly intelligent mammal, with a strong memory and feelings as a human being. Worse still, the native Umilak (Will Sampson) warns him that the whale will always remember the pain and will do everything it can to get revenge. Nolan initially tries to forget the whole unfortunate incident, but the whale wreaks havoc on the fishing town and the disgruntled locals begin to demand that Nolan put in the sea to track him and destroy him. Eventually Nolan is forced to chase the killer whale? hunting leads to the desolate ice sheets of the Arctic Ocean, where men and beasts face their final and fatal battle against each other. <br /> <br /> Two things stand out in this film. One of them is Ennio Morricone's astonishing soundtrack (perhaps the greatest movie songwriter of all time, his talent wasted on several tenth-season clashers during the 1970s and 1980s). The other is the incredible widescreen photograph of Ted Moore, which makes the film always pleasing to the eye. In all other departments, Orca? Killer Whale is a shoddy movie that does nothing to enhance the reputation of its talented cast and crew. Harris looks extremely sick throughout the film, with dirty hair, black rings around his eyes and deadly pale skin. His performance does not have the usual vitality. Rampling makes many sensual poses, but can not convince them with his long-winded and ill-informed explanations of whale manners. The rest of the actors are wasted on short, underdeveloped roles, most notably Bo Derek having his leg bitten by the vengeful whale. The plot is total nonsense from start to finish, with sequences as absurd as the whale deliberately starting a fire in the fishing village that engulfs and destroys the local refinery! While it is plausible to assume that whales are intelligent creatures with genuine emotions, the idea that a whale can plot revenge against a single human adversary and execute it so calculated is absolutely absurd. Orca ?? The killer whale is actually one for the completists of man .vs. cycle beast of the late 70's. Most will leave the film shaking their heads in disbelief and gritting their teeth in despair.
