Orca begins as the crusty Irish captain Nolan (Richard Harris) and his team are trying to capture a Great White Shark so they can sell it for large sums, unfortunately, when an unfortunate marine biologist named Ken (Robert Carradine) is attacked by him. The shark is killed by a killer whale, this heightens Nolan's interest in Killer Whales and decides he wants to get one of them instead. However, as he tries to do so, he grabs a pregnant female and hurts her as she aborts her fetus on the deck that makes a mess and enrage her mate, Nolan orders the whale to be thrown back into the sea, the that happens. The male Killer Whale is upset to say the least and kills one of Nolan's crew before they hit the dry land of Newfoundland in Canada once there the Killer Whale performs a series of attacks on the town and its people in an effort to attract Nolan back to the sea for a fight to the death ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Michael Anderson I thought this blatant theft was terrible, I'm sorry but I thought it was just ridiculous and totally bland even at a modest 90 odd minutes. The script by producer Luciano Vincenzoni & Sergio Donati is so stupid that I'm lost for words, the fact that seems to take very seriously does not help and if I have to listen to Charlotte Rampling talk about how killer whales are intelligent Just one more time I'm going to scream. I'm sorry but I just do not believe that a killer whale is clever enough to know who a particular boat belongs to and sink it, I do not believe a killer whale can cause a huge explosion, including knocking down an oil torch from a wall on the opposite side it hits as there is no way on earth he could know it was there, I do not believe a killer whale can identify someone's house, know that someone is there and then destroy it on purpose, I do not believe a whale killer can move icebergs around to catch a boat, I do not believe whales can physically recognize people and I do not believe she has any instincts of revenge or at least none that is as strong as this stupid movie. Maybe I'm being a bit harsh, I mean it's just a movie, but it's a movie that's trying to be serious and things got so ridiculous that I was waiting for Killer Whale to write a letter for Nolan to tell him. his plan and hand (or should it be fin?) hand it over, the thing looked smart enough to do anything else. They should have asked for the cure of the common cold! Seriously, this is an assertion that is no more unlikely than anything else in this movie. I found the film very annoying, totally annoying and had a horrible character with no onscreen presence. Needless to say, this is a hoax of Jaws (1975) that does not even come close to Spielberg's classic. <br /> <br /> Director Anderson is no Spielberg, for sure, this junk movie has absolutely no suspense, scares, tension or atmosphere at all. All of the attack scenes are as monotonous as dishwater and totally forgettable, there is no construction for them and they hardly pay as much as Orca can not eat a single person. Then there are the scenes that literally made me laugh, the Killer Whale shots that seem to cry are pure comedy and the opening scenes of the two Killer Whales that I suspect have tried to show them as a "loving" and "caring" couple, but I do not help but think this is the closest we'll get to Killer Whale's porn, hilarious things. The filming of the Killer Whales themselves are bland and boring, rather than filming that combine and enhance the scenes around it, it just seems like a wildlife documentary that has little connection to anything else. Do you have the impression that I do not like this movie? Good. Forget any decent deaths or deaths, there is a brief scene when Bo Derek has his legs bitten but blinks and you will miss it. <br /> <br /> That probably has a very large budget and is still a drug, There is nothing extraordinary about Orca, it is well done, I suppose, but flat, bland and totally forgettable. Cinematography is pretty cool. The acting is bad, Rampling is horrible and the late Irish accent from Harris is embarrassing. <br /> <br /> The Orca is an idiot of the Jaws who completely ignores or messes up everything that made Spielberg's movie so good. one for lovers of bad movies everywhere. Definitely not recommended, though not as bad as Jaws: The Revenge (1987).
