I watched this movie on the Hallmark Channel recently. In my opinion, the film started pretty decent, but it ended up sour. <br /> <br /> The story: A US soldier in Afghanistan gets one of the Christmas cards that a woman in the US has sent to the troops for Christmas. He becomes so inspired by the Christmas card that he feels he has given him a ray of hope and happiness in his life, a motivation to continue. When he is given leave, he goes to the very city that the woman lives in. He comes across a brave young woman and eventually discovers that she is the one who sent the Christmas card. He meets the family and after saving his father (a Vietnam War veteran) from being hit by a car while crossing the street, the family decides to take him for a while. We learn that he has no family at home. The soldier agrees to help the family during the Christmas season by working with them in their logging business. The family comes to love you and vice versa. The soldier also falls in love with the daughter of the family - the woman who sent the Christmas card. There is only one problem. She already has a serious relationship with a man she is in love with. It is also a long distance relationship. The boyfriend is very different from the soldier. He prefers wine and makes trips to France because of heavy work and outdoor living. The woman prefers the latter. During the rest of the film, there is a "love triangle" as the woman's boyfriend is back in town to visit her during the season. Everyone in the family seems to want their daughter to be with the soldier and her mother basically wants what is best for her daughter. ** (SPOILER ALERT) ** The woman has been liking the soldier more and more because they have a lot in common. They spend a lot of time together. It gradually attracts itself to you. Then one day he kisses her and she kisses him back. Now she's so confused! She is in love with her boyfriend and wants to marry him someday, but she really likes the soldier. Soon, the boyfriend (who does not know about the kiss, but is very protective of the woman and thinks that the soldier has tried to approach her) decides to propose to the woman and she accepts. Her plans for marriage, however, are not plans she wants. She wants to be at home, have children and be close to her family. He wants to travel the world, go to exotic places, and if he has children, he wants to take them with him. This does not seem very exciting to the woman. However, the soldier feels bad about what he did and does not want to make things worse. So he decides to leave the city, despite his father insisting that he stay and stay with his daughter. Everything comes to the fore when, in the Christmas Eve service with the Church, we discover that the soldier has not left yet. The boyfriend and the woman talk to each other outside and he, heartbroken, basically decides to let her go and break up with her. The movie ends with the woman and the soldier joining. <br /> Things I like: I like the soldier in much of the movie. He is basically sympathetic and polite, with a strong sense of doing good to others; there are times when the family goes with the Church and participates in charitable causes; the family holds hands and prays during an evening meal at the table; father and mother have a long-lasting and evidently healthy marriage; the soldier tries to do the right thing in a situation after he did something very wrong. <br /> Things I do not like: There is a very typical "love triangle" story in this movie; the sour soldier when he slowly and subtly approaches the woman and then kisses her when she already has a boyfriend; the majority of the family practically applaud this behavior - the family accompanies the Church and participates in the services, but this is how they act; there's a bad language <br /> <br /> Conclusion: I was disappointed with the movie, and it got worse and worse. I quickly forwarded the end of the movie because I had enough. So the movie started off decent with some precious moments, but it ended up ruining it. So I would not recommend this movie to anyone.
