The best short films Laurel and Hardy are packed to the brim with accidents, accidents and destruction, mainly caused by Stan, but with Ollie getting the thick (!) Of punishment - see the great 'The Music Box' (1933) or ' Towed in a Hole '(1932) as some classic examples. <br /> <br /> Here, however, for some reason (is it because it was based on an outline of Stan's father?), the boys play straight into a 'comedy' built around supposedly funny jokes and situations . Do not leave. It's just another tedious 30's comedy of the third category, augmented only by the personalities of Stan and Ollie who never really exhibit any of their trademark gestures (Ollie's fingers, Stan's stare, etc.) or comic skills. /> The movie begins with them running from the police. As we never see or know why, it's hard to believe or accept the fear of being caught and thus to hide in Colonel Buckshot's mansion. The premise for "humor," Ollie passing as the Colonel and Stan get by, since both the butler and the maid are never very attractive. They're not playing 'Stan and Ollie' in this movie. Their parts could have been played by any of the actors in the pedestrian studio and would be equally poor. Stan could mimic and do anything he did for free, but he would not have a chance to do any of it here. He is embarrassed to utter too much dialogue to "move" the plot, but none of it rises far above the fool. We are toasted with endless third-rate comedy nuts, such as the joke of not correctly pronouncing Lord Plumtree's name, "Call me by taxi! Okay, you're a cab!" joke, cops lose their clothes and are seen in long johns, and an unsealed end of Stan and Ollie as the two parts in a painfully obvious horse costume while they escape on a bicycle for two, and James Finlayson is still making his the entire body of the silent era and the heels of Keystone Kop. <br /> <br /> Stan and Ollie do much better in a sitcom in Sons of the Desert (1933) where we can watch them do what we love about them - be they themselves. In fact, 1932-34 seem to be his best years. <br /> <br /> Since this movie does not touch any of your forces, why bother about it? I have to give a 3.
