The FBI HISTORY (1959) went to Warner Bros. 149 minutes of epic tribute to the famous criminal investigation agency! From a book by Don Whitehead came a somewhat laborious script by Richard L. Green and John Twist and was directed with just a touch of elegance by Mervyn LeRoy. However, he had splendid colorful cinematography by Joseph Biroc and a handy score of studio musical magician Max Steiner! The film traces the history of the Bureau from its inception in the twenties to modern times and its all seen through the memories of the aging fastidious agent Chip Hardesty (James Stewart) in reporting his investigative experiences - in flashback - to a class of young agents in training. But it's all very wordy and episodic! And as it progresses, it begins to look like a TV miniseries, rather than a major film production, when young Hardesty commands the American criminal range to take on criminal figures such as "Baby Face" Nelson, Ma Barker, Dillinger, etc. Nefarious organizations such as the Ku Klux Klan, Nazi spies and the Red Threat. And here it has to be said that just for the onscreen presence and appeal of his star, the FBI story would probably have ended in a forgotten disaster. Also, this is another problem with the image - Stewart is left to carry the entire movie almost alone! With the exception of Vera Miles - who has the ungrateful role of being his long suffering but devoted wife - he is surrounded by a cast of smaller players! Over time, you find yourself half expecting someone like Robert Ryan, Jack Palance or even Raymond Burr to make a welcome entry as a mafia, police chief or whatever. But nothing so imaginative as that happens! Pity! <br /> <br /> The film, however, gets a good look inside the Bureau's operation! With the help of Stewart's narration, we learn about the thousands of men and women who work for the organization, including hundreds of agents in the field. And we are also gifted with a peek inside the headquarters that houses the gigantic section of records and we also get a glimpse of the chemists and fingerprint experts meticulously going through their daily chores. <br /> <br /> Another advantage to the movie is Max. Steiner's remarkable score! Hearing about the titles is a powerful, exciting and determined march, while for softer moments of the image there is an attractive love theme. But ingenious enough is the ominous and menacing theme of the march to the Ku Klux Klan sequence. Better yet is the rhythmic Latin American music that the composer wrote for the South American scenes, especially the exciting Fandango orchestrations for the arrival of federal troops on horseback. The FBI story was one of five scores the composer wrote in 1959, including Samuel Bronston's naval epic "John Paul Jones," the charming Rom-with "Cash McCall," the Delmer Daves western "The Hanging Tree," and Daves "A Summer Place" from which he derived the Young Love Theme - which would later become one of Steiner's greatest hits, better known as "Theme From A Summer Place." <br /> <br /> The FBI's story is almost like a movie thanks to Biroc's rich color cinematography, Steiner's wonderful music and, of course, Jimmie Stewart, who does anything at all! Classical, but implausible, FBI STORY line ............. the mild Nick Adams (who just blew up an airplane with 43 people on board, including his mother ) is being taken away handcuffed. He turns to the police officer and says, "If I receive any correspondence, you can send it to Canyon City. Prison for the next month or more - after that you can send it to hell." Wow!!
