This is a fascinating movie - especially for old fans and film historians (I am both). During the first half of the twentieth century, unfortunately, black Americans generally could not enter the white theaters. As a result, theaters that cater to the black public wanted to show films reflecting the experience of blacks and showing black actors. In many cases, the films were essentially similar to the plot of Hollywood's standard plot, but with a much, much lower budget - and usually horrible production values. You really can not criticize filmmakers - they simply did not have the money and resources available to the average film company. As a result, they had to pay with much less - including excessive reliance on actors who were seen repeatedly, no money to re-shoot scenes and a need to make the movies FAST! This film tried very hard to be a Black version of a Gene Autry movie - starring Herb Jeffries. Jeffries was a light-skinned man of mixed ancestry and he starred in several similar cowboy films. In each, he sings a bit, fights a bit (albeit VERY badly) and loves it a little - all you need in a cowboy. Believe it or not, Jeffries is still alive at age 96. <br /> <br /> The general plot was indiscernible from an Autry picture - complete with anachronistic items like phones out of the West! The problem is that, despite their similarities, the low budget shines. Stymie (from Li'l Rascals) flubbed a few lines, but they just left, the fighting scenes were totally unchoreographed and were among the worst ever placed in the film, there were some strange plot holes, no background music (leaving the movie strangely calm) and the acting was pretty awful. <br /> <br /> Now, this does NOT mean that the movie is not worth seeing - just that it addresses technical issues that prevent it from being punctuated higher. One critic, oddly enough, has scored this movie at 10! How this can be with all the problems is beyond me. However, I can understand a person liking the film despite its many problems. The plot is generally very good, the characters friendly, the musical numbers excellent and you know that the people who make the film have tried so hard and it is a very important part of American history. But a 10! <br /> <br /> By the way, in a strange bit of casting, the very tall, thin and almost white Jefferies is paired with Mantan Moreland short, stocky and exceptionally dark .... as his brother !! Also, Spencer Williams may be familiar to you. He played Andy on TV "Amos' n Andy".
