While there are a few excerpts in this four-part documentary suggesting the need for recreational drug law reform, these are not very well developed, in contrast to the many snippets of those who find drugs currently illegal are the scourge for which the only imaginable solution is the incarceration, even of those who are guilty, even of the mere possession of such drugs. While this program as a whole leaves the viewer with the impression that the war on drugs is largely a futile exercise and a waste of money, and for that it deserves some praise, almost nothing in this documentary addresses the real problems that total war against those who merely possess illegal drugs obviously causes and contributes to - very real problems than most. The drug warriors themselves would say that, if asked, they think the drug war was designed to solve . For example, while many minutes are spent on the wave of violence associated with the increasing popularity of crack cocaine in the 1980s, at no time does this program even suggest that the crack laws themselves make it impossible for drug dealers to enforce their contracts and agreements courts, forcing them to resort to violence to stay in business. But instead of seeing laws as an important cause of violence, the drugs themselves seem to shoulder the burden of guilt. Inexplicably, the ban on alcohol, the ensuing violence, and the subsequent reversal of the ban are totally ignored by this program. <br /> <br /> This program will help perpetuate the ridiculous stereotypes of drug users, and it is these who are the primary force in conducting the very expensive and very problematic drug war. The possibility of incorporating drugs other than alcohol into a happy and successful life is not really touched. The use of any drug in excess is likely to cause personal problems, but not all users take their medications in excess, just as not all alcohol users are alcoholics. <br /> <br /> If you want a viewpoint from someone who believes that adults have the moral right not to be imprisoned and have their lives ruined by the criminal justice system only by the use of drugs that the political reasons more arbitrary than for reasons based on sound social policies and legitimate science, decided to totally ban, whose users decided not-so-metaphorically the war against, just forget it. None of this is here. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, this is hardly in the category of anti-drug propaganda. It is mainly an interesting drug story presented in a neutral way in 20th century United States such as marijuana, LSD, heroin, cocaine, MDMA and Oxycontin. But there is a significant element of people's views on drug laws, and most (but not all) of it is not very thoughtful or well informed and biased in favor of the anti-drug warrior's mentality, especially with regard to drugs . besides marijuana. <br /> <br /> The criminal justice system, along with its many severe penalties that ruin life, is obviously not the only answer or the most appropriate response to every social problem, but unfortunately there is an epidemic in this nation of A country. disease whose primary symptoms are lack of imagination in relation to social policy when it comes to certain drugs, lack of compassion for humans, a prejudice against people who use drugs that are not approved by the government, perhaps interest in the growth of the prison / policing industry and a hideous apathy toward human dignity. It is morally wrong to kidnap or imprison people unless you have a good reason for doing so, and the mere possession of an arbitrarily selected group of drugs is clearly not a reason. This is really the main issue when it comes to drugs, but this program ignores it. <br /> <br /> So in short, the parts of this program that feature history in a neutral way without feeding stereotypes of drug users that The heart of the drug-fighting mentality is very good and interesting and fun. But when it comes to presenting a rational rationale for drug policy and giving the viewer examples not only of people with drug problems but also of many people who incorporate drugs into happy and successful lives, is quite disappointing.
