For years, Madonna has tried to prove not only herself, but in the eyes of the public, that she can act. Unfortunately, overexertion by failing to lose your own personality does not blend well. <br /> <br /> She seems to do better when NOT the star of any movie: if you watch her in supporting performances in SPECIAL WISHES SUSAN (1985) or THE LEAGUE OF HIS OWN (1992), she really does look good. As the story revolves around other actors, the weight of expectation is taken off their shoulders by default. <br /> <br /> The problem begins when she is invited to be the star of a movie, regardless of gender. Being the focus of a plot that needs to be told in a visual, be it good, mediocre or just awful, it needs to be presented in ways that are similar to actual movie performance as opposed to video performance. That's the crucial difference between Madonna and, say, Bette Davis, or Meryl Streep. The last two, even if the film failed (because the visual narrative lacked any effectiveness in making us relate to it, either because the script was down, or because the actress alone was not in the moment), there would be something extra their performances that would elevate the film from being a complete bomb. Both Davis and Streep had their share: Bette, having a career longer than Streep, in such passages as BUNNY O'HARE (1971) and WICKED STEPMOTHER (1989); Streep in SHE-DEVIL (1989). But at least there has been this naturalism in the way they both attacked their roles that made us forget the banality of the film and watch the performance. <br /> <br /> Madonna, on the other hand, not being a particularly gifted actress able to really let us into her ability to convey a persona different from herself, much worse, and even into the hands of someone like Woody Allen in SHADOWS AND FOG (1992), an inferior classic, she in her screen time seems flushed and a bit harsh, maybe even nervous, as if she was aware of the cameras and the team and just could not let go. <br /> <br /> So here she tries once more to prove she can act on what is essentially a two-character movie. Guy Ritchie, best known for action movies full of male energy, seems so idiotic that it tells a closer story to someone like Michaelangelo Antonioni or Ingmar Bergman, who could tell a tale of two people with incredible ease. And at 89 minutes, the events that happen happen so unconvincingly that when the final half hour comes and the story takes a dramatic turn, it does not seem sincere. From being an absolute witch with no redeeming values ​​to suddenly falling in love, this must be the most unconvincing 180 degree turn since Laura de Fay Dunaway suddenly discovered her passion for Tommy Lee Jones in THE EYES OF LAURA MARS (1978). Equally unconvincing is Adriano Giannini's unpleasant turn in the middle of the movie - he lacks any humor and feels genuinely psychopathic - and when he gives in to Madonna's love, it's too quick to be believed. Filming this with slow music and a visual montage of love and beautiful scenery does not add to or add to this "transformation" of what would have been a survival story between characters unpleasant to a love story in which they both discover themselves. Trying to have an unsatisfactory ending also works against the movie - it just makes him drag, sink, and when Madonna has to be filmed going from hope to devastation in a tight close-up, she feels she's trying too much. Many actresses have done better in transmitting so much by doing so little. His performance is best suited to the acting styles of the late 1920s, early 30s, where postures compensated as a part or an emotion. <br /> <br /> Could the movie have been better? Clear. There are a myriad of ways to film it in a way that would leave the viewer with the feeling that these people could at least expect to see themselves again - this has already been done in OVERBOARD (1987), for example. It could have an existential tone in which two very different people have to trust each other, but not necessarily change (to ensure a moral tone). Much dialogue and unnecessary erotic scenes could have been spared for a more "silent" film-like appearance in PERSONA (1966). It could even have been something like a thriller, since the character Giannini has a mediocre tendency as Billy Zane had in DEAD CALM (1989). Even if this had been done as a sexual farce, it would have worked better for Madonna as the exaggerated one, obsessed with controlling control. But with his stingy humor, without at least a glimpse of his character having a softer side that hides behind a bitch mask, and without actually defining Giannini's own character, it turns into another flaw trying to look like a battle of the sexes.
