I almost saw this in a real theater (an art theater, not less!), But I could not get there the whole week he played, but yesterday I finally saw him on the cable and ... well ... No I was disappointed, for sure! Madonna did it again: STILL ANOTHER PUMP! When will this woman learn? When will the studios learn? (Or perhaps they have already done so, since this film was largely abandoned, with little fanfare and deadly word-of-mouth.) You would be expected to be led by your talented husband, who created some interesting and / or terrifying work fun, would bring. the same quality that Madonna showed in "Desperately Seeking Susan"; unfortunately, is simply not to be, for here she is at worst: singularly convinced of her own greatness, the presumption permeating every picture in which she finds herself, made even more unbearable by her faltering faux-British accent, an accent which only underscores the fact that his speaking voice is immature in quality and not especially pleasing. This may sound unnecessarily cruel, but LISTEN to the woman, and look at her films, say, of the past decade: like a modern Bette Davis, there is an unmistakable fragility not only in her carriage, but in her face and body, which here, despite of the hot photograph exhibited throughout the film (perhaps its only grace), are not favored. To her credit, the whole case is so wrong that one wonders if the best actress in the world on her best day could do anything with this mess. No one involved escapes unharmed: Bruce Greenwood seems really sad to be on the screen, although poor Jeanne Tripplehorn seems to behave as if he were really into something good, which made me think all the time, "Denial is not just a river Egypt ! " Adriano Giannini, son of Giancarlo Giannini, star of the Italian original "Swept Away ...", is, as his father before him, immensely attractive, and not totally bad (despite winning a Razzie nomination for "Worst Actor" ), but like almost everything about this production, it all comes back to Madonna, whose shoulders stand guilty. Because she? Why not the husband, the director Guy Ritchie? Who do you think is behind this remake? Which actress would not like almost every scene in a movie to be centered on her, with only one relative who does not share the screen? Oh, of course, Ritchie deserves some guilt: surely he - or somebody - ANYONE! - should have, and might have, left his lead aside and insisted on something that bordered REAL FEELING on his line readings (because his performance is so wood it is a surprise that the rest of the cast did not get splinters), or less an appearance of heat ... but she seems resistant to anything but a black hole cinematic. Above and beyond anything else, this is strictly a vanity project for her star, so she's responsible for it. A movie like this, an "Odd Couple," the class war, must be light and fun, with leads that can bounce back with witty, even romantic dialogues, for what else can a movie whose plot involves two stranded people stranded, really be? Honestly, I do not think anyone involved knew exactly the tone they were trying; can not even comedy (I dare you to laugh once) or romance (Madonna's ice princess routine excludes ANY chemistry). Not bad enough for us lovers of bad movies to enjoy. A real shame ...
