Well where to start here? Straightheads presents me with some dilemma. If this movie had left Italy, say, in 1975, directed by Ruggero Deodatto and starring David Hess, then I would be licking it faster than the Labrador drinks water on a summer day. Because while Tarantino and Rodriguez are busy elsewhere with their film tribute, Dan Reed produced a photo of his revenge / revenge strike in England, and apparently the same budget that would have taken Rodriguez to turn Rose McGowan's leg into a machine gun. Because if you want to play bingo grindhouse, then let me call the 'numbers': 1. A rich, fast-paced career woman finds herself with a bit of brutality on the wrong side of the rails of a implausible, and equally implausible way, gets horny for him. Check. <br /> <br /> 2. Free pictures of the said high-flying career woman in various states of nudity. Check. <br /> <br /> 3. Developing a complicated and highly improbable plot that sets up characters that exist only to do what they do and can not be imagined as having existence outside of the scenes they are in. Check. <br /> <br /> 4. Unnecessarily graphic rape scene perpetrated by a gang of males with no discernible depth of personality or background that is not there to rape. Check. <br /> <br /> 5. Courageous and bloody scenes of murder and revenge to end it all. Bingo! <br /> <br /> Plotwise, Straightheads is a very basic thing: Dyer meets Anderson and invites him to a party in a country pile belonging to his boss. On the way home, they disturbed three local residents in Landover who took revenge by giving Dyer a good horseshoe and raping Anderson. The couple then began to seek revenge. So far, then "Straw Dogs", "Late Night Trains", "House on the Edge of the Park", "I Spit on Your Tomb" etc etc. So why not think much about this movie? A number of reasons: I suppose in the first place, having Gillian Anderson in the cast prima facie would lead me to expect better, but it is the complete lack of honesty here than the angriest ones. <br /> <br /> Because whenever someone sits down to see Hess and his gang terrorizing women and murdering their men in those parts of the '70s, then they always know exactly what they're getting - only to shock and appeal to the lowest common denominator. The thieves terrorize and murder the goodies, the goodies turn the table into the bad guys and kill them back, and all go home satisfied, with the desire to see some unpleasant and unsafe violence, knowing that the world order has been restored. As a writer and director, however, Dan Reed clearly believes that Straightheads has much more to say about the state of the human psyche than that, and he desperately tries to absorb his film with a philosophical depth that simply is not over there. . For example, when Anderson and Dyer plan to take revenge on their attackers, they find out that one of the rapists has a fourteen-year-old daughter who is wanted by the two men she walks with. When Anderson finally meets him face-to-face, he confesses that he just raped her as a distraction so his two friends could take their attention from his daughter !!! The casual, audacious way that Reed lets himself fall into this little revelation is simply a jerk, it's almost as if he expects this simple reference to pedophilia to be enough to make the moral compass of the audience explode and get them out of the movies thinking I just sat down on something meaningful. To make sure we "catch", at this point we are shown a sequence of the rape sequence for the second time, ostensibly from the attacker's point of view and his concern for the daughter, but Reed ensures that we have more shots. Anderson grabbed and raped the hood of her car. Gratuitous does not enter it. <br /> <br /> After being told of his reasons for raping her, Anderson ties him to a table, for the business purpose of a sniper rifle (complete with bulky muffler, in case someone is not clear on the phallic image) to his jacksie, but does not have the courage to pull the trigger, telling Dyer (who has no such moral scruples) that "it's over." Dyer argues the opposite and his moral dilemma is presented as something that Wittgenstein and Russell may have discussed in their rooms in Cambridge about tea and cakes. It is almost inaccessible in its absurd. <br /> <br /> To be honest, Mrs. Anderson plays the entire film. It's obvious that she wants to leave Scully behind, and thanks to her, she certainly does; one wonders what Mulder would have done to his former partner squatting to take a leak by the side of the road and then sodomize a man with a gun? Dyer, on the other hand, does what he does in virtually every movie he has done to date - that is, he plays a cockney-type cappie with a smirk, an insolent line of speech, and a face most people would never have . tired of punching. This is particularly true in the final scene where, after murdering his burglars in cold blood, Dyer looks at the camera, which I'm sure it is, a look of existential anguish that invites us to sympathize with the fate of the hand. dealt with him and the moral dilemmas he had to overcome, but instead is much more reminiscent of Oliver Hardy looking exasperatedly at the camera after Stan put him in another mess as well. Which, incidentally, sums up this movie very well.
