Unless I was wrong, I rented A Nightmare on Elm Street 3 a few years ago and there was a music video, I'm sure it was called Dream Warriors, and I rented this one on DVD hoping the video would be there because it was one of the things funniest ones I've ever seen. It's amazing how 80's things are so funny right now, but nothing is funnier than the 1980s rap videos. There was a rap group singing the song Dream Warriors on the VHS version of this movie after the credits, and all of them are wearing shirtless denim jackets underneath and tight jeans shorts that are all worn out in the background, like Daisy Dukes. What could make a rap group seem more foolish I can not imagine. Anyway, I was disappointed in looking for that video on the DVD version, so all I had was this mediocre installment in the Freddy Krueger series. The movie begins with the same idea as part 2, with the main character witnessing all sorts of horrible murders and then coming out of a trance and encountering bloody hands. Kristen Parker (Patricia Arquette) has a nightmare about the infamous house where Nancy Thompson lived, then runs to the bathroom, the sink handles turn into Freddy's hands and attack her, and then she wakes up standing in the bathroom, to their own pulses. From there, the film becomes the usual part of the psychiatric hospital. Larry Fishburne, tired of always playing the villain in his roles, was happy to take the role in this movie as a good guy, serious but compliant when patients want to bow. the rules a little. Not surprisingly, it transforms into what is by leaps and bounds the best performance in the film. Arquette later becomes a talented actor, but did not perfect his acting skills when he starred in this film. The characters in the film are mostly all patients in the psychiatric hospital where Kristen is placed after cutting her wrists. They are all cynical and uncooperative, hardly any believing that they really belong to everyone. Eventually they realize and are able to convince the team that they are all having dreams about the same man and it is not just a kind of group hysteria. <br /> <br /> Heather Langenkamp returned in her famous role as Nancy Thompson. , this time grew up in a dream seeker as a result of his childhood experiences involving Freddy Krueger. Not surprisingly, she is able to quickly relate to hysterical Kristen and the rest of the patients, since she had experienced exactly what they are going through. There are some interesting killings in this issue, and the technology used for special effects has taken a big leap. There's a gigantic Freddy trying to swallow whole Kristen, there's a scene where a television turns into Freddy and with mechanical arms he picks up one of the patients there for late night entertainment and punishes her for sitting too close. for TV, but there is also an unconvincing motion scene where some guys fight Freddy Krueger's skeleton, which is rotting in the trunk of a car in a junkyard. And one of the most moaning scenes was the one in which Freddy attacks one of the patients in his dream (the one famous for sleepwalking), pulling the muscles and tendons from his arms and legs and leading him like a puppet. Ouch. <br /> <br /> We take a look at Freddy's past in this issue. Not only did we find his mother, but we also discovered the circumstances that led to Freddy being the father of over 100 maniacs. Fighting against Freddy, the patients all unite and, in their dreams, use their special powers (most reflect their shortcomings in real life) to fight against him. One student, stuck in a wheelchair, is able to walk in his dreams, another has the hilarious powers of what he calls "Wizard Mage," another is "beautiful and evil" (she has lots of makeup, her hair stands Mohawk with one foot tall and she has knives). Intelligent, but the film falters when it has only one patient, the one who can not speak, has no power in his dreams until the climax of the film, when suddenly he realizes he can speak in his dreams (in just the right moment for save the day). His dreaming power was a bit too obvious to have been left out for so long, but collectively, now you see why the movie was subtitled as Dream Warriors. <br /> <br /> In all, this is not a completely weak entry in the movie. Series. The acting is pretty bad, but it's really good for a horror movie. Larry Fishburne vastly overshadows the rest of the cast, showing marvelous acting skills early in his career, and the film not simply a replay of either of the first two? a problem that plagues the movies on Friday the 13th, much more than the movies on Elm Street. The characters are never developed enough to allow the subsequent creation of too much tension, and that is why most of the killings are more creative ways to kill someone in a horror movie than the tragic loss of life of one of the characters that we we came to know and cheer for his triumph over evil. But again, there are not many horror movies that really develop their characters to the point where you defeat their hands when they are dead, or are on the edge of your seat while they rush to save their lives. But it's important to note that the few horror movies that actually do this are almost invariably the best ??
