NIGHT EVELYN LEAVE THE GRAVE (Emilio Miraglia - Italy, 1971). <br /> <br /> I just watched this delirious piece of Euro-tosh on the way to the awful DVD-release of Alpha Video (looks like an extremely bad video-transfer), but from what I've seen, it's hardly enough to buy the recent release of the No Shame DVD. Considering its excellent track record, it will undoubtedly be a major improvement over all previous releases. And pay no attention to the ridiculous cover shown here, it was not taken from this movie (a girl holding a similar Jim Carrey's head). <br /> <br /> Western star Spaghetti Anthony Steffen a hip hairstyle and takes on the role of Lord Alan Cunningham, a man haunted by the memory of his late wife Evelyn. This leads to a nervous breakdown that keeps you trapped in a psychiatric clinic. Once released, Cunningham channels this trauma by leading red-haired prostitutes to their rural castle, subjecting them to cruel acts of torture. His doctor and friend, Richard Timberlane (what do you mean, Italian horror names sound "invented?"), Advises him to forget the past and get married again, but Cunningham is obsessed with Evelyn and even organizes a session at the castle . Eventually, after killing a few more girls, he meets Gladys, another redhead, and marries her almost immediately, but the arrival of his new wife spawns a series of ominous events. Creatures bloodthirsty attack Sir Alan's family, killing them one by one. Becoming more disturbed, Cunningham visits Evelyn's tomb and discovers that she is empty. Soon, several "outsiders" are beginning to suspect that something suspicious is going on in the castle and Lord Cunningham's treatment may not have been so successful after all. <br /> <br /> Director Emilio Miraglia tries to mix gothic horror with Giallo. conventions with limited success. As always, the least effort was made to convince the public that the film is set in England. The cars drive on the right side of the road, everyone seems very Mediterranean and the castle (and the rest of the architecture) is patently Italian. This is a common practice in Italian horror, but sometimes they take it a little too far. Bad printing made it a bit bearable, since it was so dark that you could not see much of the environment anyway. But again, this is the kind of movie where anything can happen in the name of exploration and portraying reality is not really the problem. A large part consists of sado-masochistic torture scenes in the castle torture chamber, but most of the time, Anthony Steffen clears his way through it and shows a horrible over-action. I think it all depends on your state of mind and this can be absurd fun if you're in the mood. I just could not bear it, at least not with the impression I had. A nice soundtrack by Bruno Nicolai that combines easy-listening songs with some psychedelic rock numbers. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura - 4/10
