I wondered why I did not like Peggy Sue Got Married better than when she first came out in 1986 with all the enthusiasm. Somehow I found Nic Cage's character disconcerting. Very disappointing. So the plot did not seem to make sense. So, at the end of the credits, the question arose: what sense was this movie creating? What were you saying? The answer, unfortunately, was not much, if anything. I really do not think this movie is meant to make a statement; unless it was "your life is your life, you will make the same mistakes, no matter what happens, so keep an eye on the donut, not the hole." It's not a very deep statement, and I'm sorry, not deeply made in this movie. Writing is simply not so good. The direction is uneven and it is strangely exaggerated at times. Kathleen Turner was the best, and in my opinion, the only thing that paid off in this film, and performed something of a miracle creating a whole character, despite bizarre and inexplicable circumstances, with a script that had no apparent statement to make. <br /> <br /> She finally clarified the mystery to me of the main reason why I did not like this movie anymore. She states in her autobiography that Cage made a point of fighting her uncle Coppola's direction every step of the way, doing "her own way" (not a good idea for a new actor), and putting a silly voice she called of "stupid". "His voice was annoying, abrasive and unnatural, and his character was detestable and arrogant as a young man. I understand what he was trying to do: play a" hot "young guy who is not as hot as he thinks, establishing his own karma for But he goes to sea, the way he does is abrasive, not effective, and if he had listened to his uncle instead of "fighting man," we would have a nicer movie. I do not think I'm going to be able to watch the whole movie, but I'd have to pay someone in LA to pour a bucket of water over his head during some of his most affected (put-on) scenes. <br /> <br /> The film is not meant to be a statement, it does not make sense, it's great to look at except when Cage is making a demented impression on Elvis (but without the voice), and it is , ultimately confusing and a waste of time. Given all this, Kathleen Turner certainly deserved an Oscar in this mess of movies. I can not recommend anyone to spend two hours watching this, unless you like Turner and have a remote control to choose all of her scenes. Believe me, you will not miss anything from the point of view of the plot jumping the other scenes, and it will make a lot of sense. Kathleen Turner is getting a lot of criticism of the comments on Cage, which proves she's strong enough to be honest, and to hell with comments from other people. You go, Turner! I'm not particularly fond of this actress more than any other first-class actor or actress, but her frankness is refreshing. Cage's acting can be good for boring, and it does not work here. At least in this movie, we now know why.
