Alan (Anthony Steffen), an English billionaire with a few loose bolts (thanks to his first wife's infidelity and premature death during childbirth) seduces sexy red-haired women to his castle by offering them bundles of money to stay over the weekend . . Once back in his ancestral pile, he receives them nekkid, proceeds to whip them with a bull whip, and then kills them. <br /> <br /> But when he meets sexy blonde Gladys (Marina Malfatti) and falls in love with her Ample charm, he decides to abandon his murderous ways and get married. His marital bliss is short-lived, however, thanks to Alan's dubious mental state, which becomes increasingly fragile when his dead wife Evelyn begins to appear outside his window and a series of horrific murders occurs inside the castle. <br /> <br /> So, let's recap: a Euro-horror groovy 70s with loads of tasty women in various states of undress; creepy gothic retreats and misty cemeteries; a sadistic and rich psychopath with a crush on beautiful and dead girls with curly bodies; several cruel murders (including a large part in which a victim has his head crushed with a stone and his entrails eaten by foxes). Usually a checklist like this would guarantee me a good time, so why did I find the 'Evelyn Night Out Of Your Tomb' so bland? Well, to begin with, the plot is too complicated: there are red herrings, crazy and suspicious plots in abundance, and everything becomes a little too much. To the ridiculous end - where we find that all the time, several people have been plotting to get their greedy paws on Alan's wealth, and that our red-head-killing job is actually the hero of the movie? My head was aching too much to care! Second, the direction of Emilio Maraglia is quite boring. Elegant, yes; but as slow as molasses sometimes. <br /> <br /> And then there are the pieces that are simply very silly, possibly even for a giallo: death by poisonous snake bite (certainly one of the most bizarre weapon choices ever); Alan's Aunt Agatha, a crippled old relative who is played by a beautiful young woman; the hiring of a group of identical curly blondes as domestic servants; the poor try to convince the public that the film is set in England (mentioning pounds and hiring a police uniform for one of the extras is not enough); and then, of course, there is the improbability of finding a bag of sulfuric acid next to a pool ... "The night that Evelyn left her grave" is not a total waste of time ( how could it be, with so much female flesh on display?), but there is much better giallo out there. Watch this if you're a fan of the genre and have seen the best, but do not expect too much.
