Lord Alan Cunningham (Antonio De Teffè) is a madman (seen from an early age trying to escape from a madhouse), with this castle succumbing slowly to ruin, he likes to kill several prostitutes who resemble his late wife Evelyn, a betrayed by another man, with those red wicks. This wacko is quite rich and his baccalaureate status can be quite attractive. He is, however, invaded by his obsession with the memory of his deceased wife (specifically his adultery ... he saw her naked with his lover). While Evelyn's memory is almost devouring his entire existence, Alan tries his best to find true love and believes he has it with Gladys (Marina Malfatti, who spends most of the film naked. that she is not a very good actress) who agrees to marry him after a very short dating, which should probably play the flags immediately (there is a key moment of dialogue where she knows exactly how much he is worth ). /> The only real person Alan can rely on is his hospital physician, Dr. Richard Timberlane (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart). There are other key characters in this movie that revolve around Alan. Alan's cousin, George (Rod Murdock), seems to be a good friend who often provides him with victims. I mean the dates, hoping to get your lord's estate someday. Albert (Robert Maldera), Evelyn's brother, witnesses Alan's massacre and, instead of handing him over to the police, pressures him for money. Aunt Agatha (Joan C Davis), wheelchair-bound, lives on the estate of the castle and is often seen snooping behind cracked doors. Later, we find out she's having a love affair with Albert. <br /> <br /> All that is described above serves the rest of the story which shows what appears to be the ghost of Evelyn haunting Alan, someone is killing family members of the cast that revolves around Alan, and the body of Evelyn is indeed absent. <br /> <br /> The final question is who is committing the crimes after Alan and Gladys are married, where is Evelyn's body and Alan goes beyond the limit? I have to be honest and say that I do not really care much about this movie. It is very uneven and the rhythm is everywhere. It looks great on the new DVD, and the "rising grave sequence" is cool, but what really hurts the movie is that the whole cast is unpleasant. You really have a hard time taking care of Alan because he is a psychotic who is skating on thin ice in relation to keeping his sanity. It can be quite volatile. Whoever commits the crime really is not such a big surprise after several key characters are murdered, there is nothing but a few who could be doing it. What happens to Alan does not make his throat swallow because you can argue that he's just getting what he deserves. Those who are behind the whole scheme of the film in relation to Alan, as I have said before, are not so shocking, because if you are only slightly aware of certain circumstances (or advantages they would have) that would benefit them with the film . collapse of Alan's sanity, then everything comes out less than stellar. I thought the editing was unstable and uninteresting, but the whole cast's performance is really below expectations. Some techniques help and there is a scent of gothic atmosphere in the cemetery sequences to help you.
