This film is just another distortion, among many distortions, of the so-called "sins of consumerism". Please note that 'Reverend Billy', an actor (Bill Talen), is nothing more than a bureaucrat against the 'sins of consumerism'. We may want to ask questions like: What does 'Reverend Billy' do for a living? How does he make money? Does he make a living with his "tax deductible" organization? How does the Internal Revenue justify this as a "tax deductible" church or organization? <br /> <br /> Everyone knows that Christmas is marketed, but it offers a full-year day in which people have the opportunity to be charitable and allow significant numbers of people to spend time with their families, friends . or extended families. All are not charitable. Everyone does not spend time with their families, friends or extended families. But holidays and vacations give people this chance and opportunity. Yes, America has more than its share of problems - but, with perseverance, Americans have and always go through great difficulties. And even in times of conflict, America has proved to be the greatest country in the world. This happens when Americans unite and unite, instead of separating and dividing. Yes, there are problems with corporations and monopolies, but it will take Americans to bring back small businesses along with ethics to responsibly care for people living in our individual communities. Yes, globalization has brought us its share of problems, but it will take Americans to bring production back to America. Americans and the US government need to learn how to maintain a budget, no matter how big or small it may be, and we must stop our dependence on credit. Our excessive trust in credit will give us, and keep us poor, from the cradle to the grave. It is important to buy - but if we buy less, we will depend less on credit. And if we can save, even for a small sum, we'll have money for a rainy day. It does not mean that as Americans we will gain an equal share of wealth. Wealth is not guaranteed and never guaranteed. But stratification teaches us that only a small percentage of Americans hold most of America's wealth. There is a good proximity where you or I can reach the upper middle class level. And who knows what might happen there? Be positive, work hard - and at least you and I will be able to achieve at least some (if not all) of our dreams. In life, nothing is guaranteed, but we always have something to achieve. And if you or I do not have dreams, we may be dead. In America, there is always room for many hopes and dreams. As individuals, we are a part of the pack, but we can always become the leader of the pack. <br /> <br /> It has always been my experience that churches and religion offer nothing but additional distortions, but I pay for dignity and respect people with other beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. But with regard to the distortions expressed, within that film, I have no faith in such beliefs, values, and perspectives. I rate this movie with a 1 out of 10 - but in all honesty and truth, this movie deserves a scratch. This movie has no integrity and I can not recommend it.
