What happened? Those were the first words that came to mind after this horrible movie ended for the first and last time on my computer screen. Nightmare on Elm St. was remarkably downhill after the classic cult of a first movie, but I doubt anyone expected that horrible aberration. Nobody expected this cosmic joke from a movie, and no one is more upset about it than I am. <br /> <br /> This is by far the worst film of the ANOES. It does not look too bad at first, with a genuinely scary introduction and a rather elongated shower scene with Alice. But then we hit the bottom of the pit early on, with poor performance and a confusing sequence of events. I mean, for sure, Freddy's movies are supposed to be dreamy and scary, but this is like a train disaster in a bad sequencing of events and terrible plot setting. It looks like you have a terrible headache, not like you're scared. Then the direction totally fails. None of the suspense and well-craved horror of previous sequels is found here, and even the death scenes are mostly just coarse and moronic (death by food especially) except for that cool scene that is crafted like a comic battle . That's why this movie gets a point. <br /> <br /> The plot ... lame, crippled, lame, LAME. It was an excuse to piss people off and leave the MPAA crazy, and nothing more. <br /> <br /> The acting ... should I mention how Freddy was turned into a clownish infant figure like a man-bugger? ? How did his rebirth scene make him look like a monster from a 7-year-old horror book instead of the nightmarish dreams killer and nightmare we all know and hate since the first movie? That waving and stupid arm laughed when he appeared again ... ugh. And their liners too. Throughout the movie, they suck. Seriously. A high school student could think of things funnier than the vomit that Freddy vomited during the 90-minute length of the movie. Hell, a chimpanzee could come up with far more funny lines than Freddy was told to say here. Who wrote the script for this? This movie is really annoying too. It seems so meaningless. Like a mosquito whizzing around your head, a mosquito that will not go away. Freddy is just a hassle now. We've seen him so many times before. This is no different, and most of the time you just want him to take his terrible sentences and leave the TV screen. Alice, instead of the thoughtful and quiet girl from the last film, seems annoying and shallow, and this is obviously due to the horrible and horrible script with which this film was made. Lisa Wilcox may be a great actress, and sometimes she shines here, but she can not save that movie. The other actors are terrible, especially. <br /> <br /> The last 15 or 20 minutes of Freddy's existence in this movie are terrible and embarrassing. I hope Englund is ashamed of it. Who wants to see Freddy running like a mutant gorilla with his limbs stretched out, laughing like a cartoon villain? This movie destroyed anything positive I felt for the series Nightmare. I can not see them again without this image going through my head; of the cartoon abomination that Krueger became. He was slowly becoming a retarded pop culture icon, but this is the lowest of the bass. This is the bottom of the pit. No one will ever take Freddy Krueger seriously again after seeing this movie. He is no more than a joke, a clown who is too late for retirement. Pathetic. <br /> <br /> Of all the movies I could hate, why did it have to be Nightmare on Elm St, a series that I once loved and really enjoyed? The Dream Child represents the death of a legend and the breaking of any hope I had in the series Nightmare on Elm St .. Freddy would continue to continue his downward spiral into clown status in the next installment, Freddy's Dead (which was more fun than that was, in fact), and then he would continue to bring down the mood in Freddy VS Jason, and finally he knows that this has mostly been a speech about why Freddy sucks now but this movie is generally horrible, and one of the worst movies of all time. . It is not recommended for anyone, and even the Terminology experts at ANOES will not want to see this again.
