I'm still trying to determine if the previous installment was worse than this, or vice versa. Being almost fifteen years since I've seen this movie, the fact that I remember so little about it is not a good omen. Maybe it's simply because I only watched it once or twice, but I doubt it. If there was anything worth remembering about this movie, you can be sure that I would remember it. <br /> <br /> By the time this movie was released, the franchise was still entering its dying phase, so much media coverage was attributed to it. It's never a good sign when teenie pop magazines contain explanations about the basics of the plot. One of those articles had to explain that Freddy was left too weak to infest the dreams of grown humans, so he decides to go after Alice's son. So far so good, but this is the work of the writer or the director to explain to the public. It should not be left to any unrelated publication. Making use of the trivialities given in Part Three about Freddy's conception, one can expect half the scenes that would take this joke out of the "baby horror" category. but unfortunately this was not meant to be. It will show the complete idiocy of the American classification system that a b'harni piece of junk like this could get the same rating as a genuinely scary piece like the original. <br /> <br /> By this time, the franchise failed to attract anyone with an active career. Fortunately, or unfortunately depending on how you look, Lisa Wilcox was there to provide a competent acting quotient. Or maybe she looks competent in comparison to the rest of the cast. Anyway, since her last role was in something called The New Adventures of the Blade of Chastity, I doubt if she really had anything else for her. Even poor Robert Englund has been in better productions than in the last fifteen years. <br /> <br /> Given that box office returns were steadily declining, and not just for that franchise, at the time, I felt that studios would realize that castrating their films does not make them more salable. In fact, this particular film, as well as its immediate predecessor, was so neutralized that not only did it attract a new audience, but it also alienated the target audience that originally supported the franchise. Despite this, part five should get some credit for not having the luminous, luminescent feel that made the four part so offensive to look at. <br /> <br /> I gave The Nightmare On Elm Street, Part Five, one in ten. . In trying to please everyone, or everyone's idea of ​​the MPAA, she can appeal to anyone. Like parts two and four, one can completely erase it from continuity, and no one would notice the difference.
