This is crap ... absolute crap. I can not believe that any company could even get people to work on a movie like this. Full Moon has a horrible series of movies, but that has got to be the worst. First, the plot does not exist. Is weird. It's like, they got an idea for the story, and never got to develop it. They seemed to have lost a lot of time filming outdoor scenes as the two "heroes" circled the desert, and Bradbury talks nonsense for about 10 minutes. There were two scenes in the film (when Dez and Dazzy are driving, and when Dez and Bradbury are driving), where they just kept going and continued ... it was almost like two video clips in the place where there should have been some dialogue or action. They only drove for about 5 minutes, with nothing but music and scenes of the surrounding landscape. <br /> <br /> Then we get to acting, which is just plain awful. First, the girl who plays Dazzy is just a beast. She's so scary, I wanted to look away when she was on the screen! Horrible casting. So, you have the guy who played Ten, who could not act if his life depended on it. His "crying" is really funny, and his crazy antics are even funnier. The guy who plays the hotel receptionist is as bad as the guy who plays Bradbury. There was no performance that deserves any recognition in this film. <br /> <br /> The effects of makeup ... hmmm, can anyone say it is pathetic? The "effects" were so false that they were laughable. The little crazy robot looking at the catepio thing catches someone, they cut it, and when they come back, the guy has a completely false flesh wound. Nice. They ran out of money on the makeup budget or what ?! I must say the drugged girl who's in the girl's apartment ... cool makeup there too. I think they were going for a visual junkie, and I think she should have a black guy, but it looked more like a cheap zombie makeup for Halloween. <br /> <br /> This movie is horrible from the start. The story is stupid and very, very unoriginal, the direction seems as good as that of a 10-year-old child, the acting is the lowest in the downtown, and so on. Stay away from this movie at all costs. They are only 70 minutes long, and at least 20 minutes are occupied by music and without dialogue or with the character sitting in the hotel. Do not waste your time on this piece of junk.
