A fashionably fragmented character study, though half carried out in an enraged way, an examination of the different personalities of two college roommates: a talented but undisciplined basketball star and a mass-agitator who smoked marijuana. We never learn because these young people are friends. They may share confusion about the world and its places, but they do not seem to have anything in common. Making his directorial debut, Jack Nicholson - who also co-wrote the screenplay with Jeremy Larner, based on Larner's book - does not introduce us to the characters with any clarity or shape the scenes to help us identify with anyone. on the screen. There are some very decent performances here (particularly of the newcomer William Tepper in the central role), but most of the image is not formed (perhaps intentionally), incomplete or insecure. Bruce Dern plays the difficult basketball coach, Karen Black is the oldest woman and married to whom Tepper is having an affair, and Michael Margotta is Tepper's rebellious friend (in a disheartening and exaggerated performance). Nicholson can not configure the sequences with any particular flavor, preferring (I suppose) to let the interaction of the character dominate the tone of the film; your script also does not help, and as a result it is unclear who we should sympathize with. Small random moments work (a supermarket fight between Tepper and Black, Dern visiting Tepper in his dorm, all the scenes marked on the court), however the whole third act of the scene is an excruciating mess. In the hope of juxtaposing a very important b-ball game with a sexual assault, Nicholson shows no style in his trade (nor earns points for daring, since the staging of these events is unpleasant and ugly). When a director goes out of his way to humiliate his actors, one must question his motives for doing so. Perhaps if "Drive, He Said" made some kind of powerful claim in the bargain, the public could forgive the filmmaker for his lapses of judgment and good taste. Unfortunately, the closest pundit is as stupefying as the rest of the film. * 1/2 of ****
