Yes, I "understand" Pasolini and his environment, but at the same time, I feel that his "Decameron" is largely overrated and more than a little disturbing. Overrated because the supposed "realism" it introduces (crowds, crumbling architecture, etc.) is questioned by the absurd and blatant way the characters behave. In pursuit of realism, Pasolini used many non-actors, but his deer looks on the headlights and painfully clumsy delivery of lines give the whole a terribly unbalanced and inconsistent feeling. And frankly - many of the toothless and deformed people are painful to look at. <br /> <br /> Pasolini's "Decameron" is disturbing (at least to me) because of the casual and predominant homosexual content. Not because I am puritanical or homophobic (I am none), but because Pasolini's emphasis on homoerotic images and situations is contrary to the neorealism he defends otherwise, so that it is gratuitous and forced. One can almost hear him say "Ooh - I have to put a handsome, naked boy in this scene!" Sometimes it seems that Pasolini is trying to show the homosexual angle to criticize the nose of critics, and sometimes because he likes himself, no matter what his audience prefers. The disarticulation of Pasolini's 9 or 10 different stories of Decameron seemed to me to be Pasolini's failure as a storyteller rather than an aspect of neorealism. He seems to be bored with each story and so he engages them in an unconvincing way and with little conviction. Even the last line of Pasolini's dialogue in the film, which some people seem to find energetic ("Why creating a work of art while dreaming about it is much sweeter?") - for me, that makes me wonder why Pasolini bothers make a movie if it feels that way? In my opinion, a much better film (and with more homosexual content) is Fellini's "Satyricon". He is also full of people of bizarre appearance and absurd situations, but is successful because of his pace, direction and strong narrative, while "Decameron" fails by those same elements.
