Pier Paolo Pasolini, or Pee-pee-pee as I prefer to call him (because of his love of showing male genitals), is perhaps the most overrated European Marxist director - and they are thick on the floor. How one can see "art" in this messy cheap sex mix is ​​beyond me. Some of the "stories" here might have come straight out of a soft-core porn movie, and I'm not referring so much to nudity, but to the simplistic, banal, often nonsensical stories. Anyone who has enjoyed this rather assistive, but idiot, oddity really must sink their teeth into the German film series of the '70s "Der Schulmaedchenreport," because that's how "Decameron" looks like me. <br /> <br /> In addition, the film is sloppy on almost every level, from beginning to end: 1. Edition An example: at 1 hour: 15 minutes: 45 seconds, there is a chase scene that is clearly placed in the wrong place. It was to be placed about a minute later, but I think Pasolini must have hired intoxicated editors who have little time for the "delicate details" of filmmaking. Fans of Pee-pee-pee would probably tell this by saying that it was intentionally put in - which I highly doubt. Moreover, even if that were true, this would be even worse, because this story earns absolutely nothing, making it harder to follow. (This is not exactly "Eraserhead" or one of the deformed films of Tarantino ...) 2. Vey careless acting. Triple Pee fans (all 8 of them) proudly declare how 3P-O uses "real people instead of actors". Of course, many actors have IQ below average, but does that mean we should treat them with contempt ...?) Other directors have used amateurs and have had success (as Alan Parker or De Niro), so why are PPP amateurs so terrifying in their movies? The answer is once again a frightening slap. Pasolini is sloppy at all, and this includes trying to get the most out of his toothless amateurs. He's a lazy director, an IMperfectionist, if you want. The anti-Kubrick, I suppose ... The main objective of pee during casting should have been to find as many as possible teethless elderly people (and young men who are to their liking). In Pasolini's world there is a simple formula: lack of teeth + strange face = realism. It's okay and good to have them edentulous, but at least try to get some at least semi-decent performances from these inexperienced neotésicos, otherwise you're also an amateur - an amateur director in Pasolini's case. If 3P-0 was not able to do this or simply did not care, it does not change anything. (Who knows ... maybe he did not even notice the horrible performance?) 3. Audio. Synchronization. If 3P-0 thought that microphones were too much work during film filming, then he should have made at least a concentrated effort in post-production, that is, get all these actors to speak their that we viewers do not have to see the mouths move as the indescribable dialogue floats elsewhere in the film. <br /> <br /> 4. Lack of concept. We have close to a dozen stories that are not connected in any meaningful way. Some are anti-Church (more on that later), while some are just sexual threads, meaning cheap male (sometimes gay) fantasies meant to excite and nothing more. Stories and characters are not fun (if at all) on a smart level, but on the lower level. 10-year-olds can laugh here ... And there's nothing wrong with that, but do not call it exalted intellectual art! <br /> <br /> 5. As a result of point 4, there is also a lack of logic in the order of the stories. Is obvious. Pee-pee-pee could have arranged the order in any other way, and we would have the same movie. It also means that you can feel free to start from the middle and back to the beginning, etc. "Decameron" is like a bowl of spaghetti so: when you start to eat it, you can start with any yarn you want, it makes no difference at all. <br /> <br /> 6. The uselessness of the resolutions of the stories. Most stories end with a cheap joke, that is, a stupid joke from a porn comic, while some stories do not even come to a conclusion: they simply end. Finite. At best, stories are assiduous semi-anecdotes, almost no deeper meaning - unless you find "deep" meanings in a porn movie. There is, of course, nothing easier than to seek and find "meaning" where there is an absence of it. So even any hardcore porn movie can be philosophised / meditated indefinitely. It's easy and fun. Try it, oh ye 8 PPP fans! <br /> <br /> As for the attack on the Church ... Some spectators are excited by their attack on Catholicism and what is not. In principle, all right and well - after all, I am an atheist - but what these people ignore is the simple but essential fact that Pasolini was a Marxist. It's like the pot calling the kettle black. A Marxist criticizing the Church for hypocrisy and stupidity? Where does he get the guts? Moreover, Pasolini was not an atheist, so his stance of high and mighty and hypocritical is not justified. After all, Marxists are believers: they simply replaced the accepted god with the idea of ​​a utopia, which is merely another supernatural fantasy of positive thinking. So I can not get excited about the PPP anti-religion tricks. This sophomoric anthology humpdorama ends with Pasolini saying pretentiously: "I wonder ... Why produce a work of art when it's good to dream it?" He was not referring to this silly little movie as art, was it ...? In case he is - the poor man deluded - then I have to wonder why he not only left it in a dream, and he did not make all those bad movies ... <br /> <br /> I want to read my changed captions of Bergman Movies? Send me an e-mail.
