The tragedy is that this piece of crap was part of my resume while I was studying film. So imagine how I was forced to watch it complete. Believe me, going through hell is a lot easier. Our teacher told us that this is some movie, but he never thought we would disagree or assume the right. I do not think there is any god on earth, we are only human, so all filmmakers, therefore, they CAN make mistakes, bad movies ... or very bad too. The main problem was not that art, by all means, is susceptible to infinite points of view, but that many people simply do not understand, that every human being has his own genuine taste, his own opinion, hence what I suppose the biggest movie ever made, may also be the worst of them all, and how right is it both ways, but how many people can understand this correctly? So my teacher believes in this film and I just do not. However, the only way to evaluate this "thing" is to measure it by its original intention of showing us different kinds of ancient folk stories or whatever it is to capture the mentality, imagination and nature of that society. To tell the truth, Mr. Pier Paolo Pasolini, as writer and director, made it unbearable to watch in the first place. The movie is so ugly. I can not stand this, so how about analyzing it, then discovering the potential beauty in it! It is beyond his stinking mind, and strangely not for the sake of the movie or anything, it is in favor of Pasolini's unstable vision. His work is so primitive in undeveloped extent. The deadly cinematic technique, the effective sense of foolishness, and the incredible horribleness made everything unpleasant. See the atrocious performance, the fruitless cinematography, the incredibly poor sets, ... OH MY GOD I already have the nausea. You can end your objectivity violently, because watching this movie is a real pain, like taking the wisdom tooth from a blind doctor. There are terrible nightmares that could be more merciful than that. So, originally, how to continue this just to analyze it fairly? In fact, you do not. As this same film does not treat you fairly. There's a really memorable scene here where some kids pee in the eye of the camera (!) I'm trying to connect some things like this with the end of Pasolini as murdered.
