For me, an unsatisfactory and unconvincing assault film. With an A-List cast, particularly the three protagonists and an experienced independent director like Spike Lee, I was expecting a lot more and in the end I felt that what was delivered added little to this subgenre of the film. To begin with, I did not like the rhythm of the film, starting with Clive Owen's mind and rationale for the camera, unnecessarily repeated at the conclusion, then finding the narrative filled with confused, not to say unrealistic, witness interviews. So you found yourself jumping into the scenes you felt had started earlier. Of course the camera work is fluid all the time, constantly moving and incorporating handheld scenes, but director Lee can not deliver emotions or suspense, falling fundamentally by doing nothing of the main protagonists of the film. Denzel Washington is overwhelmed with the clothes and chatter of a Shaft movie thirty-five years earlier (he even has that "no one understands but his wife" thing, replete with his "hot" girlfriend, teasing her with some "small talk" and his rude "In the Heat of the Night" with Willem Defoe (almost in a part) almost does not create a wave.Clive Owens interprets its character with a decidedly English accent, even when we are led to believe that the gang Jodie Foster offers another one of its patented ice spinster, sub-Clarice Starling, who turns into a well-connected financial bounty hunter, (a lot of), it's a real mix of a movie, with a slight but obvious twist in the end, actually the title gives you from the beginning, spoiler fans. is certainly the Was-Testimony interview hington, unbelievably, with an 8-year-old street kid, although Owen's dialogue with the same child minutes before comes close in the embarrassing stakes. During the film, the references made in the piece are made by characters for classic assault films like "Serpico" and "Dog Day Afternoon" - but there is no honor in self-praise. More like "The Hot Rock" instead ... and even this was good for a few laughs.
