I like a good slow drama. Christmas in August, Chungking Express, Virgin Stripped Bare by their bachelors, the way home, Spring in a small town, Eat Drink Man woman, dolls, in the mood for love and spring summer autumn winter spring are all nice movies ?? just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, there is a subset of films within the genre of drama that try to capture the good films while providing nothing of interest. These are what I call IAN movies? "Incomprehensible Artistic Absurdity." Tsai Ming-liang is the king of this subgenre and Vive L'Amour is his "masterpiece". In fact, this is the crème de la crème of garbage infested with crap under the guise of "art". People walk in their apartments, drink water, walk back and forth waiting for public phones to be empty, hang posters, staple papers together, go to the bathroom, eat, do pushups, have sex, hit mosquitoes, and so on. I'm not joking when I say it's a complete synopsis of the whole movie, which is the quintessence of the useless junk in the house of art. There is no plot, no plot, no interesting or noteworthy events, no emotion, no meaningful dialogue, and more importantly? without drama. <br /> <br /> The most agitated scene has two people "beating" in a bed with a person masturbating under the mattress ?? ironic that it is also totally insipid and gratuitous. The relationship of the characters in the bed is practically nonexistent. Apparently, Tsai did not want to communicate anything to the viewer about these people, other than the obvious fact that they like to "hit." The person under the bed is so one-dimensional and uninteresting. He likes to drink water, make melon and caress himself. This is Tsai's idea of ​​"character development." A truly "true" artist. <br /> <br /> Tsai's real contribution to Live L'Amour is perhaps the most egregious scene in movie history. Does he first show the lead actress walking all the way from one end of a park to the other for 285 seconds in a row, only to later show her crying hysterically? for absolutely no reason? for another 356 consecutive seconds. The movie ends abruptly. No point No entertainment. Only pure concentrated torture inflicted on the viewer. <br /> <br /> In an effort to beat a dead horse. The underlying theme of loneliness is so mistreated that the only real feeling in this film is boredom. In fact, Kiyoshi Kurosawa offers a much better exposure on loneliness in his Kairo horror movie. And guess what? In fact, it IS INTERESTING! That movie got as slow as molasses in January, but there are better ways to approach the concept of loneliness than the waste known as Vive L'Amour. Kairo is a perfect example of this. Film fans may thank Tsai Ming-liang for directing this film as he has provided irrefutable evidence that art cinema can be as badly made as B-cinema. horror movies made for television. The snobs of art have now officially lost their pedestal of self-righteousness. The level of quality of your precious genre now overlaps with movies like Army of Darkness and ?? Sigh! ??? Showgirls. How do you like apples?
