No film with Madeleine Carroll in her cast could be unacceptable. That said, I must add that this British film comes close. The story takes place aboard the "SS Atlantic" and is loosely based on the unfinished voyage of the "Titanic". The word "unsinkable" is spoken, the transatlantic strikes an iceberg and we hear a celestial choir singing "Closer to my God for You." Convicted passengers eventually take up the anthem in a bit of smart work. But the film's release year (1929) means that a modern viewer has to accept the primitive sound and many of the acting conventions of the silent films and the stage. These are not problems. The biggest flaw in the movie is the rhythm, and the rhythm was well developed in silence. However, if the dialog box were delivered at a realistic speed, the movie's runtime would be reduced by half. The intended effect was drama (and clarity in a new medium), but the result unfortunately is tiring now. The structure of the film is absurdly illogical and inept. Paradoxically, I found certain editing details quite modern in technique: subtle and subtle cuts from one area of ​​the craft to another, sometimes even in sound effects. Although we were aboard the "Atlantic" from the first shot, we spent more than 4 minutes in the film before discovering that fact. There are long intrusive musical passages of the ship's dance orchestra. (Fun, easy sound). Personal stories are presented in a totally non-engaging and unconvincing way. Do not even think of a show. The iceberg is a small thing and the outside damage it does to the ship's hull is a minor tooth. However, scenes of passengers swarming in lifeboats - clearly staged on a royal liner, presumably tied to a dock - generate great enthusiasm. In addition to the glorious Miss Carroll, these sequences are the only points of excellence of the film. As the film and the ship approach the end, the screen goes black several times when the power generators begin to fail. His last eternal blackout is the end of the movie, with a sunset / sunrise, a clumsy symbolic effect. "Atlantic" is a cinematic curiosity. At best. <br /> <br />
