I'm a Motion Picture graduate from Wright State University in Ohio and yesterday I had the opportunity to watch this horrible movie in the classroom. We were told by our teacher that it would be very funny for us, but the reason we were watching was because it was one of the first sound films - a complete disaster. <br /> <br /> The problem with the initial sound films were that Hollywood actors only knew how to make silent movies and were not good at memorizing lines. So producers and directors looked on the stage to get actors. Sounds like a great idea, right? Well, the kind of acting you do on stage does not look very well in the movies. Most of the actors in "Atlantic" look and seem to be acting on one piece, which results in lots of lolling over-action. Another limitation of early sound films was microphone technology. You could not move the microphones as you can today, you had to keep them static or you would catch the sound of the air moving. Generally, there was a microphone used in any scene in that movie. In one particular scene, there is a man sitting at a table. Someone walks up to him and hands his line, then walks away. Another actor comes from behind him, delivers his line and then leaves. It goes on like this for a few more people. The microphone is obviously next to the man at the desk, creating a risible carousel of actors. <br /> <br /> These are just technical problems. If you go into history and direction, it gets even worse. The story is a fictional account of what happened on the Titanic. The characters are unbelievable and meaningless. A "story" about a man cheating on his wife and teenage daughter has no place in the film. It is poorly resolved and leaves you wondering why you were there in the first place. A terrible attempt at great drama, the actors make long pregnant breaks between the queues many times. It's tiring, and you can not wait for this 90-minute movie (look like at least 180) to finish. I will not talk much about the issue of racism at this time in our country, but it really did offend me that there were only two blacks in the whole film, and they were portrayed as animals. They both pushed women and children to try to get into one of the lifeboats. They were ordered to stop or be shot, and of course they did not do so they were shot. I was shocked. <br /> <br /> I give this movie a 2/10. I would have given it a 1/10 (the lowest rating possible), but I gave it an extra point just because it was one of the first sound films, and I tried to put it in context. If you want to see a good early sound film, check out Alfred Hitchcock's "Blackmail," which also came out in the year 1929. You'll find that the best directors were able to adapt to the new technology immediately.
