Film: There are some very interesting comments about the movie about IMDb. It's really awful. Not enough money is spent on the film and the way Spike Lee did, it looks like a combination of an indie movie and an action movie. Characters / Actors: Denzel did "EXACTLY" what he does in all the movies, so it's no surprise. Here's a little mental game for the readers. Think fast about 10 Denzel movies. Now count how many of them were in which he threw a police guard / detective / body, whatever. Clive Owen, hmmmmmm, this guy needs a better role on his plate soon. His best performance was in "Beyond Borders". Also, he did pretty much the same thing he does in all the movies too. His tone and manner of speaking was very much like what he did in Sin City. Surely this guy knows how to act, what he does not know is the best way to choose roles. He's desperately in need of a better agent. Jodie Foster was brilliant in the movie if you're watching her for the first time in your life. She did better. She had better roles. It turns out in Hollywood that even the biggest stars fall to their knees and do low-grade roles as Jody Foster did in this movie. Synopsis: The plot was not confusing, in fact, I could think of such a plot, actually the whole movie, while taking a dump after a good Chinese dinner. I mean, come on, SPOILER ON THE WAY ----> I'm sick of the unnecessary Haulocast and the symbol of Racism. The movie is about bank robbers, why put Haulocast and Racism there, good attempt to play with people's emotions, work on someone else? I DO NOT. Did the police let the bank robbers think they were hostages? Riiiiiiight, please, we're talking about the US police force and security here. No one could find out where Clive was, that is, they found nothing different in that room. Who are we kidding? Conclusion: Of course, go watch this movie, if nothing, you will have a good time talking to your friends how the movie was bad. At least people will not think you're stupid to watch this movie because they think you went to watch it because it has a great cast of "MISTAKE" stars.
