This is a stupid movie. Maybe my judgment would not be so hard if the movie did not promise so much, but I just felt that this movie betrayed me and made me a fool around every corner. <br /> <br /> I did not have any meat with the acting, but I found the characters horrible. The movie begins with the character of Clive Owen telling us that he is a criminal, and how he planned the perfect bank robbery, something he often reminds us later. Oh, yes, he also tells us that he is in a prison cell, although this is a stupid metaphor. Any idiot knows that the best bank robbery is one where a minimum number of things could go wrong, and you're a long way before the police appear. But Clive Owen's scheme requires you to go around the bank for hours - no reason, but to walk around and look scary to my knowledge. He also has to handle hostages, negotiate with police officers, and, most fantastic of all, take a job at the bank's warehouse and hide there for a week (I hope he brought enough food and a bucket to pee) and then leave again. Yes, it certainly sounds like the perfect crime for me, Clive! This plan has so many moving parts that the only reason it did not break down was the screenwriter said. <br /> <br /> And then there are many unexplained details: Why were the cops so convinced that thugs had accomplices among the hostages? Who the hell is Jodie Foster's character, and why is she so important that she has the mayor at her disposal and she does not have to tell Denzel Washington her schedule because "she's over her salary scale?" How stupid are these cops that they can not figure out that a guy speaking in a foreign language for hours is not the sound of a criminal gang planning an assault? How the thieves escaped and why Clive Owen stayed for a week? How did they find out about the president's past and the number and contents of his safe? Why on earth would Clive Owen leave Jodie Foster or the police? Since when do they make toy AK-47s that look real close up? How the hell did you bug a pizza box, anyway? How could Clive Owen escape from a secure area of ​​the bank during work hours without being detected? Did this dispassionate criminal really feel attached to this policeman Denzel to give him a diamond? <br /> <br /> None of these questions is answered. There are movies that go deep leaving you wondering about the events that happen off-screen, but I've never felt that way about Inside Man. It seemed like the scenes that explained these things were cut out of the movie, or those questions never got answered first place, and that is weak. Particularly annoying is the character of Jodie Foster, who does not reveal what she does, but it seems she never tires of reminding her how important she is. We should just believe her word, I guess. <br /> <br /> The only reason I gave this movie two stars is that I laughed at the taxi jokes and pina colada of Denzel, and the boy's outrageous video game. Other than that, this movie has no redeeming features.
