I have seen most of Ryuhei Kitamura's work and I have come to the conclusion that he has a special talent for action. Scenes are kinetic and fast, often combining elements of martial arts, weapon fights and samurai fights with camera work that effectively captures the carnage on the screen. With "Versus" and "Aragami" Kitamura demonstrated that creativity and showed that he is more than capable of working with a low budget. So, what happened in "Alive"? To be more direct, the answer would be ... nothing. Nothing happened in "Alive", it was a two hour movie with little or no action and little or no character and plot. <br /> <br /> Adapted from a comic book by Tsutomu Takahashi "Alive" is an examination of the life of a Tenshu Yashiro (played by Hideo Sasaki) a death row convict who survives his execution. He is then given the option of repeating the execution or undergoing a series of bizarre experiments. He chooses the latter and soon after he is placed in a room along with a rapist and then with a girl infected with a strange parasite that in exchange for the host's humanity grants supernatural powers. Of course, sometime the parasite moves on Yashiro, the bad thing is that it does not happen too soon. <br /> <br /> Similar to "Aragami", "Alive" defines its first half by establishing basic exposure. Characters are introduced, their motives are defined and their relationships with each other are discovered. The whole thing happens in just one set. The first big problem of this comparison is that while "Aragami" was only a 70-minute film, "Alive" drags on for more than two hours, making the first part in an hour. This length could have been justified if the characters had become a little more interesting, but unfortunately, that is not the case. The dialogue is dry, monotonous, transmitted without any feeling of emotion or depth; the characters themselves are not very interesting. There were a few minor attempts to make "Alive" a bit more morally ambiguous, but in the end it all came down to the classic: the evil government against, the super-powerful protagonist, that you guessed it, save the girl in the end. As I said earlier, the whole movie practically happens in just one set, and after two hours that get boring, worse still, the design of the scenario itself was not interesting, and does not help much in other respects. Now, after the first part is over, one might think that Kitamura would do at least some fun action scenes to make up for the tedious start. Unfortunately, this is not the case. The only two fights are actually shots of similar fights from Hollywood movies, complete with bullet-time effects and psychic powers. They are simply not interesting or entertaining, Kitamura's creativity of "Versus" is gone, the small set up limits your camera many times impressive and it all boils down to generic and expected fights, really a shame. <br /> <Evidently, "Aragami" was better on all accounts and "Kitamura" learned something from "Alive". So it was not at least a total loss watching this movie. If only to understand the mistakes made, how to correct them and create a better and more fun movie.
