It seems to me that the pseudonym "Bachman" by Stephen King was a way for him to expose some of the cruellest, crude and malicious things he wanted to write without "contaminating" his "mark." If you look back at "Bachman Books" (Running Man, The Long Walk, Roadwork, Thinner) you realize that they have a sealed feeling of shortness of breath and lack of hope about them that is distinct from the mainstream King. I realize we're talking about the guy whose first novel featured a humiliated, blood-soaked, emotionally crippled teen slaughtering everyone at his prom ... but the king always has characters and plot elements that leave sadness a little more procedures, and especially endings that offer at least a glimpse of human hope and feeling. Bachman's books are simple and always end badly. (BTW, "Pet Semetary" could easily have been a Bachman book if King had not revealed the pseudonym until then, and "The Dark Half" seems to be at least partially about his "Bachman" persona.) <br /> < Thinner "was Bachman's last book, and man, with his themes of class warfare, vengeance and death by starvation, is unpleasant. So it should come as no surprise that the film does the same. <br /> <br /> What is a surprise is that the adaptation seems to be filmed on a "TV Movie of the Week" level, rather than something worthy of a theatrical release. (Nowadays, something like this would probably go directly to DVD or cable). Make-up work and the striking reason (dying of hunger in the midst of abundance, a metaphor for the undernourished, undernourished middle-class American, if it ever existed) is all that keeps you watching this flaw. <br /> <br /> What went wrong? My first thought is that the director was going for the nasty Bachman vibe, but he also somehow sucked the whole interest in the film with poor cast choices - the actors here (with the exception of Joe Monetegna) simply can not take the movie . And then he squeezed the heat and life out of the rest of the film with an awkward rhythm and scene structure. Moreover, he could not leave the plot alone, and his changes did not really help. The script and dialogue should work, but most of the film simply stays there. Everything is stuffy, monotonous, airless, and not fun to watch ... with the vivid exception of the main character's show getting ... leaner, leaner, and leaner. <br /> <br /> As others have pointed out, "Thinner" is by no means King's worst movie ever made (or even the second worst). And it has a terrible and irresistible fascination due to the theme and the careful work of makeup. But for the first time, viewers should approach this with reduced expectations.
