No, I did not read Stephen King's novel, "Thinner," but I choked on the movie version. Horror movies are an acquired taste. Regular films give audiences a hero to applaud as they strive to achieve a goal. In horror movies, the public is invited to savor the disappearance of characters. In the chiller of low-fat, but tasteless, revenge of director Tom Holland, "Thinner", no one wins and everyone deserves the bite that is placed on them. Gluttonous New England lawyer Billy Halleck (Robert John Burke of "Robocop 3") has a weight problem. Despite swaying the 300-pound bathroom scales, he seems happily married to a delightful wife, Heidi (Lucinda Jenney of "GI Jane") with a fierce teenage daughter. <br /> Fat does not mean stupid here. Halleck shows his wit in court when he wins an acquittal verdict for the despicable mafia boss Richie Ginelli (Joe Mantegna of the "House of the Games"). Driving home after a victory party, Billy hits an old gypsy that crosses the street and kills him. A cover-up occurs and Halleck's friends take him out of the soup. Disgruntled Gypsy father Taduz Lemke (Michael Constantine of "Skidoo") retaliates with a curse on the burly lawyer and the two city officials who exonerated him. Suddenly, Halleck finds himself losing weight, no matter how much he chews. When he begs the vengeful gypsy to lift the curse, the old man refuses. Desperately, Halleck turns to Richie. While Halleck fights with the gypsies to remove the spell, he discovers that his faithful wife turned his attentions to the city doctor. "Thinner" qualifies not just as a ridiculously inept horror film, but filmmakers also rely on stereotypes of men and women. Tom Holland, who directed "Child's Play" (1988), and the showman Michael McDowell, served such a despicable script that you may not like to see Billy get his fair dessert and wither. "Thinner" has some shocks and fewer surprises. The filmmakers may have regurgitated King's novel, but they filled any sense of horror and humor contained in it. Holland and McDowell introduce characters, like the Mafioso, and then inexplicably get them off the hook. A smaller character appears long enough to die and have a chicken head tucked into his mouth. <br /> <br /> The stereotyped behavior of the characters can offend the audience as well. "Thinner" portrays women as sexually overextended women and men as swine. When Halleck arrives from a clinic, he finds his doctor's sports car parked in his home. His suspicions mature into jealousy and he prepares a scheme to transfer the curse to this wife. Even the premature ending has no satiric flavor. Oscar-winning special effects assistant Greg Cannom of "Van Helsing" and makeup artist Bob Laden do a fabulous job of reinforcing actor Robert John Burke to look obese. They also succeed in making it wither. <br /> <br /> Only the harsh fans of Stephen King will be able to tolerate this misogynist gooledyspook.
