I do not really know where to start with one of the worst movies I've had the dislike of watching in a long time. From the setting it was pretty obvious and very clear to anyone who has ever visited London for up to 1 day will agree ... it was not London. In a very inexplicable way, as the character of Snipe managed to escape the country back to the US without a single problem. Then he convinces the girl and the grandmother to visit him in America, as on earth Grandma agreed to it ... he is a murderer! Well, that's the end of it all during the movie, well, unfortunately, it did not go much better. We have British cops driving an incredible variety of cars, I'm sure it was an 80's Belmont Vauxhall who chased the cab after the mission, but a modern Subaru Imprezza escorting the prison van into some previous scenes. E19 or whoever the Met's armed wing they were trying to portray was running happily down the streets with their guns chasing after Snipe along with the CIA. There were kids walking around, but the police were still saying they had a clear chance to shoot him, does this happen in London? No, I do not live there. We also got the very implausible trip from central London to the airport (let's say Heathrow because of arguments) within 5 minutes of receiving a call. We also have terrible American accents, a young woman who is older than the queen, but lives in Elephant & Castle. What do you say to the British police when helicopters and a number of police officers at Snipe's location can not find Snipe and he manages to escape capture by hiding behind some stairs? The train station obviously was not even in the UK, and the sound effects of the fight scene were terrible. The plot was also extremely poor, boring and was written and filmed much better a thousand times before. But there were some notable actors in the movie, what they were thinking and please do not let that influence you to watch this movie! This movie does not seem to know what it wanted to be if you are going to focus on the dramatic aspects of the aftermath of a designation, so you need a strong and rigid plot with plausible scenario and scenario, this is something that the viewer has time to absorb and enjoy and if you do it wrong then you realize it. If you want an action movie (which it is not), continuity and scenery can be set aside.
