And finally, old and old Michael Corleone falls and goes "THUMP!" Who actually did the writing for this last installment of the Godfather saga? Probably the same team that does "As the World Turns". This movie does not deserve the title of "Padrinho". Let's call it "The Things About Our Nostras" or "All My Capos". As someone who has encountered several mafia people in my professional life, I can say without exception that I have never encountered any mafioso as contentious and contemplative as Michael Corleone. Let's face it, these guys are in the mafia just because they are greedy, nothing more. In this film, Don Corleone spends a lot of time pondering his past accomplishments and his dark future, perhaps even the Afterlife, then he recovers remarkably fast in order to accomplish some fantastic deal or order the death of this or that one as the great time operator he it's in the background. So, your marriage has failed. After the break-up scenes in G2, we can expect Michael & Kay to reunite as husband and wife, but here they seem to become good platonic friends who can laugh and cry and share intimate thoughts about their lives. It's as if the writers try to turn Michael into a woman. It is bizarre behavior for two people who shared the passion of the marriage bed for 9 years. There are some mistakes here and there, or maybe they are sins of authorship. Sophia Coppola, a poor girl in the country, is overwhelmed with a hopeless role, with many short lines in the film that do not fit what a young woman would say in casual conversations - they received "remarks" instead of "speeches" to emote. His enthralling 'love' scene with Andy Garcia looks like something of a bad teen sex comedy as they chew their open-mouthed kisses and caress each other on the kitchen platform like puppets ... the sex of the canopy was brought beautifully by Glenn Close and Michael Douglas, but it's laughable here. Then there's Andy's character, Vinnie Mancini, who also played a difficult and ungrateful role to play. He is expected, I think, to be the new and new Don Corleone, but he almost delivered the work on a silver platter and has little to do to strengthen his position, unlike Michael's simultaneous successes in all 5 families in the G1. This delivery process can be an authentic way of transferring power in a Mafia Family, but why is it so much boring? Of course, Don Vincent can earn the respect of his fellow gangsters someday, but there are few character revelations in the script to give us a picture of this young man, unfortunately. Puzo did such a good job of quickly and concisely developing Michael's character in the G1. But, the G3 has no savings in storytelling and we suffer with drawn displays until we just want to take a nap. Thirdly, George Hamilton was also given an unpleasant task by taking up the position of family lawyer after Robt Duvall turned down a third party like Tom Hagen. George wisely underestimated his role, then left without undue damage to the actor. The development of the character of Connie Corleone is interesting, but goes too far when she takes the murderous matters into her own hands (she could end up sleeping with the Fredos, if that was the real world). But not everything is bad. The murder scene on the hotel roof is cool! Also, "they keep pulling me back" or words for that purpose is a great line. And, we recovered some of the old country feel like we can go back to Sicily, even if everything was done in 1989 and they have modern cars and haircuts. The plot lines that involve the corrupt hierarchy of the Catholic Church are quite interesting, since they are based on some real financial pranks on the Vaticani Bank in the 80s, but this has been taken too far, again, with the spectacular scenes of death, etc. . Opera scenes are very dramatic and well photographed. But the scene of Mary's death to the end is an unbalanced attempt at emotional manipulation, at best. All writers need to learn that we do not always need more and more deaths to bring a Mafia movie to a successful conclusion. You feel sorry for Kay that your daughter is dead, she plays her pain so well, but Michael's reaction is hammy, hammy, hammy. So Michael dies sometime in the 21st century in Sicily, alone in a large estate, heart failure ... not a grandson to play before his death, no wife to mourn for him. What should have happened in the last half of this movie is Michael being tracked down by someone like Rudy Guilliani, brought to trial, all the little business and the bloodthirsty indulgences of his dirty family brought to light, Michael then sentenced under RICO statutes and sent to the federal prison for life ... then he may fall to death because of heart failure while rubbing a floor in LEAVENWORTH. That's how the mafia bosses ended their careers in the late 1980s and early 1990s and got much better treatment than they deserved.
