I have been out for several years lurking on these boards because of the sheer lack of intelligence that is communicated through the comments that periodically appear in the IMDb space of this movie. I saw this movie courtesy of the New York subway Asian Film Festival (which had an excellent selection of movies this year, see Vital, June Snake, CHA NO AJI, Survive Style) and I regretted every day that a scene from that film disengages from the back of my mind, and becomes a vivid memory. <br /> <br /> I'm sure you can read a complimentary summary of the movie out of Subway Cinema, which is probably why I made the mistake. to drag my friend to the movie. The description has built the kind of horror movie I longed for, which is based on sheer terror rather than cheap scares. P was indeed different. He relied on cheap laughs. The incredibly annoying announcer described this movie as "Lesbians Unite to Fight Monsters". Completely false. There's a subframe built in this movie to make it look like the relationship between the girl and Pookie is going somewhere. More lies. This movie looks like a short made for "Are you afraid of the dark?" The story is ridiculous, and it only managed to provoke laughter and confusion from the audience after they finally rescinded their attempt to see this movie with some semblance of seriousness and tried to forget the $ 9 they had wasted on the door. I almost wish that paul spurrier was in the audience so I could laugh at him and ask why he spent five years in thailand to make a bad porn horror porn that belongs to the seasoning channel that only managed to catch the excommunicated actress of his family , and caused a slight stir at the Belgian film festival. The only agitation this caused was a gurgle in the small intestine, since he could not extract himself from the sh * te that is. Anyway, I hope I can convince anyone to make the serious mistake of seeing this movie, it was actually one of my top 3 movie experiences, knocking out the soul plan for number 2.
