Near the beginning of "The Godfather: Part III," the son of Michael Corleone wants to drop out of law school and become a musician. Michael Corleone does not want this. But his ex-wife, Kay, manages to convince him to let Anthony Corleone get the music as he wishes. So it does. <br /> <br /> This seems like a weird way to start a review, since it's a minor point in the plot and has nothing to do with the main action. Just have patience with me here; you'll see where I'm going with this eventually. Now let me talk about the main plot. It's about Michael Corleone wanting to leave the crime for once (he has largely abandoned all the criminal elements in his family business). But then comes Vincent Mancini, an illegitimate nephew, who is involved in a rivalry. So of course Michael must endure another fight with crime, gun violence, and all that good gangster stuff. Meanwhile, Vincent has a semi-incestuous affair with Michael's daughter, Mary. Oh, and Michael and Kay are trying to fix all the horrible things that happened at the end of Part II. <br /> <br /> It's like a novel. A horrible, horrible, 169-minute novel. It was any kind of sophistication, romance, and emotional relevance that made the first two films hit him so hard. After a 16-year break in the franchise, Francis Ford Coppola delivered a mess of foolishness and pretense totally incongruous with the first two films, proving yet again that his last great work was "Apocalypse Now" in the 1970s. What's worse, "The Godfather: Part III" is not even a logical follow-up to "The Godfather: Part II". Michael is a completely different person. It was not for the seed (which may be legitimate, even if it is not fun to watch). He has become a good guy who is trying to fix the whole tragedy that made Part II such a devastating masterpiece. His confession to the priest was bad enough, but that little diabetes attack in the middle made him nauseous. He also gets back with Kay! For God's sake, there is no way, as the second film made clear! She aborted her baby, and her Sicilian upbringing made him despise her for it. Did Francis Ford Coppola even think of these things? <br /> <br /> And do not even get me started on the case of Mary and Vincent! For such a forbidden romance, it was incredibly uninteresting. The performance of Sofia Coppola did not help at all. She made the smarter move of her life when she switched front to the camera behind him because she was possibly the worst actress I've ever seen in a nominee for Best Picture. Every line she delivered was painfully memorable, and every time the drama rested on her acting skills, all she did was inappropriate laughter. In the climactic scene - I will not go into detail, but you will know what scene I am talking about when / if you watch - she looks at Michael and says, "...... Dad?" I think I was meant to cry, but the line was delivered so badly I burst into loud, loud noises! <br /> <br /> Now we have reached the climax, and now you will also realize why I took time to start the review with a description of the musical ambitions of Anthony Corleone. After 140 minutes of petty drama and irrelevant events, Anthony Corleone returns ... with an opera! Then Michael, Kay, Mary and Vincent go to see him, and for about 10 to 15 minutes some murderers are out there trying to murder Michael. On this climatic sequence, I must say one thing: it was very good! But not because of the killers - they were very boring. I really enjoyed the opera. It had great music and great scenery. And from what little he showed us, it seemed that the story had echoes of the origin of the Corleone family. I bet it was an opera, and I bet Michael Corleone was glad he let his son switch from law school to music. <br /> <br /> My biggest wish is this: that Francis Ford Coppola had just filmed Anthony Corleone's opera for 169 minutes and abandoned the rest of the soggy melodrama. Better yet, I wish he had not made "The Godfather Part III". Part II gave us the perfect ending. This spin off was self-indulgent and unnecessary. <br /> <br /> Q. This is not an instinctive reaction to the film. I watched all 3 Godfather movies over a month ago (though I was watching the first one again). This does not just mean that my expectations for Part III were not spoiled (in fact, I dropped the low level for him after what I heard), but it also means I had a good time to think about all three. movies. While I was a little disappointed with Part II at first, the more I thought about it, the better it seemed. But with Part III, it was bad to start, so it got worse the more I thought about it. The sad thing is that many people will stop with Part I, but if they watch Part II too, they will probably go to Part III. If you feel like it, watch Parts I and II and pretend that Part III never existed.
