The Godfather Part I was an impressive look inside the fictional family of Corleone and how an innocent young man was forced into circumstances he never wanted to be a part of. The Godfather Part II shows that the young man's acceptance of his new role, his desensitization of character, as well as his complete loss of all innocence as he plunges ever deeper into a life of crime. The first two parts of this saga of this transformation of Michael Corleone are one of the greatest tragedies in film history. <br /> <br /> Then came The Godfather Part III. Michael Corleone is now the old Don of the Corleone family. He shows remorse for his previous actions, not through subtle behavior, but through trying to use his powers for good and admitting all his mistakes and regrets to others. Very cliché and unusual of the complex character who is Michael Corleone. Michael's plans to use his powers for good are derailed by an ambitious young disciple and his enemies. Michael's daughter is eventually a victim of the ongoing mafia wars and his death predictably leads Michael to realize that his whole life as Don was futile because he failed at the one thing that was the reason to put himself in the position where he was: Protecting your family. <br /> <br /> Godfather Part II ends with Michael Corleone reaching the lowest of the lows: having his own dead brother. Before Part III was made, the Godfather saga was an emotionally fascinating tale of an innocent young man's journey into the dark with Michael's unbelievably tragic end forgetting his roots and abandoning the one thing that always mattered to him and those around him : family fidelity. Part III paints the image of Michael as a man who is and always was only a victim of circumstances. This greatly corrupts the meaning of the first two films. <br /> <br /> The Godfather Part III is a horrible mess of a movie that should never have been made. The only solution to the problem that is this last part of The Godfather movies is to pretend that it does not exist and that the saga really ends with Michael's shockingly horrific act of having a member of his own dead family.
