When Samantha Eggar (as Phyllis Dietrickson) attends the door of her house wrapped in a towel, you realize that no matter how competent an actress is like Eggar, she does not have the hypnotic fascination of Barbara Stanwyck. And it's not entirely Eggar's fault. In the original film, Wilder made Stanwyck not only appear in a towel, but she enters the porch on the second floor of the house. And she does not "leave"; it appears almost as if it were magic. Walter Neff is looking down at her from the first floor. There is a reason for this. Stanwyck is much larger than Neff (Fred MacMurray) when they are introduced for the first time. It's not just the towel. The towel contributes to the alluring fascination. Your pose is like a Greek goddess who dominates your domain and, in a strange way, you feel as if you were controlling the whole situation from the beginning. She has sexual power, even magic. This person is not an ordinary housewife. This person is a mystery with secrets hidden within. <br /> <br /> Back in 1973. The remake has Crenna knocking on the front door. Stanwyck's replacement, Eggar, answers the door with a towel around it. There is no "look". She simply opens the door. The seductive superiority that won the public in the first appearance of Stanwyck in 1944 is totally absent in 1973. She opens the door with a towel around her. It can be sexy in a kind of Charlie's Angels, but it's not so mysterious. The remake filmmakers seem to misunderstand Wilder's point. The script may have said "Phyllis appears on the towel" so the remake filmmakers simply follow the instructions and include the necessary towel. The point is not the towel. The point is Phyllis's enigmatic quality and the potential power she exerts. Wilder gave him a towel to add to his mystique. The remake filmmakers gave her a towel because that's what Wilder did. And in choosing the shot, she lost all of Phyllis's mystique. <br /> <br /> Richard Crenna also seems mischievous. He seems to be "acting" rather than in the middle of the dilemma. Part of the problem is that Crenna looks a lot like a 70's actor. He can not enter the 1940s. When MacMurray first speaks into the microphone, sweat starts to trickle from his face. No sweat on Crenna. And they also changed one of the crucial lines in the beginning. In the original, Neff says, "I did not get the money and I could not get the woman." In the 1973 version, Crenna says, "I did not get the money and I did not want the woman." Have filmmakers fully understood the whole point of the story? Or were they being idiots for a "television" audience? <br /> <br /> This movie made for TV is an interpretation by numbers. All the sharp edge of the original is lost. The only highlight, perhaps, is Lee J. Cobb in the role that became famous by Edward G. Robinson. But it can not save the loss of intensity of the original. This boring remake of 1973 is a forgettable TV movie made probably by the same people who made "Gilligan's Island". They might as well have tried to redo "Citizen Kane" or "Gone with the Wind." If mediocrity is the best one can hope for, what is the purpose? The 1944 classic is a movie with a capital "F". This remake made for the TV deserves an "F" degree, or, perhaps, a "D" for an ass.
