Assassination and insurance fraud lead an adulterous couple to "the end of the line" ... TV was visually vulgar in the early 1970s and this truncated, made to be made on TV, harmed my life. eyes. It can not be compared to the 1944 classic by Billy Wilder Film Noir, because anyone in their right mind should know - vision is not possible - but that does not mean that this update should be seen as a separate entity as well. Although based on Paramount's original script, it has been cut for more than half an hour and the director's mild indifference leaves what is left forgettable. With rare exceptions, the younger generation was not interested in watching old black and white movies on TV in 1973 (still today, unfortunately), so this lugubrious and attractive tale was new to the overwhelming majority of viewers; then, as now, the rankings govern and discount in was their only raison d'être. Gus Van Zandt remade Alfred Hitchcock's PSYCHO for similar reasons and if those reductions led to the search for the original films or novels, all the better. I loved the romance source James M. Cain enough to tune in at the time and I enjoyed this time capsule curiosity the second time for long hair, tops, turbans, ugly decor, and luxurious redheaded "guest star" Samantha Eggar who did not try very. In addition to recognizing some of the incidental characters from a childhood past in the front of the tube, Lee J. Cobb was able to keep my interest as a tired and weary Keyes of the world, but Richard Crenna's affable and harmless Walter Neff only reminded me of Bill Bixby on a bad day. Of course, the improvement of the original was never intended to make money, but instead of a careless reform, a new adaptation of the novel would have been a new idea. Cain's book differs somewhat from its celluloid incarnations, and the terrible shark fins at the end of the moon are murderous. The complete in me is grateful that this accelerated update of "Me Decade" was included as part of the DVD DOUBLE INDEMNITY extras, but the experience not only made me wait a long time to see the original, but also made me nostalgic for any episode of COLUMBO . TV series. I also remembered the very good ABC TV movie Movie Of The Week of 1973 that I have not seen since its initial screening: LINDA by John D. Macdonald starring the beautiful Stella Stevens as a cruel femme fatale who kills her lover (sexy John Saxon ) wife and then frames her husband in kind ways for the crime and, if I recall correctly, there is also an open ending. Like DOUBLE INDEMNITY, it was unnecessarily redone with TV queen Virginia Madsen as the titular vixen and Richard Thomas as the older husband.
