This 1973 remake of Billy Wilder's classic 1944 film, "Double Indemnity," is a classic example of how to destroy a great script. This Grade B TV fodder also illustrates the madness of the remakes in general. While Hollywood has gone after greedy executives who color black-and-white movies and seek exemptions from widescreen movies that are shown in pan-and-scan versions, the industry has ignored the hacks that insist on picking up a classic movie and diminishing it . with a poor quality remake. <br /> <br /> The first step in producing a version of a classic is to edit the script. Billy-Wilder-Raymond-Chandler's work was cut for half an hour to fit the final movie into a specified time slot, with room for commercials. Then streamline production with dull, colorful photos, smart, sophisticated sets, and familiar TV actors. Thus, the new "Double Indemnity" eliminates atmospheric black-and-white cinematography that has improved the mood and characterizations of the original. Gone are the dusty, gloomy, claustrophobic scenarios that explained the protagonists' desires to escape from their situations at any cost. Gone is the close bond between Keyes and Neff and the erotic attraction between Neff and Phyllis. <br /> <br /> Jack Smight's look at "Double Indemnity" is more "Dynasty" than film noir. Phyllis Dietrickson has a designer house to die for, and Neff's comfortable mattress would be difficult to pay with the salary of an insurance salesman, not to mention the sporty Mercedes convertible he drives. No character has any apparent reason to kill for only $ 200,000. If not money then maybe murder for love or lust? Not in this version. Richard Crenna shows little interest in Samantha Eggar and his kisses are as vigorous as those of a brother and sister. Crenna fails to grasp Neff's cynicism, and her attempts at double meaning and sexual suggestiveness are terribly weak. Eggar is a little better and lacks the sensuality and depth to suggest the inner workings of a supposedly dishonest and manipulative mind. Only Lee J. Cobb achieves a meritorious performance like Keyes. Director Jack Smight and his three directors did a much better job. <br /> <br /> There was no conceivable reason to produce this miserable remake except to fill the time in a broadcast schedule. There was no conceivable reason to resurrect this failure on DVD and package it with the original movie except to fill a double disk package. The only lesson that can be learned from this failure is that even a great script and great dialogue can be ruined with poor production results, dull direction and TV production. The "Double Indemnity" of 1973 should be titled "10% indemnity," because seeing it only underscores the 100% perfection of the original film.
