Before Stan Laurel became the smallest half of the greatest comedy team of all time, he worked under contract with Broncho Billy Anderson in a series of cockroaches, many of which were parodies of great Hollywood traits. After a dispute with Anderson, Laurel continued the informal series of parodies in the smaller (and more indigent) producer of Joe Rock. Most of Laurel's parody movies were only slightly funny at the time, and even less funny to modern audiences who have not seen the original movie that Laurel is parodying. 'West of Hot Dog' is a fairly generic parody of cowboy shoot-'em-ups. It is marginally a specific parody of "West of the Pecos," a restaurant released two years earlier, with no major actors. As "West of the Pecos" has never been a huge success, it is difficult to understand why Stan's film unit chose this particular film as the target of its ridicule, much less why they waited so long after its release to parody it . And where did they get that title 'West of Hot Dog'? Possibly it's up to the fact that "Hot Dog!" was a sexual interjection favored by American lechers in the 1920s. (As in the opening scene of the 'Machinal' theater play.) 'West of Hot Dog' was produced and co-directed by Joe Rock. Among his many other achievements, Rock introduced Laurel to Lois Neilson, and he was subsequently godfather to his marriage. Full disclosure: In the last years of his life, I had the great privilege of making friends with Joe Rock and interviewing him. At nearly ninety years old at the time, Rock's memory was strikingly clear ... but he did not remember anything about 'West of Hot Dog', and I can not blame him. This film is eminently forgettable. <br /> <br /> The character of the protagonist is called Little Mustard: If this is to be a parody of something in 'West of the Pecos', I did not understand. There are some "impossible" jokes here, including Laurel's method for riding a horse. For just a moment in this movie, Stan Laurel reminded me of the great Buster Keaton when he suddenly started running. 'West of Hot Dog' is vaguely similar in tone and tone to Keaton's short comedy 'The Frozen North', but Keaton's version is much funnier. The plot of this film anticipates somewhat the situation of Keaton's 'Our Hospitality', but (again) undergoes comparisons: here two tough brothers hope to inherit the Last Chance Saloon, but the previous owner bequeathed it to the weak Stan. However, the brothers will become lawful heirs if Stan dies. Hmmm ... <br /> <br /> Seriously though: is it such a legacy? Once Stan takes possession of the property, certainly any other property or inheritance issues become his decision, not the previous owner's decision. I had plenty of time to consider such cool points while watching this boring comedy. <br /> <br /> At one point, a joke involves some raw animation drawn directly into the film. Seems cheap and not funny. <br /> <br /> This 'hot dog' is not a weiner, and no winner: it's just a whiner. My rating: one point at 10. Wait, Stan: in a few years you'll be half a comedy legend.
