Oh, if I could give this garbage less than a star! There were two slightly fun parts throughout the movie and that's it! one was where a line or two of the song Do not worry, being happy was sung by the slugs and the other was where Roddy fell off the toilet paper and landed with his feet and legs apart, so that everything else landed on the way to low hit him in the groin. That was that there was nothing more fun than that, at least not for me anyway! Doctornappy2 is not right to say that "fans of the utterly terrible" Shrek "might like it, but fans of" Wallace & Gromit "are likely to turn in disgust as I loved Shrek 1 2 and 3 and also love Wallace and Gromit. see what comes down to this is that if an animation is done very well then it is definitely worth watching, however this was as far from being well done as you can possibly get! The continuity errors were very great I will not point out all the others, but here are some more to see: When the young daughter leaves at the beginning of the film, the clip on the door of the cage descends and the part of the hook that is on the right clearly back behind the round knob, making sure that Roddy could not get out and yet he does it by simply kicking it. At one point, the ruby ​​falls on Roddy's back and is pushed for up in the air by Rita while the ship is moving forward. In the next scene, Roddy picked up again. This is impossible. Seeing as the ship is moving forward, the only place the ruby ​​was ejected from under the back of Roddy's T-shirt, the only place he could land was in the water, not in Roddy's hand. There was a third one I wanted to point out, but for now I forgot. <br /> <br /> Many, for want of a better word, the 'jokes' were repeated in one form or another, there was not enough time to establish any kind of connection with any of the characters, the characters were hollow , shallow and empty, and the whole movie left you wanting .... wanting to watch 85 minutes of anything else! Painting drying or growing grass are two superb options!
