A very young youngster, Ginger Rogers, exchanges quick jokes with a rival journalist, Lyle Talbot, in this 1933 murder mystery of Poverty Row's Allied Productions. Does the movie begin with a wealthy businessman taking a halter from the garden of an apartment building, or was it from a lover's apartment? In fact, Rogers has two identities at the beginning of the film, Terry, the secretary of the dead victim, along with the signature of Pat Morgan's newspaper. Erroneously linking her story directly to Ted Rand (Talbot), instead of her newspaper's writing desk, she is fired for her efforts when her boss learns he was robbed. <br /> <br /> Here's a puzzle - it's revealed during the Police Inspector. Russell's (Purnell Pratt) investigation into Harker's death that Terry / Morgan had worked as secretary for three weeks. Why exactly? After the fact, it would make sense that she was there for a newspaper report, but before? Clues are withdrawn over Harker's association with a known mafioso living conveniently in the same building, but again, this association is not relevant until all is connected to caretaker Peterson (Harvey Clark). And who is inventing all the phone cards with the snake effecting a HSSS, with the words "You will hear" cut and glued underneath? Apparently, the snaky sound of a snake was the sound produced by the apartment's radiator system, which Peterson used to transmit a poison gas to the rooms of possible victims, such as Mme. Coby in the apartment below Harker. But in answer to a question asked to Inspector Russell about the death of Mme. Coby, he responded "apparently" to the cause of the strangulation. <br /> <br /> These are the conflicting points that made the film a little unsatisfactory for me. The revelation of custodian Peterson as the bad guy of this play is under some rather horrible circumstances when we see him fill Miss Morgan's unconscious body in the furnace of the building's incinerator! However, and to mark another point against continuity, we see Miss Morgan in a huge basement while Peterson lights the furnace; she made her escape, but how? And still beautiful as a photo. And whoever manage to make the collar off the screen if none other than Milquetoast police assistant Wilfred (Arthur Hoyt) who in an opening scene fell on his own feet enter a room. <br /> <br /> Sorry, but for all those Critics who found "A Cry in the Night" as a whodunit satisfactory, I feel that any Charlie Chan movie of the same era is a true "The Usual Suspects" compared . If you need a reason to see the movie, it would be Ginger Rogers, but know that she does not dance.
