I just saw a pre-show tonight. What can I say? He lived up to the mediocre trailer, though that did not say anything. It did absolutely nothing that any movie before it did not, and it happened in such a cliché that I ended up getting to the point of stop laughing just because I was laughing with the audience and instead I left the movie without humor playing. So, let's see ... we have the less-than-spectacular main character who's trying to get back with his ex-girlfriend, but he's not good enough for her, check it out. We have the three friends who all have their own "personality", one of them being the best friend who tries to enter with the best friend of the main character, but is constantly rejected, another friend being super clumsy who can not live seeing the positive in all 24/7 and is played for one-liners (which in this case is just a bunch of film references, specifically from Disney), and the third guy whose name you will never remember, but is there to complete the square and play comforting messages for anyone who wants to listen ... check. We have the ex-boyfriend of the girl and her parents - block the relationship in any way possible when things are improving, not to mention awkward family members on the side of the main character ... check it out. We have the lowest one hour period in the movie where everyone is depressed, check it out. We have the "funny" moments of the movie coming from incessant profanity, people falling or being hit, trailer scenes and homosexual innuendoes ... check it out. And I dare call it a spoiler, but we have an ending that unfolds exactly as it was thought to unfold before we even saw the movie ... check it out. <br /> <br /> Honestly, that could have ... no, wait ... it should have been a PG-13 movie. All that needed to be discarded were any F-bombs. Honestly, he would have gotten a lot more publicity from the crowd that likes that kind of humor, would have gotten less exposure in the media and therefore would not have been so detested by people like me who should try to keep him taller than the recent one. Comedies like Superbad and Knocked Up. The humor in this movie is so weird that it does not fit what people in general are looking for. I bet even the actors were often unsure of some of the dialogues and actions they had to broadcast on camera. Let's put it this way ... in the theater, it will help you laugh because it is on the big screen and others are laughing. When this movie comes to Showtime and you check it out at 2:00 in the afternoon on a day off, you may be inclined to switch channels. The only thing that will keep him watching is the likes of Alice Eve (which is not quite 10, but still very pretty). <br /> <br /> In addition to the main resolution, this film kicked off many subplots for the film. side of the curb and seemed to forget to write more story than they tried to develop at the beginning of the movie, where everything practically flies out the window. So there is one main resolution, but what comes out of it? It is never really clear, nor does it allow the ending to be "well done" with abruptness. <br /> <br /> There was only one thing that was not worth anything in this movie, and that was the good soundtrack. Aside from the good choice of alternative rock songs from the '90s, there was a good, animated score that would play in some parts of the movie (still earlier) that reminds me of something that David Holmes would mix / compose. I'll give them accessories for a great sound choice. One last thing, this movie was probably filmed late last summer because Pepsi's inadvertent and proud sponsorship showed off the yellow bottle caps they had. during this Rock Band promotion. I figured a lot of Rock Band gamers would catch that if you saw it. But I say, hold your money. If this was PG-13 and you were 15 years old on a Friday night with a group of friends, I'd say you knock yourself out. Otherwise, definitely pass. He does not try to compete with the top-rated movies of the last few years and ideally definitely not so good.
