No, I will not keep it here. I refuse to go along with the program. Do not you think maybe this movie is a bit overrated? Look at the reader's comments and their star ratings: Most have 6/10, 7/10 or better. I think this is an example where ratings can say more about the people who made them than the movie itself, which is unique. How many other sexual fantasies about simulated bestiality complete with horse couplings have become traditional hits like DVD catalog titles? I watched this movie with a sense of anticipation, waiting for fireworks, and instead, I picked up someone putting on a Gucci shopping bag. It looked great, but once the emotion had been spent, even the end of the twist did not do much to save it. <br /> <br /> The background story of the movie says it all: Movie director about 25 minutes of bestial hardcore fucking sex for another movie, is informed that filming will not be appropriate, put it aside, wait two or three years by critical acclaim to build, then builds an entire feature around those 25 minutes, filming approximately 70 minutes of otherwise unrelated, extremely annoying footage and inserting the 25-minute chunk as a dream sequence. That the 25 minutes of film in question are surprisingly strange, original and shocking in a deliberate and calculated way are unnecessary. But we are not here to evaluate that only 25 minutes, we should consider the whole film, and ask us why people are so enthusiastic about the film? Or are they just passionate about their background story and story of being banned by people who were stupid enough to take offense at it? <br /> <br /> Maybe it's an anti-clerical agenda that pleases them. Hating the Western religions of Catholicism and Christianity is one of the few socially acceptable bastions of intolerance. It has only recently been revealed that the BBC routinely distorts its broadcasts with anti-Christian and anti-Western sentiments for political correctness. You can say whatever you like about the Bible, pedophile priests, the institutionalized cruelty of the church, and how much white men and their inhuman religions suck the dimpled skin of a golf ball ... But say one negative thing about religions not westernized and you're toasted. This film was tailor made for such sentiment, with a dry, wrinkled old priest who has a totally damaging onslaught relationship with two beautiful 14-year-old French boys complete with touches, flatulence, caressing, groping, groping, and patting inappropriately. backsides. Ewww. <br /> <br /> And then there are the horse couplings, photographed in such fetishistic detail that parts of the film could be used as visual aids for a biology class in animal breeding. Yes, I understand the thematic relevancy of images - large animal phalluses with a large amount of reproductive fluids just waiting to be released as fire extinguishers - but if I wanted to watch horses, you know, do this, I would like to go live a farm. Having your genitals in my face is just as much fun as watching someone use a bathroom. <br /> <br /> Is this film just a kind of artistic diversion for social deviants? Probably, although I grant the artistic execution of most of it, filmed in a sort of Euro detail that still has a stained forest pond, directly from a Monet painting, complete with an arched bridge. And the ending (which I even managed to surprise) ends up putting everything in a tidy and unpleasant package. But you have to remember that there are certain things that can not be deconstructed by your design elements and many artists are guilty of exploiting them in their work to lend a kind of seriousness that would not have been achieved without it. That's not fair, and even Clint Eastwood was a victim of the thrust of his new film about Iwo Jima. Whether or not your movie is good is a separate consideration of whether or not this battle was a noble cause waged by men who were heroes. The problem is that most people will not be able to separate the two aspects of the film and will be lining up to win the Oscar because of their noble message - not because it's a particularly good or original film. <br /> <br /> Although it may seem like a strange parallel, I see one with THE BEAST: How can one not see the basic beauty of nature in the sight of two horses mating? And who can not see the logical culmination of repressed sexuality from fairy tales in the explosive play of the movie, where Beauty and the Beast finally make the nasty? Somehow I managed to lose the colon, and I'm very happy to have seen this movie so I can destroy it as it really is: 25 minutes or more of open eyes on the adult fairy tale images surrounded by 70 minutes Dramatically boring skull artsy-fartsy Euro Trash dreck about a guy doing a haircut and a great end. It's art for sure, but it sucks. <br /> <br /> 3/10
