What the hell is this? "Drama kooky"? "Lawyers in Loony Tunes Land"? The world's softest, duck-faced actress (still duck-faced and anorexic than Michelle Pfeiffer), shakes her slim ass, making goofy faces that embarrass Bugs Bunny in one of the most animated non-animated TV series of all the times. This is also the most annoying one-hour TV show, hence the worst. <br /> <br /> All men act like perfect lovemakers, and I, on the one hand, refuse to believe that even the big shysters are all like delta-macho-like like this sorry hill (short). Wuss Peter MacNicol manages to be even more annoying than Calista Flockofducks with his fake Hollywood "shshshs" speech impediment: it's the kind of pseudo-inability to pronounce the letter "S" turning it into an idiot "SH" that likes of Jon Shtewart and Christian Shlater also practice with zeal. Watching MacNicol speak, I always wonder how his jaw does not move ... Human facial anatomy was never done to support the pronunciation of the "SH" sound more than three times per second. He's a medical marvel. <br /> <br /> This ill-conceived and written mix of legal drama / comedy also features some PCs from the 1990s. It has POLITICAL CORRECTION written in huge neon letters. Is there anything more unrealistic than a bunch of LAWYERS being full of ideals, high principles and moral fiber? Risible, but that's how defense lawyers have been portrayed in Hollywood since its inception. After all, what is more noble than defending a murderer, a rapist, or a thief? When a TV series as delayed as "Ally McBeak" begins to preach to the United States about how it should govern the country, then it must be time for Paris Hilton to become president. "Ally McQuack" is both a product of the recent large-scale Western idiocy and an author of it. <br /> <br /> These so-called "eccentricity" touches, like the annoying musical numbers, are not convincing and embarrassingly bland. This is not Monty Python. Whatever "new" talent-free manufacturers wished, they failed with honors. "Ally McBeak" is a highly commercialized TV venture aimed at indiscriminate yuppies, bored housewives and bipolar lawyers. It is yet another objection "oppressed objection sustained on your honor I may call the witness" legalistic nonsense that the American public seems to eat with pleasure for some strange reason ...
