Office work, especially in this era of computers, multifunctional copiers, e-mail, voicemail, and traditional mail and temps is a territory full of satirical possibilities, a vein previously used in films such as Clockwatchers and Office Space, and with great success. This latest addition to the temp / mood pool, however, "Haiku Tunnel," directed by Josh Kornbluth and Jacob Kornbluth, fails to live up to its predecessors, and lets the laughter somewhere out the door, waiting for a chance to enter. Unfortunately for the public, this chance never arrives; so what you get is a good try, but as the man once said, no cigar. As the narrator / star of the film, Josh Kornbluth (playing Josh Kornbluth), points in the initial frames (in a monologue delivered directly on camera), this story is pure fiction and takes place in the fictional city of "San Franc'l'isco". It is an innovative, if not very imaginatively presented, renunciation, and it is not so funny. It is, however, a forerunner of the following, all of which - like the legal warning - are not so funny. Kornbluth plays Kornbluth, an aspiring novelist who stands by working as a 'temp' It is a job that suits him and gives him time to slip into some work of his novel from time to time. But when he goes to work for a lawyer, Bob Shelby (Warren Keith), he does a very good job on the first day, and Shelby dispatches chief secretary Marlina D'Amore (Helen Shumaker) to Kornbluth to persuade him to go ` perm 'The thought of working full time for the same company, however, initially causes fear in the heart of Kornbluth, but he enters and signs the position. He's nervous about it, but at least now the other secretaries recognize his presence (which, of course, they would never do with temp), and if things get too tough, he has seventeen important letters he typed - which he now has (it is retaining them because the match is the easy part, and he needs something "easy to do" in reserve, in case everything is too much for him). These are "important" letters, however, and by the end of the week Kornbluth still has them in reserve at his desk. And it does not take a genius to figure out that when Shelby finds out, Kornbluth's days as the light-haired boy will end. Is fast. The Brothers Kornbluth, who not only drove but together with John Bellucci also wrote the screenplay for this movie, should have taken a page from Ben Stiller's Comedy Book where it says "If you play well, they will laugh. " But they did not and the public did not. Because in comedy, even looking as objectively as possible, when the main character (as well as most supporting characters in that case) "plays" funny - as in, he "knows" that he is being funny - he is never . And that is exactly what Kornbluth does here; so instead of being "funny," he seems insincere and pretentious, a serious error of judgment on the part of the Kornbluth, because by allowing this, they sabotaged their own film. In an attempt to discern precisely why this film does not work, it all comes down to two basic reasons: direction, which - if not necessarily "bad" - is at least careless; and second, the performances, beginning with that of Josh Kornbluth. Quite simply, Kornbluth seems very impressed with himself to be effective here. Unlike Stiller, or even Steve Martin - both of whom use self-deprecating humor very effectively - Kornbluth apparently has an ego that simply does not allow himself to be put into that light; he seems to have the need to show his audience that he, the real Kornbluth, is actually a lot smarter than Kornbluth, the character. And being unable to overcome this causes him, just like the movie. Instead of giving the millions of office workers who can see this movie someone they can relate to or who they can relate to, Kornbluth affects a condescending way that only serves to alienate the very people he is trying to reach. So it all comes down to a case of bad direction and unconvincing acting, and when you take into account that the script itself was weak to begin with with an inexplicably narrow focus (given the potential of the rich subject), it's easy to understand why it just does not fly. <br /> <br /> The only saving grace of the film is Warren Keith's performance as Shelby, whose subtle presentation is compelling and that - by itself - is quite funny. Her effectiveness is diminished, however, to the extent that Keith has to share her scenes with Kornbluth, which automatically nullifies her positive contributions to the project. <br /> <br /> Shumaker and Sarah Overman (Julie Faustino) also manage to keep their heads above water with their respective performances, which are laudable, if not totally memorable; they at least make their scenes watchable, and Overman still manages to elevate Kornbluth's performance, if only momentarily. But it's still not enough to save the day or the movie. The supporting cast includes Amy Resnick (Mindy), Brian Thorstenson (Clifford), June Lomena (DaVonne), Joe Bellan) with a brief appearance of Harry Shearer, a shaggy, as the Leader of Guidance - a role that begs for an answer to the question, "What was he thinking when he agreed to this?" In any work environment, there will always be situations that, in one way or another, will inevitably turn into fodder for someone's comic cannon, and the films portraying these situations will always be with us; the good ones (see paragraph 1) may even become classics in their own right. The 'Haiku Tunnel', however, will remain dubiously among them, as their fate is elsewhere - in a realm known only as 'Darkness'. I rate this 1/10. <br /> <br /> <br />
