Unfortunately, the impression of the movie we were watching was recorded in the Universal Studios fire last week, so we got stuck in the video. This could even be a metaphor for this second-rate King Kong movie by director Ishiro Honda of Toho Studios. Essentially, it's a warm-up for "King Kong versus Godzilla." He even uses the idea of ​​a Mecha-Kong, like Mecha-Godzilla. Of course the movie climaxes with King Kong fighting Mecha-Kong at the top of the Tokyo Expo Tower, but if you still do not know that, you may be in the age bracket for which this movie was planned. The cast is directed by a guy named Rhodes Reason, whom we had never heard of ... looking over his list, I see a lot of credits spread across American TV, so it's interesting that they dragged to Japan so that they could have a nominal American hero. The true hero of the film is the most sensitive Japanese commander played by Akira Takarada, whom I recognized from Hiroshi Inagaki's iconic version of "Chushingura" (47 Ronin) and also from the original Godzilla movies from Honda. I'm sorry Rhodes Reason who you are, but this guy has a lot more presence on the screen and you can bet everyone wants him to finish off the cute little blonde, played by Linda Miller. We laughed the way Reason always found a way to get between Miller and Takarada, who seemed to prefer it. Of course, like all major ladies in Hong Kong, her main relationship is with the king himself. She discovers a cool trick: if you talk to a giant monkey really ... really ... slowly ... he'll understand what you're saying. And if you're a blonde girl, that means he'll do whatever you tell him to do. This fact is not forgotten by Dr. Who (Eisei Amamoto) and Madame Piranha (Mie Hama) - representing a "nameless nation" - who plan to use it as bait to get Kong to dig up mineral deposits that they are prisoners in the North Pole. <br /> <br /> Yes, this is really the plot of the entire film - apparently only a giant monkey will be able to dig these minerals that can be used to make super powerful weapons. Dr. Who builds Mecha-Kong to get it, but the circuit gets in the way so they decide to go to the real Kong. Kong himself seems momentarily in love with Mecha-Kong, an element of the story that could have made the film more interesting, but was not followed. Until the end of the movie, the beautiful blonde shouted "Kong" or "King Kong" in her cheerful voice so many times that when the two heroes tell her to let him go in the end they are talking for all of us. Basically, this movie wastes whatever majesty was possible on Kong's character, making him a heroic and friendly figure very early, as was the younger version of the story. Kong is just a suit guy in this movie, and they show a lot of him to the point of making the silly face impossible to take seriously. It's a beautiful movie, I'm sure it meets the demands or wishes of fans of this kind of thing, which is more of a wrestling movie than a monster movie in many ways. Monsters never get scared in these movies, they just jump and push a lot. It's not a worthless movie, but it's extremely predictable and stereotyped, so for anyone under 10 years old, it's probably just fun as a comedy.
