This is an interesting turn for the Reel 13 Indies. TWO HARBORS is a 75 minute Minnesota B & W movie that features non-actors and has about two people finding a connection through an alien life search. I applaud the boldness of Reel 13 programmers to think out of the box when selecting this movie. I just wanted them to have chosen a stronger movie to be bold. In fact, I wonder if the choice had more to do with the uniqueness of the film than with the actual quality of the film itself (Not that TWO HARBORS is completely without merit, but I'll get to it a little later). <br /> <br /> As is common in independent films, TWO HARBORS is limited in terms of location. Are there only two real places ?? a large junk dealers market and a very tiny trailer, which is the home of the middle-aged main character Vic, played by Alex Cole. Writer / director James Vculek uses the market scenario to provide an exposition on Vic, who is one of the distributors there. Does he have several people walking up to Vic and starting very long conversations that provides us with only two information? Vic sells space toys (he prefers to call them "space action figures") and he is a caustic idiot. This is emblematic of one of two major problems with TWO PIGS - all chats. I've said it before and I'll say it again ?? we are dealing with a visual medium and filmmakers need to work harder to tell their stories visually. There are exceptions, of course, but usually, the infinite pattern is not so engaging in the movie? particularly if the dialogue is being used as an exhibition. Almost all the conversations in the movie are long and unnecessarily verbose. A notable example would be some scenes that characterize Vic trying to present himself as a Scout leader in order to get a discount on a store. He argues with the clerk from side to side and these scenes do not even advance the plot a bit. That's the kind of thing that makes even a 75-minute movie look long. <br /> <br /> The other problem with TWO PIGS is acting. I may be a bit grumpy when it comes to movie performance, but I really do not feel like there's a good excuse for not having good actors in your films. Are there many good actors out there, many of whom are willing to work on low budget projects? even in Minnesota. Many filmmakers avoid the importance of the ability to act as a secondary to their visuals, but this is naive. In narrative production, next to history, nothing is more important than performance. If you do not believe that people stage your story, your audience is lost. <br /> <br /> Originally, I thought Vculek was using non-actors, but over the course of the film, I decided they were probably from the community. actors of the theater type. It was not that they were uncomfortable on the camera. It's that they were overly theatrical (ie, great). Granted, the best of the actors were the two leads? Cole and Catherine E. Johnson as Cassie, a lonely young woman caught in the extra-terrestrial hunt for Vic. They seemed to have more training, but they were still a bit rough on the edges. The eccentricities they exhibited seemed only superficial-not coming from a real, organic place. Johnson, in particular, is an interesting case. Does she definitely have a presence? a Midwestern charm about her, but this charisma belies the multitude of issues her character should have. She strives to portray the idiosyncrasies that result from a supposed life of solitude and slave labor, relying on gestures of actions such as rolling her eyes, biting her lips and babbling to suggest her discomfort with the outside world. <br /> <br /> I mentioned in the first paragraph that TWO HARBORS is not completely without merit and here is what I mean. Without paying too much attention, there is a fade to white one hour in the movie. After that, does the story take an impressive turn, which allows the last fifteen minutes to be evocative and downright powerful? It's like a punch in the stomach, but in a good way. It's almost a relief to feel something after so much time with these characters. The last five minutes of the movie have no dialogue and the result is the best part of the movie? subtle, detailed (Cole does his best work of the film) and more importantly, cinematic. So with the final credits, comes the most amazing revelation of all? which is based on a true story, which led me to think. With all the dialogue, the minimal venues and the lack of cinematographic qualities, it occurred to me that with two actors butt and a tight rewriting, TWO HARBORS could make a play really kicked ?? maybe even an act. If there's some daring theater producer out there reading this, I'd definitely recommend seeing if you can get the movie and get in touch with the filmmaker, Reel 13 or whoever. Can there be anything in this story, after all ?? <br /> <br /> (For more information on this or any other Reel 13 movie, check out their website at www.reel13.org)
