Genghis Cohn is a (very) mildly entertaining British film about a German police commissioner in the late 1950s who is haunted by the ghost of a Jewish comedian whom he killed 15 years earlier while serving under Hitler on the SS. The ghost returns and wants his murderer to live as a Jew to repair the murders he has committed. Otto, the German policeman really knows the name of this ghost because, the last thing he did before he died was said in Yiddish "Kiss my ass". The policeman did not speak Yiddish, so he asked until he found the meaning. The 'kiss my ass' left an impression that everyone involved with that murder learned and remembered the name of the comedian, Genghis Cohn. <br /> <br /> There are a bunch of men who are murdered in the jurisdiction of the police commissioner. and there are no useful clues. The men are murdered with a set of knives that are missing from the local butcher. The butcher announces that his knives are missing while the commissioner is in the store to get a liver and onion sandwich, so the commissioner is a suspect. The first man is killed while making love to the butcher's wife, so the butcher is a suspect. But the butcher says he'd be too busy if he killed every man who slept with his wife. All men are killed immediately after the climax of the sex act. <br /> <br /> I think I may be a little angrier than the ghost of Genghis Cohn if I were killed as he was. He seems to be very humorous about it, as if he's just in a mild car accident. I can only imagine that it is because it is a British film and they are known to be very educated people. He uses some of his materials from his stand-up route, and I did not find it very funny. <br /> <br /> I gave this movie a 4 because it was kind of silly. I thought it should have been a bit more serious than it was. The movie ends up being a murder mystery (where did that come from?), And it seemed that Genghis should have been more useful than him. The film gave me a little glimpse into Jewish culture, but it was only superficial. Do all Jews love liver and onion sandwiches? Do they all say 'shtoop' and 'meshuganah' in their daily vocabulary? Are not there more important things we should know about culture? <br /> <br /> I saw this movie at a Jewish community center in Berkeley, CA, and I was the only person in the room whose hair was not totally gray or white. (I do not have gray or white hair.) There were 18 of us, and after the movie they stayed for about 20 minutes to discuss the movie. There were two main concerns expressed there: 1. The film was very unconcerned and future generations may not understand the gravity of what happened and 2. As the Holocaust survivors are dying, future generations will not know what actually happened. I thought that second concern was ridiculous and I told them I thought they did not need to worry because there are tons of literature out there and there will always be people who like to watch movies like me. The murder of 6,000,000 people by a very bad man will never be forgotten. I write this last paragraph because they charged me to tell others about my experience that day.
