Times are tough for Angel Town, gangs dominate with iron fist and for unknown reasons (mostly because of the embarrassing writing), gangs want a street kid, Martine to join gangs, then hit him every day. However, due to the presence of an Olympic kick-boxer (Olivier "Gruner" world actor) named Jacques, hope is on the way. Angel Town is seriously one of the most inept message films ever made (and I've seen my part) seems to consist of the idea that all gang-infested neighborhoods need, are French kickboxers who can not act. Worst of all are so many difficult times that it's simply hilarious. Best of all comes from the exchange between Gruner and Aragon, which basically sums up how ridiculous this thing is. To Wit: "Do you like the fight?" (Olivier picks up his best Asian friend in a wrench) I could kill him right? When I want him dead he dies! The reason I do not want him dead is because I am afraid of him, and I know that if I kill him, his son and his wife will kill me, that's why he does not die! "<br /> <br /> Of course, it's wrong to kill someone, and much less his best friend, of course left out of the equation. Weird. <br /> <br /> However, do not let me make this sound that I hated this movie, far from it, it's so terrible that it's invaluable. The biggest laughs come at the end of the disastrous finale, which shows Grunner going one-on-one with gang members who (the biggest logical gap in the film) refuse to use guns. Also a poor Vietnam veteran helps firing his machine gun at gangs while Gruner deducts the rest. All this to the sound of horrible "Mexican" accents and surreal energy that make it memorable for fans of cinematic junk like this. The other delight about this movie is that, for some reason, Olivier Gruner never goes to college, although that is the main reason he's here in the United States and not in France with his girlfriend (in a graveyard at the movie's weird start) Angel Town is undoubtedly a failure at every imaginable level, but if you laugh at imbecile martial arts movies with insane levels of action that do not make sense at any level, this is the perfect movie for you. On the other hand, make sure you tequila down, like the details of the laughable opening song "It's No Pity In Angel Town" <br /> * Out of 4- (Bad)
