"The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film" is not a film as such but is a short series of clips with a slapstick comedy theme. This' movie 'got Richard Lester to recognize and open the way to direct the Beatles' first movie,' A Hard Day's Night '. Richard Lester directed and wrote the song for his first movie in 1959. This film was titled The Running, Jumping, & Standing Still Film. It was designed to be seen only by those who helped in its production. Since the film was designed to be seen by Lester and his partners alone, a small amount of money and time was invested. The sole purpose of this film is entertainment, but the main reason for its existence is the fact that it served as an experiment to work the camera. The film cost € 70 to be made, and was filmed in sepia. Weak film in a field on some Sundays All plans that were filmed were included in the finished production, the finished production is eleven minutes long. <br /> <br /> Running, jumping and standing Still Film is a comedy about the English Sundays and the little hobbies that people make to pass the time and. All events in this movie occur in one field. Some of these comic events include a woman scrubbing a lawn, a man running around a tree trunk with a needle to play a disc, a photographer developing a movie in a pond, an artist aided in painting by the numbers on the face of a model , a man building a tent, an athlete running over the tent, and a duel between a man with a knife and a man with a gun. Not only does the film mock the hobbies that people make to spend time away, but it also mocks English culture when compared to American culture. Another of the various events in this film includes a group of men and a kite that was built from the UK flag. One of the men jumps inside the kite while the other men try to fly, and the kite breaks. According to Neil Sinyard, author of The Films of Richard Lester, this event symbolizes the UK as a minor in power and technology when compared to the United States during the space age. According to this scene, the British fly like primitive parrots while the Americans, world power after World War II, fly with highly advanced rockets and space shuttles.
