There is NOTHING cool, hip, or clever about this movie - liking just reveals an ignorance of true art cinema. How can you easily forget that the central fact of this whole movie is that these evil and evil people are. . . SERIAL KILLERS! If they have to dismember strangers to "get back into a family," we do not want them to "be a family." What part of this did you have difficulty understanding? Why applaud this filth? <br /> <br /> That dirt is what you do if you can not make art! One's head and life must be profoundly empty to confuse this superficial evil as "interesting." This is a camera without a brain. What really makes a work of art legal is depth, questioning the status quo from a perspective informed by a knowledge of history (or in this case a knowledge of ANYTHING would be preferable!). Instead, this is just randomly amassing the ugliest images available in a collapsing world, thanks to the kind of empty evil glorified as "cool because it's so far away, man!"). These same violent events really happen every day. They are not "just in the movie". They refer to real soulless people who would do those same things to YOU. Do you want these things made for you? A child might have thought of it, demanded zero imagination, not surrealism. This lazy crap has no content, it's not saying anything - it's just the worst of the evening news, and it's not saying anything new, nothing we do not already know. These are the "new emperor's clothes," the director expects that there will be enough uneducated children, proud of their lack of inhumanity, for this sloppy dirt to fly. I can see the demented fans of director Miike now: drunk teenagers smoking in jail and tattoos covered in tattoos, with metal hanging from holes in their faces, their knowledge base inversely proportional to their intelligence estimate. <br /> <There is nothing for this - it's just pure exploitation of shock value violence. There is no "hidden meaning" anywhere in this poorly made movie. It's good to explore a movie to see if you can find cinematographic devices that are ingeniously artistic, but you can not discover a hidden meaning if there is not one! To do this, you need to view and review a REAL movie piece. There are many out there, led by Fellini, Bergman, Fassbinder, Herzog, Altman, Bunuel, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkovsky, Peter Greenaway, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Linklater, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Gus van Sant, Soderbergh, Shyamalan, Ordet . Why do not you see a REAL art movie by these giants? This aspiring director, Miike, will NEVER make a movie like one of the geniuses I just listed because he just does not have talent! Anyone could put some chaotic crap like "Visitor Q". Teenagers could play this together in an afternoon! There is no message, no meaning, no plot, no such thing. There are long lists of ART Films to learn - but THIS "Q Visitor" is NOT an art film in any respect. It has no content for this. It's just a petty horror piled on another, and the point to remember about these heinous crimes is that these things happen, every day, somewhere in the world. They are not well because they are "just in the movie". They refer to real soulless people who would do those same things to YOU. Do you want these things made for you? For others? Because? Because this world is ugly enough, thanks to people who like to think of horrible events like this. <br /> <br /> There are so many art films out there to use your mind to deconstruct, but you're wasting your talents on this crap. There is no deeper meaning. There is nothing to analyze; Why keep trying? I spent almost 40 years watching virtually every movie of all time, and following all the new ones, but I've never seen anything as disgusting as that. It is not imaginative or shocking, because these kinds of events happen daily around the world. To make this film, or even to review it favorably, has caused more than 50 young airheads who know nothing better to think it's "cool". They can grow up thinking that by convincing others, some of whom may end up doing these things - convicted killers often reveal how they started out just like that, being insensitive to the horror of that cruel inhumanity. Trust me, I know how cool, cool this piece of crap is not. The Q visitor has the feel of a genuine SNUFF movie, and I'm still not sure if it's actually. <br /> <br /> Your actions have consequences, son. The world is horrible enough. Some such violence could happen to you, or to the socially irresponsible director who produced this FAKE Art movie. Believe me, you will not be thinking it's "cool" when someone is watching your skull in the middle!
