(BIG SPOILERS) I saw another Takashi Miike movie, and that was the very disturbing and brutal 'Audition', which was an examination of the Japanese ideals of femininity! In 'Visitor Q' - which I think means 'Visitor Question' - it examines, in a very disturbing way, the family unit. Miike's surreal vision of a dysfunctional family almost tries to be lynchian in terms of confusion and filmmaking, but ultimately has no style and intrigue. We, the audience, are introduced to a series of bizarre scenes from the opening scene with the paternal figure (Kenichi Endo - who was actually very good) paying for sex with his displaced daughter (Fujiko). Then, when the father returns home, he is hit in the head by "the visitor" (Kazushi Watanabe) wielding a fairly considerable stone and, for some reason, both end up returning to the family home. The mother (Shungiku Uchida) is beaten and intimidated by her son (Jun Muto), who is also beaten and bullied by her schoolmates. When the visitor enters the house, he positions himself in a threatening way as part of the unit. Eventually, the family begins to improve their relationship, with the help of the visitor, through breast milk, murder and maintaining a sense of family pride. <br /> <br /> And there are other crazy scenes that somehow bring the family closer together. . He has uncomfortable mood, but is equally frustratingly silly and exaggerated in his strangeness. There is a necrophiliating scene that is totally disgusting, but ends up being ridiculously funny as the scene progresses. Partly because of the situation itself, and partly because you can not believe that the filmmakers and the actors are actually doing it! The style of the film is poor, to say the least, and the plot is stupid and incredibly weak. The characters themselves are everywhere, and although I understand that this is not to be realistic, there will hardly be any interest in these characters and confronting situations, as they all border on the absurd! The camera work is sloppy and does not have that cinematographic feel Lynch's work implies. It is difficult to take this film seriously on a surrealistic level, or in an interpretation of examining the family unit in Japan. It seems that Miike was out of shock, and the film seems self-conscious that it is "trying" to be shocking, It's almost comical to be taken seriously. All in all, I would say this movie is a bizarrely comedy comedy, but it looks and feels amateurish, and seems unnecessarily wanting to shock. Miike's previous film, Audition, was finely balanced between disgusting horror, character development and technique - which established more intrigues in the way the film was created to allow the viewer to get involved with the plot. 'Q Visitor' is a step down as it strives a lot to be strangely bizarre and confrontational intentionally without actually having much to say in the process! <br /> <br /> ** out of *****!
