Here are the games. . . (Ultimate Warrior, Texas Tornado and Legion of Doom) v The Perfect Team (Ax, Smash and Crush of Demolition): Ax is the first to go in seconds, when Warrior sneezes into it for the pin (4-3 adv. Warriors). I knew Ax was not a healthy man, but if he was so unhealthy why bother him on the card? This would be your last PPV. Eventually, both Legion of Doom and Demolition work cheaply through double disqualification (2-1 adv. Warriors). Perfect applies the Perfect Plex in Texas Tornado to the pin. He then tries the same on Warrior, but Warrior does not sell and kicks out. Warrior comes back with a splash to pin Perfect and become the only survivor. 5/10 The Dusty Rhodes, Koko B Ware and The Hart Foundation v The Million Dollar Team (Ted Dibiase, Mystery Partner and Rhythm and Blues): The mysterious partner is The Undertaker and in his debut he makes an impact by knocking Koko off immediately with The Gravestone (Monsoon can still tell his correct height, weight, and finish while pretending not to know who he is) by making it 4-3 for the Dibiase Team. the pin (3-3) and his career in the WWF ended, shortly after Niedhart is a victim of Dibiase with the help of Virgil (3-2 adv. from Dibiase's team) - loosens the rope from above but does not come out silently attacking brother Love.Â Undertaker goes after Dusty and is counted despite not being the cool man (2-1 adv. Dibiase's Team.) Almost immediately after, Greg is caught in a cradle by Hart trying to put the figure four leg lock It all boils down to Hart v Dibia After a few minutes of good wrestling, Bre t gets your cross-body inverted by Dibiase to the pin. Dibiase is the only survivor. At least Hart is well used. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The Vipers (Jake 'The Snake' Roberts, 'Superfly' Jimmy Snuka and The Rockers) v Visionaries (Rick 'Model' Martel, Warlord and Power and Glory): After spending some time in the ring, Marty Jannetty is hit by Warlord when he leaves the top rope for the pin (4-3 adv. visionaries). Snuka gets stuck in seconds by Martel, who reverses his cross body (4-2 adv. Visionaries). Michaels is caught in Power Plex and arrested by Rome (4-1 adv. Visionaries). Now it's Roberts against four men resembling his effort at Survivor Series two years earlier. Despite having hit Warlord with the DDT, Roberts is counted chasing after Martel. The Visionaries are the first team in the history of the Survivor Series to survive completely as one. Not worth seeing here to be honest as the psychology is rushed. Hulkamaniacs (Hulk Hogan, Hacksaw Jim Duggan, Bigbossman and Tugboat) v Natural Disasters (Earthquake, Dino Bravo, Barbarian and Haku): A Bossman coup eliminates Haku at the beginning of the fight (4-3 adv. Hulkamaniacs). Duggan gets his 2 to 4 after beating Earthquake with him to be disqualified (3-3). Bravo commits suicide in his career shortly afterwards, allowing Hogan to pack him for the pin (3-2 adv. Hulkamaniacs). Earthquake manages to overcome Bossman with two drops of elbow to the pin soon after (2-2). Hogan is knocked down and FINALLY Tugboat gets a tag (who knew he was there at this point?), He fights for about 30 seconds before being quoted with earthquake. Only Hogan and Barbarian left. The barbarian makes a good offense, but inevitably gets caught in the big boot and the fall of the leg by the pin. Hogan is the only survivor. 4/10 <br /> <br /> The Alliance (Nikolai Volkoff, Tito Santana and Bushwhackers) • Mercenaries (Sgt Slaughter, Boris Zhukov and Orient Express): All Mercanaries wore camouflage face paint. Quick bolts pins here with Santana trapping Zhukov on his latest PPV in seconds (4-3 adv. Alliance). There was not even a Bolshevik confrontation. The Bushwhackers attacked Sato with The Battering Ram, although Tanaka was the legal man (4-2 adv. Alliance) and would be his last appearance on WWF PPV when The Orient Express was repackaged. Tanaka follows Sato when Santana stuns him with his flying forearm (4-1 adv. Alliance). Although Slaughter enters the ring against four men, he eliminates Volkoff (whose career ended thereafter), Butch and Luke in that order with relative ease. Finally, Santana beats Slaughter by disqualification when General Adnan hits him with the Iraqi flag. Finally, some interesting reservations, even though the game was horrible. Santana takes victory as the only survivor and becomes his last and best time. 3/10 <br /> <br /> The egg collides and is Hector Guerrerro in a silly outfit. He dances with Gene Okerlund and is booed by the crowd while Piper and Monsoon pretend they are enjoying it. Survival Game: Ultimate Warrior, Hulk Hogan and Tito Santana v Warlord, Power and Glory, Rick 'Model' Martel and Million Dollar Man Ted Dibiase: Just another catalog of eliminations like Santana Pins Warlord in seconds with the flying forearm, at least revenge on his previous loss at Summerslam (4-3 Dibiase team). Dibiase stun guns Santana then to the pin (4-2 adv. Dibiase's team). Hogan expelled from the Power Plex and proceeds to fix Rome after a clothesline, effectively killing the thrust of power and glory (3-2 adv. Dibiase Team). Hogan eliminates Martel by counting and Dibiase with the fall from leg to pin (2-1 adv. Hogan team). Hogan finally lets Warrior into the game, which quickly gets rid of old enemy Hercules after a dive. A very predictable ending to the point of nausea. 2/10 <br /> <br /> In general, many matches and very little time obviously had a damaging effect, since the fighters were almost waiting on a treadmill to be immobilized. Most jumps were decimated by Warrior and Hogan, which is a bad way to deal with a large list of fighters.
