I have to say this was a bit embarrassing for the 'King of Cowboys'; made in 1948, the image came out a decade after the first photos of Roy Rogers, in which he played a leading role. Roy's character seems a little ignorant in this film, along with co-star Jane Frazee, who alternates his loyalty between Roy and Robert Livingston, playing bandit boss Bill Regan. The whole story seems a bit confusing, with missed opportunities for what could have been a fun time or something. Like the legend of "Hangman's Hotel", for example, that says the hangman comes to life at midnight. With Andy Devine in the cast as Cookie Bullfincher, you'd think the story would get a bit out of this setup. Instead, you have some tricky procedures that would have been better met if this was a Bowery Boys movie. It was a sad attempt at a haunted hotel artifice that depended on poor old Genevieve, who, truth be told, ended up staying on screen longer than Trigger, who has the contract for "Smarter Horse in the Movies." dazed by a mule. And then you have Foy Willing and his Purple Sage Knights replacing Bob Nolan and the Pioneer Sons for his musical interlude. I do not know about you, but I was already in the middle of the scene and I was still looking for Pat Brady - alright! <br /> <br /> However, there was still an interesting element to be found here if you were looking for a lot, and this turned out to be Roy de Trigger's athletic contempt while still running away from the bad guys. Okay, it was probably a stunt double, but I have not seen this before in a few hundreds of westerns. <br /> <br /> Jane Frazee does the honors as the female lead in this picture, as she would in four other films opposite Roy in the 1947-1948 period. In "Under California Stars," she appeared as Andy Devine's cousin, aptly named Caroline Bullfincher. You're never convinced which side she's going to get into this story, since she starts pretending to be someone she is not, and ends up on the side of the good guy almost by accident. <br /> <br /> Fans of the old Laurel and Hardy movies might be as surprised as I am to see James Finlayson here as the sheriff of Sintown. I would have liked a little more relief from comedy written in his role, but he played very well after all. I had to ask myself, when it was all over, why did he and old Vanderpool (Charle Coleman) end up in the mine with Cookie when there was no reason for that to happen. Just one way to end this, I think, with as much thought as the rest of the picture. I hate being so tough, but if you've seen enough of Roy Rogers movies, you have to know that this was not one of your best efforts. <br /> <br /> Say, Sintown - I wonder if this is the same place that grew to be Sin City?
