Amy Poehler and Rachel Dratch are among the funniest women who participated in Saturday Night Live. It is unfortunate that they, along with Tina Fey and Maya Rudolph, were in the SNL during the longest writing and drafting period (circa 2002-2006) the program ever had. Still, these two women more especially know what's funny, and they know how to write a funny movie. You will notice in the credits of this film that Dratch and director Ryan Shiraki wrote the story for "Spring Breakdown," but who wrote the actual script, consisting of dialogues and all the important material that turns a story into a multidimensional movie? Yes, just Shiraki. Only one guy wrote the dialogue for this movie, and no woman apparently wrote the script with him. The result is a cliché spring break movie that does not fool both the faux holiday and exploit it as much as MTV does every year. If Dratch, Poehler and even co-star Parker Posey could have contributed their writing to the screenplay, it would have been much less cliché. The premise is original, with about three thirty-something women who were unpopular in high school (and apparently college as well) who have never had the fun spring trip they purported to have dreamed of. I say "supposedly" because you never know what's fun for these characters. They have participated in talent shows in the past, where they sing old-fashioned hymns like "True Colors," and spend their nights together doing parties to make their own pizza. While none of them are especially unattractive, the outside world seems to treat them as they are. There is a scene in which a blind student of Poehler (played by Poehler's husband, Will Arnett) invites her to a meeting, just to touch his face and immediately change his mind. If Poehler's character is supposed to be unattractive, they obviously hired the wrong actress. <br /> <br /> The film continues to be promising, although we have questions about the main characters when Posey's boss, Texas senator Kay Bee Hartmann (Jane Lynch, funny as ever) hires Posey to take care of her unpopular college-age daughter (Amber Tamblyn, playing another woman who is attractive in real life, but not in the eyes of any character in the movie) as she goes to a Laguna Beach vacation spot for spring break. Poehler and Dratch come together, they reluctantly get drunk, feast as they apparently should have when they were in college, and then comes the final confrontation with the frat fellowship led by Sophie Monk. <br /> <br /> Sophie Monk is an incredibly attractive woman who has a body that women and men would kill for different reasons. Unfortunately, his film career is about to start with the disgusting "Date Movie" (2006) and the disappointing "Click" (2006). Here she plays a southern beauty, though her voice sounds as if she had stolen Delta Burke's voice. She talks a little too hard, trying very hard to be a conniving bitch that she looks so much like a caricature of pampered college kids like the rest of the extras. <br /> <br /> "Spring Breakdown" was released directly to the DVD, despite the star power of Amy Poehler, but rightly so, because the story is very cliché. It may well have been called "National Lampoon's Spring Breakdown," and the magazine probably would not have sued for trademark infringement because of free advertising. If director Shiraki had given at least one woman the creative contribution, especially Rachel Dratch, that film would have been great and not as routine as the fraternity comedies we saw earlier. I know Dratch will come with another funny concept, and we hope we can fill in the rest of the script. She's funny enough, and she deserves more than this comedy that embraces Stiffler's brother with open arms.
