I got out of this movie with the feeling that it could have been so much better. Instead of what should be a tense and exciting story about a boy's fight for survival in the desert, this happens when a National Geographic documentary finds the Columbia Sportswear commercial. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Brian (Jared Rushton) getting ready for a plane trip to see his father. His mother, fortunately, gives him the curious choice of an ax as a farewell gift (what's wrong with a Rubik's Cube?), Little knowing how soon he will need it. Once in the air, the pilot of the plane (a small appearance of Ned Beatty) suffers a fatal heart attack, leaving Brian helpless when the airplane falls in a lake. Extremely lucky to walk (or swim) away virtually unharmed, Brian needs to find shelter, food and hope for ransom. <br /> <br /> Here is where the main problem with the movie begins. By the very nature of Brian's loneliness, Jared has few lines to speak of, and so the film should have compensated by increasing the tension of each scene. Instead, he is shown walking around, sitting, and so on with only a minimal sense of danger. As a result, much confidence is put into flashbacks to the problematic marriage of parents as a source of tension. These scenes only hinder and do not add much to the story. Even worse, occasionally Jared? his face covered with mud - lets out a cry or two primitives, which evokes unfortunate parallels with "Predator." Speaking of unfortunate, we could have done with being spared the sight of his mullet, but presumably helped keep it warm at night. <br /> <br /> Another disappointment is Pamela Sue Martin in a totally ineffective performance as the mother. Both she and her father have very little impact on the film. For example, we are never shown how they react to the news of Brian's disappearance, how they may be organizing rescue attempts, and so on. This is just a source of tension that the filmmakers would have done well to explore rather than spending so much time on events that took place before Brian embarked on his journey.
