Another great cast of stars, another set of glamor, another renowned director, another movie full of songs that is at the top of the charts, but what is missing at the end of the day is a story that every spectator expects from a big budget movie . So much hype is what was lurking around the film before its debut on the red carpet. A hype that has reached a point where Anil Kapoor predicts the film would be one of the best love stories ever made after Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. Well, Anilji, what movie were you talking about? Well, the plot of the movie is about 6 different couples and 12 different people, who have a totally different attitude towards life, but despite their different approach to life, everyone has a common problem, which is LOVE . Well, actually, a catchy subject. But little did we expect the film to be so boring that it would disappoint the audience's ultimate expectation of a multi-part film. These are types of movies that I totally detest because after spending good money for a multiplex ticket I get locked in the theater for 4 hours just waiting in agony for the climax. <br /> <br /> The problem starts from the beginning. The director gets so confused by the plot that somewhere he gets confused about how to divide the time into six different star castles. Some of the couples like Anil Kapoor-Juhi and Sohail Khan (whoever the woman is opposed to him) simply does not make any sense for their existence in the movie. Salman (who calls rahul in a weird way for the whole movie. Well, something like Rahoooooool) again, as usual, try to be even cooler with his Videsi accent half Hindi. Hey Sallu Bhai, now that Aish is getting married, at least go get Abhishek's tip to improve your acting skills. A simple striptease would not make the movie a box office all the time. And Anilji stops shaving his beard or looks totally like a eunuch. And kissing a girl the age of her daughters does not seem as cool as watching Jack Nicholson in a romantic movie. And please, Nikhilji avoid putting superfluous scenes in a movie that is not necessary for the movie. <br /> <br /> The other major flaw in the movie was that there was a perfect synchronization between the stories of different couples. . Each story in itself seems to have been drawn from different films, assembled to form a sadistic plot of Salaam-E-Ishq. Bollywood still has to learn a lot from movies like Snatch, Memento, where the director knows the perfect art of shoving the different unrelated sequences to form a perfect storyline. <br /> <br /> Somewhere, while I was evaluating the pre-release At the cinema, someone predicted that the movie would not be good, because the title of this movie adds the number 28, and 28 is considered a bad number in numerology. But I totally take my position, saying that the movie will fail, not because of its numerology flaws, but because of the myriad flaws that persisted in the film. And when a director like Nikhil Advani can make such serious mistakes throughout the movie's history, any wonder would not have saved the movie from being bombarded at the box office. <br /> <br /> My suggestion to all of you is Please do not watch this movie at any cost. Not worth a pie you pay for the ticket. There are in fact better films on the movie screens that are worth watching more than Salaam-E-Ishq.
