I had never read the novel by Gary Paulsen, Hatchet, for which 'A Cry in the Wild' is the adaptation of, so I can not make comparisons with the book. I will, however, say that as a film on its own, adaptation or non-adaptation, it was an underdeveloped adventure that provides no important explanation of its few characters. Think of 'A Cry in the Wild' as a less-luxurious teen climber (Quincy, California, the only place it was filmed?) version of 'Cast Away'. Jared Rushton is 13-year-old Brian Roebson, a boy driven on a small plane to visit his father, until the ship crashes into some desert terrain of the mountain, leaving the boy stuck for a long time and having to defend himself. There are basically three parts to the movie. The obvious is the introduction of ten or fifteen minutes of the characters, namely Brian and his mother. <br /> <br /> The next third of the film (which really consumes almost the entire film) is Brian's "roughing." These scenes do not contain any particularly incredible action, nothing spectacular beyond a lot of cinematic photography of a beautiful Yukon landscape. Nothing to leave him on the edge, no real encounter (except a quick confrontation with a puppy) and no big dilemma to start some kind of pleasure or connection with the character on the screen. You may even feel a bit bored with the passage of time as we witness Brian dealing with his situation through primitive means, and then with more improved ones (using tools, etc.) for his survival. It's more like the common time that passes if you were really stuck with the situation, and that's basically about it. In other words, they do not put any flesh in Paulsen's words when they translate them into visual media. <br /> <br /> And of course, the third part of the movie is his ransom. <br /> <br /> There is a subplot that you continuously seek to make known during this time, however. Some conflict between Brian and his parents that created a difficult and complicated relationship between them. However, most of the time, this is only explained in brief, minimal and intermittent dialog flashbacks that seem more like a background story for a video clip. At any time, the Jefferson Starship singer should start singing "Sara." In addition to what the viewer can draw from the implications, or guess his own need to fill the gaps in the narrative, we have a very underdeveloped story that was probably needed to enjoy at least part of this movie and create a connection to the film. characters, if it actually had anything to do with Brian's survival adventure in the third part of the movie. These are the flaws in narrating it through the viewer in a stupor as he struggles to find out what the heck these people on the screen are doing and for me almost done to the point of screaming at the television to say something and tell me more ! <br /> <br /> Certainly it was not for me a good tale of adventure. But for fans of Jared Rushton, it was one of the last films he did. So, notice this only for nostalgia, if nothing else.
