Six for the price of one! So it's a time of bonanza for the cinegers. It is not? Here is not one, not two, but all six love stories, a cast of big Bollywood stars, plus all the stories of the genre of their favorite directors Johar, Bhansali, Chopra et al. You will see every damn kind of love story you have enjoyed or better tolerated for years now. So it's no big deal to you. Do you need anything more than that? No sir, thank you. Why sir? That's enough. Please spare us. They signed all the big stars they could sign, whether they needed it or not, so they end up making a star circus, believe it or not. Too crowded Every thing described here is exactly as it is prescribed in the bollywood book of novels. Also, you have to justify the length given to each story because each one has stars. So it's too long, plus three hours. The jokes are filming. Characters are filmy. Problems, barriers, situations, resolution? Yes, you guessed it right, again? Filmy tried and tested. Same hundreds of dancers dancing in colorful costumes in the background. Why do not they have other work to do? All couples are sweet, fairytale type, picture perfect. They are all very similar. Does each story begin in a perfect way, and therefore should it also end in this impossible impossible way? Very casual. You can not connect to a single story. Here you have everything you've seen a million times. Escapist abnormal, unreal and unreal stories, considered normal for more than a hundred years since the evolution of this Indian cinema. What a scorn of sensitivity of today's audience? Yes, it might have worked as a parody if it only paid homage to past love stories, but unfortunately even this thing is not explored. At least director Nikhil Advani should have tried an unconventional and unconventional love story, but then, what will happen to the tradition of living up to the bollwood bakery brigade? Oh! Someone has to go on, no. Imagine, on the one hand, that the public finds it difficult to go through one of these love stories and here we have six times more pain. I mean six fucking stories. I mean twice the fun of Chopra Mohabbatein (Year 2000) In this time and time, get something real, guys. Now we're desperate to see some not-so-colorful people and not-so-bright stories Oh, what you said now - come on, this is entertainment. My advice, please do not waste your time thereafter by reading these comments. Go instead, have a little more entertainment! Thank you.
