Who are these "they" - the actors? the filmmakers? It certainly could not be the audience - this is one of the most inflated productions in the world. Is it the kind of movie that seems like a lot of fun to film? VERY fun, no one is doing any real work, and this almost always makes a movie that is not fun to watch. <br /> Ritter wears glasses to hammer out his character's status as some sort of doppleganger. Bogdanovich's glasses; the scenes with the airy Stratten are sweet, but I have an embarrassing feeling of looking at the guys I'm dating the prom queen. Ben Gazzara flaunts his usual cat-and-canary smile in a futile attempt to elevate the thin plot, which requires him to seek Audrey Hepburn with all the interest of a narcoleptic at an insomnia clinic. Meanwhile, the respective children of the couple in formation (nepotism alert: Bogdanovich's daughters) are cute and take some rather disturbing tips on "love" while watching their parents. (Hepburn, basing himself on his dignity, manages to outdo procedures - but he has the monumental challenge of representing himself ostensibly). Everyone looks great, but so what? It's a movie and we can expect a lot, if that's what you're looking for, you'd better get a copy of Vogue. <br /> <br /> Oh- and it should be mentioned that Colleen Camp is completely irritated, even out of his corner, which, though competent, is totally unconvincing ... the country and the west numbers are terribly incompatible with the soundtrack standards. Certainly, this is not what Gershwin (who wrote the song from which the title of the film is derived) had in mind; their 20s stage musicals may have been light, but at least they were delighted. "They All Laughed" tries to take advantage of their good intentions, but nobody - let alone Peter Bogdanovich - has the good sense to stop. Due largely to the tragic death of Dorothy Stratten, this film has a special place in the heart of Mr. Bogdanovich - he even bought it back from its producers, then distributed it on his own and went to bankruptcy when it was not popular. His rise and fall is among the most sympathetic and tragic stories in Hollywood, so there is no joy in criticizing the film ... there is a real emotional investment in Stratten's scenes. But "Laughed" is a weak echo of "The Last Picture Show", "Paper Moon" or "What's Up, Doc" - following "Daisy Miller" and "At Long Last Love" was a thunderous confirmation of the phase of which PB never appeared. <br /> <br /> All in all, however, the film is harmless, just a waste of rent. I want to see people having fun, I go to the park on a sunny day. For film expressions of joy and love, I will stay with Ernest Lubitsch and Jaques Demy ...
