This is a sad movie made for sad people. I was sitting in the theaters tearing my hair, wanting to break the chairs in front of me as the movie spat one undecided scene after another. And there were people laughing behind me, which made me wonder what kind of movies these people should be watching to really enjoy this horse. ** Nikkhil Advani has six stories without plot. and no interesting characters. The script is annoying, probably he was drunk when he was writing this movie. There is no strong influence on any of these stories. Nothing new, nothing to arrest the audience and filled with dialogues that you would have heard a million times before. One of the stories is about this couple not being able to have sex because of a series of disasters occurring every time they want to do this. I mean, seriously is this story really necessary? It's not funny, not creative, but it only proves that Advani has no sense of comedy. Another one of the stories (which was probably the only story I was interested in) is based on a man's infidelity and also ends up in a crappy old sati-savitri pati-parmeshwar. I have no idea what the plot of Salmaan-Priyanka was. There was no problem in the plot to be a plot. Can not she take the Karan Johar movie because she has to marry Salmaan? Why can not she marry him and still take the movie? or Advani and Priyanaka just want to prove to the world that it is true that female actors can not be successful if they are married or should not act in movies after they are married? With six actors in the film, obviously, Advani can not produce the film alone. So he makes full use of sponsors like the Times group, blatantly promoting his Filmfare magazines. And also some jewelery brand that the women in the movie seem to absolutely love !! I come to IMDb to give the worst rating and am shocked to see posts praising the film. It just shows the sad state of bollywood and how the star struck the fans. With fans like these, films like Salaam And Ishq will continue to be made and, worse, will probably be a success.
