The problems with Salaam-e-Ishq by Nikhil Advani are many. A concept of a line that looks good on paper (which also worked on an earlier English film - Love Actually) gives terribly wrong thanks to inept and superficial writing. A well-intentioned idea is crushed to pieces under the weight of its own gigantic ambition. A director so completely baffled by his first much-applauded movie goes overboard with the devices that worked on his previous film (Kal Ho Na Ho) - try counting the number of times the split-screen device is used in this movie. The problem is - what worked fabulously in Kal Ho Na Ho were the emotional excesses of the film production school Karan Johar, but here, 'emotion' does not please us very much with its on-screen appearance - not even superficially. The writer / director gives us 'six relationships with a common problem - love', but where is the intensity, where is the depth, where is the 'emotion'? A 'tribute to love' without emotion? And one that goes on and on ...... Nah, that just does not work! <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the basic requirement for such a movie to work is that not only should each individual story be "complete", it must - in one way or another - follow the graph of the traditional three-act structure (screen writing guru, Paradigm of Syd Field). That's the real reason Salaam-and-Ishq did not work for me. None of the stories had depth or a roller coaster of emotional ups and downs expected in traditional Hindi cinema. Besides, the connection between some of the stories seemed tenuous and very forced. It is unclear what Salman Khan is doing at Ayesha Takia's wedding. If he were forced to be present at the wedding scene for a good tidy, why not conjure up some more coincidences and bring the other two couples to the wedding as well? That would be tidier. <br /> <br /> But, yes, some of the stories have made many promises. On the one hand, the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla tries to address a very real situation - the midlife crisis, but her journey is so linear that you wonder if it really was a problem. Likewise, the problem of commitment in the history of Akshaye Khanna-Ayesha Takia is also true for life. If only it was developed a little better. I felt that the most promising stories in this mash-mash were told from the male point of view, which is fine, but it reduces the emotional quotient of these stories because the female characters - Juhee Chawla and Ayesh Takia in particular - have all the depth of a Half full bath. Should not this movie be about '12 different lives'? Now the actors. John Abraham still needs to learn how to act, while Vidya Balan is reliable and captivating as ever. Anil Kapoor receives a paper written just for him, but sometimes exaggerates the boredom of his character. Since she failed to get a fleshy character to portray, Juhee Chawla uses her charming smile and natural acting style to cover it up. Akshaye Khanna is fine, although it seems a bit exaggerated in some scenes. Ayesha Takia does not have much to do, but she reminds us that she's the same girl who surprised us with her brave performance in Pain. Govinda tries to compensate for this great mistake called Bhagam Bhag, and achieves in large part. <br /> <br /> This brings me the most annoying track of the film (which ends unforgivably in occupying the maximum screen time) - Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra. The track is mostly annoying because of them. But I must credit them with their consistency. They are consistently bad throughout the movie. Priyanka might very well be the next queen of hamming - I do not buy the crap that her role (that of an 'girl of items') required her to act exaggeratedly. Someone should tell her the difference between being extravagant because the character demands this and is absolutely damaging. If you've seen Rakhi Sawant (who seems to be the inspiration behind this role) in your interviews and Bigg Boss, you know what I mean. I strongly feel that if Nikhil Advani had taken Rakhi Sawant in this role instead of a bigger star like Priyanka, the story would have worked better. Salman Khan's false accent is ... well, Shannon Esra's Hindi is less pronounced than Salman's. <br /> <br /> To be fair to the director, he manages to add some good direction touches to the film. I particularly enjoyed the use of gray as the predominant color in Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla's history as a metaphor for her boring existence, and the bright colors that enter the story with the arrival of the other woman. But will anyone choose to paint the house with various depressive tones? This is an acceptable film license, I would say. But when the film spends almost 4 hours, it almost seems like the director is trying very hard to give the viewer a glimpse of his 'touch' in an infinitely winding montage of uninspiring sequences. <br /> <br /> Maybe Nikhil Advani wants us to sit in the theater as humanly as possible - pata nahin, kal ho na ho.
