I'm a big fan of Ludlum's work and the Covert-one books, and I often thought of how they would be amazing in a movie. Imagine my excitement, then, knowing that such a film really existed! The Hades Factor, being the first in the series, seemed like an obvious place to start. From the outset, the film was disappointing. Simple elements of the film, such as Griffin's first encounter with Smith, are unnecessarily different from the book and far less stimulating. Several characters are badly cast as well. To begin with, Dorff is deplorable as Smith. Not a bad actor, just an incredibly bad choice, since he is very weak, and does not exhibit many of the defining features of John Smith. <br /> <br /> Renaming, re-assigning and even omitting certain characters further degrade this film. For example, the removal of Victor Tremont and the whole history of the virus, including the involvement of VAXHAM, makes the whole purpose of the film somewhat nebulous. Marty Zellerbach is a very large part of the book, and in the seat he occupies a very different place (not to mention that the character of the movie has nothing in common with the character of the book) is another big mistake. <br /> <br /> It is likely that Rachel Russel is Randi Russell from the book. Not only should she be the sister of Sophie Amsden (should be called Sophia Russell), but she should also work in the CIA, NOT "Covert-one". Which brings me to my final point, and I think one of the most important. COVERT-ONE does not even exist at the moment! Not until the second book in the series is Covert-One conceived by the president as a precautionary measure against future biological terrorism. <br /> <br /> To be honest, I could continue all day. In short - if you like the books and want to see a good adaptation, I'm afraid you'll be bitterly disappointed. Even as an action movie, it is completely median, mainly due to very poor editing and bad effects. The confusing plot and the dull script are the last nails in the very cheap coffin of this movie.
