'Baptists at Our Barbecue' is the best film of all time. Now that I have your attention with that horribly inaccurate statement that must be a pending offense, if I may, let me get my brief overview of this tacky, offensive, pretentious, and boring piece of crap that I think you could consider a movie. First of all, the low budget of this stinker is totally obvious based on the very poor and inexperienced direction of Christian Vuissa, and on the tacky, overly lazy, tearful and flamboyant script by F. Mathew Smith. I really despise the fact that it sends a very pro-Mormon message, and a half anti-any other religion. Yes, the story is about a little town full of Mormons and half full of Baptists. It shows all the main characters and role model being Mormon, and being so good and perfect, yet they are being chosen by evil, conniving and very judgmental Baptists. This shows how Mormons are beautiful and how Baptists are cold and ignorant, rather than showing a bit of solidarity as would be appropriate and realistic. I am not a part of any religion (actually an atheist), but it offended me, along with a countless number of Baptists, probably. It shows Baptists as being very closed and hostile to Mormons, and Mormons being very receptive, when, again, there is actually a mutual liking / dislike between them. Sorry, I did not mean to leave in an outburst. Another aspect of the 'Baptists in Our Barbecue' that I did not like very much was acting. The performances are very amateur and unnatural, especially from Heather Beers. Ms. Beers stumbles on her way without any passion or feeling for her role, and I was not too impressed with Dan Merkley, who is the main character in this mediocre movie, but I have to say that he is so much more talented. or shows more talent in this movie then Heather Beers. Whoever played the city sheriff was awful, too. Although there is perhaps a little deep chuckle in the film, it is full of clichés. For example, the main character, Tartan (Merkley), finds comfort with a Native American who always gives him the best advice on things related to a tribal way of life - how stupid is that? To make the situation even more pathetic cliché, Tartan buys the poor, lonely pagan puppy. Ugghhh! <br /> <br /> If you want my advice, stay as far away from 'Baptists at Our Barbecue' as possible. I saw it on the shelf and thought it would be a cute and interesting indie on religion. All I got was a piece of shit. Grade: D- <br /> <br /> My ratings guide - A + (impeccable absolutley); A (a masterpiece, almost perfect); A- (excellent); B + (optimal); B (very good); B- (good); C + (a mixed bag); C (average); C- (disappointing); D + (bad); D (too bad); D (absolutley horrendous); F (not a redeeming quality in this piece of Hollywood stool).
