Unsurprisingly, a Mazursky film made in the 1970s would be counter-culture, hippie-friendly - and has many hippies - and, of course, is childishly anti-authoritarian (for example, the scene in Mexico). frontier, when Sutherland provokes officer of a custom, showing little respect and then accuses the latter of making him open his luggage just because he (Sutherland) has long hair). The constant left-handed dribble might have gotten me off my nerves if I had not been prepared for it beforehand; Sutherland reflects aloud to his family and friends about possible movie ideas for his next movie, and most of these ideas are about blacks or Indians (needless to say he would be welcomed with open arms in Hollywood today). One of his cinematic ideas is about a black revolt in Beverly Hills - a racial war, so to speak, in the middle of Los Angeles. This is the kind of nonsense that Mazursky thinks about writing scripts for his films. Fortunately, some of Sutherland's hippy friends scoff at this premise of the Black Revolution, and the resulting dialogue is not bad; a little later, the Jew makes a discussion about Sutherland making a movie about "masturbation and the black problem" when the latter starts talking about masturbation. Another funny moment is when Sutherland's eldest daughter does a fucking PC on stage with her white classmates, and they all say, "We, the Blacks of the Republic of South Africa ...". There is always a certain self-indulgence when Hollywood makes a movie about Hollywood - especially when it is Hollywood making a movie about Hollywood discussing Hollywood making movies. This is very self-indulgent. The scene with Fellini (playing himself) is more fun than annoying. Mazursky plays in the standard soup the flower children and anti-Vietnam bullshit, and also mocks corporate Hollywood, but he was / is part of a "fake Hollywood" (lyrics of that song in the surrealist war). segment) just like any other person; I'm sure he also speaks poorly at Beverly Hills parties and smiles while shaking hands with people he does not know or like, but whose money he wants very much for his (left) neighbor. ) project. As for your hair: it has the worst hair I have seen in a long time (on film or elsewhere); it's like the kind of long hair that a middle-aged accountant would have grown for a long time. The film remains relatively interesting, despite its lack of purpose, but rather weakens in boredom in the last third. If you want to read my parody / biography of Donald Sutherland (and other Hollywood actors), contact me by email.
