The concept of this horror movie made for TV is absurd beyond words, but it was in the late 70's and literally all idiot horror formats were very lucrative, so why not explore the idea of ​​a satanically possessed dog? The plot of "Devil Dog" is easy to describe for fans of the horror genre: just think of "The Omen" and replace the newborn baby with a nest of German Shepard puppies! Seriously, I'm not joking, that's what the movie is about! During the opening sequence, members of some kind of satanic cult buy a bitch in heat only to have it impregnated by Satan himself. You would think that the Dark Lord has other things on his mind than to fornicate with a German Shepard and conquer the world of an evil cub at the time, but apparently not. Just like little Damien in "The Omen," one of the puppies is taken by the model family and grows up to become a handsome and charismatic animal. But luck? Is that the dog's name? it is pure evil and liquid irritating neighbors and meddling teachers in ways derived and executed with meekness. He also inflicts his evil character on the family's wife and children, but he can not force his father (Richard Crenna) to stick his arm in a lawnmower because he is a "chosen one." The whole thing becomes very idiotic for words when Crenna eventually travels to Ecuador to look for an old wall painting and receives advice from an old wizard who speaks perfect English. I think he learned to live in isolation on top of a mountain his whole life. Director Curtis Harrington ("What's the Deal with Helen", "Ruby") and lead actor Richard Crenna ("Wait till Dark", "The Evil") desperately try to create a suspenseful and mysterious atmosphere, but all is in vain . Scenes like doggy eyes, spontaneously setting fire to a Spanish maid or a dog dodging bullets without even moving, evoke laughter instead of heartache, and even scary musical music can not do that. The "special" effects are pathetic, especially near the end, when the dog-satan turns into a cheese shadow on the wall. "Devil Dog" is a truly stupid movie, but it's definitely hilarious to watch late at night with some friends and lots of drinking. There are entertaining short appearances of Martine Beswick ("Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde") as the terrifying cult queen and R.G. Armstrong ("The Car", "The Pack") as the evil seller of fruits, vegetables and dogs. And, yes, that boring daughter is the same kid who finds himself whining about his ice cream in Carpenter's "Assault on Precinct."
