Offering a killer combination of terrible writing, terrible acting and terrible direction, is a throw if Kinjite: Forbidden subjects is offensively bad or just hilariously bad. It's almost as if someone was running a competition to make the cannon movie weaker and more bland. As if a glance at a cast including such characters as 'Lesbian Pedophile', 'Perverted Gentleman', 'Porno Actress' was not enough, it's your only chance to see Charles Bronson's cop playing a low life in a bed and get a vibrator - but do not worry, that's fine, because the screams on the screen make it clear that he's just torturing you for information. After all, even though he is a bit overprotective of his beautiful Catholic daughter, he is a good Catholic policeman who regularly brings local Catholic priest William O'Connell a packed lunch and who believes in poetic justice - or at least make sure the bad guys are done . at the most, with the most excited inmates, maximum security can give them a taste of their own medicine. But then that's what you can tell him: "Look, I think you're a bit unstable." Still, when he later offered a bribe, he may growl, "I'd like to stick this in your ass, but I do not want to get my hands dirty," he clearly learned where to draw the line: instead, he just makes him eat one watch for $ 25,000 and set fire to his Cadillac. The anal obsession goes as far as the title of the film: despite the poster with a naked Japanese girl on a porn movie set, the only direct example of Kinjite / banned subjects from the film, as Alex Hyde White's English teacher tells a group of Japanese businessmen It is, er talking about their bowel movements in educated society. Bronson is not just too old for this, as the opening fight makes clear, he's too old for love interest Peggy Lipton, and she seems old enough to have grown kids. A better actor than he has ever received the credit for getting the right stuff, here he is giving less a suitably thoughtful character than a series of reactionary extravagances. When he is not widening the circles of suspects, he accidentally drops them to death beside the buildings. He is definitely not a P.C. copper, with a special dislike of the Japanese - as if it were not enough that they are buying American companies, what is worse, they park on a public road! No racial minority is not attacked, whether it be a black pimp or a Pakistani hotel worker, not a non-recycled police officer, a beating boss or a dead meat partner (Perry Lopez and his spectacularly bad hair dye that deserves attention) own billing). The twin traits - the Bronson police officer, L.A., trying to overthrow the pimp Juan Hernandez, who deals with underage girls and the Japanese businessman obsessed with pornography by James Pax? it took us an eternity to intertwine, and then in the most improbable way: after feeling Bronson's daughter on a bus ("Some Oriental face touched my saint of saints!"), in the idea of ​​poetic justice in the film, Pax finds his own daughter kidnapped by Hernandez. You kind of expect the writer to pop his head around the corner of the screen and say, "How do you like apples?" <br /> <br /> Somewhere beneath all the laziness lies the germ of a good idea, even though it is too developed to be clear about what this idea really is, but the execution is pure Rising Sun: the Archie Bunker version, taken from a music video of the 80s with a scandalous and half lazy footage on the dock -in-up-and-explode-up finale that sees a small army of machine gun helpers suddenly appear up the free body count . Is the Bronson's last worst in different collaborations with J. Lee Thompson? and sadly Thompson's last film as director - is a poor signage for two undervalued players who, increasingly, never seemed to have insight into the photos they said yes.
