Blood Legacy begins with the arrival of attorney Tom Drake (Norman Bartold) to Dean's estate formerly owned by the now deceased Christopher Dean (John Carradine), upon his arrival he is welcomed by the four children of Dean, Gregory (Jeff Morrow) and his wife Laura (Merry Anders), Victoria (Faith Domergue), Johnny (Richard Davalos) and Leslie (Brooke Mills) and his friend Carl Isenberg (John Smith). Drake plays a recorded tape of his father's last wishes after his death, the $ 136 million worth of assets must be divided equally among his four children, if any died, then the money would be divided equally among the others and if all were to die, the freaky servants Elga (Ivy Bethune), Igor (Buck Kartalian) and the more commonly called Frank (John Russell) would pack the batch. Well, not satisfied with a $ 136 million room (which is still nearly $ 35 million in 1971, which does not look bad to me), someone decides they want it all by themselves and it will not be long before decapitated heads come to appear the refrigerator ... <br /> <br /> Co-written, produced and directed by Roy Monson Blood Legacy disappointed me in two accounts. To begin with, the alternate and much more common title of this film is Legacy of Blood, which is also the title of an obscure horror film directed by Andy Milliagn in '78, which I have always wanted to see, both films are regularly mixed as both have similar stories and when I checked my cable TV guide for Legacy of Blood I was excited because it said it was Milligan's movie and even listed it as director then when I actually sat down to watch and heard the voice of John Carradine and I knew then that it was not Milligan's movie that I wanted to see, my heart sank. Then, of course, there is the simple but undeniably direct fact that Blood Legacy is a total piece of crap that is literally painful to watch at times. The script for Monson and Eric Norden is slow, boring and extremely predictable. The character is absolutely bizarre in a boring way, the aberration of a servant who asks his sister (?) To flare him, the strange set of brothers and sisters who are only downright enviable and so far from reality that any tension or mystery that the simplistic history of whodunit you could have achieved is losing a lot and then there is the terrible turnaround that you can guess in the first 10 minutes. It's boring to watch, it's poorly paced and it's just a chore to think about it. Please somebody save me, because this is too bad. I could go on all day about how bad the Legacy of Blood is, I really could. Director Monson was working with a nonexistent budget or, judging by that, he should not have driven the traffic. The whole movie looks ugly, it's barely photographed and there's no atmosphere or scares. Blood and blood are meek, there is an ax in the head, a head decapitated, a scene in which someone is stung to death by the wasp and the best murder when someone's face is eaten by the piranha. However, there are question marks about this scene, so there is the victim, right. There's the piranha tank, right. The head of the victims is placed in the tank of the piranha, on the right. Pirahna eats face of victims, right. The water remains crystal clear even though the victim has his face eaten, where is the blood? <br /> <br /> Technically Blood Legacy is terrible, looks horrible, the sound was obviously filmed live and is stuffy and hard to hear, considering the terrible dialogue is perhaps a blessing in disguise. The performance would not win awards to anyone, sure, the least is said about it, the best. <br /> <br /> Blood Legacy is a horrible movie, there is not a single positive aspect or if there is no way to think about it. Do yourself a favor and do not bother with this, there are much better movies out there.
