*** SPOILERS *** With a reunion of family members and servants of the late Christopher Dean, John Carradine, to hear his last will and testament, they have a little surprise in that Dean's fortune, about 140 million dollars. The money should be split between them, but only after spending a week at Dean's mansion. There seemed to be some confusion in the story, when we discovered that it's really a night, not a vacation, at the mansion for the guests to qualify for Dean's money, since most people end up dead at sunrise. The first victim of the Curse Dean has nothing to do with the getting and money of the late Christopher Dean, local sheriff Dan Garcia, Rodolfo Acosta. Acosta has his head cut chilled and then served on a tray for a shocked group of guests. Later that night, the cute little Chin Greg and Laura, Jeff Morrow and Marry Anders, a pet dog found dead floating outside in the pond. <br /> <br /> The movie has all the people staying at the Dean Mansion being beaten. one by one until it is revealed who is really the killer. We then have what appears to be a double-edged story in which the original murderer is suddenly killed along with two of the last remaining guests. The real killer ends up not only getting the whole loot, 140 million dollars, but ends up not having to share it with his accomplice doing it, or she, giving him a poisonous biscuit that kills him in the act. No sense did that, and haunted house, movie with a cast of such immoral and unpleasant characters that even a mother, much less the public, would have difficulty liking. There is everything you can imagine in the move involving the selective guests which includes S & M sadism for incest and of course double-dealing and back-stabbing without counting murder. You just could not care less about who of the guests survives to collect Dean's fortune at the end of the movie hoping against all hope, then none of them does. <br /> <br /> Even the big surprise in the end is not really It is not a surprise since the murderer's identity is disclosed with the filmmaker having forgotten to keep his face in the shadows so you really see who he is before even to reveal yourself! Then we have a twist on the storyline that eliminates the killer along with a number of remaining guests just to make the movie a little more confusing than it already is. The final twist, which you can see coming up to sixteen miles away, was just to show how the killer was very obvious, fooling almost anyone who watched the movie.
