I've been a fan of all things Bill Maher for 15 years, but this movie was disappointing and sometimes disgusting. Of course I'm a Catholic, I come from a well-educated family and go to church of my own free will, which probably leaves me with some of Bill's opinions. <br /> <br /> Bill's problem is that he assumes religion is uniformly negative. He is correct in documenting his sociological aspects, that is, one faith builds his vacation upon the other, and that many wars were initiated because of religion (or, more precisely, by the sinister appeals of men to the supreme and unquestioned authority of God ). , but that said he never looks to his positive side. Frankly, I think hell would freeze before Bill humbled himself and traveled to the slums of Calcutta where Mother Teresa spent her life working with the poorest of the poor. She is dead now, of course, but he could easily visit the Jesuit priest in East Los Angeles who runs Homeboy Industries, who works with young men, typically with experience in gangs and prisons to teach professional skills, remove tattoos, and become members responsible. or you could visit the Institute of Advanced Catholic Studies at USC that brought together some of the world's best theologians, diplomats and investment bankers to explore ways to ethically integrate the world's poorest countries into global capital markets and thereby improve the standard of living for half of the world's people living on less than $ 1 a day. Of course he will not do this because it would require him to consider evidence that does not fit easily into his preconceived beliefs about religion, and it is much easier to continue to make superficial jokes. <br /> <br /> This fits into the other big problem with Bill's movie, which is that he never submits to anyone at his level or to who is better than him. In this film, Maher, the Cornell graduate, spends most of his time talking to truck drivers at a Christian truck stop service, a nightclub with a Dutchman smoking marijuana all the time with the minister of a church . in Miami, who claims to be the reincarnation of Christ, and an actor playing Jesus at a theme park in the "Holy Land." <br /> <br /> What you will not see in Bill's movie, aside from some superficial speculation alongside a Ph.D in Grand Central Station, that religion chemically alters the brain as drugs do and that religion is the fallacy of the tradition forged in the masses, is any kind of serious and questioning interviews with professors of philosophy and theology from schools such as Notre Dame, BYU, or Wheaton College, who could easily decapitate him rhetorically in a debate on the subject. You will see no serious discussion of any of the writings of C.S. Lewis, G.K. Chesterton, or any papal encyclical, and of course you will also find no discussion of any of the non-Abrahamic faiths (Judaism, Christianity, and Islam). All you get at the end of the day is a classic example of a condescending and snobbish elitist from the west side of Los Angeles who makes a movie for his own kind and who has absolutely no understanding of how the other half of America who elected George W Bush (twice) lives their lives or about the school of thought behind it. <br /> <br /> I get a lot of what Bill is saying, but for someone who has his intellect and influence, this movie was nothing short of pathetic. Anyone interested in the kind of intellectual fermentation that indie documentaries usually bring could find more stimulus in an old Teletubbies reprise.
