I rented this right after renting "Expelled" by Ben Stein, and I thought it would be interesting to compare them. Before going further, it seems fair that I indicate the following so that a reader can see whether I have prejudice or not. I'm trying to be objective, for the record. <br /> <br /> I usually enjoy Maher's HBO show from time to time, though I rarely think he's the source of humor. I also do not care about your stand-up. But he does make some good points in the show from time to time, and I liked Politically Incorrect, although he was still politically correct (which I consider negative because the term itself sounds Orwellian or at least fascist). As for my religious views, I will say, for simplicity, that I am a non-denominated. Christian with some visions that are objectivist and others that are agnostic mixed. <br /> <br /> Having said that, this is a bad "documentary" for reasons that have not yet been approached by many critics - although the ones mentioned are valid as well. The reason he is not convincing is not only that he argues the main point without letting others speak (and his point is not just logical, it's just "come on, really?", Which is not a point, just a question.Try David Hume if you want a decent argument.The reason this is not convincing is the lack of subject matter experts.I saw this about 2 months ago and I only remember him talking to a person whose credentials like professors were mentioned if he were not a clergyman.There are probably hundreds of scientists or at least Masters or PhD professors willing to do a bit of verbal discussion, particularly in the fields of History, Anthropology or a number of others. If we compare this to Ben Stein's "Expelled: No Intelligence Allowed," he will find out that Stein interviewed about 30 accredited professors, pros, clergy, etc. He does this with a variety sources. He also makes a point in his film about freedom of thought and education. Maher could easily have pointed out errors committed by theocratic rules over centuries or persecutions because of this. Instead, he stupidly refers to secular totalitarian regimes of the twentieth century as evidence of why secularism needs more socio-political power. (it's in bonus features where he's in front of Anne Frank's house, I think). This is a real Orwellian trip. He blames Christianity, in particular, for many useless deaths - which have had their share, though much smaller than most - without even including a basic view of the evidence. Perhaps this is because this argument is overshadowed by the miserable record of secular humanism of the twentieth century ALONE. Another glaring weakness is his unwillingness to speak to someone who would be considered a moderate or "average" practitioner. He chooses the weakest gazelles in the herd. How hard is that? How to prove the existence of exceptions moves toward refuting the general rule? Not that. Wow, so do people in cults think outside the norm? How enlightening to know that. Great job Maher! Again, it would be quite easy to interview someone like Laurence Vance and include his work in refuting the idea of ​​"patriotic duty" that requires a person to fight any war in which his country is involved. <br /> <br /> On top of all this, he is not so funny here. Some of the clips that are superimposed on "smart" out of context / irreverent ways may attract a laugh but mostly work to illustrate how a real contextual argument from Maher will NOT be accessible, much less convincing. He spends most of his time criticizing Christians, making inaccuracies and interviewing marginal groups that he does not really allow to answer his questions. <br /> <br /> For the record, there are good questions to ask honestly from religious people. and many should ask of themselves. He touches almost none of it. I get the feeling that I could have responded much better to most of your questions than the people he interviewed, but the whole thing smells like stacking decks in terms of what's included and what was edited.
