As with any genre of film, there are good gangster movies and there are bad gangster movies. If you asked me to name a good gangster movie, I would have dozens to choose from. If you asked me to name a bad gangster movie, probably the first one to show up in my mind is one that still leaves me in a sort of disappointment depression a week since I first saw the movie and I promise you, the last time. This movie is "The General," unrelated to the 1926 silent film of the same name. This is a very dry, very slow gangster epic that raises questions not about history (it's more than easy to follow), but about why filmmakers have chosen to make this effort somewhat fragile. <br /> <br /> Like "Goodfellas" (1990) and "American Gangster" (2007)? Two top mob movies? "The general" is based on real people and true events. The film revolves around an Irish criminal named Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleeson), who began his long chain of crimes by stealing food as a teenager and then stealing museums and houses as an adult. Meanwhile, police led by an inspector named Kenny (Jon Voight) desperately and vigorously try to prove only one of his crimes and condemn him (or kill him). <br /> <br /> Maybe because it's a movie of the same category. like the wonderful "Goodfellas" (1990) and the first two films "Godfather", I was expecting a lot from "The General". But this can be going very easy. This would have been a bad movie if I had not seen the above-mentioned masterpieces before being overwhelmed by boredom in this oater and its very-stretched execution time of screaming bad scenes. Let's start hitting the movie just by looking at the style in which it is presented. For some reason, director John Boorman and director of photography Seamus Deasy have chosen to film this film in black and white, while their style and presentation are clearly the elements that belong to a complete color film. Now I have nothing against black-and-white photos, not even made in modern times. "Schindler's List" (1993) was over ninety percent filmed in black-and-white and is a masterpiece. "The General", made only five years after "Schindler's List" is not. The cinematography is also very exploded with lighting keys that look very disturbing and give the film a quality much like a video game that I found simply annoying. The filmmakers have obviously opted for a realist's documentary style, such as "Schindler's List," but fail, making it look like a documentary and at the same time much like a classic-style film. Performances in the film range from passable to poor. Brendan Gleeson and Jon Voight gave a decent enthusiasm for their roles, but sometimes it seemed to me that they were being run over by the horrible script they were quoting. The sound design is also very primitive, probably in an attempt to give it an appeal to the crime of 40 years, but that also fails because, again, it is done much like a contemporary image and it seems very out of place. <br /> <br /> But the worst thing that occurs is that there is not a single character in the movie that I felt any emotions or opinions to. In fact, for every moment of each scene, the only thought that went through my head was "okay and so on?" Moments that in a better movie may seem shocking or shocking are just boring and time consuming here. I did not sympathize or hate the character Brendan Gleeson because the way the Cahill character is written is simply flat and monotonous. Gleeson just plays the common criminal and is not impressed with the impact that the real Martin Cahill obviously did. If a character is killed (as is always the case in gangster movies), we feel nothing. No remorse, no relief, no surprise, nothing. We just say "so what?" And that's all I've done all along the time of running this very fragile and poorly produced crime film.
