John Boorman's 1998 General was hailed as a great return, although it is difficult to understand why in the film's own evidence. One of three films made that year about the famous Northern Ireland criminal Martin Cahill (alongside ordinary decent criminals and vicious circles), has an abundance of incidents and style (the film was filmed in color but released in b & w Scope in some territories) but it makes absolutely no impact and only continues forever. With a main character who threatens witnesses, doctors bombs, causes a hundred people to lose their jobs, tries to buy the sexually abused daughter of one of their gangs to stay out of jail and nail one of theirs to a pool table still remains a popular local legend a personality appealing enough for his wife to not only approve but really suggest a ménage to trios with his sister, he needs a charismatic central performance to sell the character and the film. I did not understand. Instead, he is overwhelmed by what may well be Brendan Gleeson's worst and most disinterested performance: he presents his lines and positions in the right place, but there is nothing to suggest a local hero or the inner workings of a complex character . On the plus side, this helps not to exaggerate the attraction of a character who is nothing more than a selfish thug, but is at odds with a script that seems to be waiting for us to love it and its mischief. a smaller section that stirs interest as the IRA prepares a local hate campaign against the "General" and its men, painting them as "anti-social" traffickers purely because Cahill does not share his a robbery with them but their temporary resolution is so vaguely filmed - something to do with Cahill wearing a balaclava and joining the demonstrators we hope to meet - that is simply thrown away. Things are more successful in the last third as the pressure increases and your army crumbles, but it's too late to really care. Adrian Dunbar, Maria Doyle Kennedy, and beautiful Angeline Ball do a good job in supporting role roles, but Jon Voight's impromptu cop seems to be more present in American sales than in moral balance, overcompensating Gleeson's non-involvement in what seems to be a total failure. Come back Zardoz, everything is forgiven.
