Some funny bits, but come on Bill! Film? Quoting Zeitgeist? Keep the TV show and interviews, but a movie? I'm probably overreacting, but that unnecessary provocative movie ... I do not know. I laughed, I disagreed, I agreed ... this movie is very confusing and inconsistent. <br /> <br /> Bill is a funny guy ... but also very convinced ... Bill's rhetoric is similar to Bill Hicks, a brilliant comedian. . But, like many comedians, the border between comedy and preaching can be annoying. I think the biggest problem in this movie is his lack of sensitivity. This may just be a personal taste, but the comedy that constantly humiliates someone can not be taken for granted. Bill is obviously emotionally reactive to religious fundamentalism. I agree with Bill that religious fanaticism is not wise, but the answer to it can not be sensible. This will create unnecessary turbulence. We can do better than just react to fundamentalism. His conclusion is that "we do not know" and he earnestly tries to convince the viewer that no one knows anything, to such an extent that the agnostic community is concerned about its lack of serious research in comparative religion. His humility that he only knows he does not do is a contradiction as he tries to insist that all religious thinking is not felt. <br /> <br /> I had a big problem seeing pieces of Zeitgeist, Bill's movie. movie. Any nonsense influenced by astrotheology that simplifies all religions as the same is simply disappointing. The Zeitgeist provoked much controversy and disrupted the validity of much of the valuable scholarship of religion. It is very sad how wrong facts were played without reliable academic sources. Astro-mystical sources that reduce everything to "the stars say it all" seem to be from the Middle Ages. This film is a confusing statement from a confused "agnostic." Agnosticism is much more complex and philosophically academic than defending each question as "we do not know." <br /> <br /> This film is an obvious proof of how postmodernism has been able to simplify and generalize important issues in humans. story. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie (have interviews and hilarious snippets), but PLEASE do not behave like Bill. You can not expect someone to have a mature conversation if you're making sarcastic comments on every other line. His argumentative techniques are humiliating and insulting, provoking emotional reactions rather than rational and logical argumentation. There needs to be a more mature way of dealing with these issues.
