Former commentator Steve Richmond stated that A Walk On The Moon is in his words "not worth your $ 7". I ended up paying a little more to import what is one of the worst quality DVDs I have ever seen, that movie or any movie that exists. Even when you ignore the fact that the DVD is clearly coming from an interlaced master and simply unpleasant to see on the move, the movie has no redeeming qualities (except Anna's presence) to enforce a high Blu-Ray transfer quality. Not that this is the fault of other actors. Liev Schreiber, Diane Lane, Tovah Feldshuh and Viggo Mortensen all score high on Anna Paquin's interactive skill chart. Much more than Holly Hunter or Sam Neill did in spite of an equally bad script. Director Tony Goldwyn's resume is nothing to comment on, but Pamela Gray's resume includes the more dramatic excursions of Wes Craven out of the horror or slasher genre, so one can be forgiven for thinking this is a case of bad direction. <br /> <br /> As I pointed out, the only reason I watched this movie is Anna Paquin. In her debut as an actress, she literally served as an industry veteran with at least twelve years of experience above her under the table. While she is not so far ahead of her castmates here, her performance as a girl who begins to play as a brat and grows into a woman whose world is crumbling around her proves her Oscar was not by chance. For some time now I've been telling friends that she would be the best choice to portray the heroine of my second full novel, and a seventy-three minute dialogue for this movie is yet another demonstration of why. This woman could literally act against the painting of the walls. Anna aside, only Liev Schreiber comes close to getting any sympathy from an audience. Of course, your character spends the vast majority of the film neglecting a wife with an existential crisis, but he does the angry reaction of a man who feels brilliantly cheated. I should know, even if it's not the same circumstances here. <br /> <br /> Viggo Mortensen also deserves credit for his portrait of a street vendor, though perhaps not to the same extent. In a way, he is the villain of the play, but he gives the character a third dimension. Yes, their actions, even after the whole thing explodes, are disguised, but few men would act differently in their situation. No one wants to be the other man in this kind of confusing situation, so Viggo deserves a lot of credit for trying here. Unfortunately, they are all participants in a story about a woman who feels trapped in a stagnant marriage, where Tovah Feldshuh tells us that the archetype of Mills and Boon of women being the only ones who feel that life is passing simply does not exist. Writer Pamela Gray or director Tony Goldwyn thought they could put that line in the movie without thinking about how the public could receive it. Anna even speaks the opinion of the audience when she asks Diane who she should be giving a lecture to someone about responsibility. <br /> <br /> That said, the movie has a few things besides Anna going forward. Mason Daring's original music, though not in any way outstanding, gives the film a sense of being inserted into the represented time that helps where the other elements do not. Roger Ebert is right when he says that although Leo is a great actor, putting him alongside Viggo in the story of a woman forced to choose between marriage and fantasy is a big mistake. He is also very correct in that the film remains in the scenes of Lane and Mortensen swimming or riding under a waterfall, it loses the focus of being a story of transgression and becomes soft pornography. The film seems confused about the position of its story. No matter how many times I watch the scenes of Leo, I can not help but feel that he has been deceived in the direction or the editing. You do not have to make your links particularly beautiful or beautiful, but taking steps to make them the most interesting or developed characters in the play would have gone a long way. <br /> <br /> Ebert also hits his hand to the head when he says that every time he saw Anna on the screen, he thought his character was where the real story was. Stories about the wife feel neglected and running into the arms of a man who looks interesting or even dangerous are a dozen to the point that even set the story in parallel with such a devastating event as landing on the moon does not help. Although disgusted by the way her character's story is presented, Anna could walk around with a neon sign over her head asking the audience if they would rather see the whole thing through her eyes. Although I know it's hard to control exactly which character your audience will find most interesting from your cast, it's like they do not bother trying with Lane and Schreiber. Fans of these two would be well advised to look elsewhere. I hope now my ramblings about their respective performances give an idea of ​​where everything went wrong. I gave the Walk on the Moon three out of ten. Anna Paquin earns a bonus point with one of her best performances (and that's saying something).
