I've been working my way through a collection of Lugosi movies recently, and having just been surprised a few days ago by the combination of Lugosi and Boris Karloff in "The Black Cat," I was really looking forward to seeing their collaboration on "The Raven . " Unfortunately, that just did not work for me, and by the end of the movie I was pretty disappointed. <br /> <br /> In the first three quarters of this film, I thought the story had no real suspense. Lugosi was doing a good job at keeping things together, such as the somewhat crazy Dr. Vollins, some sort of surgical genius who falls in love with a young woman (Irene Ware) whom he treats after a car accident but who can not have her - partly because she is already engaged, and partly because her father (Samuel S. Hinds) disapproves. To deal with this situation, he asks for the help of Edmond Bateman (Boris Karloff) - a terribly ugly man who wants Vollins to make him seem more acceptable. Besides Lugosi's performance, however, I found little to keep my interest. Then suddenly, in the last fifteen or twenty minutes, the movie changes completely. Suddenly, it's quite full of suspense, but I think Lugosi's performance has been broken, largely because the film has tried to turn him from insane to insane - and there's a difference. He plays the "crazy" role very well controlled and in control, but evil. "Insane" is a more uncontrolled evil, and I do not think Lugosi got it right. At one point, it offers some maniacal laughter that only appears as fake. In the meantime, Karloff was a big disappointment. He never grabbed me. As an aside, it must have graced in Lugosi that - in the films in which they co-star - Karloff gets the top billing, even though in "The Raven" it is clearly Lugosi who is the lead actor. This certainly gives a clue how Universal rated its two great stars of terror - inexplicably, I would add, because I always thought of Lugosi as the best actor of the two. In any case, there is no real connection here with the story of Edgar Allen Poe "The Raven" - except that Vollins is a fanatic of Poe, who attempts to recreate some of the torture techniques of Poe's stories . Overall a disappointment. 4/10
