Written by one woman and directed by another. Whoppie Are we on a feminist outing or what? Fasten your seat belts, ladies, for we are about to enter a world of evil men and innocent, well-meaning women. <br /> <br /> In that soap, Trish comes across a guy at the jobs agency who behaves, looks, and dresses like a pimp (!) and gives her a job hoping to nail it some time after. In his office, he even touches his chin, as a heavy megalomaniac in a Bond movie would touch a girl shortly after capturing her and shortly before he was ready to kill her with Bond. Sometime later, the pimp guy / job chases Trish in a woman's dressing room, torments her and comes close to raping her. Oh, these bad and bad men. They're all bad, do not you know? You can not even look for a job today without being raped, right ladies? Well, let's show them! In this movie there is some sort of divorced women's club or something, led by Janet Leigh, who speaks for all the women involved in this movie when she says "men are all s ** t". She groans at how terrible men are; she divorced five times. Now seriously: any woman who marries twenty times and then uses this statistic as an argument that men are all "evil" must have eventually realized that the explanation could be elsewhere, or? It must occur to her that: a) she is a bad male judge, or - much more likely - b) she is the only one who can not get along - her ex-husbands were probably the victims, or if they were actually ** holes so she probably got what she deserved. (I do not like Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor prove this point? Show me a nice woman who has married this many times and I'll show you a way to reach the planet Mars using only skates and a ladder. a computer guy who restores his faith in men-but holds his horses, this guy ends up marrying, proving, then, no doubt that men are all "bad." If it were not, of course, for an old vegetables that the woman loves even though she is still dead - proving that all men are "bad" except for old gentlemen whose penis does not work and they "may" get no "anyway, so they are forced to abandon even the supporting male characters are all "bad", the black guy at the employment agency is hostile, and the face of the morgue is rude - and insensitive ( the bastard, * sob * ... * sniff * ??) And what 's that cheesy and tacky ending? Minutes before court time Trish abandons the claim of any money from her husband, realizing that she is now "free" and that she can finally make that leap into the pool ... ?? What is that? Her jump into the pool is then - very predictable - frozen when the credits begin to work, while inspiring music I do not need revenge nor my husband's money starts to kick. are shocked by the fact that she has abandoned her requests for money but are not shocked for a long time and then start joking with each other about what a Trish heart attack lawyer will get when she finds out about it. The shyster's lawyer is of course a man. An evil, evil, terrible "bad" man, whose only interest in this world is money ... Ah, these men; all they care about is money; they know nothing of the highest values ​​in life - like shopping. I'm glad we have movies like this; they approach the sexes, but more importantly they teach young girls and women that men are all eccentric, selfish and traitorous bastards who will dump you into a world of poverty and misery at the first chance they have. So girls, open their mouths and stick their tongues in the mouth of your girlfriend. Lesbian power!
