Watching the final snooker world championship finish prematurely and disappointingly with Ronnie O'Sullivan defeating Greame Dott by 18 frames for 8 BBC 2 found a gap in his schedule and then decided to broadcast a movie that I had absolutely no knowledge of outside. <br /> <br /> I lost a few seconds of the title credits, so I had no idea that Viggo Mortensen starred in it and thought it might be a cheap TVM, certainly the opening with the naughty Pearl and Marty picking up their credits. the kids at a summer camp did this kind of thing for the TV, although the well-lit cinematography seemed to suggest that this was a motion picture and it was not until the appearance of Viggo Mortensen as the hippie Walker that I realized it. It was a movie release, after all someone of Mortensen's stature would not star in a TVM, I mean it's like a legend like Robert DeNiro appearing in a straight-to-video movie. Wait a minute, Bob did not ... Some people on this site mentioned that Pearl and Marty are a couple of unconvincing onscreen and I agree. I can understand why Pearl would be attracted to an exciting hippie, but she has no idea why Walker would be attracted to Pearl. The sixties were before my time, but surely if you have the choice between hippies and bored home wives is not really a choice at all. Remember that many people took LSD in those days, so I guess that explains it. <br /> <br /> I feel that the biggest problem of A WALK ON THE MOON comes down to the fact that it's a romantic drama in the heart (Just as you'd expect in a TVM) with several nauseating scenes of ripeness, to include a rather explicit sex scene? He jars with the rest of the film and is possibly putting it to menopausal women who were 20 something in 1969. I say possibly because the film also seems to target a TV market with the arrival of old scenes and the teenagers will probably be bored with the historical and social context of the man walking on the moon and Woodstock. In other words, A WALK IN THE MOON attempts to attract many types of audience, but will probably attract none of them.
