I recently had the opportunity to see a print job in Kansas City (Olathe, KS.) Of this title. It is difficult for me, being an art lover like myself, to report the following, but the truth sometimes hurts and frankly, after going through this complaint (I am using the definition of slang here - useless statements or writing) for an hour and a half, I feel compelled to share (WARN) all interested parties. Let's start at the beginning, a good place to start, as always. The first 15 minutes are not really that bad, a couple of laughs and decent development, but then there is the decadence of there. This is the story of a woman in her mid-thirties who (as the writer would have you believe) is dissatisfied with her life and unsatisfied. The first major difficulty occurs when you do not know the fact of entering the movie, you will not know when she suddenly risks everything, in my opinion, a very sloppy and improbable case with a local salesperson. There is little development (drastically insufficient development) to justify her actions to the case she has, and when it occurs, she feels, like me, that she is only of low moral character. The word "slut" comes to mind, hopefully, they will pass the review and post the comment. That, in my opinion, is the film's first fatal flaw. If you are married or have already fallen in love, it does not matter if you are male or female, this will end you. Frankly, I feel I would have made a much better "blue movie" - that's the level in my opinion that deserves the script. The second fatal flaw is the cast, Diane Lane just did not work for me here, and Viggo Mortensen is not the right man for the job, believe me. The only saving grace for the entire film is Anna Paquin, the depth of her skill as an excellent actress shines in some places, conveying a subtle yet very forceful image (I apologize for the dichotomy, but she needs) of an emerging adolescent. Bravo, well done. I'm not going to give up the ending, but I was disappointed, being advertised as a slice of romance life is one thing ... but an ending like this ... Well, if that provoked you enough to see this picture, do not say that I I did not warn you, but you'd better look fast - if this celluloid is released, I doubt it's four weeks before it explodes in flames. I'd say wait for the video, but the free sex education tapes at most video rental stores have more entertainment value. Hmmm, Dustin Hoffman produced that, you think he'd learn after Ishtar. This film already had the title work "Blouse Man" and should have been left in the rack. If you have never in your life wanted to go out in a movie, give this a 35-40 minutes, the only thing worth getting is Anna Paquin if you can tolerate the fact that you will find your mind wandering to whether or not you took out the trash before you leave the house, which is probably where you should have stayed first if you are out of the cinema to see this. That's my two cents, so it's worth it.
