... because 99 out of 100 times, the producers lied through their teeth (or someone else's) to get you to rent or buy * * mercifully censored. Cinema Shock-O-Rama proves true of this yet again with the release of "Feeding the Masses," a possibly well-intentioned, but totally inept and somber entry into the zombie genre. Guys, this is not just low budget movie, this is very low budget making a lot of people who - I'm sorry, I know they have families that love them - never, never will be in the variety in any meaningful way. This is a baaaaaaaaaad moain pitcher, not just because it is cheap. <br /> <br /> The acting is mediocre, but I do not blame the actors; they had no direction. They had no direction because the script was a half-baked zombie fantasy, with no sense of real cinematic narrative. The characterization is fine at best, not thanks to weak dialogue and soporific direction. Did I mention that the script and the direction are very bad? They are. There is no drama, no tension, no big character moments, nothing. The whole premise of government suppression of the media is wasted on "commercial breaks" and on a non-dramatic plot that defies analysis rationally and awkwardly turns into its ridiculous finish. Syd Fields would not be satisfied. <br /> <br /> How could the government suppress the truth of a virulent epidemic of zombies, when reality would be apparent everywhere? Why would they give more than a perfunctory attempt? In this day and age of cell phone cameras with wireless access, what could they expect to accomplish for more than a day or so at best? Now, if they were covering something like their own guilt ... but "Feeding the Masses" never explores such possibilities. Instead, he emphasizes the absurd and poorly planned events for laughs and / or meanings, praying that his audience will not realize the near total lack of production value beyond basic filmmaking equipment. Has anyone in this movie been paid? I hope the actors do, even if it's their time wasted on dead ends like this; at least the technicians were able to accumulate a legitimate work experience. <br /> <br /> Even zombie fans will find little to gain from "Feeding the Masses". Blood is extraordinarily tame for those who have no budget, and there are no distinct pieces or memorable effects. They are all eminently forgettable, actually. The KNB has nothing to fear. Even garbage like the native Australian "Undead" was miles away from "Feeding the Masses". Sorry guys, go back to the drawing board and take your deceptive marketing with you.
