First, a brief summary. This reporter named Torch is basically trying to get out of the story of a zombie outbreak and meets the military government and censors him. Good message, government censorship and everything, but the way they did the movie was, well, let me explain. <br /> <br /> This movie is beyond description. The idea that someone considers it higher than anything by George Romero is enough justification for the reviewer to be committed to a mental institution. The script is atrocious by itself, as it was written by a sixth grader. As for special effects, I understand that independent films have low budgets and some bloody effects seem acceptable, but if you want a scene with fire, here's a tip: buy some non-flammable material, have a ready extinguisher and light the flame! Do not add it digitally and make it look like an explosion from a Nintendo 64 game. The acting, well, let's put it that way. In my summer drama program, a cold reading of the script is, compared to that, The Godfather. I will not even go into inconsistencies. Find them yourself. <br /> <br /> What bothered me most was that when it all ended after filming and editing, someone might have said, "Okay, that sounds good. Let's let it go." It sends a shiver down my spine to even think about it, to think that someone felt that this was good enough for the release of the DVD. This is not DVD quality. This is not the quality of the Sci-Fi channel. Hell, this is not even a movie school. If you were to submit this for a project at a film school, you would get an F. No, not even an F, more like an F-. I would not be surprised if he tried to kick you out. <br /> <br /> I felt accustomed after I saw this thing. Blockbuster and the producers of this movie have my money now, and I'd rather not think about what they're doing with it. I've been the pawn of some nefarious scheme drawn up in legalized theft, and I do not feel good to think I went right into it, looking at the back cover with pleasant memories of 28 Days Later just to find a movie Ed Wood would watch and I would say later, "I do not care much about it." This movie is the most terrible movie I have ever seen. I have not seen anything from Ed Wood, but I have confidence that this is worse. If you are looking for a serious cinema, as much as being less than three meters will probably cause you a big headache. If not, I still recommend that you personally write to the director and ask how he sleeps at night. However, if you are the kind of person who can laugh at really bad things, then I recommend you check this out. You will not be disappointed.
