As you may have joined the title, I honestly believe this movie is the worst zombie movie ever. The acting, camera work, writing, special effects and anything else remotely related to that movie was a drug. People have argued that although this film is terribly produced and terribly produced, it comes with a clever witty script. Wow. The plot has more holes than I or anyone else could tell. To begin with, why would the government send everyone back to work when it is not safe? I know the government should be bad, but they do not earn anything by killing the entire population of the country. There would be no one to rule! Another thing I was thinking, even if the government told everyone to go to work, why would people go if the streets were full of zombies? Would the zombies hide in the bushes and ambush innocent people to help the government in its plot to kill everyone on the planet? What about the end? That idiot from Torch sacrifices his life to get some pictures of the zombies. He probably forgot that all cameras made in the last 35 years have a zoom feature. And another thing, why does he say Hindenburg before he dies? The Hindenburg was a rare event seen by very few people. The zombie threat will be seen by everyone in the country, possibly in the world. Does not he think somebody else will have some snapshots? They also managed to ruin the only semi-interesting scene in the movie when the soldier is watching the exotic dancer. Why did the zombie hide behind a curtain for five minutes before attacking the girl? Especially when the zombie could have come through the DOOR. It's probably just something that a non-intelligent zombie movie fan, like me, would not understand. Every day I pray that God will increase my brainpower long enough for me to discover all the subtle nuances of Feeding the Masses. <br /> <br /> Anywho, I find it interesting that this is the first film that gave me the desire to physically hurt the people involved in the production. Hey Trent Haaga, I'm calling you!
