I could not believe that this terrible movie was actually made. With the worst actors you could find, the worst written script (Mark Frost & Sollace Mitchell) and by far the worst waste of time in the preview. I will not elaborate the story because it really is not worth it. But I will elaborate some of the performances and definitely the story. As for the story, it's very hard to believe that this little crazy planner could actually do what he did. That, in fact, the wife could not defend herself against a little thing. That her husband could really find the attractive nut case. That the defense lawyer could break all court rules and continue doing so after the judge ordered the blanket blank to shut up. And the end result of the film is an insult to justice, to film codes and to male species. The theme of this mess is to let women do whatever they want, kill whoever they want, defend the killer and run away with him while the guy rots the innocent victim in jail. Hard to believe that Sollace Mitchell, the director and a man, would even want to do this dribble. <br /> <br /> As for the acting: Jordan Ladd, the killer, is horrible. A crazy toon, who does embroidery during her murder trial (is that allowed in court?) She would bore me to the end. One more look of hers slapping her eyes and indicating how innocent she was and I would vomit. She's not even attractive enough for any guy to leave his wife. The husband, played on one level by Vincent Spano, seems to seem stupid most of the time. He was so predictable in his performance falling in traps for him by all the women surrounding him. The worst by far was Holland Taylor as the Defense Attourney. She acted throughout the film and mocked justice. If she had examined me at any moment, I would have told her to go for a walk. Everyone else in this despicable movie did their job as indicated. <br /> <br /> I wish I could give this movie a zero rating. However, we are forced to start with 1. Too bad. Let's not have pain to watch movies like that anymore. Life can do better than that, I know. <br /> <br /> This is a postscript: I made the mistake of turning this insipid movie by mistake. As soon as I saw the silly Jordan Ladd, I knew I had seen it and did not like it. I did not just turn it off, but I had to add my anger to people like Sollace Mitchell, who wrote the screenplay, but also directed this horrible movie. No one sees that his message is that the disease pays. Being sick and hanging around killing people is good for this director / writer. Totally doing the idiots of the male species. Well, this man tells you to go somewhere painful. We are not so stupid and we talk with his so-called movie, which in the mind of this person deserves to be destroyed. <br /> <br /> And again this loser is shown. Because???? Can not you read the comments about this stupid and despicable movie? Are we constantly subject to seeing the Jordan Ladd bimbo again and again? Get it off the TV, movies and out of sight. It is simply terrible in every sense of the word. Ufa !!!!
