So Angela grew up and did therapy and an operation to turn her into a real life daughter, instead of the son she was born, and now she has a job like - wait a minute - a camp counselor! How appropriate, right? I know, I love it. Anyway, the first installment of the Sleepaway Camp franchise follows all the rules of horror sequels - more blood, more imaginative murders (which are not imaginative, but still more than the original), more nudity, a more elaborate plot, and generally worse than the original. <br /> <br /> It's fun the same as the original, in which the characters and wardrobes are so funny and so authentically from the 80's that you can not help laughing. At one point, a guy asks Angela, and she says "I'll call you," and then walks away. The guy says to himself, "How's she going to call me? I do not have a phone!" and then he sniffs her armpits, wondering what turned her on (it's the hair, man!). <br /> <br /> It is a well-known fact that in the horror movies of the 1980s, the murdered teenagers were more than not being punished by the killer for some kind of bad behavior, usually for being very promiscuous. When I started going into horror movies and watched the movies on Friday the 13th for the first time in the mid 90's, I did not realize that. I learned in a movie class a year or two later and was amazed that their method was somehow crazy. I was quite impressed, not only because the movies conveyed some kind of message, albeit morbid, but actually there was some thought put into it. <br /> <br /> But not in this movie! At one point just before Angela kills one of her victims, she says, "Let that be a lesson to you. Say no to drugs!" Really subtle screen writing there, folks. So again, the dialogue is the most fun thing in the movie. Angela (who, by the way, went through all that therapy and these operations and all the trouble to cleanse her past and reinvent herself as a normal, well-developed person and then changed her name from Angela to, um, Angela) , says, "I do not like being the bad witch from the west, but I know what happens when things get out of control." (People begin to be killed ... for me! HA!) Then, later, she demands that one of the counselors, Mare, make an apology, to which the girl replies: "I prefer to die!" Sorry, Mare, but you really did get into this ... Two years ago, I was a camp counselor at a sleeping camp similar to the one pictured in this movie (except the camp I taught had no more of three children for the 15 or 20 advisers and also had rules, which the movie does not have). This made me realize the myriad of discrepancies in the film from what really is life in the camp. All right, you can hardly make a movie like this with a lot of 9-year-olds running around, although there were some 10- or 11-year-old kids killed in this movie. I had not seen this kind of thing much before. <br /> <br /> Definitely bad taste, even for an 80 year old slasher movie ...
