I came across this movie on a rainy Sunday, with the intention of tune into something else. Out of curiosity, I accessed the comments here and found myself watching until the end. I really did not do it with intent - this was one of those movies where you are "fascinated" and watch for "a few more minutes" until you finally watch the end. And the accusation in most of these comments made visualization more fascinating. The only comment the person really liked seems to be just the result of liking Ladd and Spano, and their previous roles. But it's no big deal anywhere to be found anywhere here - history, performances and particularly the absurdity of court play. We all know that Perry Mason (before Raymond Burr passed the 300 lb mark), and Ben Matlock, are given some room in cavorting around the courthouse, instead of being chaosfully confined to a pulpit. And Matlock is especially granted the privilege of going into expositions many times simply by going to the jury and showing them, even before the judge and prosecutor are informed or shown to them. No real-life judge or prosecutor would argue that. Both Perry and Ben almost always finished the process by twisting the true killer's confession. In fact, Perry almost always did this, but often Matlock simply presented compelling evidence of the real culprit, pronounced "reasonable doubt," and then allowed the police and prosecutors to proceed against the guilty party - sometimes on camera, sometimes presumptuous. at the end of the show. But that being said, Holland Taylor's histrionics and the amount of freedom they provided him in the court section of this story made Matlock's actions more closely resembled the story. Slow, often annoying detail as seen on TV Court and in real life courts. <br /> <br /> Each character in this presentation was tasteless, obnoxious, unpleasant, boring, unlikely - or some combination of two or more of these. <br /> <br /> The ending was the most banal, absurd and silly conclusion possible - but again, fascinating because of it. Ladd and Spano are attractive individuals and TV shows seem to be their best strengths - probably the best in 2nd place roles (probably better if they are "3rd") even here. Taylor could be cast as the aunt or mother of one of them. Give this a 1 star for the history / performances and 3 additional for the fascination factor.
