This is an immoral and reprehensible garbage, which undoubtedly wants to be a clone of Friday the 13th (1980). The poster for this movie makes it seem like there's going to be some kind of intersection between Jason and Freddy, which is likely to attract moviegoers. There is nothing good or fun about this movie about this movie. This only makes me sad, just thinking that some people will come across Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy Campers (1988) on video or DVD, and waste their time with this sad, cynical and depressing movie. Angela Baker (Pamela Springsteen) is a camp counselor at Camp Rolling Hills, who hopes that the other campers are as cool as she is, and that they stay out of trouble. Meanwhile, the other campers are realizing that people are disappearing one by one, with Angela making up the excuse that she had to send them home. Could Angela be the killer, who was once a man, who underwent a sex-change operation years earlier? Who knows? Who cares? <br /> <br /> The 1980s were home to many films that made the cross between the genres Mad Slasher and Dead Teenager, in which a mad killer gets furious. Some have a plot, some do not, but they are all as bad as this. Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy Campers are 80 minutes of teens being introduced and then being stabbed, strangled, impaled, stung, burned alive and mutilated. That's all this movie is. It's just stupid and bloody violence. Watching this movie, I was reminded of the Friday movies, 13, in which the message to viewers was that the main function of teenagers was to be hacked to death. . The filmmakers at Sleepaway Camp II have every right to be ashamed of themselves. Imagine the unhealthy message that this movie offers to its teenage viewers, "The world is a totally evil place," this movie says, "and it will kill you." It does not matter what your dreams or your hopes are. new boyfriend or a new girlfriend No matter what you think, what you do or what your plans are for the future You can forget these plans, because you are going to end up dead. " <br /> <br /> And the sickest thing is - and for not revealing too much - the film simply opens space for a continuation. Well, why not? They've probably taken the bucket to the pit, making three or four of those movies. I missed the original Sleepaway Camp (1983), and, after watching its first sequel, I hope to stay away from the other sequences as well as the original. And for parents, if you know kids who really like this movie, do not let them go out with their kids.
