Her Christmas Eve and lazy and submissive housewife Della (Kim Basinger) gets some violent threats from her troublesome and abusive husband. Leaving her twin children in bed she ventures into the night for a last shopping marathon at the local mall. Her occupation there and finding a parking space is almost impossible, Della is offended by a driver who parks in two spaces, she leaves a note saying the same. Returning to her car after visiting the stores she is confronted by some yobs, Yup the owners of the car she left a note on, they are very angry and want some fun with her, a gentle security guard steps into the help, but things get out of hand and the guard is shot, Della flees with the now murderers in pursuit, they shoot her, she loses control of her car and falls, quickly picking up her toolbox from the trunk, she gets hides in an abandoned building but is soon caught shortly before attempting to rape her and kill her, from her magical toolbox she produces a key, wounding her leader "Chuckie", she manages to escape again into the next forest, in the fight, just happens to be the black guy Here the night worsens for all involved as a deadly game of cat and mouse follows. A plot similar to Eden Lake drew me to this, but that's where the comparisons end. This is a stupid and stupid movie, shockingly scripted and horribly represented by all involved, Disney's weird twin boys are horrible to watch, but its Lukas Haas as Chuckie, who should get applause in the bad acting department, although he is given a run for her money by her equally horrible husband. Like a movie, her storyline is completely telegraphed to the very end, even as Della's cell phone goes live and then in stores her credit card was canceled by her husband and she has no money and it's Christmas Eve now where could they be going with that I wonder ??? The only surprising part of this $ hit is when, after killing all the malicious guys cliches with the contents of their magic toolbox, she demands Chuckie to f-ck her if my jaw had not already been on the floor in this movie horrible, would surely have fallen and crashed to the ground. even the end is messed up, all the feminist grandmothers who want their pound of flesh are left completely disappointed. I do not think I could be even more disappointed, but then I saw that Guillermo del Toro produced this cisco.
