I think we all get a lot of reviews with "This could have made a great movie". An ex-convict demented newborn, a neat suburban family, his target. Revenge, retribution, manipulation. Marty's habit to lie down with the Karo syrup. But unfortunately, somewhere in Universal's skyscraper, a memo was written: Everyone gets bored. <br /> <br /> Nolte only talks with raised eyebrows, Lange wanders through cigarettes, Lewis "Ohmagod's!" despite his scenes, and Bobby D ... well, he's on another magic carpet. Affecting some sort of Cajun / Huckleberry Hound accent hybrid, he chews cigars and fatty cackles in random atrocities like "Problem Child." And I want you to picture the accent mentioned above. Now, imagine reciting the high-volume religious rhetoric as if he had swallowed six Bibles, and you have De Niro's mania here. Most troubling of all, however, is his more exaggerated use of De Niro's "face" than he is so satirized. Eyes tight, brow wrinkled, lips curved. Crimany, Bob, you looked like Plastic Man. <br /> <br /> The story apparently started off the screen 14 years earlier, when Nolte was unable to save De Niro's time in the bighouse for several rounds. After the release, he feels that his mistake of Nolte at the time justifies the terrifying of him and his relatives. And we should take a small step to the character of De Niro, because Nolte retained information that could have diminished his sentence. De Niro is one of those criminals who, despite being guilty of indescribable acts, feels that his lack of freedom justifies the continuation of such acts abroad. Mmm-kay. <br /> He goes after Notle's lover (in a scene that some may want to get away from), his wife, his daughter, the family dog, you know. What is one of the shortcomings of Wesley Strick's script: total predictability. As each of De Niro's sieges becomes more repulsive, you can call the rest of the action before it happens. Strick is not to be totally discredited, as he manages some thought-provoking moments of dialogue (De Niro and Lewis's interchange in an empty theater is the best scene of the film), but most of the time it's all over. Scorsese's Scottish photographic approach is forced, not to mention Bernard Hermann's outdated score (I kept waiting for the Werewolf to appear with a genetically enlarged tarantula). <br /> <br /> That's how we got there. in the comic part of the movie. No comedic intent, that is. You know those scenes where something graphically horrible is happening, but can not you see people differently? You're going to do it here. Nolte and Lange cackling over infidelity, De Niro's flirting of thumb, the transvestite and a slide in the kitchen of a certain substance that must be seen to believe. And the infernal, incessant, incessant, disturbing, mental and endless of Bob, of all the "philosophy" he discovered in prison. I wanted him to be dead to shut him up more than to save this boring family. <br /> <br /> I always hate borrowing thoughts from other critics, but here it is necessary. This really is Scorsese's version of Freddy Krueger. The way De Niro likes, talks, lurks, resists pain, even his verses, is vintage Freddy. When being scalded by a pan of water played: "Are you trying to offer hot water?" Please. And that's just an example. <br /> <br /> Unless you were a fan of the original 1962 film and wish to see Balsam, Peck and Mitchum almost 30 years later (or want a serious film to shake your head) experience, avoid a trip to the Cable.
