First of all, really Kim Basinger? Your wealthy husband banker leaves you alone in your pretty, probably home-paid money, and you can not even put on a decent shirt? I'm a woman, and yes, I'll say that - clean something, starting with your hair. And while you're at it, it's Christmas Eve. Buy your kids some gifts ... or at least a Christmas tree. Do not drive 40 minutes to the crowded mall, park your car 3 miles away and cry over it all foot inside, and simply buy wrapping paper. Also, the next time you decide to leave someone with an unpleasant note, do not sign their name. I refuse to feel sorry for Della. Obviously due to the fact that Kim Basinger is the executive producer of this masterpiece, she wants you to feel bad for the poor white blonde woman. We understand. Alec Baldwin is an idiot, but seriously, do not make horrible movies after your own life. Plus, you're in your 50s. You definitely would not have 8-year-old twins. And these names? Terry and Tammy Way to let their kids grow up with any decent chance to respect themselves. It's also great to hear the characters in the movie call her constantly beautiful or refer to her as a "girl" ... obviously Basinger had some things to say about what happens in the script. It's also pretty cool as none of the criminals can fight back. Apparently, Della's magical ninja skills are impossible to beat. Your driving skills are great too. This movie is so cliché that it hurts. Wahhhhh! They spelled his name wrong on the cup of tea. Or her husband puts a hole in the wall, but all you can think of is to buy nail polish when you're in the mall instead of a little plaster and paint. Or the woman you went to high school bought the teddy bear you were looking at. Boohooo! The fact that she refuses to take off that shiny coat as she runs through the forest screaming and breaking everything on her way proves my point - this woman is an idiot. Who thinks of picking up the car's toolbox, but not the bag, full of identification artifacts like your ADDRESS. I never wanted the bad guys to succeed as much as when I watched this movie. And did someone else get the "African-American" shirt that the black guy wore? Oh, yes, it rewinds and maybe sings about the most racially stereotyped proposition of a movie yet. Do not waste and hour and twenty minutes of your life. Instead, go do what Della could not figure out ... take care of her kids and maybe do her hair. This powerful ballad in the end was pretty impressive. Singing "I'll be home for Christmas" in the rain as your bloody arm clings so tightly to your wrapping paper it's as emotional as it gets. Thank you Della!
