"Look, I know this can be bad right now, but the pain is temporary, the movie is forever. What you do now will be burned on celluloid for all time and for thousands of years." ??? Robert De Niro This was initially a film by Steven Spielberg, the director who hired several writers to adjust the script to fit his themes. And then we have a dysfunctional family that is threatened by a crazed monster in the form of a newly released Robert De Niro prison. Like "Jurassic Park," "Poltergeist," and "War of the Worlds," the dysfunctional family unites to defeat the beast, the beast being the father's creation, a lawyer who did not defend De Niro during his trial. In Spielberg's typical form, the father kills the monster who undermines the family and is immediately acquitted of his sins. Like Oscar Schindler, Robin Williams, Sam Niel, Tom Cruise and virtually every "daddy" figure in the land of Spielberg, the father regains his fatherly duty in the kind of bittersweet coda Spielberg so fondly loves. <br /> <br /> But Spielberg eventually abandoned the image and the project was handed to Martin Scorsese, who at the time sought to try his hand at a more commercial rate. The result is undoubtedly the worst film in Scorsese's filmography and, ironically, the most enlightening. <br /> <br /> The artist's failures or failures are often revealing, exposing the inner workings of his art. When the story does not work, the characters do not connect or the images do not burn, we find a kind of inner core. This one ?? the rest of the carcass - is the director's film theme. Now, "Cape Fear" is an impersonal film, so we will not find any thematic connection with the rest of Scorsese's filmography ("You already sacrificed yourself!" De Niro shouts, but the themes of movies from the Catholic Redemption are cookie cutters.What the film does, however, is to expose the kind of language on which your filmography depends.Look as Scorsese's camera strikes desperately back and forth as he zooms in frantically on the doorknobs and windows in an attempt to force the tension and how their characters are all loud and screaming for attention.But most importantly, note how the film does not make sense in space.A showdown on a boat at the end of the movie happens in a A street parade is claustrophobic and takes place within a no larger context and the family home seems to exist nowhere in particular. There is simply no geographical sense for anything in the picture, Scorsese unable to and filming space or creating any kind of space environment. <br /> <br /> The reason for this is that Scorsese's camera always has to be attached, or closely tied, to its central character. For the world around the character to make sense, your camera needs to be focused on the character. Resnais can take you around a French hotel, Welles and Hitchcock can dance in a street and climb into a building, Cameron can give you a visit to the Titanic, Scott can recreate a whole future landscape, Lucas can give you a desert planet alien and most other directors can create a sense of space through combinations of "close-shot-shot-wide-shot" textbook, but Scorsese can not do that. There is no poetry or sense of tangible space in your films. He's all about the character. You break that rope, you leave that boxing ring, that cab, you look away from De Niro, and everything collapses. He simply can not break away from this documentary style of filming, which, in a sense, is a prerequisite for the production of action films. Scorsese tried to correct this problem with "Gangs of New York," where space and ensembles become the central character, but even this self-consciously spatial experiment is sabotaged by the magnetism of Daniel Day Lewis, the actor drawing Scorsese's camera inexorably toward him like a moth to a lamp. <br /> <br /> 5/10 ?? Even as a generic B movie, this is an ugly and vulgar movie. See the matte paintings, the inept attempts of tension, the foolish and rotoscoped special effects, and the confrontation of furious struggle. Still, we have Robert De Niro to catch the slack. De Niro, who delivers his body to Scorsese as a tattooed Christ, gives the film its only great scene. In an impromptu romantic sequence with young Juliette Lewis, he sticks his thumb in her mouth and kisses her. A kind of symbolic rape, the girl runs away, both aroused and repelled by this man's interest. <br /> <br /> But de Niro's performance, so deliciously exaggerated, simply can not be imitated by Scorsese. You would need the operatic tone and baroque look of someone like De Palma to do that job. But Scorsese? No. <br /> <br /> It's worth a look.
