I really do not want to compare Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear to the classic Cape Fear movie of 1962, but I can not help it. Not only am I a big fan of Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck starred in Cape Fear, but when Scorsese includes scenes from the previous film (Cady taking the ignition keys, dying dog) and even using Bernard Herrmann's score throughout the film. The whole movie, he's not giving me too many opportunities not to make a comparison, I can not help thinking of the classic Cape Fear in almost every scene. When comparing Scorsese's version of Cape Fear to the classic version, the remake comes out destroyed by the classic; but even when the movie is alone, it's still bad. <br /> <br /> Now Scorsese and screenwriter Wesley Strick not only redo the Cape Fear scene in 1962, they tried to do things differently. Unfortunately this is one of the problems of the film. Gone are the original crazy Max Cady and animal that is out for personal revenge, Max Cady in the 1991 version is a religious fanatic to "save" Sam Bowden and who is in touch with his feminine side (his words, not mine). Also missing is the stand-up and strong Sam Bowden seen in the classic Cape Fear movie, Sam found in the 1991 remake is very silly, Magoo, suspicious and very unpleasant. Even Mme. Bowden is a completely different character - she's crazier than Max Cady is! The general story also changed - Sam did not testify against Cady in court to put him in jail as in the classic version, Sam is now Cady's former lawyer that Cady suspects she did not do everything she could to keep him out of her . prison and is out to "save him". <br /> <br /> General history has been altered, and I do not support it much, but the general script is also weak throughout. Other subplots have been thrown into the mix that not only distract from the overall picture, but are also poorly written. The film also includes some frankly absurd scenes and is filled with apathetic and even ridiculous lines that you can not take seriously. These aspects take away the dangerous and exciting nature that the film supposedly has, but they also have some help in this department. <br /> <br /> Now the classic Cape Fear version was filmed extraordinarily in brilliant lighting. and a powerfully effective suggestive subtlety combined with blatant brutality that elicited thrills when the movie called for and a sense of danger in its entirety. However, Scorsese is unable to do any of this on his Cape Fear, giving the film an early 1990s look, no sense of danger, no suspense scenes and little style (unless you count the fire of animation and style of the horizon). Yes, there is horrible violence and some effort has been made to make this Cape Fear bigger than the original, but it ends up empty and all the shock, but no dread. <br /> <br /> If all that was not enough The acting is not great either. Robert De Niro (being somehow nominated for an Oscar for his acting) starts off just as well as Max Cady, but he gets progressively worse until he starts to get nothing but laughter instead of scares at the end of the movie. The opposite happens to Jessica Lange and her performance of Mrs. Bowden, moving from most of the film to a convincing show of fear and despair in the end. Like Sam Bowden, Nick Nolte remains the same throughout the film: beige. Juliette Lewis (also involved in an Oscar nomination) is decent enough in her role as Danielle Bowden, but she is called to play a really stupid character and it's hard to really like what we see on her screen. <br /> <br /> This movie seems to be often regarded as one of the few good remakes, and I can not understand why. I try to like this; I really did - I mean, if there's going to be a Cape Fear remake, I'd rather enjoy that too - but I just could not. Containing nothing to be great by itself and being crushed by the inevitable comparison with the original Cape Fear, I found the Cape Fear by Martin Scorsese a very bad movie. The best things about the film are Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck in their supporting roles - go ahead.
