By right, there should never have been a "First Part of Blood II." The original script for "First Blood" caused John Rambo to commit suicide at the end of the movie, but this was changed to allow him to live, not because the producers wanted to do a sequel, but because the test audience found the original ending very depressing. However, someone obviously thought the character was too good to be wasted, because he ended up being the hero of two more films in the '80s, in addition to the recently released fourth film. <br /> <br /> The official title of this film. was "Rambo: First Blood Part II", but is more commonly known simply as "Rambo". It starts with the title character in jail, where he is presumably exposing the crimes he committed in "First Blood," though this is never very explicit. He is taken out of prison by his former commander, Colonel Trautman, for a secret mission. Rambo will return to Vietnam to investigate reports that US prisoners of war are still being held captive by the communist regime. He is under strict instructions not to attempt to rescue any prisoners or to attack the enemy; yours is simply a fact-finding mission. <br /> <br /> What Rambo does not realize is that he is being created, not by Trautman, who is portrayed as brave, honorable and incorruptible, but by the organizer. of the mission, a military bureaucrat named Murdock. Murdock wants the mission to prove that there are no American prisoners in Vietnam, in part because this will improve relations between the American and Vietnamese governments, in part because it will make their lives easier. Unfortunately for Murdock, Rambo discovers that not only are Americans still being held as prisoners, but they are also being held in hellish conditions. Of course he is too much of a hero to leave them at their destination and tries to rescue them. The rest of the film is about a long battle between Rambo and some allies (including a beautiful Vietnamese girl) and the evil soldiers and their Russian allies. Most of the villains, of course, end up dead, although I was surprised to hear from their "trivia" section that the total death toll was as low as 67. At times, it seemed like Rambo was trying to wipe out the entire Army Vietnamese. <br /> <br /> The tone of this film is very different from the first. In "First Blood", Rambo was unquestionably a criminal, although his responsibility for his crimes was diminished by the severe provocation and his mental instability. In "Rambo" he is an authentic American hero. A few years earlier, director George Pan Cosmatos had made "The Cassandra Crossing," a biased propaganda of anti-American propaganda on the left. Cosmatos, however, was nothing if not versatile, and "Rambo" proves that he could also turn his hand to the right-wing biased pro-American propaganda. The only thing the two films have in common is that they are both ridiculously bad. <br /> <br /> The "First Blood" had its faults, but it also had its virtues. His position that the anti-war movement was partly to blame for the problems faced by Vietnam veterans in re-adjusting civilian life was controversial, but at least the film was trying to make a statement about war, social attitudes toward war , and the roots of violence in society. "Rambo," on the contrary, has few virtues, except that the action sequences are well made to please those who like this sort of thing. It is essentially a sort of fantasy of revenge for those Americans who were still hurt by the Vietnam War. Rambo re-fights the war alone, and this time the right side wins. Take this, Charlie Cong! <br /> <br /> By now, admirers of the film (and there seem to be many - more than 2,000 voters have already given ten stars) will conclude that I am a liberal pinko who loves communion. Far from it, in fact, I have always despised communism as a pernicious ideology. What I do not like in the film is not its politics but its lack of subtlety and its suggestion that the solution to all problems, including ideological disputes, is to get all the guns on fire and try to kill as many people as possible . It makes no attempt to understand the political complexities of Southeast Asia or because not everyone in the region was pro-American. For all its anticommunism, the film is the kind of stupid propaganda the Communists were good at developing - except that they attributed all the world's problems to capitalism, or imperialism, or to revisionism, or any other ism they have. taken a dislike to. Compared to "Rambo", "The Green Berets" was a masterful piece of political analysis. 3/10
