The ghost of the Vietnam War has haunted the American psyche for thirty years now. If it were not for the fact that tens of thousands of American soldiers made MIA in Vietnam, or the way in which those who returned were treated, then it was the first war that America can be said to have lost. Many men returned home from the war as a shadow of their former selves, and the original First Blood managed to provide a brief insight into their problems as they tried to return to the world, as the saying goes. First Blood Part II, on the other hand, is little more than a mess that explores how America can be hurt, both in victory and defeat. Stallone puts in another slow performance as the command commandant of the Special Forces, while Richard Crenna tries to hold on to the serious actor quotient. Where everything comes undone is in the script, which did nothing better when it was called Missing In Action and starred Chuck Norris. The small similarity of logic in the original has passed since the filmmakers decide to paint a large S in the huge Rambo chest. <br /> <br /> The movie begins a little after the end of First Blood. The film, that is, the novel, did not allow the possibility of sequels. In this mediocre accompaniment, Rambo was put to work on what appears to be some sort of open-pit mine. As he is breaking stones and sweating, a prison guard sends him away to talk to Colonel Trautman, who advises him that his government is willing to offer him an early release if he goes on a secret mission. Rambo, who has never given up on the hard work of a hard day, accepts and is promptly sent to a secret base in what appears to be Cambodia or Thailand (I forgot which). From there, he is hired to look for a campground where American MIAs are supposed to be kept and photographed. His mission clearly specifies that he should make no attempt to secure his release. Rambo being Rambo, however, has other ideas, despite their possible political implications. <br /> <br /> Of course, things go wrong when it happens that the people who order Rambo's work have more interest in ensuring that no American MIAs are found. It is the old conspiracy theory, and it does not apologize for exploiting the condition of many American families who were left without a child during the ten years in which the official war of Vietnam had been fought. Of course, with the jingoism that was inherent in American society during the 1980s, they could not help but work on a tangent plot about the Vietnamese army being in bed with what appears to be a single battalion of Russians. Together, the two antagonists try to extract the information they can from Rambo, but this shoots them in an orgy of bullets, arrows, rockets and destruction. The only thing missing is the moment when Rambo drinks from a grail-like cup and declares himself invincible. <br /> <br /> To be honest, First Blood Part II is a well-photographed and well-choreographed action. Show. Hand-to-hand combat with the greatest Russian commander is one of the few battles in the film that has any dramatic tension. The rest is simply a case of the lead actor and the director building a costume for the Americans to bomb their fists. Fortunately, this fad of American action movies soon died when more introspective and clever war films, such as Platoon, began filming. Some of the deaths shown here are quite creative, despite all the problems. The Vietnamese commander meets an end that many villains of the action movie would envy. The Russian commander bites him in as spectacular a way as ridiculous. Only in a 1980s action movie would anyone see a law being used from inside a helicopter. Of course, there have been cliches of action films rooted in de facto contradictions, but never so ridiculous before. <br /> <br /> I gave Rambo: First Blood Part II one in ten. It's so bad that it's ridiculous and so ridiculous that it's often funny. It is not necessary to have served in the army to know how stupid some of the action sequences are. The only risk is trying to make a stupid political statement with what is a moving subject for those directly involved. Keep your tongue firmly on the cheek and it can be assisted.
