While the original First Blood had its exaggerated moments, it was at least thrilling in some parts. In Rambo: First Blood, Part II, the emphasis is shifted to comic book action. Plausibility is totally rejected; logical dips in the nose; Stallone becomes so impregnable that there can be no doubt that he will succeed in his mission. Like any other wish-fulfillment actioner of the day (for example, Invasion USA, Commando, Red Scorpion), Rambo: First Blood, Part II cancels its own opportunities for real excitement by introducing a hero that is too invulnerable to be feared. If you can tell from the word goes that Rambo will end up with hundreds of enemy soldiers, what's left to get excited about? Trapped after the events of the first film, John J Rambo (Sylvester Stallone) is offered a pardon if he joins a covert operation in the Far East. The year is 1985, and a mission is being organized to find out if there are any US PoWs still trapped in the jungles of Vietnam. Rambo is encouraged to take the job by his former mentor, Colonel Trautman (Richard Crenna), but the task is actually the creation of a government team led by Marshall Murdock (Charles Napier). Is Rambo's job simply to go to a prison camp in the jungle and check if it contains some American PoWs? if this does not happen, he must meet a helicopter; if this happens, he must obtain photographic proofs of his existence so that they can be redeemed at a later date. Helping you in your quest is a lady with local knowledge, the handsome and ingenious Co Bao (Julia Nickson). Sure enough, Rambo finds out there are PoWs in the camp, but does he exceed his orders, rescuing one of them? when he arrives at the rendezvous point, the rescue helicopter abandons him under Murdock's orders, which apparently do not really want to find any PoW because of political and military implications. Rambo is captured by the enemy and tortured, but after an explosive escape he leaves to free the PoWs and take revenge on the treacherous Murdock. <br /> <br /> The few good points of the film come from the polished Jack Cardiff. photography, Jerry Goldsmith's gripping score and the professionalism of the stunt team in performing various antics. In addition to these meager choices, the film is a failure. The actors are reduced to macho posture, the plot sounds false, the action sequences are soulless and without suspense, the dialogue is absurd ?? even violence becomes predictable. At the time of his liberation, America was under the presidency of Ronald Reagan, a man with simplistic and almost hysterical anti-communist sentiments. For this reason, the contemporary public animated this shooting party as if it were the biggest film of all time, turning it into an undeserved box office success. Luckily times have changed? nowadays we may regard it as a simple action movie with a ridiculously high count of bodies, an absurdly dumb policy and a ridiculous hero.
