I do not see much reason to enter this movie in too much detail. Sylvester Stallone is once again John Rambo, author and survivor of "A Season in Hell," recruited from prison by his only friend, Major Richard Crenna, to secretly return to Vietnam, take pictures of American prisoners believed to be kept in horrible camps, and return without involving the enemy. <br /> <br /> Fat Chance. What if he really did nothing but sneak, snap, and run away? Who would have seen the movie? <br /> <br /> It is essentially a celebration of Stallone's muscles. Preparing for your mission, we see your muscles well oiled and swollen. (They are oiled and swollen everywhere.) There is the ritual of tying black leather, ugly weapons and even uglier knives. The black guns are clean, mounted with high bangs and almost as greased as Stallone's muscles. The bow is tested and, yes, it has enough weight to drive a bolt through the forehead of an enemy. The knife is sharp with slippery slicks. Stallone and one of his prisoners of war are betrayed by one or two of Washington's robes, cynical politicians who, you can bet, have never been in a school grammar fight. No guts, you know? Just sit with your feet on the table and drink foreign beer. <br /> <br /> The film does what it sets out to do, but what it purports to do is meretricious. He deliberately invested in the popular myth in the mid-1980s that there were countless MIAs quietly kept in miserable camps by the North Vietnamese. The stickers were ubiquitous. (Free Our MIAs.) Why would they keep them? It has never been rationalized, but it may have turned prisoners of war into a slave labor force - in a country that has absolutely no resources but labor. Or perhaps for the value of his propaganda as an instrument to humiliate the United States-a propaganda weapon the Vietnamese kept secret from the world. <br /> <br /> As a captive, Rambo is treated in a medieval way by the North. Vietnamese. He plunged into her neck into pig excrement and then was pulled by his wrists, his muscles still on display. So not content with sub-human Vietnamese, a Russian officer is brought in to play the official Gestapo role - "Vee haff vays to make you remember." A kind of high tech, Russian uses psychology and electricity, not just the deposit of pigs. Rambo returns and declares that he intends to drift until "this country loves us as much as we love it". raising another myth that veterans returning from Vietnam were evenly spat and cursed, which is why I think we have elected so many to Congress and appointed others to senior positions. The last three lost presidential candidates were among that despised group. At least the left room adrift Rambo opened for a sequence, which arrived quickly. Action movies with Schwarzenegger and Willis and others have been joked, but Rambo has no humor. He marches gently through his ghostly ideological swamp, killing without mercy, barely speaking, barely able to speak. Talking is a sign of weakness.
