An offensive and exaggerated action adventure, FIRST BLOOD PART II seemed to pick up US mood at the time of its launch in the mid-1980s, with right-wing Reaganism and virulent anti-red feelings still unfinished, although the emergence of a Mikhail Gorbachev right in the heart of the "Evil Empire" in Moscow would soon make these types of films redundant; even Reagan himself eventually admitted this truism. In this sense, we can be very grateful to Gorby, not for his disarmament treaties with the US, nor for his 'glasnost' policies, or even his support for democracy being restored to the Eastern Europe in the backyard of the former Soviet Union. No, it's the end. diminution of silly, jingoistic, and cold-war adventures like this. The first RAMBO movie was not perfect, though at least it was a moderate and proper action thriller with a rather ugly history. In this sequence, any sensation of even the most remote conviction is instantly suppressed by a silly, sensitive This plan and incident in which Rambo alone assumes dozens of stereotyped Vietnamese and Russian troops to rescue the ten years of American prisoners of war after the end of conflict, with Americans on the losing side. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the reason the movie was a huge box office success was to let many Americans plunge into fantasy, they may have lost the war, but there were still unfinished business at hand, and heroic ridiculous of stories in comics with a robot-like hero killing virtually every red in sight, with as much hardware as possible, fulfilled those extravagantly capricious ideals. <br /> <br /> This could have been fun on a SUPERMAN / SPIDERMAN level, but unfortunately everything is played absolutely straight. not to mention that there's no humor in the film, unfortunately it's pretty much all unintended kind. The action scenes, though technically appropriate, never convey the least conviction or persuasion, because they are always placed in the most spectacular. Unbelievable from contexts, that is, our hero Rambo is always unscathed (plus some cuts and bruises here and there), despite tons of explosives, grenades, shots, etc., coming out around him. <br /> <br /> Among the chaos, what is a script consists of the clichés and duller platitudes. Stallone, who co-wrote the script with James Cameron (far removed from the exciting TERMINATOR made the previous year), seems to have deliberately given Rambo the character has so little to say in understandable English, and only comes out with idiot grunts, almost as if had invented his own brand of patois only understandable to himself. Maybe your colleague Cameron was thinking about The Terminator again with so little communication involved for the main character! In that sense, Rambo seems even less human than the Terminator! The rest of the cast does not do very well with good actors like Charles Napier and Richard Crenna doing their best with the banal dialogue they get, and Steven Berkoff is further enraged by another of his Russian KGB / Red villain roles Army. Berkoff's exaggeration is mildly pleasant, but not remotely threatening. How did Sly manage to survive Berkoff's electric torture torture to further kill those Red Commie worms? Well, credibility is never the strength of this movie. It's a fantasy work comparable to THE WIZARD OF OZ. At least it was WAS meant to be a fantasy, and an immortal classic that turned out to be. This is just a movie classic. more discouraging and even offensive. And as for Sly's climactic speech ... hypocrite after massacring all those people, eh? By the way, in the same year, he also did ROCKY IV .......... RATING: 3 out of 10.
