I remember when this piece of crap came out, all the newspapers were screaming about how it had taken Barbra Streisand years to make the movie. Well, it could not have taken so many years; the piece only opened in 1975, eight years earlier. He made a Broadway star for the great actress Tovah Feldshuh, who probably should have been cast for the film, but NOOOOOOO ... the Great STAR BARBRA HAD TO DO HIS WAY. AND WITH MUSIC WITHOUT LESS! This movie is a total disaster from beginning to end. For one thing, Barbra was FORTY YEARS old when she did this and she watched every minute of it. There was no one to swallow as a young man, yearning to study the Torah. And then, when she dresses as a boy, she is exaggerated. I have the impression that Streisand could not bear being unattractive, so he played with his makeup; She is more beautiful as a boy than she is as a girl. And as if that was not bad enough, she got involved with her schoolmate Avigdor (Mandy Patinkin, whose best moment is the photo of her bare back) and her fiancee (Amy Irving, who does her usual daydreaming routine, a little schtick the poor woman always resorts to when the director ignores her and she does not know what she's doing). Yentl goes so far as to marry the girl; I will not even bother mentioning the "wedding night" scene. <br /> <br /> Then there is the music. Nine totally forgettable songs, all sung by Streisand via voice-over (presumably like a look inside his mind), and each as intrusive and annoying as fingernails on a blackboard. <br /> <br /> I will not say that. Streisand does not show a flicker of promises as a director here; some visuals are adorable (the back of Patinkin especially), and she has a good eye for balance. The problem with this movie is that it does not go out of its way. I did not believe her for a second in the title role; she should NEVER have added the songs and in addition, the whole mess lasts two hours and fifteen minutes. I was tired of the whole mess after forty-five minutes. <br /> <br /> Horrible, horrible, horrible.
