A seemingly endless movie that really deserves a zero rating. The premise seems quite simple: Yentl, a girl interested in studying the Talmud, wants to go to school. But only the boys are allowed to study, so after the death of her father, she decides to disguise herself as a boy to enter. She does and becomes close friend of Avigdor, who will be married to a beautiful woman named Hadass. The family of Hadass discovers that Avigdor's brother committed suicide and the marriage was canceled. Yentl, now calling herself Anschel, is selected to marry Hadass. It does, but it is never consummated. Yentl / Anschel and Avigdor leave for a few days, and Yentl / Anschel reveals his secret to him. The film ends with Avigdor returning to (and getting married?) Hadass and Yentl going to America to continue their studies, although she has to continue to do so in disguise. <br /> <br /> The above story seems interesting in the beginning. for a movie over 2 hours long, but there are several things that spoil it. To begin with, there is the constant sung. (I can already hear critics screaming.) Yes, I know this is a musical, so there are supposed to be lots of songs and dance numbers. But the film could have been improved if it was directed and played without them. The songs become tedious after a while, and there is not much dancing as you would expect. Many of the songs are forgettable, without memorable real lyrics, and those with any meaning could easily have been replaced by a voice. Only one song stands out from the rest, "Papa Can You Hear Me." It is obvious that most of the others were deliberately placed so that Streisand could simply have a reason to show his vocal abilities every five or ten minutes. Chances are that anyone who sees this movie already knows what a great singer and actress is, so the songs are not really necessary. <br /> <br /> Second, Streisand makeup, which can be seen during the scenes as a man (lipstick, enhanced eyelashes and blush strokes are all obvious) makes it difficult for the public to believe in Yentl / Anschel's character, that she is really serious, and deceiving her new friends, colleagues and even Hadass, into believing that she is a man. However, we are asked and expected to believe the same thing. There seems to be a contradiction, since the character speaks, or rather, sings, of how she does not think she can do it, but she is surprised that everyone seems deceived because she is wearing men's clothes. That means we should expect the other characters to be so naive that they can not see the other differences, like her actions, which are clear gifts. Facial differences alone can not be included, as other characters in the film mention that some of their male relatives or friends had no beard or other facial hair. However, in the 1900s, if a woman dressed as a man but wearing as much makeup as Streisand's character, and still attempting to be a man just because she was wearing men's clothes, would have been considered unacceptable and would cause outrage. Chances are she would probably be forced to leave the city, or even the country. So Streisand's "feminine" makeup does not lend credibility to the character and only weakens the plot. If it was only applied to make Streisand look better, it should have been discarded. Thirdly, when Yentl / Anschel herself reveals who she really is until the end, we are asked to believe that the other characters are not as clever as those of Streisand and only when they learn that the "Truth" they become a little wiser. By now, it becomes increasingly apparent that the plot is so unlikely that it is nothing more than a tailor-made vehicle for Streisand to fuel. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are those who are fans of Streisand. which will find no flaw with this movie, its plot or the songs. For those I respectfully disagree. While she has excellent vocal and acting skills, I'm not a "fan" of her singing style. However, I enjoyed many other features, including musicals. There are even some of her songs that I like, so I'm not a "hater" nor do I intend to hit her. I wrote this comment from an honest perspective, from someone who tried their best to watch this movie - several times up - and noted the problems within it. If Streisand was interested in creating a great or even believable film, she could have done it here without injecting her need to show and prove just how talented, beautiful and intelligent she is in almost every turn. This movie does nothing more than hurt your skills, make it look self-absorbed, and thus turn the movie into a party of laugh unworthy of your fans or audience.
