Michael Williams, who works for the BBC, finds an impressive Italian image that mingles with the material of his ongoing work entitled DIABOLICAL ART: A DOCUMENTARY. But since the mysterious death of his wife, his daughter, Emily, has been emotionally disturbed, so he goes to Spoleto, where the troublesome photo is with her and her nanny, Jill. And there is a countess, who is also a seer, and she informs him that the picture was made somehow the night a young witch named Emilia was executed. Michael does not believe in his story, but then Emily has a hysterical spasm and Jill is dead ... This Italian film is of course almost innocently influenced by THE EXORCIST, but this one is much cheaper, much simpler and more meaningless, much more dirty. First of all, it must be said that this movie is full of confusion. For example, history shows that Emily is a reincarnation of Emilia. But when Emily sees her in the flashbacks, she sees it exclusively from the point of view of a third person. But if she is the reincarnation of Emilia, she must and must see the past from Emilia's point of view. Such confusions, which the film has many, are almost exclusively based on a problematic fact that the film is too cowardly, rather than ambivalent, to specify its own almost Freudian theme, that is, the incestuous desire for a pre- adolescent . To make matters worse, this movie also has a characteristic problem (if not confusion); each character is very naive and powerless to be realistic and / or believable living human being. In relation to Emily (or Emilia), she is after all a child, and it can be said that it is difficult to blame her mainly for her naiveté and helplessness. (And according to Freud's theory, every girl wants to have her father's son (s) in her own way. In that sense, Emily is not exclusively pathological, only her way of excluding other women from her father's love is problematic The problem is that the adult characters are as childish, naive and helpless as Emily, and because of this characteristic weakness, even the psychic who can see almost everything the film's own story ends in a rather escapist way, and the special effects of this film are incredibly cheap and laughable.Although Stelvio Cipriani's music is remarkably beautiful (in fact, , this is so good that it seems worthwhile to have it alone), the film as a whole is nothing more than a cheap B movie that can disappoint until the 70's movie lovers.
