An MTV-style film crew consisting of American TV producer Zack Zardine (Matt Borlenghi), her cameraman, Australian Cecily (Kate Fisher) and two surfers named Bog Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West) arrive on some nice looking island somewhere, it is not really revealed where. The crew plans to do an exhibition on 'bloodsurfing', which is apparently the latest fad in extreme sports. The surfers throw baits in the sea and cut themselves to attract sharks, just to see if they can surf them without being eaten. Once there, they are greeted by Sonny Lofranco (Cris Vertigo) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa). Their quest for the perfect spot takes them to the shark-infested waters of Lilo-Cay. Sonny, Melba and their daughter Lemmya (Maureen Larrazabal) take them in their boat. Soon after arriving and having already done some bloodsurfing, Sonny, Melba and Lemmya are all killed by a 30 foot saltwater crocodile that some say "owns" the island. The boat is sunk. Zack, Cecily, Bog and Jeremy are trapped on the island until a rescue team arrives. However, after a run with some, erm well I really do not know what they are. Pirates? Drug smugglers? Revolutionaries? Ugly and fat people who just do not like being around other people? Who knows? And most importantly who cares? Not me for sure. Anyway, after escaping these guys who look like pirates, they are caught off the coast of the island by Captain John Dirks (Duncan Regehr) and his girl Arty (Taryn Reif as Tara Reif). The film crew believes they have been saved. Little do they know that the crocodile and Captain Dirks come back and he has a score to solve and four members of a film crew are not going to stop him. Captain Dirks returns to Lilo-Cay for a final showdown with the giant male-eating crocodile. <br /> <br /> Directed by James D.R. Hickox is a horrible movie, but it's still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers Crocodile (2000). Everything about this movie sucks. The script by Sam Bernard and Robert L. Levy is terrible, extremely slow, since the crocodile is neither seen nor mentioned before the 30-minute mark, and by this time I was seriously bored and irritated by the horribly unpleasant characters invented by Bernard and Imposition. The whole movie is also frustratingly predictable, within the first 10 minutes anyone familiar with horror movie stereotypes and stock characters will be able to guess who dies and who will survive. The effects of the crocodile are horrible and seem to be repeated several times, there is a small marionette head that obviously has someone attached to the arm, controlling their movements while the water splashes become huge! The CGI images of the crocodile are simply embarrassing to watch. There is no gore apart from when a character is bitten in half, which is achieved using CGI to digitally remove the legs of the actors, again looks terrible. There is also a brief scene where someone is impaled on wooden prongs when he loosens a trap. There is a fair amount of nudity and sex, and the female actresses are beautiful and pleasing to the eye. There's basic continuity and logical errors in the film too, in a sequel Cecily is filming "bloodsurfing" by Bog and Jeremy, but from the angle and distance it's physically impossible to get pictures of both sharks and surfers at the same time. time, and surely that's the whole point of your shot? When Dirks manages to crouch the crocodile, the angle of the wire changes drastically between the shots, in a shot, the angle of the line seems to be coming from the sky, the shot just after the angle is completely different and it seems that the line is coming from below surface of the water when the harpoon is actually attached to the back of the boat and the line should be almost flush with the surface. I could go on, like why does the crocodile jump off the edge of a cliff if it's as clever as this movie tries to understand? But I would probably exceed the 1,000-word limit if I listed all that was wrong with this movie, so I will not. I hated this movie, but alarmingly it's still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers' effort on a giant crocodile film. Definitely one to avoid.
