Well, after three times I still have no idea what this movie is because honestly it did not generate any real interest or concern. But here it goes: A lot too old to be a teenager Teen Actors dressed in horrible 1980s fashion (we also saw this ??) decide that it would really be a good idea to get on a motorboat and go visit the abandoned Alcatraz after one of them has nightmares of people being massacred in various horrifying ways that manage to steal POLTERGEIST, THE EVIL DEAD and Freddy Kreuger all at once. The idiot even imagines being roasted over open fire with some deformed aberration by cutting strands of filet mignon. Good thing it was just a dream or it could have hurt, and good that his dreams had a decent budget of special effects. Mine are usually very bad: Girls, model spaceships, blowing things up with a bazooka, etc. <br /> <br /> Once on the island of Alcatraz they find themselves in a Slasher movie, and meet Tony Basil, who can not help but break into a few dance poses from time to time and had his own lighting crew (complete with a smoke machine for that smoky mist of 1980 infused look of light, which I kind of miss). And it reminded me that Basil helped choreograph David Byrne of the Talking Heads for some of his videos and performances. This, of course, has nothing to do with the film, but continued to appear as the film meant very little to think about. It happens, and you can watch or continue working on marking your page with the TV on the side. But since the movie is not really interesting, you will continue to decide to finish one last thing instead of wasting time, the movie will continue to end, and you will catch on imagining what you missed every time you realize that the end credits are starting to roll again, damn ... <br /> <br /> SOME 1980 horror films can survive a specialized exhibition: GHOSTHOUSE, CHOPPING MALL & Umberto Lenzi's Killbots, the hard one to ignore NIGHT OF THE CREEPS -the- top SLEEPAWAY CAMP all come to mind. They are films that, like them or not, demand your attention and usually pay with something good or T & A and type in your work as proof that you were watching TV instead of your keyboard. I'm sure that HELL ISLAND (as the British version I recorded is titled) really does have some good stuff in there, but frankly I do not care. And nothing is more annoying than finding art of any kind that does not inspire admiration, some decent dislike or even honest and good hatred for it. The film is content with the 80 minute difference - whatever the time span and never really accomplishing anything other than being a distraction sometimes, despite my best efforts to give it a try but no data. <br /> <br /> There is some eccentric production project going on, the use of lighting is sometimes impressive, and the occasional blast of chaos will probably keep fans of the 1980 Teen Horror interested. The rest of you be warned though: you'll marvel if you wore it like that in 1987, and the answer is probably more horrible than anything that happens on the screen. Try watching it as a free rental if possible so that if you get disappointed, you do not get stuck to shit: movies like this occupy a valuable space on the shelves that is often a commodity nowadays, with the world coming to an end all ...
