Wow. I've rarely felt the need to comment on movies lately, but this one is especially begging for a spanking. Let's start at the beginning. First, screenwriter and director Susan Montford puts Kim Basinger in the role of the old and tired victim, complete with abusive husband and suburban existence. Let me say now that almost all the content of this boring movie is completely banal and banal. Montford's pathetic attempt at symbolism involving the Christmas tree with no stars is laughable. <br /> <br /> When she goes out for a Christmas wrapping paper on a dark and sinister night, Della is furious that someone has parked the busiest nighttime shopping car of the year. She decides to do something about it, so she leaves a nasty note on the windshield of the car. The next fifteen minutes of the film are dedicated to Della walking aimlessly at the mall. When she finally gets to her car, the thugs confront her about the ticket, a policeman is killed and she runs, and they reach her, and she runs away, and they chase her a little more, and so on. Everything is completely predictable and involves no problems. Bandits are not scary or threatening, and they are all caught one by one in all the usual ways. <br /> <br /> This is one of those movies where all the action depends on the characters being as stupid as you can imagine. Why the thugs do not just kill her instead of waiting for her to hit them with an iron tire is beyond me. And once, just once, in a movie like that, does the pack leader have to die last? What does it matter that they are all eliminated one by one when all are equally inept? Much of the film simply consists of Lukas Haas running through the forest shouting "Della !!!" And the inclusion of Joy Division in the soundtrack of this miserable movie is insulting. <br /> <br /> The part that really made me run to the keyboard of my computer was when Della, exhausted and hurt, screams to heaven. "Where are you, God? Where, in fact, was God when this I just give a 2 because of the competent cinematography and lighting, and it's not as bad as 'BTK Killer', the definitive marker to judge any awful movie.
