A really bad movie, with few good moments or qualities. It starts with the pregnant Linda Blair, who runs down the aisles to escape what may be monsters or people with pitchforks, I'm not sure. She jumps through a window and wakes up, and we see that she is very pregnant. The degree to which she is pregnant varies greatly throughout the film. <br /> <br /> She is a boring and possibly retarded little boy that I thought was her son traveling to an abandoned hotel on an island. Italian horror directors find the most annoying kids to put on their movies! On the island are already David Hasselhoff and his German-speaking virgin girlfriend (you know how the Germans love Hasselhoff ...). He's taking pictures, and she's translating an esoteric German book about witches, I think. Also traveling to the island are an older couple who bought it, and a real estate agent, and a woman I thought was their daughter. Of course, she was an architect, and Linda Blair and the boy are the children of the older couple. I think they all traveled together to the island, but it really seemed like Linda and the boy were separated from each other (maybe they were filmed separately). <br /> <br /> The hotel looks clean, certainly from the exterior, but is not accustomed to any great effect. An old woman with bad make-up and a black cloak keeps appearing to the boy and chants something in German at times, which he ends up recording on his Sesame Street recorder. <br /> <br /> People begin to be dead, whether in their dreams. or sucked into hell or something. Some of these scenes are good, but not enough to recommend the movie. Although the copy I saw showed that it was not cut on the chest cover, the death of a character whose veins exploded really seems to have been cut off. Much of the scene is showing reaction shots of another character, since we are not seeing anything of ourselves. The most chilling scene is one where a man or demon with a really messy mouth sore rapes someone. He seemed particularly unpleasant. There is a laughable and painfully bad scene where Linda Blair is possessed. I wish that if a horror movie were to launch it, they would do something original with their role, and let her leave the Exorcist behind her (except for the annual horror conventions). <br /> <br /> In the strange, largely Italian tradition of claiming to be a sequel to something that has no relation, this is also AKA La Casa 4 and Ghosthouse 2. That is, it is supposedly a sequel to House 3 - Ghosthouse, La (1988) - is not (this is also a better movie than this). La Casa 1 and two were The Evil Dead (1981) and Evil Dead II (1987) - again unrelated to Witchery and La Casa 3 (and much better than those). There is also a House 5, La (1990) AKA House 5, which seems to want to be a continuation of the fake series of La Casa and the series House: House (1986) House II: The Second Story (1987), The Horror Show ) AKA House III and House IV (1992). How does the Horror Show fit there? Not true, it claimed to be a sequel, thus requiring the entry of the actual series to be renumbered to cause less (or more?) Confusion. Oddly, The Horror Show is also AKA Horror House, and La Casa 5 is also AKA Horror House 2. Is Your Head Hurting Yet?
