Let's put the policy correction aside and just look at it in terms of the numerous sexual comedies that came out in the 1980's because I do not think this is any better or worse than the others. Unless you're a religious madman or a tense woman, you're likely to see a silly movie like that without worrying about the content and I personally had a totally innocuous feeling about it before and after watching it. The story takes place in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where a 15-year-old rich kid named Phillip "Philly" Fillmore (Eric Brown) is naturally excited and begins spying on the attractive maid who has just started working for his father. SPOILER SPEAKER ***** Nicole Mallow (Sylvia Kristel) is friends with Philly, but things get hot when her father leaves the city on business and she starts flirting with he to the point where she invites him into her bedroom to watch her undress. Philly is awkward and does not know how to react at first, but soon he goes ahead and has sex but, to his horror, it seems that Nicole died of a heart attack! With the help of dishonest driver Lester Lewis (Howard Hesseman), they apparently buried her body, but a note from a blackmailer appears and Philly must receive $ 10,000 from his father's safe. Philly is shocked when Nicole shows up and he discovers that the whole thing was an extortion plan created by Lester and that she only agreed to it because she is an illegal alien and if she did not do what was said, Lester would have called the office immigration. Together, they try to recover their father's money before he returns home and ask for help from Jack (Ed Begley Jr.), who is a tennis instructor, but pretends to be a cop to scare Lester. Little comedy was made for less than $ 3 million, but it grossed more than $ 50 million worldwide and made it one of the least likely films during that time. leads me to wonder why this was a success and not any other genre. Director Alan Myerson can boast of making a hit movie, but the truth is he has never had a career in movies, although he has had great success on television. So ... why did it become so successful? I have a thought that can only be because of Kristel and before you decide that I'm crazy, listen to my reasoning. Kristel was an international star because of her soft core films, so the reason alone made many free thinking adults curious to see it in an American movie that was getting a great release. With this, the same adults would also be nostalgic about their own youth and the fantasy of being taught about ways to make love to an attractive older woman who attracts much younger audience members who are probably still very inexperienced and curious about the film. Anyway, that's my thinking and if anyone has another reason, I'd love to hear this, but back to the movie itself it's apparent (and very sad) that a movie like this could probably never be done again (except in Europe ) because of the right religion and the other foolish haters who simply can not accept the fact that an adolescent teenager will do him no harm. In fact, it is a valuable service that ALL THE BOYS pray for to happen to them! The film itself is awkward and Kristel's double body is evident in certain scenes, especially if you take note of the difference in her nipples. The story (though intriguing in its basic form) is neither very funny nor revealing, so he kept looking at the nudity scenes that are really the norm for the genre.
