Well, it turned out as I expected: visual overhead, but nothing added to the original. What struck me, however, was that the story changed dramatically compared to the 1968 film. Initially, this aroused my interest, but what struck me most was that the new twists (a) were apparently invented to present us with a typical Hollywood-like product and (b) made the whole plot unlikely! The 1968 story was breathtaking and did not include storms of weather or any fakes like that: it just said that when you get home after a long journey, things may have changed a bit. The earth may have fallen into the hands of monkeys, for example. Like many "old" movies, the main ingredient was suspense (does anyone understand that word lately?). In this Burton film, an attempt was made to turn the whole thing into an action movie, but at what cost? Sure enough, the images are impressive, and a lot of time and money have been invested in the design of a complete monkey culture (even monkey music!), But what's wrong? <br /> <br /> First, suspension disbelief is hampered, because monkeys have many human characteristics of Hollywood. I am especially referring to Ari and the slave trader. These traits include emotional abilities such as irony, sarcasm, and an openly displayed set of "subtle" emotions. This makes you forget that monkeys are monkeys, which is essential. <br /> <br /> Second, humans TALK. Of course, we can imagine that humans will never forget how to speak, but the fact that monkeys have speech and humans did not play the very tangible and stressful monkey / human in the 1968 version. The throat wound that Charlton Heston gets there it is essential for his survival and his subsequent recovery from speech essential to his uniqueness and to Dr. Zira's interest in him (there is no need for such things as human rights activists or human-human love). in order to explain things). <br /> <br /> Third, the fact that they talk a lot about advertising for implausibility, but it is a necessary turn in the new film, since Captain Davidson has to play Hollywood. Let's save the whole world and have a good end for everyone and still make the lounge bar for a cold diet character. Oh my god, will they never learn? I'm new from the beginning, when there was only one guy who got lost! They needed a hero! And then the writers continue to reason: we need a guy ... so why would a guy get lost ... because he tries to save a monkey from an electromagnetic storm ... implausible! But it is necessary because it shows the public that he respects monkeys! Since, in these modern and politically correct times, we can not have a xenophobic enemy like the 68 Charlton Heston characters loose on the screen: let's give them a chewing gum version! <br /> <br /> Fourth, okay, the general twist of the original "uncovering the truth" from the 1968 movie to the modern version (he discovers that his own mother ship fell on the planet long ago and that his monkeys laboratory developed his society, where Heston simply discovered that somehow, the monkeys overtook the land while he was away) is well done. The second part of the battle comes as an anti-climax. That's because this movie added the first two Planet of the Apes films in a single plot. Nice try, but the cold you feel when Davidson and you discover that he is lost on the planet forever, just disappears due to the part of uninteresting battle. <br /> <br /> Fifth: the end !!! For chrissakes, who invented this?! (a) Does Davidson fall twice with his escape pod, which looks like a non-inheritable object, while the chimp can simply land gracefully? Come on, who would believe that? If the pods are really small spaceships (Davidson simply flies into space at the end) and not just escape from ships, he could have gotten a safe landing at least once, right? And this end? I mean, in the original movie it was clear that everything happened on earth. But here: the whole movie happens on a distant planet, and suddenly the same (there is a statue of Thade) that monkey culture is on earth ??? Because? Did the monkeys on the far planet evolve technologically, flew into the storm of time and colonized the land before Davidson's mission took off? Why is Thade worshiped? Stupid stupid stupid. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter is still adorable and beautiful as a monkey, but I expected no less. I preferred her monkey above Estella Warren as a human, but maybe I have some loose wire in my head. However, the only convincing monkeys were Tim Roth as Thade (wonderful!) And Ari's domestic monkey (the former general, but I forgot his name). <br /> Nonono, many things could and should have been added / changed to the 1968 photo, but not the plot, at least not that way. It was simple and clear and needed no further explanation. It was well laid back and caricatured. Do not stylise everything ...
