This film starred a totally forgotten star of the 1930s, Jack Pearl (radio "Baron Munchausen") as well as Jimmy Durante. However, seven and a half decades later, it's being billed as a Three Stooges movie because they're the only ones in the movie that the average person would recognize today. Film fanatics will also recognize the wonderful Edna May Oliver as well as Zazu Pitts. <br /> <br /> As for the Stooges, this is a movie from there early - before MGM had any idea what to do with the film. team. At this point, they were known as "Ted Healy and his Goofy," as Healy was the front man. Luckily for the Stooges, they soon left this man unpleasant and untalented (read about it - you'll see what I mean) and the rest is history. Within a year, they were making successful shorts for Columbia and MGM executives soon kicked themselves for losing the team. This sort of thing was a common occurrence at MGM, a great studio that had no idea what to do with the comedy (like the Buster Keaton, Laurel and Hardy, Abbott, Costello, and others). In fact, until her departure for Columbia, MGM put them in a variety of roles in strange films - including acting with Clark Gable and Joan Crawford in DANCING LADY. And strangely, in this movie they did not act as a team - they just did several supporting roles, like Larry playing the piano! <br /> <br /> This particular movie begins with Pearl and Durante, lost in the movies. African jungle. When they are rescued and taken home, the whole sense of structure of the film falls apart and the film becomes almost like a variety show - punctuated by scenes with the leads here and there. As for Pearl, I could actually see why he never made a successful transition to the movies, since he has the personality of a slug (but a little less welcome). As for Durante, he never knew what the audience saw in him - at least as far as his films were concerned - he was tall and ... loud! He apparently had time to help MGM ruin Buster Keaton's career to make this movie. Together, Pearl and Durante rely on a lot of verbal humor (?) And Vaudeville-style routines that tend to fall a bit. <br /> <br /> In this film, the Stooges did not yet have the right chemistry. Seeing Healy doing the work Moe did in his later movies is strange. What they did in the movie was very good, but since all the segments were short, they went in and out of the camera very quickly to allow them to really get into their routines. Stooges fans may be very frustrated with this, though stubborn fans may want to see this so they can complete their goal of seeing everything Stooge - even the rotten movies of Joe DeRita and Joe Besser (oh, and they got bad after deaths of Shemp and Curly). <br /> <br /> Overall, the film is rather monotonous and disappointing. However, there are some interesting things to look for in the mess. Around 13 minutes, you will see a brief scene in which a tour guide of a bus is singing. Look carefully, as this is Walter Brennan in a role you certainly would never expect! Another unusual thing to look for in the film is the song "Clean as a Whistle", which starts at 22 minutes of the film. This number of music and dance is clearly an example of a scene called "Pre-Code" that would never have been allowed in movies after 1934 (when the Production Code was strengthened). Despite the word "Clean" in the title, it's a very exciting number, with naked women showing a lot of meat - enough to stimulate but not enough to actually show anything! It's quite shocking when seen today, although such excesses were quite common in the early 1930s. Finally, at the 63-minute mark, see Jimmy Durante define racial relations back a few decades. Watch the movie, you'll see what I mean!
