"Well Chuck Jones is dead, leaves his characters solo, adding cheap blasts, an American anime designed knock off style and give them superpowers." "But sir, are not we all ready to have several shows in the works that are already like this, much less do not dump the dreams of the original creators." "Yes! And these shows make us a lot of money, and we need more!" "But will not all men, women, and children, who have grown up with these characters less time, be bored?" "hay, you're right! Set it in the future, make it all descended from the original characters, and change all the names slightly ... but not much, though, we still need to be able to milk the success of the classics." <br /> <br /> Well, that's the only reason I can think of why this exists. If you look beyond the horrible desecration of our beloved Looney Toons, then it sounds like an OK program. But then you already have the teen titan, which is the same bloody thing. All characters are dressed as Batman, they drive on some kind of ship battling super villains, they have superpowers, the only difference being they speak like Looney's and have similar names and character traits. <br /> <br /> This kind of thing falls into the "it's so ridiculous, it's good" type. Think of the brother movie of Super Mario and Batman and Robin. If you want to laugh for all the wrong reasons, check this out. If you're the younger generation (for what this thing is meant to be), and you can look past the greedy executives, then go ahead and enjoy it. <br /> <br /> If you like this cartoon I do not have a problem with you, it is the people who have calculated this thing together that I am angry with. You know how they say piracy is like stealing a car; this show is like a grave robbery. They could also unearth all the people involved with the original drawing, push them into an exhibition, dress them in pirate costumes and charge money. If this show was not using characters (who did not look like Looney Toons anyway) who have already made millions in studios, then fine. But not! Shame on the Warner Brothers, out of shame. <br /> <br /> If I saw this as a 30 second joke on an episode of the Simpson or Family Guy, I would love that. How come I can not believe this has already been done. I would bet anyone that 80% of the people working at this show hate him. But whatever that does not really matter, 10 years from now this show has been forgotten, while the originals will live forever - or at least until the end of the world. "In 2008, Snoopy and the peanut gang are back, and now they have a fucking laser and can become invisible! Can Charley Brown defeat the evil alien leader Zapar? . "
