The Loony Tunes have ventured (at least) twice in the future. The first time was with the brilliantly funny "Duck Dodgers". The last time was with this? one? effort. "Loonatics Unleashed" is not without merit, and can be considered a good product, if not of the quality of Warner Brothers. WB's cartoons are known for their daring humor, appealing at least to both adults and children. These episodes of pedestrian superheroes, on the other hand, can not but convince adults to pass them off. The premise of the series is that 6 common people (2 rabbits, a Tasmanian demon, a duck, a roadrunner, and a coyote) live on the "planet-city" of Acmetropolis and acquire superpowers when a meteor strikes the planet in 2772. What is confusing is that the titles section presents these individuals with a count down to 2772 of the 21st century. Cute, but frying stupid. <br /> <br /> In each episode, the super sextet? in the midst of slightly amusing but essentially banal pranks ?? fight against several super villains. For the most part, these are types that appear in every series of mediocre superheroes and even some of the best ones. Like many mediocre superhero series, this takes their villains too seriously for context. And of course these guys are the only characters who laugh? the usual evil laugh, of course. Why is it that villains in predictable adventures of superheroes ever ?? EVER ?? Laugh evil at all times? Animation stuff of this kind seems to leave laughter exclusively in the province of villains and (occasionally) their followers and / or hijackers. <br /> <br /> In fact, the creators of this series have lost their best bets since the get-go. Character superpowers are sometimes based on your previous normal abilities, but sometimes not. The problem here is that we do not see enough WB madness. Lexi and Ace have biologically generated energy weapons that are fairly common and have virtually no personality traits that anyone can describe as "Bugs-like." What we have here is basically the "Teen Titans" silly and drekish, including their "modern" "look" animation, but with animals. Feh. <br /> <br /> The other wrong step of the creators of the program is (or are) the villains. As mentioned earlier, they are not terribly imaginative and make the bad-laughing bite excessively. Surprisingly, writers have totally lost the obvious technique of making villains from WB characters as well as the protagonists. Adding to the fun could it have been, say, Jupiter Sam? as well as The Fudd, still hunting wabbits ?? as well as Tech E. Coyote become a really neurotic villain? and so on. Ah, the sadness of missed opportunities ??. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this whole production went into many overtime (ie a second season). However, we can rejoice that there is something new out there for the crowd of 14 people. The rest of us can wait for a third season of Duck Dodgers.
