If you are going to take care of a child, make sure she does not live near a graveyard. Especially if the child is in the habit of taking bloody pictures and disappear at night among the tombstones to see his "friends". But our long-haired heroine, oblivious to all the signs, lives with her family, the Nortons, who include a strict father and a grumpy older brother who becomes a loving interest to our newbie nanny. Even more frightening than the zombie gang outside is the tendency of the cast to speak even when their lips are not moving, and the words do not match the movement of their mouths. But enough of that ... the domestic animals are being sacrificed, the old ones are having their eyes torn out and the orchestra does not shut up during any scene, even the most tranquil. Oh, and the editor is having a day off by the way the movie goes on. <br /> <br /> Actually, it would have been better if everyone involved had paused, smelled what they had signed. and it was AWOL. Yes, I know it's hard to get into movies these days, but that kind of starting point is not one of your resumes you'd like. If it would be like an agricultural worker on probation having a conviction for molesting hen. Featuring one of the worst lead performances ever by the raucous Laurel Barnett, and another almost as bad as the uncharacteristic children's actress Rosalie Cole (The next Dakota Fanning she is not) the movie snakes non-stop. We have what a climax. <br /> <br /> This involves five or six members of the undead barricading our completely useless heroine in a shed while his piece of brute drives away these ghouls with a wooden plank, a shell rifle and whatever he can put his hands. But back off for a minute. Earlier they were in the car, and accidentally discovered that the creatures found the horn noise so repellent that they crawled to the sound of it. So they stay where they are safe? No, of course not, they rush to this abandoned building in the middle of nowhere, so the guy can prove how hard he is the girl can act like she's having a nervous breakdown. <br /> <br /> Finally, the movie closes. It does not end, it's just going to stop. The main character returns to the vehicle covered in fake blood, as if nothing horrible had happened. But, my dear spectator, something horrible happened. You just watch one of the most boring horror movies you'll probably see, and you've lost 82 minutes of your life that you'll never get back. Just think ... in a few years' time, on your deathbed, you would trade an hour and 22 minutes just to spend a little extra time with your family. Unfortunately, it's too late for me. Do not make the same mistake :( 2/10
