Look spoiled for life in kibbutz <br /> <br /> This film is less a cultural story about the life of a boy in a kibbutz, but the deliberate demonization of the life of the kibbutz in general. In the first two minutes of the film, the milk man in charge of the cow rapes one of his calves. And it's all from there in terms of the characters who represent the typical "kibbutznikim". In addition to the two main characters, a clinically depressed woman and her youngest son, all the others in the kibbutz are a gross caricature of evil. <br /> <br /> The story focuses on how the kibbutz, as a sort of cult, slowly drags the mother and son into despair and inevitably follows. There is no happiness, joy or laughter in this kibbutz. Each character / situation represents a horrible human vice such as misogyny, hypocrisy, violence, worship, repression, etc. For example, while the protagonist is a remarkably handsome 12-year-old boy? his older brother is a typical young kibbutz complete with his "Jewish" physical appearance and brutal personality. He is more concerned with driving foreign volunteers than with the health of his dying mother. He treats these volunteers as junk. After his little brother begs him to visit his dying mother, whom he has not seen for a long time because of his military service, he orders, Quote? "Linda, go shower and I'll cum in two minutes." Is there another "good" character in this movie? a European foreigner who plays her mother's boyfriend. When the animal rapist tries to hit the son of a bitch, the boyfriend defends him, breaking the rapist's arm. He is summarily expelled from the kibbutz and then for "violent" behavior against one of the kibbutz members. More hypocrisy: the indescribably annoying French interpreter who plays the school teacher preaches that sex can not happen before the age of eighteen, or without love, and accounts for the act that is supposed to be funny to the public, but it is really stupid. Of course she is screwing the kibbutz's head in the fields, which in turn disrupts the little boy's mother when her mental health gets worse. <br /> <br /> The film portrays the kibbutz as a kind of cult. The children are torn from their beds in the middle of the night and taken to some ritual where they swear allegiance to the fields supervised by the elders of the kibbutz. The mother apparently can not "escape" the kibbutz, although in reality anyone is / is always free to come and go as they wish. It's a mystery as the boy's father died, but you can rest easy, the kibbutz "took him to it" and his surviving parents are another pair of heartless and unhappy characters weighing on the mother and her son. <br /> <br /> That's the essence of this movie. One-dimensional characters, dramatization, dry performances and an insidious message that keeps trying to pound into the public's head? that the life of the kibbutz was degrading, miserable and even deadly to those who did not fit. I'm sorry for the guy who made this movie? obviously he had a bad experience in a kibbutz. But I feel as if he takes some seeds of the truth about the kibbutz's life and turns them into stereotyped huge atomic bombs.
