I saw this movie right now, not when it was released and acclaimed as the best photo of the year here in Israel. and to sum it all up now, I'll just say: this is not a good movie. <br /> <br /> This is the second feature film for Dror Shaul, and I have to admit that his first and the TV drama he did before this picture is much better. moreover, this is his first attempt to direct a drama. the early works were comedies, and they were funny and effective. <br /> <br /> The first thing you need to know is whether you will see this movie: Israel of the 21st century hates the kibbutz and the values ​​it represented since the formation of the state of Israel. the actual situation of the kibbutzim is very terrible, and some of them disappear one by one. the kibbutz, Hebrew word for collective, was a kind of village for members only, where the values ​​of equality and socialism were the dogma of everyday life. with the change in social values ​​over time, it now seems that the kibbutz was a place where the human spirit was repressed, locked in the rules of dogma, with no way out. the entry of capitalist values ​​and lifestyle in the 1990s and until now made it very difficult for the kibbutzim to survive. the movie's crazy mother is the central metaphor for this. <br /> <br /> But, I consider that this film has nothing to do with nostalgia for the good old days of the kibbutz. once, it was a dream of every young couple living in a kibbutz and raising children in this beautiful and beautiful environment. but the film shows otherwise. that the kibbutz, with its socialist dogma, was a place like a cult of crazy people with crazy ideas that undermine the freedom of every individual within the collective. this is the central philosophy of postmodern capitalism: its individuality is the most important thing. you must put yourself in the center, and no one else but you is the problem. this is the philosophy that the film defends, and this is only the first sin. <br /> <br /> If you disagree with me on the political side, I am sure you will agree that the acting, the tone of the film, is script and its direction are the four sins that follow. the movie has no real visual text and none of your pictures is something to remember. is also very delicate, a delicacy that is no more than an artistic attempt to provoke emotions that do not arise, not in the film and not in the spectator. brings nothing but boredom. <br /> <br /> Can anyone explain: why did this movie win so many awards? perhaps because it shows that Israel is aligned with the rest of the world, hating socialist and human values? or perhaps show that Israel is a "delicate" place, not yielding to dogmas and fanaticism? that we are basically very human and good people, capable of emotions, especially when they are false, just as capitalism expects us to be? or perhaps because it tells one of the biggest lies of Israeli cinema in recent years, a lie that undermines the justification for the existence of the Jewish state? no matter what the answer is, it is not good. not to the world, not to human values ​​and not to the Jews.
