Yes AWA wrestling as anyone can forget this unreal show. First they had a very short interviewer named Marty O'Neil who made the "Rock n Roll" Buck Zumhofe look like a nose gear. So it was Gene Okerland that when he was "crazy as the fighter" he would say "They were out of time" or "Well, come back" acting like he was crazy, but actually sounding forced. After he went to the WWF, Ken Resneck took over, although his mustache looked like a week's soup stuck, it was a great interviewer who "Georgeous" Jimmy Garvin called the rat face that made me fall from the chair laughing. After he jumped off the ship, Larry Nelson got on board, which was so bad that Phyllis George would be an improvement! Then there's Doug McLeod, the best wrestling announcer of all time, who made all the exciting games with his description of punches! Then he was offered more pay by the Minnesota North Stars hockey team. In the ring, who can forget that Roger Kent, who erroneously pronounces words and sentences, was historical. Like when a fighter was big. "He's too big!" punched or kicked in the guts "right in the gussets" or when kicked "He punted him" or "the piledriver should be banned" after Nick Bockwinkle used it on a defenseless opponent. (Right Roger as you worry!) After he (WWF) they had Rod Trongard, who announced a great but different style, like when a wrestler scraped the sole of the boot on the forehead of another guy and said "in front e-lobe" or when a wrestler is in trouble "Hes in a bad bad way". He would also say AWA the worst, the hardest, the meanest, most scientific fighters are here at AWA! (No extra money Verne Gagne!) After he left (WWF) Larry (Where is Phyllis?!) Nelson took over and I would either talk to someone else or totally ignore him (WWE wisely did not take him!) Also Greg Gagne had the ugliest wrestling boots I've ever seen a yellow color of something I do not want to say. Also, when he's looking at the brand, it looks like that he wants to end this so he can run to the nearest bathroom! Jumpin J im Brunzell was a great successful artist you wonder why Greg was always his partner. Jerry Blackwell (RIP) was also a super-star fighter, but you wonder why Verne had won for himself (Puhleeeeze!). So when Vince McMahon hired Gagnes' salesmen, he made the majority fight against the squash I like to see the Gagne family say that the fights are real now!
