A girl lives with her father and brother in the middle of the field. This little girl Rosalie has some psychotic tendencies when the movie begins with her feeding pups for some kind of creature in the graveyard, and she recently lost her mother who went crazy, but while she lived she liked to stay in the woods all night. The premise of the film has a new girl coming to Rosalie to take care of her. She is introduced to the evil of the forest as she drives and, imagine the suspense here, experiences a huge blue barrel falling on the side of a cliff to somehow stop her dead car in its tracks. From there, she walks to the nearest house and finds Mrs. Whitfield, who then enters into a series of explanations about Rosalie and her family. The fervor exhaled by Mrs. Whitfield's character has to be seen to be believed. Well, the young lady meets up with the child and we soon learn that she's not just weird, but everyone in the movie is very bizarre too. They all share one thing in common that none of them have ever heard of an acting school. None of these people can act - as evidenced by the few vehicles in which any of them appeared in the movie before or after - and all seem to have little idea of ​​what's going on, pause to remember lines and have all the information. conviction of a paper bag. The director goes through the material in a slow rhythm with this horrible piano music growing here and there in things that are supposed to be scary. It takes us a bit before we get a couple of murders by the creature's friends, but by that time I did not care. The murders are also not convincing, and truth be told that the whole movie looks like someone through him together on his friends' farm, with people and things around. Having said all that, the ending has some scary aspects, though we have not learned anything about why Rosalie is so or, more importantly, who is the creature with cheap masks. Cheap does not even begin to describe the budget here with. It is basically a couple of old houses and some sheds at the end and of course the forest. Someone loaned the director some old cars as well. No special effect of any kind and only minimal makeup. There are so many laughs / ridiculous moments to list, but I'll just list a few here that at least made me laugh at the lack of aptitude of the creative powers involved: 1) Watch the gardener's body well after being "dead." Len comes in and sees you slain and you can see his fat belly stirring with life. 2) the scene of death at the end, where the actress who plays Rosalie is dead. She seems to be listening to instructions and takes her sweet time dying considering the method. 3) How about the guy who plays Roaslie's dad giving us a cranky Andy Griffith of the poor man? The scene in which he is laughing about the dying Boy Scouts was a strange whistle. The kid really is a really bad movie and it's really bad even for the 70's cheese standards if you want. This is not a B movie but more like a Z movie with producer Harry Novak making some money on virtually nothing.
