The first Home Alone was a decent enough film ... the sequel was pretty much the same, in a new setting. This tries to be original, and achieves to some extent ... of course, the formula is basically the same, so it's like watching the same movie for the third time with a slightly altered plot. The new score is pretty bad (although the new piece of "scenario traps" is at least interesting and different), especially in comparison to the great score of the first and the quasi-but-not-so-good score of the second . He (almost) makes up for using a good non-original song, but it's not the same thing. The plot is fair and somewhat original to the franchise, but it's still basically the same movie as the first two, with worse acting and a less impressive example of the 'scary character becoming good'. The acting is mostly expressionless. The characters are mostly caricatures. New thieves are less fun than the old ones (and make fun of espionage stuff, which is almost criminal, given the limited amount of good spy movies there are, and how precious few of them are cool). The fact that there are more of them (and therefore more pitfalls) is just a weak attempt to try to go higher than the first two films ... and that does not work. The idea behind the thieves and their mission is a bit ... adult and serious for a children's movie (and there was one or two sexual jokes, though not the first time in the series). It is also unnecessarily complex, as is the plot in general. I could go on, but I doubt a child could. Some of the exhibits are delivered so obviously that even children may find this stupid. Animal material is generally not fun. There are fewer siblings, which means that those who are there develop more but have less personality than the less characteristic of those in the first two films. All in all, not just particularly good, or worth watching, unless you * really * love watching criminals get hurt in cartoon violence. I recommend this to the big fans of the series only. 3/10
