This was one of those movies that had a ton of play in the airwaves in the early 1970s, usually in "4am Movie" or once, at 7:30 PM "Channel 6 Big Movie" and yet another in Creature Double Feature. Local channels used to shoot movies as part of their local programming (most went today in favor of business hours) It was the era. Some rented Abbott and Costello (Frankie Ray and Robert Ball) are in a platoon of soldiers (half a dozen men in remains of the Survivor Army) who are sent on field trips to investigate a strange radiation, and end up finding aliens. They first enter Bronson Canyon for what would later be the famous Batcave in Batman, and find the remains of a dead "carrot monster". Later, in the cave, they are chased by a living carrot creature - basically a black suit and papier maché head with shiny things and ping-pong ball eyes. Two complete nerds, Ray and Ball, are caught and wake up tied to tables and are being "scanned" by the space amazons - Dr Poona (who is not kidding!) And Professor Tanga who are incredibly gorgeous and even more in their tiny bikini . "uniforms". We were too young at the time, to realize which scenarios of slavery and fetish later this scene of "examination" more than would suggest. It turns out that the two girls and their carrot monster are stranded on the ground with a well-hidden ship and trying to return to their world. <br /> <br /> The film was made as a total comedy with varying degrees of taste, but remember this was the time when Eric Von Zipper and his film crew Frankie and Annette were the height of the film B, drive-in comedy. So it seemed natural to jump on the bandwagon for a few quick bucks. <br /> <br /> For some reason I just thought I had imagined seeing this movie to begin with. No, I really did see that. And when it was released on DVD "restored", I was sure in my memory. The comedy goes from slightly funny to just stupid, but whatever. The budget is nonexistent, what, it's a small miracle when you think about it, it's still done and we can talk about a "restored" version here and now, more than 40 years later. The reward is the girls who want to learn about "love" and "kiss" and the result is the nerds - that we all were - to win the girls and love win. It's just silly and silly and for the locals, it has a nostalgic meaning.
