Apparently, Shakespeare is equal to a tall eyebrow, which amounts to a group of people who do not see something for what it really is. At one point in the movie, someone (I think Pacino's producer) warns that the movie is going out of the way, which has already been about how masses think about Shakespeare through RICHARD III's vehicle. Instead, he decides to shoot a play with random comments scattered everywhere. Some scenes seemed to be included as home movies for Al (was there really any reason for the quick visit to Shakespeare's birthplace, plus a chuckle about something unexpected that happens there?), And, even before the movie started, we are treated to see Al prance around and act cute and funny to the camera. I thought his silly act with Kay near the end of Godforth III with the knife in the throat was an act - but apparently it's how Al really behaves himself. <br /> <br /> Enough to ramble. Here's a backbone of why I did not even 3/4 of the way through this: 1) Conceited - Al always knows when the camera is in it, whether it's acting like Richard or in a 'real' conversation with someone - you you can see in the corner of the eye, too, some of the actors around the test table loosen and harden to the extreme. If anyone reading this has spent some time with a group of actors and witnessed this sort of thing on the outside, it's unbearable. "Look at me, chewing the whole scene!" 2) Winona Ryder. When she appears as Lady Anne, this film reaches an unbearable point, from which it never recovers. She has nothing to add in the discussion scenes, but the camera takes time to bring the children. Your performance is terrible, to boot. 3) The only things that you really learn from this are told to you by the scholars themselves that the filmmakers are trying to keep out of the picture. Of course, you also learn that Pacino should not be directing movies (or doing Richard in the first place). I'd rather watch BOBBY DEERFIELD than that. <br /> <br /> Finally, read the piece and learn it for yourself. Get out and see this. In 1997, I saw the play performed at the Ethnic Cultural Theater of the University of Washington, and this made what we see in this film resembled a high school drama (with the exception of Clarence's free throat! All is just a lot of sound and fury, meaning nothing.
