Syriana swept the critics after the release and everything seemed to be talking about it. I suppose it's one of those movies that is intensely clever ... so clever that I think you need to be well versed in the oil industry and a politically brilliant mind. I do not consider myself to be unintelligent, I've been studying politics since I was a teenager and I enjoy a clever film, but most of the time, unless it's a documentary, movies are mostly fun and have a message. Syriana tried to be strictly intelligent and made some people move away. I'd go so far as to say that those who get excited about it and insist it's a 10/10 are lying because they think they're getting better. This movie was the most confusing, senseless and meaningless dribble I've seen in a while ... Especially considering critical acclaim, the Oscar nods and the cast. Writer Stephen Gaghan disappointed me once more. His terribly written Havoc preceded this movie and I think he's just trying too hard. I can not believe you were offered the opportunity to write the script for the Da Vinci Code. In addition, Gaghan directed the film that made an absolute mess. I had no idea who it was, because things were happening, who was who and what was what. It was a disaster. <br /> <br /> Because I really do not know who it was, I can only mention the actors and what I thought about their performances, because despite the horrendously complicated script, the actors did everything right. George Clooney plays C.I.A. field agent and killer I think ?? Bob Barnes. Clooney has never been one of my favorites, but lately he has managed some decent performances and that seemed to be a good performance on his part. Barnes was a complex character with a sordid history and if I knew what was happening to him, I really would have liked his character. Matt Damon plays Bryan Woodman and he is rather bland and always looks like a deer in the headlights so I can understand his confusion after reading this script and then trying to accomplish it. Amanda Peet plays her wife and she does well in the few scenes she is given. Christopher Plummer makes an appearance as someone doing something. I like Plummer and I love to see him show up even if he does not succeed. <br /> <br /> The cast is intense if the story makes sense. I'd like to cite the plot description on IMDb. "A missile disappears in Iran, but the CIA has other problems: the emirate's heir makes an oil contract for China, cutting off a US company that sacks its immigrant workers and merges with a small company that has signed a contract with Kazakhstan. " The Justice Department suspects bribery, and the oil company's law firm finds a scapegoat. The CIA also needs one when the conspiracy to kill the Emir-apparent fails. Agent Bob Barnes, the hick, separates the cross double. economist seizes his son's death on a contract to advise the sheikh the CIA wants to kill. Unemployed Pakistanis join a fundamentalist group. All roads start and end at the oil fields. Syriana may be the movie of the thinking man, but I was bored to tears and no matter how hard I tried to keep it, I finally gave up and turned it off after an hour and a half and you could not have bribed me enough to take me Finish this.I suppose if you want to form an opinion of what by all means watch but I promise you that someone looking for entertainment or a nice movie will be sleeping in the first half hour.
