Wha-BAM! Someone certainly had fun gobbling up a truck full of sour mushrooms and then scripted that crazy excuse for a movie! Writer Howard Cohen expands the concept of "Sword & Sorcery" with a couple of extra S's, such as Sex, Silliness, (more) Sex and Sheer Stupidity! This is not just a movie, it's the dream of all the perverted youths and fantasies that come true! "Death Stalker" has it all: blood, violence, trolls, mud fight, rape attempt, successful rape, life-size pigs (!), Horrible hairdos, horribly oily muscled bodies, multi-sexual orgies, gay warriors , tournaments-to-the-death, delirious witches, break up, ridiculous villains and boobs, breasts, BOOOOOOOOOBIES !! "Deathstalker" literally cleans the floor with its obvious "Conan: The Barbarian" model when it comes to tacky terms and pure extravagance. The story is, of course, of lesser importance. Lonely and gay (only he does not know yet) Deathstalker warrior goes on a mission, as commanded by a boring witch, to bring together the three notorious elements of creation? or something like this. In his journey he combines strength with a troll who has become human, a fighter who is even more gay than him and - last but not least - a delightful woman who does not seem to be a great support for the concept of bra. Together, they head to the evil kingdom of Munkar, where they participate in a tournament of warriors and win no less than two of the three elements. Munkar is a bald guy with half a spider web tattooed on his skull and an impressive harem that would make even the sheikh of the richest jealous oil. Okay, granted, "Deathstalker" is a very horrible movie and sometimes even unbearable. The fight sequences are thighs and the costumes and makeup effects are downright pitiful. For a moment, upon seeing the opening sequence, I really feared that I was watching "Troll; the Prequel." The monsters seem incredibly extravagant and completely opposite as menacing, but it's undeniable entertainment if you're in a fussy mood. I presume this is not a favorite among feminists, since the general portrayal of women is somewhat discriminatory. Most girls serve purely as eye candy in the harem. They are allowed to crawl across the floor naked and play in the mud, but strictly forbidden to open their mouths. The two "leading" ladies (Barbi Benton and Lana Clarkson) are sweeping, but - in all honesty - if it were not for their continually exposed shelves, it would hardly be worth mentioning as well.
