I was looking at a Hollywood video last night with a friend trying to find a good-looking horror movie to watch over the New Year's weekend. As I peered through the shelves, "Severed" located my eye, and I picked it up on the shelf and looked like it would be a decent B-series horror film. The cover looked reasonably good. The plot sounded semi-interesting. So I rented it. What a mistake. Do not be fooled by the cover, which really looks decent. I'm thinking that more money was spent on the cover than in the movie itself. The film follows two police detectives who are tracking a voodoo-inspired serial killer called "The Head Hunter," who is decapitating left and right victims in some unnamed city (probably Los Angeles), and they are drawn to his world ritualized murder. <br /> <br /> Is the sound of the story a little good? Well, yeah, and this movie might have been kind of decent. But good God, it was bad! Almost everything was laughable. The opening scene shows a redheaded actress in a car trying to talk in this huge and outdated phone, and for some reason she goes out and talks to a guy. Then a shadow comes up behind them, cuts off his head, and the girl falls to the ground and starts crawling (for absolutely no reason) as she tries to dial 911. Does it look ridiculous? Yes, you bet it is. The entire movie seems to have been filmed on a VHS-quality camera, and I'm assuming it was. The acting was largely horrible, and the special effects were far from believable. And the scenes with the cops on the phone were horrible - the voice on the other line echoed and it looked like it was being taped in someone's bathroom. Everything about this movie was simply amateurish and tedious, and it did not interest me for long, and I often found myself bored and tired, mainly because of the bad acting and horrible cinematography. The pace was bad. Everything was just plain bad. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Severed" is a failed attempt at what could have been a decent B movie. The plot was good and I think if this movie had been better treated and had a bigger budget, it could have been good. But this movie fell flat on the floor. If you are expecting something semi-decent, you will be very disappointed. Only recommended if you can tolerate horror films of grade D. Otherwise, you will probably want to stay away from this junk straight into the video. It had a small potential, but it was beyond a mess. 1/10
