Woosh ??! Men?? What can I say ...? <br /> <br /> The opening scene, perhaps? We see a bunch of mogul-barbarians with bad makeup jumping off the walls of some ruins. They sneak and attack a guy with a captive girl with little clothing. The guy runs away, the Mongoloids follow him and one of them is apparently behind to rape the girl, but instead he exposes one of her breasts and kidnaps her. Then the guy (still running) sees a horse and tries to steal it. Suddenly?? A hero looking like a blond god with a bad wig appears, saying "This is my horse!". The Mighty Deathstalker has just appeared. The mongoloids arrive, the Death Stalker kills all of them (including the guy) in the songs of some improper westerns of Mexicans (this is a Swords & Witchcraft movie, so what about the 'trompett'?), And then goes to Captive Girl and exposes both breasts. He starts rubbing them and the Captive Girl seems to like it. She begins to like your lips and caress Deathstalker. Just as they are about to reach him, this old man appears, interrupting what could have been the end of a perfect day for Deathstalker (and a possible perfect ending to a short film). <br /> <br /> Now tell me ?? Is not that the point at which a feminist would go angrily turn off the movie, or any other male viewer would say "This is going to be a great movie!" The storyline is as simple as playing a counter kitten: The Death Stalker must obtain the Sword of Justice and use it to steal the Life Amulet and Magic Chalice from the evil sorcerer Munkar. <br /> In addition to beheadings, break-up, random bloodshed, delayed fist fights and embarrassing sword fights, this movie also contains a huge amount of t & ts t & ts $$. Initially I wanted to add an extra point to this movie for every free dose of bare breasts that I could count on. After 9 points (not even halfway through the movie), I had to give up telling. This was distracting me from the rest of the movie. And the rest of the movie was worth it. Totally crazy stuff. Check out this mutant / worm-like creature Munkar has as a pet and feeds his eyes and fingers. And here's an interesting question: what would you do if a man in a woman's body walks into your room and tries to kill you with a knife? The answer is simple: you slap it, take the knife and try to rape it. Then you find out that he is not really a woman, so you throw him out of bed and tell him to leave his room. This works well, I tell you. The Death Stalker too, and the Death Stalker's Way, is the right way! <br /> <br /> DEATHSTALKER is a wonderful movie, actually as pointed out in other reviews. The villains are vis. Women are delicious. There is blood, sex, violence, rape, and tasty chicken. There is a completely meaningless tournament, which features only a bunch of barbarians hitting, hacking and hacking each other. My favorite weapon used in that tournament was a gigantic wooden hammer, used to defeat a weak candidate for bloody pulp. And my favorite contender, no doubt, was the brutal one with the head of Warthog (reminiscent of the Gamorrean Guardians of RETURN OF THE JEDI). I'm not going to reveal how the film ends, but just get ready to enjoy it when I say that a 4-way breakup is played at the climax of the movie. <br /> <br /> And of course there is a wonderful display of ineptitude throughout the entire film. See a guy being dragged behind a horse by a dirt road, and the next point of view shows him being dragged by the grass (no road). Note that the striking tattoo on the wizard's head magically changes sides in the same scene (the picture on the left side of the head, the other on the right). Well, after all, Munkar is a wizard. That's it, or this movie was filmed in an alternate universe where things like "continuity" simply do not exist. <br /> <br /> As much as I liked it and as much as I'm looking forward to the other 3 installments in this series, I have enough bits of decency in me not to let this movie go by. I am prepared, however, to give the maximum amount of minimum points, just so I might be able to deduce a few more points for the possibly lower sequences to follow. DEATHSTALKER can be a superbly fun, contemptible and despicable CONAN fun, it's also an abominable movie.
