This film is another attempt by director Tim Burton to capitalize on a family title to bring his "vision" to the screen. He did it with 'Batman', 'Sleepy Hollow' and now this. This is not a remake. The only thing that has in common with the original is that it has apes that can speak (and Charleton Heston makes a special participation). Burton reconstituted the whole story, thinning it for today's mass audience. <br /> <br /> The original Planet of the Apes was a product of its time. During the 1960s, America was struggling to redefine its civilization. It was a turbulent time of soul-searching and rethinking social norms. It was the era of civil rights in which groups considered inferior required to be treated as equals. In this context, POTA was allegorical, reflecting the philosophical whirlwind confronted by the day's hearings. POTA was an extremely clever film that tackled difficult issues and elegantly kept the oppressions of American society under scrutiny, making the white man justify his intelligence to a species he considered inferior. The dialectic between Colonel Taylor (Charleton Heston), Dr. Cornelius (Roddy McDowall) and Dr. Zira (Kim Hunter) was thought of as provocative and clever with subtle and obvious ironies. <br /> <br /> The Burton version is as a product of today's times as POTA was from the sixties. This is Apes for Dummies. It is superficial and trivial, substituting politically correct platitudes for intelligent dialogues and focusing more on form than substance. The final 'surprise' is totally incongruous and does not contribute anything to the film, except a moment of suspense that sets the sequence. While the original POTA's ending graciously put it all together into one powerful scene, Burton's end simply mocks the audience, insulting, "I know something you do not know, and you're going to have to wait for the sequel to find out. technical perspective, as is always the case with Burton's film, the film is excellent.The makeup is fantastic and Burton's camera work is excellent (although I continue to dislike his somber look) .Thirty-three years of advances in prosthetic makeup can not make up for the slyly empty script. <br /> <br /> The story was reduced to a movie of monsters. Humans unite behind Captain Davidson (Mark Wahlberg) to fight the monsters Monkeys, aided and encouraged by some turncoats (especially Helena Bonham Carter as Ari). The presentation is stereotypical and simplistic with much violence, perfect for today's fast food mentality. it is mixed. Mark Wahlberg is a great actor who just does not have that role. Walberg is excellent at playing dark and dark characters who are tormented but strong. This part requires an inspiring hero, a profile that is not in Wahlberg's repertoire. Helena Bonham Carter is a brilliant actor whose character is so far below her capacity that the disconnect is laughable. She tries desperately to do something with the fragile character, but her interpretation appears as a cross between a peace demonstrator in college and a sick teenager. <br /> <br /> So there's Tim Roth. His virtuoso performance, alone, saving the film from total ruin. Roth is devilishly hateful as the malevolent General Thade. He creates one of the vilest and meanest villains I can remember at some point. In addition, his physical performance is superlative, making a chimpanzee man a fusion so perfect that one can almost believe that the species exists. <br /> <br /> This movie is a big disappointment. It's decent entertainment as long as you check your brain at the door. I rated a 3/10. From a technical perspective, it's much better than that, maybe a 9/10. However, the story is an insult to the original franchise. It's just another Burton self-adulation attempt, using a familiar title to draw crowds into the box office, so that many people can see what a genius he is. Of course it's true, but it would be great if he used this talent to produce substantial films, rather than simple popes formulated for mass consumption.
