If there's one thing that bothers me the most about watching a bad movie, it's about seeing it done by seasoned filmmakers who should know better. This "re-imagining" of the Planet of the Apes could have used some imagination, let alone the essentials of character development. Nova, the girl from the original Planet of the Apes, was a better-developed character than Daena in this version, for all she does not say a single word. Of course, much better was expected of Tim Burton, a man who until now had combined an incredible visual imagination with intelligence, intelligence and humor, which were notably absent from this production. <br /> There were problems in the basic plot development. The first big mistake was to allow humans to speak. This was the fundamental difference between the monkeys and the men that made all the difference in the original movie. Even when he was dumb, his ability to communicate was what showed Heston's Taylor as different from other humans. In the current film, Mark Wahlberg encourages human (speaker) slaves to revolt, but there is no overwhelming reason for them not to revolt and have regained their emancipation. They are skillful users of tools and have the ability to communicate to form plans, something that dumb humans can not do. You do not need a man to fall from the stars to save you. In fact, as it comes from a technological civilization and is in a pre-technological era without (at first) no apparatus to help it, it is Wahlberg who should be at a disadvantage, not the humans who are accustomed to living there. <br /> <br /> It was sad to see Helena Bonham Carter working so hard to generate some kind of spark between her and that unbranded brick wall Mark Wahlberg. His best scenes were with villain Tim Roth. <br /> <br /> The humans were practically ignored until they were needed in the third act, at which time Daena began to show some real interest in Davidson (Wahlberg), and a young man suddenly changed the scenery to a freedom fighter. This was a poor character development. (Estella Warren, in particular, seemed to have been capable of much more than the screenplay). Wahlberg's perplexity in the end about what these humans see in him was certainly shared by me, since he rarely interacted with humans. The makeup was great for males, particularly for Michael Clarke Duncan, who has incredibly expressive eyes (and that's why he was so good at The Monkeys.) Green Mile), and the makeup design allowed him to wear them completely. But the females of the monkeys did not look anything on earth, neither monkey nor human. The downsides were the monkey jumps that seemed as realistic as the Flash Gordon rocket: the jumping monkeys looked like they'd just been fired from a catapult, not the least graceful of genuine monkeys. Second, the poor mix of sounds - when gorillas roar, is clearly nicknamed some animal, probably feline, making them sound ridiculous and unrealistic. In the original film, the various "human" things the apes do and say are treated as light relief ("I've never met a monkey I did not like." "Human see, human do ! "). Here, monkeys speak just as natural as twenty-first-century humans, and there's no humor in it. The only genuinely original idea was Ari writing with his feet. <br /> <br /> Nothing made me shudder more than the moment "V-Ger of Star Trek" near the end of the movie. First of all, the monkeys had apparently been able to read Roman letters in the distant past, so they would know the name of the Forbidden Zone in its partially hidden form. Secondly, the mysterious inscription that gives the name is only covered in sand, which Wahlberg simply pushes away, something that any monkey could have done centuries ago. This moment was, to me, much worse than the much criticized end of the film. <br /> <br /> Things of this nature, however, are typical of most science fiction films today. In the 1960s and 1970s, they generally had no budget for compelling futuristic scenarios, but they dealt with genuinely original themes and ideas that were truly science fiction. I'm thinking of 2001: A Space Odyssey, the 1967 Planet of the Apes, THX1138, Soylent Green, Silent Running, and Solaris, 1972. The first Planet of the Apes used the only scientifically valid and physically possible method of advancing in time. However, this film includes virtually all bad science fiction clichés: space storms, anomalies and wormholes right from Star Trek; the planets of the solar system and their moons seemingly all visible as large globes (in reality, from any planet, all other bodies, even their own moons, are only points of light); a conventional rocket-propelled rocket traveling from Saturn to Earth in a matter of minutes instead of years; two-thousand-year-old equipment firing and working fully the minute the hero presses the button. Not to mention a conveniently insulated bulletproof glass door. In a contemporary setting, you would have to explain * why * it was bulletproof, but because it is "science fiction" you do not have to! <br /> <br /> Overall, Burton's most disappointing film.
