Spoiler warning ?? although I think this was spoiled coming out of the can ?? It's hard to imagine that a movie with these stars, from that studio, made in that period, could be so bad, but it is. It's the biggest flaw in the movie, by far, that just does not make the slightest sense. The wealthy widower, American aristocrat Penn Gaylord, leaves his little daughter "in charge" and goes to World War I where he is killed. So we move on to the present day (1942) and total confusion. The three sisters are in court, where they say they've spent the last twenty years, and an idiot named Barclay is trying to take their house away from them. This is just the beginning of an endless series of unanswered questions that comprise the script, more holes than The Warren Report. What happened to the Gaylord fortune? If the will is worth half a billion, why did the family house go from an opulent palace to the Munsters' house? Who the hell is this Barclay clown? And why can he take someone's house away from them? The questions just pile up on more questions. The normally friendly and charming George Brent is playing Barclay, who is inexplicably a complete asshole in the world, taking what the heck he wants, no matter who he belongs and no blunt twinge; but no one but Fiona (Barbara Stanwick) seems particularly unlike this jerk. Because? None of these questions is answered. Instead, we just follow Fiona's life from one train crash to another, the evil Barclay takes away her home, her fortune and even her son. What does she do? Shoot him? Put it on the fire? No, of course. In a completely improbable involvement, this woman, who is just an earlier romantic engagement with Barclay, was, except for the technicality of the marriage, rape, suddenly decides in the middle of the sentence (literally) that she does not hate him, she loves him. And they will live happily ever after. Suddenly, for no reason in the world, this feminine model of independence and authority is turned into a helpless nonsense commonly found in the films of the time. Yes, of course, steal everything in the world that belongs to me and I will fall in love with you. On what planet does this happen? I can only guess why I've never heard of this movie before catching it on Turner is that he was as lost in the contemporary audience as it is today.
