I wish more movies would last two hours. On the other hand, I wish that more films of the American Civil War were MERELY two hours long. "Gone with the Wind", "Gettysburg" - that's the size I expected; although these two at least had fun for how many hours they lasted; and even "Gettysburg" lasted as long as because things HAPPENED on the way. <br /> <br /> In contrast, Ang Lee's film is swollen and uncomplicated. In fact, it seems to take less than two hours. This was not a compliment. It is not really different from any other form of sensory deprivation: at the moment it seems that it will never end, then it seems that it did not take long. <br /> <br /> The movie starts off wrong as Lee plays his endless credits on the opening filming (bad cheating) in which we are introduced to some characters we take an instant dislike for and will come to loathe later . The two main ones are Jake, son of German immigrants who are loyal supporters of Lincoln, and Jack, an equally convinced Southerner, whose values ​​Jake shares. (I had to re-read the sentence to make sure I had not written "Jack" instead of "Jake" at some point or vice versa). The two go out to become "bushwhackers" - southern militia who so strongly covet revenge and violence that they can not even bother joining the official southern army, which I think they think is for sissies. I'm afraid Lee lost me right there. It is easy to feel for characters who make moral mistakes: if we have some independent reason to like them, or as if we know them in some way, then their moral failures can make us take care of them even more. Not so here. We are not properly presented to Jake for at least an hour; when we are, it is clear that he is a dull spine of a man, who is not a confederate by choice, but out of habit - the kind of person who says and does what everyone around them says and does, whose psychology is purely imitative. . The people with whom he associates are either just the same or positively bad in some way uninteresting. I found myself clapping whenever the northern cavalry appeared on the screen. I thought: good - kill the rebels, end the damn war, let me go home. <br /> <br /> To aggravate this problem is the horrible and horrible dialogue. Everyone speaks with the same Southern accent whimpering. I've heard accents from all over the English-speaking world and this is the worst of them all. I do not care if Southerners really do talk like that, it's just not fair to ask an audience to listen for two hours. And believe me, we've listened to him for the whole couple of hours: Lee's picture is a lot of fun, largely because the characters take so long to say what they mean by their clumsy lines, say it all-three times. It would help if they talked faster, but not much. Can not these people find a more efficient language to communicate with? <br /> <br /> In short: the film is small, but a gallery of uniformly uninteresting characters with no inner life, who speak in an offensively ugly way. speaks, do not bathe often enough, for whom nothing of interest happens, even though they are involved in a war. Good points? Jewel was cool to see, and the scenery too. But I have complaints even here. Cinematography, well framed, gave the impression that someone had mistakenly replaced the colored film by black and white; and as for Jewel, we played with her body, but we never allowed her to contemplate him, which I think is the least we should have.
