** SPOILERS ** This was an ugly movie, and I'm sorry for watching. Like Jan Kounen's Dobermann, he suffers mostly from bad editing - or from lack of it. It's as if the director was so passionate about his work that instead of cutting the film in a rhythm that caught his attention, he added all the footage he recorded together. There are maybe two cool scenes throughout the movie. One of them is * SPOILER * when Benkei is petrified and the camera begins to spin around him. That was cool - but alright, we did it! Go ahead, please! The camera will not stop spinning around that face! There are perhaps one or two cooler scenes I've forgotten in this deluge of mediocrity, but the last dueling scene is not one of them! It may be because, unlike previous scenes of sword manipulation, Shanao is not masked - but just because the director could not find a stuntman who looked a bit like Asano Tadanobu does not give him the right to go ahead and make 80 years . % of the sword fight with extreme close-ups of clashes with swords! And all from the same angle, I can add. The director must learn from the ninja movie produced in the US in 1995, "The Hunted! I personally saw the scene of the attack in the village as a tribute paid to the social activists of the previous generation who were confronted by the police in the violent demonstrations of their college years. The situation in which innocence is oppressed by an authoritarian and armed branch of government that it is unwilling to understand seems to be a common message in the Japanese media due to the strong influence of socialists and communists who are a political minority. The cinematic versions of GTO and Salary Man Kintaro are two other recent examples * END SPOILER * I do not understand. I just do not understand why people who do not speak the language of the film find praise in this material. Perhaps the worst has been lost in the translation. <br /> <br /> The finale of the film - about which marketing played a lot, is a different interpretation of the legendary encounter between Shanao and Benkei. But this legend is not the most popular in Japanese folklore, and is so detached from contemporary themes, that after 138 minutes of much touted visual techniques, who cares how the director wants to reinterpret the story? Crazy Lips director Sasaki Hirohisa said there was an unpleasant tendency among new Japanese directors to ignore Japanese audiences and target their films to foreign film festivals - in order to gain international fame faster. This works, although it does not make sense, because the purpose of an international film festival is to present to the world what kind of films are being made in other countries - what kinds of movies people watch in those countries. Certainly not Gojoe and the like.
