Well, where do you start? I think I can start with the general complaint about how this movie is marketed. Call me ignorant for not knowing about Schneebaum's book before seeing the documentary that was based off of him and deciding that I've been living under some kind of rock, but do not blame me for picking this movie from the title and the movie. The description on the box makes no observation of the fact that this "documentary" is actually a companion to the said book. Yes, I felt a bit stupid after watching this little movie, since the reason I sat down to watch it, first of all, was to get a good chunk of a "Modern Cannibal Tale." I mean, am I a fool to expect that this movie really covers most of its history about the behavior of cannibalism in the jungle tribes? I certainly did not expect an hour and forty-five minutes of an old old man kissing his own butt whimpering over every detail of his monotonous, worn-out life. I certainly did not expect the insipid direction, and most notably, I did not imagine myself laughing so much at Tobias Schneebaum and all his glory. Schneebaum is really nasty. The old man just ramble and bitches the whole movie making the whole picture a personal story of him, even though he's not even such an interesting character to fill a story. Seriously? Was he a cannibal? Ninety percent of the film is focused on almost nothing about Schneebaum's dirty past. The only time we actually see any cannibal action is when Tobias finally breaks his little silent treatment about what happened to him in Peru and says he had "a little piece." That's it folks. Ninety minutes later bull and Tobias Schneebaum is a cannibal by three inches. It's like calling a movie "The Life of a True Don Juan" just to see that the only time the protagonist of the movie did something sexual happened during college when he played "just the tip." Unbelievable. <br /> <br /> The direction is, in fact, superbly hideous, since there is no flow or rhythm to the story being told. Okay, I understand that I have not read the volume of Schneebaum before seeing your celluloid tale, but I can still recognize a bad rhythm and an even worse edition. One minute Schneebaum is talking about cruise ships and sightseeing and the next he's going about how he can not drive and then jumps to talk about some dead relative or some flaw and miserable saga in his life. I mean, Jesus, you can at least beat the story behind the first part; follow up with some things covering your homosexuality and then end up with a healthy look on your visit to Peru? Besides, I do not much care for Schneebaum's insipid jokes about life and life, but at least I beg the old man to be consistent with his ramblings. If I hear a guy talking about how he prefers life in the jungle, I do not expect him to suddenly complain and regret about wanting to go home twenty minutes later. Absurd. <br /> <br /> Another note about direction is the random clips of the story for the small little television appearances in which our hero appeared. While some may find the clips to be short pauses in the story, the director overused the trick and broke his entire movie into pieces apparently trying to put most of the efforts of telling the story into the old scrolls. <br /> <br /> The main point here is that Tobias Schneebaum is a fraud. Pure and simple. I know I have not read the book yet, but I am still insisting on the argument that this film is totally useless in noting that a good movie should be worth it. This documentary is too much based on the assumption that the viewer is already an avid fan of Schneebaum's work and instead follows this assumption as a supplemental disk found on a DVD. Schneebaum is at once arrogant and malicious, striking a sour combination when mixed with the fact that his story is remarkably impetuous. If you are looking for a solid piece about the nature of humans and cannibalism, move away because "Keep the river to your right" is a hilarious self-satisfaction speech about a man who is too late for a straight jacket and a gag.
