Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy had extensive (separate) careers before joining. For many of Ollie's pre-Stan films, he was announced onscreen as Babe Hardy ... and throughout his adult life, Hardy was known to his friends as "Babe." While touring post-war England with Laurel in an act of Bernard Delfont, Hardy gave an interview to journalist John McCabe, in which he explained the origin of this nickname: early in his career, Hardy waxed with a gay hairdresser who He pressed Hardy's chubby cheeks (his face) and said, "Good baby!" Hardy's co-workers began to cry 'Babe', and the nickname got it. <br /> <br /> Although much of Hardy's work with the pre-Laurel is very interesting - notably his comedic roles in supporting Larry Semon and Chaplin's imitator Billy West - his teamwork with Billy Ruge (who? ) in a series of low budget shorts for the Vim Comedy Film Company is really terrible. Hardy and Ruge received the screen names Plump and Runt: names that are unpleasant on their own, but aggravated because Ruge (although lower than Hardy) is not especially a nanico. Seen here, Hardy looks a lot like his early Hal Roach films with Laurel ... but without the skewers and the mustache demanding. "One More Thing," an absolutely typical Plunt and Epic Runt, is completely bland ... and its character is all the more remarkable by the fact that this movie has exactly the same premise as "That's My Wife, "one of the most hilarious films of Laurel and Hardy. Plump (Hardy) is the star boarder in a boarding house run by a tall, clumsy landlady. Runt (Ruge) is the doorman. Gordo receives a letter from his wealthy Uncle John, whose dosh he hopes to inherit. His uncle comes to see him and meet Plump's wife and baby. There is only one problem: the chubby has no wife or baby. He's lying to his uncle to look like a family man. Now, of course, Plump hopes Runt will find a wife and baby in the short term. Of course, the results are disastrous. It would be nice if those disastrous results were funny, but they are not. Most of the dull humor here is just an empty antics, with characters resolving their arguments by pushing each other into bathtubs. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS. The director of Vim, Will Louis (who?), Shows no instinct for framing the camera: the actress who plays the owner is significantly taller than Hardy, and Louis always mounts his photos so that his head is off the frame . This can be funny if done on purpose, but it is simply inept. At one point in this bad comedy, an extremely dull gag is looming over the horizon as Runt approaches a black washerwoman. "Surely they would not budge to laugh," I thought. But they do. Runt steals the woman's black child and tries to conceal it as Plump's progeny. <br /> <br /> Somehow, Plump gets the cradle of a baby, but he still does not have a baby. With Uncle John climbing the stairs, fat Runt recruits for childhood. This joke may have worked with a dwarf, or even a life-size actor like Chester Conklin, but Billy Ruge is only slightly below average. The impersonation of a baby's Ruge is neither believable nor funny, and Uncle John would have to be a complete idiot to fall in love with him. Surprisingly, it does! The most notable aspect of "One Too Many" is a brief appearance - apparently its only appearance in the movies - by Madelyn Saloshin, Oliver Hardy's first wife. The marriage was not happy, though Hardy's marital problems had never reached the epic proportions of Stan Laurel. <br /> <br /> Only one thing in this movie impressed me. There is a very brief flashback sequence, with Hardy reminiscent of his seaside romance with a bathing beauty. In 1916, there was still no standard movie grammar to broadcast flashbacks: the one shown here is done simply and gracefully. Too bad that this movie has no other merits. 'One Too Many' is definitely too much of a film on Oliver Hardy's resume, and I'll rate this film at just one point in 10. Laurel and Hardy together are definitely a lot funnier than any of them separately.
