was a simpler time (the seventies), a simpler place (San Francisco) where a man could make a simple movie about a psychotic drug, the re-crucifixion of Christ as a woman in acid with endless sequences of dreams and inter cuts flashbacks, despite having interracial multiracial orgies, regardless of financial liabilities or moral repercussions. <br /> <br /> This tedious, slow, boring film is the worst example of the kind of pretentious school of art school passed as art in the mid-70's. And I love it! Once this train wrecks endless slow motion zooms and heavy echo chamber acidic guitar reverbs reverberate, you can not take your eyes off it until the ridiculous and absurd end. is the kind of cross between the star of Jesus Christ, plus the valley of the dolls, and a very bad acid trip with their parents on a waterbed. is both a fascinating train wreck and also a great snapshot of the worst (or best) elements of the 1970s psychedelic film genre. <br /> <br /> The plot. <br /> <br /> I will tell you the plot because you will hardly be able to tell what is happening due to the constant flashbacks edited for events that may or may not have happened with characters that may or may not be themselves, and the face painted hippie freak "Logan" is a really annoying iconoclastic filmmaker who yells at people and is surrounded by a film crew almost always silent. always shedding acid and having what appear to be really bad orgies. Richard Dreyfus has an auxiliary role as what appears to be the accountant. the film crew seems to hate it for some reason and erupt into maniacal laughter, perhaps to torment it. "Suzanne," the title character is a slender blonde who rises slowly into space and comforts the totally insane "artist" character. "the artist" is going completely crazy, by the way. whether of his abused acting or the incredible horror of his paintings. all, of course, Susanne's terrible nudes. there are some other characters that appear randomly, a cigar chewing the character "man". who is also all hot for Suzanne I guess. He has a monologue. I really could not figure out what he had to do with the story except that everyone had to hate "the man" back then and you could not make a movie without one. There is also a dumb girl. the mute girl paid in the end trusts me, is incredibly stupid.
