Dumb dumb on the second coming of Christ in the form of a hippie and albino looking Sandra Locke. You have no idea what's going on on the screen with the annoying theme song "Suzanne" being played over and over throughout the movie until "Suzanne's Second Coming" is over, you already know that, no matter how hard you try to forget The whole thing. Logan armor film creator Jared Martin is out to make the movie of the century but it is so rude and nasty that none in the banking world is willing to fund his project. Plan to go on his own Logan then sees this couple at a seaside cafe and is fascinated with the young Suzanne, Sandra Locke, who reminds him of someone he knew in another life: Jesus Christ. <br /> <br /> Logan's assistant and all the gofer Clavius, Richard Dreyfuss, somehow getting a $ 740,000 loan from the bank to fund Logan's masterpiece, he starts working on Suzanne , flattering her with her talent as an actress to get her interest in her film. This leads Suzanne to leave her boyfriend Simon, Paul Sand, but then Simon is so depressed and feeling alone carries a gun to the mouth and blows the brain. <br /> <br /> The movie also has two movies. Little sub-plots related to this have to do with a young autistic Dorothy, Kari Avalos, who cured herself of her autism by Suzanne after everyone else in the psychiatric hospital with which she was engaged, failed. It is not known exactly what exactly Suzanne was doing at the hospital, but she seemed to be sort of orderly or voluntary there; Should this show us in the audience that she, like Jesus, could miraculously heal the sick? <br /> <br /> There is also newspaper columnist and large businessman Jackson Sinclair, Gene Barry, who appears to be going through a very difficult middle age crisis or saw a biblical vision that changed his life forever. Sinclair has sought the meaning of life as well as what is all through the film and wanted to know why there is all this suffering in the world, like this movie in which he is, and seems to have found the answer when he first laid eyes on Suzanne. Sinclair also had some sense in his head when his private driver David, Mark Rasmusser, became sick and tired of his weird and crazy hallucinations almost pulling him off a cliff in a kamikaze as a walk along the Pacific coast. The film "The Second Coming of Suzanne" continues with a series of unrelated sequences, probably to fill in or fill in at some point by the director and film editor, and then goes to the final scene in a Crucifixion like Christ on a hill as Logan has all the cameras rolling. It turns out that the deranged Logan was as excited about his masterpiece as he tried to replicate, in the helpless and tied Suzanne, the true crucifixion of Jesus Christ about two thousand years ago. <br /> <br /> It's hard to sit down. through and almost impossible to follow "Suzanne's Second Coming" puts you through the torture of the same type that Suzanne is put through through Logan and the creators of the film. The film tries to be artistic but this is just an excuse to cover up its brainless and non-existent plot and worse still the terrible and amateurish acting of everyone in it.
