96 minutes of it is cruel ... and I love the old Munster. Yes, the plot is a thing; yes the lines are banal; but whoever was in charge of it was not a fan. There is so much "intrigue" (and I use that word with great pause) that I wonder if it's an old episode of Starsky & Hutch. I lost count of the number of times I noticed that the makeup had lost a point near the collar. Refusing to acknowledge that at any time since the mid-1960s (ridiculous) the producers simply replace Marilyn & Eddie by younger actors. Why not let them grow and grow old? Adding an Addam Family-style meeting does not add to the flavor of the Halloween Party. <br /> <br /> Grandpa and Herman fly to Transylvania and return in a few hours (absurd). Sid Ceaser is the most, rather the most unbelievable character (I am including the bad robots), since he babbles an involuntary combination of scribbles and Yiddish, but claims to be a former Arab ruler. And yes, it seems that the laughing trail is missing. In fact, there are several spots where there is dead air, as if the laughter track was inserted later. The actors seem to wait on the false audience. It is not laughable; it's sad. Oh, and the best part! Yvonne DeCarlo has a line that shows how the writers and producers were out of tune. Marilyn says something like: "Where could Uncle Herman and Grandpa be? They could have been in an accident, they could have been hit by a car ... or a train!" Lily says she responds with something like, "You're Uncle Herman will be here if he has to drag himself off the train track." What is surprising about this is: Yvonne DeCarlo's husband was a stuntman in the early 1960's and lost a leg and was almost killed in a train strike. He never recovered and this financially devastated his family. (check out the fantastic review of Biography about her life and career) This line could have been easily changed to be more sensitive to it. <br /> <br /> If you are a true Munster fan then you will have to rent this mess. It illustrates how some things are best left alone. Even with the (almost) original cast, this is almost as bad as trying to redo the show a few years ago.
