To be clear from the start, 'The Bagman' is very, very, very bad. He suffers terribly in almost every aspect, except for one: the finished product is such a horrible movie that it is, in fact, hysterically funny to watch. This is a very low-grade movie. The budget constraints for the film should be obvious to anyone watching only the opening title sequence. I'm not sure if much of the humor in the movie was intentional or not. For example, the film takes place in 'Doomsville'. Note to all potential buyers: If the city you are moving to is called 'Doomsville', continue straight ahead. Stephanie Beaton is quick to take off her blouse for a sexually enthusiastic scene in the kitchen. I could not help laughing because she has intentional humor (she turns on the gas stove ... did you understand? Sex is so hot, understood?) And unintentional humor. The unintentional in this case is music. It's as if the theme song of 'Chariots of Fire' was for Electronica. Break the computer and synthesizers! I realize that creating music for a small production like this is prohibitively expensive. I really feel for them because the work here is so well-intentioned. The problem is that cheap music is not necessarily good music. I have not laughed so much about sex on the screen since 'Alone in the Dark' with that song from 'Seven Seconds' (I think they were implying that poor old Mr. Slater was a little ... fast in the draw?). Even the final credits are hilarious. Intentional or not? You're the judge: a pet dog and a cat are part of the accredited cast - and an animal organizer was on set for them! - The boom is credited to 'Mr. B. Stick ', and Wardrobe of 3rd Unit (Yes, they had a third unit) is credited to K-mart. Maybe it's just me, but I think the hilarity of it more than saves the movie. The film is very, very bad, but the goals of Stephanie Beaton, her friends and family are so well-intentioned in 'The Bagman' that you can not help liking the film they produced. 'The Bagman' is bad, but not terrible. In a sweet way, it can even be a bit catchy. He uses his faults so honestly that you can not help but forgive them. "Better" movies that try to hide the flaws are, in a way, worse. I think this is just a movie that knew who your audience was and it was produced accordingly. <br /> <br /> Watch any number of movies and most of them will probably be much better than that. Some of them may seem cheaper, or perform worse, or a more absurd production value. They can not suffer terribly like "The Bagman" does with terrible editing effects, sound and foley. Mr. B. Stick did not do a very good job. The special effects seem to be where most of the money went. They tend to be funnier than creepy, although when the 'Bagman' is finally unmasked in the end, the makeup job there is amazingly well done. <br /> <br /> My 4 out of 10 is a bit loud but the humor has helped a lot. This is an ideal movie to find some night with some friends and a few beers in hand. Great entertainment is to be had by anyone who seriously considers B-movie or low-budget movie aficionados. All others should probably avoid with great prejudice.
