"The Bubble" is an effort to make a gay type of Romeo and Juliet story with an Israeli and a Palestinian, although it seems to come to him through "Friends" or "Beverly Hills 90210". The characters are superficial and banal, as are the dialogue and the plot. The film seems divided between down and depth. On the one hand, there is a punctual effort to be superficial, since (in an example of many) some smaller characters even ask questions that invite the development of insights about the conflicts and get answers such as: "Hey, we are here to make a poster for a rave against occupation. "Do not be political!" In addition to the obvious absurdity of such a line, it is just one of many signs that the film is as empty and insubstantial as the title suggests. On the other hand, the main depth claim of the film follows lovers for a presentation of "Bent" a play about gays in a Nazi labor camp. The stage scene is awkwardly rushing, undermining its erotic power (understandable, given the restrictions of the shooting time, but still could have been edited with much better effect) and leaves as fragile as the rest of the film. What a pity. This piece deserves much better. <br /> <br /> The characters are so uniquely cartoons that some even have names that telegraph their entire substance (although the word seems inappropriate here). The aggressive soldier of the Golani brigade is called the Golan. The Palestinian militant is called "Jihad." Faghag's roommate is the "Lulu". Anyone familiar with checkpoints and life in Palestine, whether in real life or in documentaries, will find the checkpoint scenes absurdly unrealistic as ?? well, the rest of this fancy cute. When a Palestinian woman enters the fastest job recorded, Israeli soldiers are solicitous and helpful, and an ambulance appears in minutes. (The result of the birth serves to show the Palestinians as not lovers of Israeli beneficence and even paranoid). In general, the checkpoint is shown as a mere nuisance, not the series of obstructions that numb the bones, crush the soul and humiliate medical care or need in cases of birth, death or serious illness. Ashraf, the Palestinian lover, seems to move from Nablus to Tel Aviv without problems, without documents, without hassles. He only shows up whenever he likes. When the Israelis want to go through this, it's much more a challenge that involves a scheme worthy of Lucy Ricardo. <br /> <br /> Against the background of Israeli good and sympathetic and hostile and homophobic Palestinians we move towards a resolution that is absolutely total. lack of motivation or purpose? except as a dramatic device painfully obvious to the sympathy of forbidden lovers. The Israeli-Palestinian gay romance has been treated on stage with far more skill and depth than in Saleem's Salaam / Shalom, so this film is hardly as innovative as some people would like to think. <br /> <br /> Horrendously bad movies ?? like the works of Ed Wood - at least have some striking idiosyncrasy to distinguish them. This does not even have to happen. Most of the soundtrack sounds like Simon and Garfunkel in quaaludes, and even with the strange oedipal touches in the gay sex scenes, the general incompetence that permeates this film presents itself as a mediocre TV movie of the week.
