here no effort was put into Valentine to prevent it from being just another teen horror film, a sub genre of horror movies that we have seen many over the last decade. I've heard a lot of people complaining that the movie rips several previous horror movies, including everything from Halloween to Prom Night to Carrie, and as much as I hate being redundant, the theft is so blatant that it's impossible not to say anything. The punch on poor Jeremy's head at the beginning of the film is so obviously taken from Carrie that they may have just said it in the movie ("Hey everyone, this is the director, and the next is my Carrie-rip-off "Dinner, have fun!"). But that's just a suggestion. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) The film is structured, piece by piece, in exactly the same way that all other goofy teen thriller are structured. We meet a girl briefly in the beginning, she's dead, people wonder in the old "oh-but-that-just-happens-to-other-people" tone, and then they start being killed. The problem here is that the director and the writers clearly and honestly want to keep the movie mysterious and full of suspense, but they have no idea how to do it. Take Jason, for example. Here's this hopelessly arrogant guy who is so full of himself and bad with women that he shares the check on a date according to what each person had, and as one of the first characters seen in the movie after the brief history class on how poor poor Jeremy was treated, he is assumed to carry some meaning. Plus, and more importantly, he has the same initials as the little boy that all the girls terrorized in the sixth year, and the same initials that are signed on the bottom of all those vicious Valentine's Day cards. <br /> <br /> It is not uncommon for the public to be deliberately and sometimes successfully deceived by the behavior of one or more characters who appear to be prime suspects, and Jason is a perfect example of the effort, but it is not so. a good example of a successful effort. Of course, I thought for a while that he might very well be the killer, but that's not the point. We know from the start that he sucks at the women, which connects him to the boy at the beginning of the movie, but in the middle of the movie he shows up at a party, smiles at the two main girls, and then gives them a look of hatred and leaves, disappearing from the party and the movie without any explanation. We already know that he is a cardboard character, but his role in the film was so poorly thought that they only took him out of the house when they finished with him. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, the true identity killer was, in fact, made difficult to predict at least a subtle way that was also, unfortunately, yet another fraud. Early in the movie, when Shelley stabs the killer on the leg with his own scalpel, he makes no sound, suggesting that the killer may be a female being silent to avoid revealing herself as a female, rather than a male like all suspect. But then for the rest of the film, we only have this impassive, relentless and unstoppable killer with the emotionless mask and that gigantic butcher knife. Director Jamie Blanks (who, with all due respect, seems to have had problems with the girls themselves in the sixth year) mentions being influenced by Halloween. This is obviously completely unnecessary because it is so obvious how much he plagiarizes the movie. The only difference between the killer in Valentine and Michael Meyer is that Michael's mask was much more effective and he had no problems with nose bleeds. This material is without shame. <br /> <br /> In the end, there is a brief attempt to fool us once again about who the killer is (complete with the removal of the slow and prolonged 'and-the-killer-is' mask), but then we see Adam's nose starts to bleed as he holds Kate, his often reluctant girlfriend, and we know he's been the killer all the time. Nothing in the movie implied he could be the killer until the final act, and these unexplained nosebleeds were not exactly the smartest way to identify the real killer at the end of the movie. Valentine is not scary (I watched in an empty house alone after midnight, and I'm afraid of the dark for as long as I remember, and even though I'm not afraid), and the characters may be possible to care about if it were not so obvious that they were only going to die. I remember being impressed by the theatrical previews (though the movie was in and out of the movie faster than Battlefield Earth), but the end result is the same old thing.
