Sean Young's really exquisite (which in some scenes, with his wet hair, looks something like Elizabeth Taylor) is impressive in its opening moments in this film. Sitting in the backseat of a police car waiting to signal a bust, her face and body are tense and distracted. Unfortunately, once the bust is over, Young's tense behavior never changes. This is an actress fatally inhibited. <br /> <br /> Just compare Young to the interpreter who plays his co-worker and best friend, Arnetia Walker, to understand what's missing in Young. Walker is open, emotional and at ease all the time ... to the extent that there is no apparent barrier between what she may be feeling and her expression. She's an open book. Young, on the other hand, acts in an arrogant and self-conscious way with which you can expect your neighbor to act if he is suddenly thrown into a movie. Basically, she has no idea. <br /> <br /> With this impending emptiness in the center of the film, we are left to reflect on the implausibilities of the story. For example, after Ms. Young is kidnapped by the criminal who is locked and locked in a closet, she breaks the door when left alone. Granted, she is only dressed in a bra and panties, but in a similar situation, with a psychopath who must return at any moment, you would go to the door ... or take the time to go through your dresser, take off some clothes and dresses I would say this and other scenes are trying to suggest some sort of mix of emotions that Ms. Young is experimenting, but Young can not convey that kind of complexity. <br /> <br /> There are a few emotional moments in the movie. , such as short police interviews with victims of the criminal's past, but overall this is an aimless effort. It is a pity that Ms. Young was replaced while filming the pair of comic books that could have exploited her limitations with some humor (BATMAN and DICK TRACY) because she fumbled while trying to play real people is strangely touching. Watching the young Miss tries to act, at least in this "thriller", is a sad spectacle.
