Oh, what a painfully boring sci-fi movie! And this is especially distressing because the first 15 minutes were so full of action and full of potential! During the introduction, we followed a group of nervous security agents and hired assassins while chasing a doctor who escaped from a mysterious laboratory with a folder full of secret files. When he is about to reveal the supposedly horrific and inhuman events that take place in the laboratory, he is executed. Figures From then, the 'action' goes back and forth between two places, the above-mentioned laboratory and the rural mansion of a corrupt senator (or something), and it soon becomes clear that the experiments are in fact the complete opposite of disturbance. More like bland, meaningless and vague. Scientists have selected four random people with no living relatives and it is really very important that they speak the truth even if a giant machine reads the contents of their minds, anyway. They all hide the dark secrets of their past and people suffer when they are revealed; however, I can not see how such testing can result in a device that threatens humanity. Maybe I missed something, but I doubt it. The interactions between patients and doctors are even less interesting to follow, since in fact none of them have personalities. So basically, "The Brain Machine" only deals with a lot of lame people living in a nicely decorated room. The film could also have been half an hour shorter, were it not for a thousand shots of stagnant buildings! The relocations from the laboratory to the village and vice versa are indicated EVERY SINGLE TIME for a five seconds take of the places. Either the manufacturers really needed the fill or just assumed that all science fiction viewers are idiots unable to notice a change of venue by themselves. Looking at a deserted pool with a mansion in the background for the tenth time in just five minutes becomes quite annoying, I assure you. James Best's performance as the revered man with mental problems is pretty decent, but a man definitely can not save this thing from being an absolute waste of time. Avoid!
