Wow. Watching this movie today, you can not help but be shocked by the writing of this movie. Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young play a couple who, in modern times, can be featured on "The Jerry Springer Show" - how they have an unhealthy and abusive relationship ... and inexplicably, writers seem to be endorsing it! <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a hungry and homeless Loretta being shown the ropes by poor but very resourceful Spencer Tracy. He shows her how, out of connivance, you can do very well with little money and take her home, to his cabin to stay. It is never clear whether they marry or not - and considering it is a pre-coding film, you can assume they are not even if they are cohabiting. Their relationship is very strange ... and quite sick. While you can see that Tracy cares about her for her actions, he is verbally abusive and a total idiot - and Young comes running back for more like some kind of dog. He calls her "skinny" or "ugly" and these are, in a sick way, her way of using caresses! Later, when he starts playing with another woman (Glenda Farrell), she tells her friend that if that's what he wants, it's okay with her !!! It is certainly a sadomasochistic relationship and you can not help but feel a bit horrified. Of course, he does not hit her, but the relationship is very abusive. To show how sick she is, when Young gets pregnant, she tells him "... it's your baby and it's mine, but you do not have to worry, I'm going to take all the blame for it" !! Damn it! Does not this all seem a bit like looking through a magical eye into a sick and dysfunctional home? Later, in a case of art imitating life, Tracy proves what kind of man he is and disappears. After all, he can not be overwhelmed with a baby - even if it is his. But he changes his mind and decides to go home. Wow ... that's a bit of it! And when he returns, he is unpleasant and acts as if he stays, he is not obliged to take care of the boy !! And she says that he is "a free man ... free as a bird"! Wow, I was almost crying in this moment of tenderness ... NO! So, this crazy couple is married ... and, of course, Young is depressed because it seems to stay the time that suits him - not out of love or sense of responsibility. So how can you save something with these kind of sick characters? What would you do? Well, as for the writers, they have Tracy soon commit a robbery to help pay for the brat! The romantic aspects of the film are below expected to say the least! During the robbery, Tracy behaves like an idiot - doing almost nothing to take precautions against being caught - as if secretly waiting to be sent to jail. And to show what kind of cool guy he is, the guy he tries to steal is one of his best friends. <br /> <br /> Although there is more in the film, the result is that Tracy is an idiot and Young is a jerk in the movie. Although both are very good actors, there is absolutely no way to do anything that crap the writers have produced. Good music, good sets, good acting ... and a script that is 100% poo. As the film is currently rated 7.4 it is beyond me and I wonder how anyone can ignore the pure horror of the characters. A horrible ignition fault that somehow did not destroy the careers of those involved. <br /> <br /> Oh, and if you wonder if Loretta EVER has a backbone in this movie or plays a person who is the least strong, the answer is NO! In the end, she learned nothing and did not change anything for the better. <br /> <br /> They sure do not make movies like they used to do ... and in this case ... thank goodness!
