may contain spoilers !!!! So I watched this movie last night on the LMN (Lifetime Movie Network) which is not known for showing quality movies. THIS MOVIE IS AMAZING! I'm still amazed that I watched the whole thing, how terrible it was. Could this movie contain more stereotypes? (harping Jewish mother who wants son to be a doctor, Catholic family with children priests, large crosses in all rooms shown in the home of the Catholic family, Mexican prostitutes, "bad" guy who is really a softie at heart, incredibly bad country accents ) GAG !!!! I was intrigued by the fact that I had never heard of this movie and after seeing that Cheryl Pollack and Corin Nemec were in it, I decided to stay up until 4 in the morning to watch it. Anyway, the only thing left over about this movie is the beauty of Madchen Amick. I think the performance of Pollack and Nemec is fine, but they have a horrible script to work with. unlike the other reviewer who commented on the lack of Texan accents (the movie is supposed to happen in Austin and very few people there have an accent) I think the accents were there (in supporting characters like the date of Mary Margaret and John) and they were unnecessary. They were also very bad. I am very tired of hollywood "southern" accents that sound nothing like the area where the accent is supposed to be from. and how it was supposed to happen in Austin and shoot movies there in 1991 would not have been expensive, I hoped there were family photos of the city: the beautiful Capitol building, the UT tower lit up for a victorious football game, etc. none of those things were there . Also, it takes about 5-6 hours to drive to Mexico austin. at one point in the movie, Michael and his platoon take off to Mexico to lose their virginity and are able to leave when it's dark (during the summer and early fall it does not get dark in Austin until around 9pm or so), spend some time in Mexico getting drunk and having sex with Mexican whores (is there any other kind?), and then back to Austin by dawn. while this is theoretically possible, is NOT very likely. and if someone has already started school in the mountainous region (usually in the third week of August but may have been in September 1960), they know that unless they want to faint, they DO NOT wear their card jackets !!!! ! in August and September in Austin and the surrounding areas is 90+ degrees. only people with no body temperature would be stupid enough to wear blouses or jackets on the first day of class. All in all, too bad done for the TV movie experience.
