Announced by channel seven in Australia as the "untold story," this miniseries undoes in the first five minutes, washing the titular character's childhood and adolescence in less time than a good director will use to organize a single event. Such cowardice and self-censorship for the fear of offending anyone pervades the series and ultimately is responsible for its failure. <br /> <br /> Robert Carlyle makes a valiant performance as the most hated man of the twentieth century, but he is paralyzed by two things. The lack of a decent dialogue coach on the series leaves his Northern British heritage shining with his physical appearance, and the dialogue is sometimes truly abysmal. Apparently acknowledging the fact that Hitler was raised in a Catholic family is off limits, but insulting millions of Vikings and their offspring by causing Carlyle to spit out the most ridiculous lines about Valhalla is fine. Well, here's a clue to the writers - anyone familiar with Viking mythology will tell you that Valhalla is about the embodiment of honor and power in battle, two things the Nazis quickly avoided in favor of rat trickery and betrayal. Until we can wake up to ourselves and realize that the reason why Hitler was never excommunicated from the Catholic Church is because it would require the embarrassing recognition that he was once a member, we will never learn what this dreadful period of world history has to teach us. <br /> <br /> So now that we've been able to insult the Vikings and citizens of the Scandinavian countries in this farce, you'd think the series would end there, but that does not happen. Stockard Channing's list on opening credits was particularly surprising since his voice is heard and his face seen for about thirty seconds during the opening credits, making it transparent that more footage of Hitler's early days were filmed but not included because of a typical fear of offending someone. It is also quite ironic that the films or miniseries that give a much better view of the character of Hilter do not present it. Until we learn to stop sucking the truth and realize that the citizens of Germany were largely unopposed to Hitler's views, and not necessarily out of ignorance, we will never learn to deal with the fact that subversions of democracy (yes, Germany was a pre-Hitler democracy) can occur anywhere, we are condemned. That's the only thing this mini-series is right to portray. Sadly, this element is lost in attempts to make Hitler's religious beliefs look like a much braver people, and the inability to scratch the surface on any part of the subject. David Letterman's program was marked when they published short satirical segments about the series. They really could have done a comedy familiar with him as the star, and that's how it was written. In summary, this politically correct farce of a bio-photo is not worth points, but I gave two because Robert Carlyle definitely deserves material better than that, and it's the only thing that works.
