There are so many puns to play on the spectacularly bad Valentine's title that I do not know where to start. I'll say it though; here's a movie that makes me anxious about the complexity of the Valentine's Day cards we used to distribute in elementary school. You know, those with Batman exclaiming "You're a super bully who fights crime!" <br /> <br /> Valentine is a horror movie without the slightest hint of irony, one of the few horror movies in recent years that ignores the influence of Scream. The villain is omniscient and almost invulnerable. Heroes are easily frightened when people run around the corners and grab them by the shoulders shouting "HeyIjustleftmycoatbehind!" The score is more arrogant than Norman Bates's mother. <br /> <br /> The fragile plot follows several childhood friends, now grown up and extremely curvy. As the film offers them nothing else, they stand and wait until a masked pursuer kills them one by one. This stalker seems to be the ex-nerd Jeremy Melton, who was constantly rejected by women and beaten by men in high school. With Valentine's Day approaching, women begin to receive scary cards predicting their doom. Melton seems the obvious suspect. The only problem is that, as many characters warn, in thirteen years Melton could have changed his appearance to look beautiful and handsome. So (insisted terrified here) everyone is a suspect! <br /> <br /> Here's a problem. In order to have any sense of suspense while watching Valentine, you have to accept a reality in which a high school nerd is able to become David Boreanaz. Nerds do not turn into Angel when they grow up, they turn into nerds older and more bald. He is not a terrible actor, but the script, no less than four writers, gives him and the rest of the cast nothing to do but scream and kiss. Denise Richards (Hollywood's fattest actress who has never starred in Baywatch) is especially exploited; more shamefully on the gross excuse of taking her in a swimsuit before a crucial suspense scene. Note to you: always wear a bathing suit for a Valentine's Day party. Just because it's February does not mean you may not feel like taking a swim. <br /> <br /> The slasher on Valentine dresses in black from head to toe with a Cherub mask. Here is problem number two. The filmmakers clearly thought it would be a disturbing image to have in the head of someone who is striking people in the face with hot irons. Pure and simple, it is not. Instead, it just made me think like a guy with a mask covering his whole face, including his eyes and ears, can move so slyly without hitting his shins on chairs or tables. Then again, given the things that the Cupid Killer does, maybe he can teleport and his eyes are in his hands. <br /> <br /> It's not just the bad movie, it's not even sure who the killer is; the last "twist" is more "Huh?" that "Hah!" When you're not scratching your head, you're yawning, then moaning, then looking for the nearest exit. Do not watch this movie. Even if you are alone on Valentine's Day, find something, ANYTHING, plus what to do. You'll be glad you did it.
