** SPOILERS ** Somewhat ridiculous made for the TV movie is Isabelle Collins, Susan Tucci sexy and middle-aged, making a number on every man she comes in contact with in the movie. First beating their hearts and then their wallets and then, when they are no longer useful to her, thrown into the wastebasket like a used tissue. Isabelle's first victim is none other than abusive, in order to prevent Isabelle from invading her bank account, Stewart's husband, John O'Hurley. It's later in the movie, when Isabelle becomes very friendly to former plumber and now yacht salesman Richard Davis, Philip Casnoff, that she, without actually telling him, has Richard totally ill in a contract with his life of unsuspecting Husbands Getting this ex-convict, in fact, as soon as he is released from prison, Daggett, Nicholas Campbell, to do the job at Stewart, Richard soon learns that he did not get exactly what he paid, $ 15,000 in cash, per. Daggett, a little too greedy, not only blew Stewart's brains, but also wore a solid gold watch, which Stewart offered him too to bring his life to life. The clock was easily traced to Daggett as he tried to pawn at a local jewelry store where he was quickly arrested. With Doggett spilling his guts over whoever hired him to beat Stewart, it was not long before the long arm of the law to arrest Stewart, while hiring Doggett, the husband of killer Isabelle to be ex-plumber and yacht salesman Richard Davis! Davis's arrest by the police happens just as he and Isabelle had their marriage vows at a local church! <br /> <br /> Isabelle manipulates everyone, exclusively men who fall in love with her, to her advantage doing her dirty work. Always playing the role of the naive housewife or widow or lover or even client Isabelle seems to live an enchanted life always one step ahead of the law and the police. No matter what she does, Isabelle covers her so well that it's almost impossible to arrest anyone, causing others to do so, of the many crimes she commits through a second part in the film. <br /> <br /> After twisting, figuratively and literally, her first husband, Steven, her second husband, for less than ten seconds, Richard and finally her, or Richard, the lawyer Gavin Kendrick, Kamar De Los Rey, Isabelle knows that it is only a matter of time before the police are wise with it. With D.A getting Richard and Kendrick to turn evidence against Isabelle now knowing that everything is fast approaching her makes her last move. Putting everything in order by transferring all her money overseas, Isabelle and her 10-year-old daughter, Ruby, Lauren Collins, throw in the passport office to obtain authorization, passports and leave the country. That's when the wary and clever Isabelle makes her first and possibly final and fatal mistake in the movie. Isabelle is informed by the passport holder, Don Carrier, she will have to wait a total of 48 hours for her, and Ruby's passport to clean up! Just enough time for the police to find her and arrest her! Odd end that goes against almost everything and all ethics that is in a noir movie or crime movie. An ending that will not only blow your mind, but your concept of right and wrong in the world!
