I'm in Iraq now doing a job that gives a lot of time to watch movies. We also have access to many pirated movies, this gem came along with 11 other movies, and this is easily the worst I've seen in a long time. I've seen a few other comments that claim that this movie does not take itself too seriously, but really, I think it's a cover-up for the fact that it's awful. It's not ironic, the writers really thought they were improving Blade. This movie is just one step above Vampire Assassin, which if you have not seen it, I recommend it. At least this movie is so incredibly bad you'll laugh more than you thought possible. This is right on the threshold of no redeeming quality, as always. from poor performance, to visual cliché (ie opening credits), to adobe premier special effects. they could not even get blanks for the guns, which may have to do with where the movie was filmed, but if you're going to use effects, get them closer to the exact one. As for the cast, it looks like they just went to a boe class and got the first non-ugly chick that came out. Once again, like Ron Hall in Vampire Assassin, do not let the stuntman act, they can not. Also, the comment about this being a "return of old vampire movies" ... no, it's not. That's exactly what all new vampire movies are about. Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Blade, Underworld, they're all about a super star battling vampires. This is the newest vampire genre, with bad blood, false screams and extravagance. Obviously, anyone who wrote a good review about it is somehow connected to the movie or to the cast's friends. But what do I care, I paid 33 cents for it. Anyway, to conclude this, someone in their first semester film school decided to make a movie, I give them credit because it's better than I could do. Of course I also know that I can not make films, so I do not try. I know how to watch movies though. I work 12 hours a night, 6 days a week, I saw several thousand the year I was here and it was so bad that in the middle of the way I was waiting for a mortar attack.
