Karen (Bobbie Phillips) mentions, after one of her kids gets out of control with her annoying and annoying jokes, she will never survive this trip ... man, she already has money. Karen is a schoolteacher taking her group of children from the Shepley College of Historical Studies to the ugly site of a decadent mansion in Ireland's large dung heap ... surely there are places in this country that are more soothing to the senses than this? The mansion's janitor, Gary (Simon Peacock), warns Karen and her students to stay on the path and not to enter the forest. There is a myth regarding the Sawney Bean Clan, a puritanical Cannibal Druid ritualistic family that celebrates Samhain (late summer, October 31), "Feast of the Dead", where sacrifices are needed to appease the spirits. Gary is supposedly clairvoyant, tells his cousin Pandora (Ginger Lynn Allen) because he was born in Samhain. Funny, because he certainly does not see the results well or even gives advice accurately. Almost everyone dies (.. even those who never stray from the path) and he does not even see his own horrible fate. What this monster we hear breathing is a victim of too much inbreeding ... its face resembles a malformed mushroom and looks like a hideous rejection of a Mad Max painting. It does not take long for the "creator of evil" to be killing everyone. Paul (Howard Rosenstein) is the love interest of Karen, who made the wrong decision to go to Ireland without the prior knowledge of his girlfriend. <br /> <br /> The horrible terrorist does not deviate from the norm. It's miniscule budget shows out loud and the characters are clichés of assembly line once again to be slaughtered in the usual bloody ways. Most of the violence passes quickly on the screen quickly, without much concern for the creator's death acts towards his victims. Many entrails are torn out during quick editing cuts, when one scene is taken to another. Seeing Gillian Leigh's beautiful naked body for a moment or two is not enough incentive to recommend it. Phil Price has the very annoying character of the cheat, Steve, often exchanging bad jokes ... how he manages to get Leigh's Barbara to be naked in the shower for some action, no one knows why I have no reason to take a chance with such a hot Brandi-Ann Milbrant plays the lucky role of Shae, the clever, smart virgin girl (who is also very hot) who we know will be the one chosen by the screenplay to survive. Jenna Jameson comes down long enough to take the heart out of her chest (at least we see her breasts momentarily before her chest opens) with a few smaller lines about two missing friends she's looking for. The main problem of the film is that the story and development of the character stop because one realizes that none of them is interesting, so the director Christian Viel just releases his monster to run rampant causing carnage, destroying a whole cast almost in one blow. in ten minutes. Oh, and Richard Grieco has a brief turnout as a victim who strayed out of the way to camp with his girl.
