Tourists go to Ireland for a school trip to learn about Druids. What they find is a horrible story about cannibal assassins. If I had to sum up Evil Breed, it would be a low-level party. The film mixes Dead Alive, Evil Dead and Wrong Turn into one. It's a shame that the film has so many inconsistencies to accompany it that it loses whatever "fun" it would have seen. The movie has a lot of random "horror" nudity ... although the movie also has four porn stars, four, then there could have been a lot more. Breed also shows a good amount of blood. <br /> <br /> The evil race has a horrible start, with laughable dialogue and horrible acting. This is a given in a direct horror movie, but that takes the cake. I can not figure out who the main character is, since the only woman who "lives" in the end is not really in the movie. Speaking of the ending, this has to be one of the most random and false finals in movie history. It has no purpose with the rest of the movie and totally changes the view of the movie. <br /> <br /> You have to see this movie to believe it, since there are very good death scenes. There are two scenes of death that come to my mind, one in which the innate killer plucks the intestines of a naked woman across the chest ... yes, your chest, do not ask me. The other id when the guy picks up the gut, once again ripped off by his tail. Does that kill the guy? No, the killer continues to strangle the guy with his own intestines. These scenes remind me a lot of Dead-Alive, with the right amount of humor in each. I also have the feeling of Evil Dead, with the insinuating mentions of horror movies and Sam Raimi. Along with Halloween when the female character is in a closet screaming for her life with the killer trying desperately; and to enter. <br /> <br /> Although blood and nudity are not enough for the hearing and visual impaired. quality of the film. When the teacher wakes up from her bed and walks down the stairs, her steps are so loud and hard it feels like she was wearing boots. Distracting. So how about continuity in the movie, with just an innate killer? As well as which character dies at what time. I could not tell if the girl with the breast implant was Jenny or Gary's sister / cousin ... I do not remember. As well as the random naked girl with a dead baby hanging out of her body, still stuck with the umbilical cord. <br /> <br /> Horrible editing is also distracting, opening credits are very fast and misleading. It had a bad start and got better, but the ending just brings the movie back to a horrible level. If perhaps there were better production values ​​and more faith placed in this film then it would not have been terribly massacred to death. Stay away from this movie unless you're happy with the horrible bad movie below budget with decent gore.
