I'm a big fan of the Spaghetti Western Genre, and I usually also like the most inexpensive ones. The infamous director Demofilo Fidani, however, is known for some of the cheaper, trashiest and, worse, contributions to the genre. The plots of Fidani's films were usually very weak, and since his talent was rather limited, he usually tried to sell the movies by adding famous spaghetti Western names like "Django" from "Sartana" to the titles. I the particular case of "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" from 1971 he just took the title of "Gi첫 La Testa" by Sergio Leone (aka "Duck You Sucker") and added "Hombre". The film can be found in several titles ("Fistful Of Death", "Western Story" ...), I personally bought it under the name "Adios Companeros", which this film shares with another Fidani film with almost the same cast, "Per Una Bara Piena Di Dollari", which is also entitled "Adios Companeros" in the German version. The plot is rather weak, basically following a guy named Callaghan Mac (Jeff Cameron) and his involvement with two gangs of rival bands, led by Butch Cassidy (Jack Betts) and Ironhead (Gordon Mitchell). <br /> <br /> Jeff Cameron's performance, by the way, is not very convincing. I also did not find Jack Betts very good as "Butch Cassidy". The legend of the film B Gordon Mitchell, however, is always worth a try, and although he probably was not a good actor, I always found his performances in the Spaghetti Westerns quite funny and original, and he actually saved some of the Fidani films like the crap of "Django And Sartana ... Showdown In The West"). <br /> <br /> There is a very funny and original thing about "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" - the great Klaus Kinski is playing a priest! I could have imagined Kinski in any role, but before seeing this movie, I would have never imagined anyone would put him as a priest. Kinski is once again great, although he has little time on the screen, and a scene, where he breaks a fight, is probably the only good scene. One more interesting thing about this movie is that the legendary director and sleaze king Joe D'Amato did the cinematography. <br /> <br /> "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" is a cheap movie, lousy, but even so, it has some funny moments. Being a Western Spaghetti enthusiast, I found it fun to watch, but if you're not, do not mind that movie, or watch it just for the purpose of watching Kinski play a priest. 3/10
