In 1914, Charlie Chaplin began taking pictures. These were made for Mack Sennett (also known as "Keystone Studios") and were literally produced in very rapid succession. The short comedies had very little structure and were completely ad libted. As a result, the films, although popular in their day, were terrible by today's standards. Many of them have a strong resemblance to home movies that feature obnoxious relatives attacking the camera. Many others show that the characters wander in front of the camera and practically do nothing. And regardless of the outcome, Keystone sent them straight to the theaters. My guess is that all the films of that time must have been very bad, since the films of Keystone with Chaplin were very successful. <br /> <br /> The Charlie Chaplin we know and love today only began to evolve later in Chaplin's career. Keystone. In 1915 he signed a lucrative new contract with Essenay Studios and the films improved dramatically with Chaplin as a director. However, sometimes these films were still very difficult and were not especially memorable. No, Chaplin like the adorable Little Tramp was still evolving. In 1916, when he moved to Mutual Studios, his films once again improved and he became the most recognizable guy - in many of the earlier films he was just an idiot (or getting drunk a lot, beating women, provoking fights with people innocent, etc.). The final evolution of his Little Tramp to classic status occurred in the 1920s as a result of his full-length films. <br /> <br /> It's interesting that this movie is called TWENTY MINUTES OF LOVE, since the movie only takes 10 minutes! Oh well. The plot, what little there is, involves Little Tramp in the park. A couple wants neck, but inexplicably, Charlie insists on practically sitting on the couple's lap and really annoying them. I can not understand why and the short film is Charlie wandering around the park irritating these people and a few others later in the movie. Maybe he was looking for a trio, I do not know. But the film lacks consistency and is not particularly funny - even when people start hitting each other and pushing themselves into the lake. A typical weak effort before Chaplin begins to give the character a plot and personality.
