first it deserves about 5 stars due to acting (some that would give me a better subjective opinion and NOT an objective as it should, giving this star, WELL DESERVED) but then I know these facts are used for the actor S) Names to increase the ranking of something like this ... <br /> <br /> I have a problem with such productions; (as well as "untraceable") a systematic propaganda feature that promotes government intrusion into their rights (how interesting it is when IPS providers try to "prefer" = CENSOR information, and Americans and Canadians are fighting VS that right now). this time is not labeling torrent file transfers as evil (the one meant to remind you of such feelings whenever you transfer data over the network), but literally trying to create a frustrated sex population as a whole. SEEMS LIKE PROMOTION OF FEAR IS HOLLYWOOD'S NORMAL THIS DAY, especially when it comes to thrillers which is the most "on-demand" movie genre of the last two decades, the best way to influence society as a whole. such levels of violence are portrayed in these two characteristics of morally and "ethical" people, which gives a much needed new meaning to "anti-hero" figures. make no mistake, this is not "DEXTER" which was designed to be high quality entertainment. STOP SELLING "FEAR" please the world would be a better place without it and the dollars made it. <br /> <br /> The opening scene and generally the first 10 minutes actually give a scary image of Erroll Babbage who is suffering from sexual frustration. the way he deals with the black male is very upsetting if not completely racist (certainly a "cliché" at least) (in real life, someone would probably have a spanking so you'll see what I mean). the second scene (with the character of Claire Danes present) is even more extreme. At this point I realized, in my opinion, that Erroll Babbage is a very dangerous individual for the people around him. How many people, who saw or will see this movie, were never "insured" (in relation to both sexes) by themselves. In general, the film gives an extreme CRIMINAL case (which unfortunately did, is and will probably happen again sometime, somewhere), but all other fingers indirectly, as well as "you could become this", etc. with Sigmund Freud and Jung will know very well that sexuality is not something to be judged, let alone "donkeys", by such a fanatic "hero" here. Safe sex in its many forms is healthy and not an evil that apparently the character of Richard Gere is obsessed, on the way to a sexual "crusade." Have we learned nothing from the abundant recent scandals involving priests and young boys? or how long an American teenager may see extreme violence on "pg-13," but he can not even see a woman's chest up to "R-18" (yet the industry directs them with MANY sexual perversions like "american pie "series for example) .raise the kids tester-one levels but frustrate them and lead them to the basement in developing fetishes for SICK EXTREMES!? all sexual activities (with MUTUAL acceptance) integrate individuals better than some "nuts" cases, who blame their misfortunes and failures on "the lives of others" (a new German film that would work great in comparing this distinct and different world ). features on the same subject). here, as in that movie, you'll probably appreciate the actors for portraying well the opposite of what they should have been. <br /> <br /> I'm very disappointed with Richard Gere, especially after the recent "hunting party," a feature where he really shines and a more realistic "hero" (after real facts as well). recalls that all these people are just actors who are paid to interpret someone's political and political interests. social agenda "the herd" and "untraceable" 2 heads of the same beast hidden))) just remember, if you know someone with similar views on the subject as a whole, as Erroll Babbage has those here, to be clear to them own safety.they would kill my family faster then any 0.00001 odds of Paul Jerrod in anyone's life would ... <br /> <br /> In the end I recommend this to anyone who thinks negative here about my "rating" of this particular movie ( and "untraceable" actually), then you may have similar thoughts as I did. nothing sweeter then a propaganda film throwing itself in the "foot".)))) For once I agree with the rating, this is not a feature for teenagers or children; simply because at best it would confuse them even more than the "common" belief of "money + fame + fashion" and how it relates to sexuality. "Scream" series and movies as such at least have a definite entertainment value (even if a dumb in my opinion). but this is just another "trust me I know what is good for you" deep (not so well done I could add) subliminal messages.
