Although THE FLOCK has a very good performance of veteran Richard Gere, and some cool shots that could go back a few days, the film extends credibility to the breaking point and breaks down against a plot that actually leads nowhere. The film is about Erroll Babbage (Gere) who works for the security department and prepares to retire. His office pushes on him his replacement, Allison Lowry (Claire Danes, STARDUST), who quickly discovers that Babbage is obsessed with his work. And that job is not much fun. He monitors hundreds of sex offenders who are on parole in their jurisdiction. Allison goes with Erroll on many calls to check on his "herd" of offenders and finds that he is in desperate need of retirement. But Erroll is good at his job, even if his methods are not. It insults sexual predators and even has physical conflicts with them. Erroll justifies his actions by bringing the past of these deviants. It's this "good excuse" that defies the public on some level, letting us see how brutal Erroll is, and yet how he became out of reach (being very close to his job). <br /> <br /> When a teenager disappears in the "area" of Erroll, he immediately comes to the conclusion that he was kidnapped by one of his flocks. But how could he know? Is Erroll so good at his job? Allison challenges him and Erroll pushes back. His battles became as fierce as Erroll's need to find this missing girl. <br /> <br /> Although the preparation for the story was good, she had no judge! I will give credit to Richard Gere, however, who plays the character Erroll very well. Fighting against retirement. Worried about everyone who is close to his flock. Disgusted with those he is responsible for overseeing. Disgusted with himself for having to do some things he does. Quite a change in the character's picture to Gere. But beyond it there is not much else. Some of the scenarios are fine (dark and dangerous), but there are so many other problems that are laughable. <br /> <br /> I will be the first to admit that suspending disbelief is a requirement whenever we watch movies. But this suspension has limits. The biggest effort against these limits is the destruction of EXTREMELY vital crime scenes. Somebody as meticulous as Erroll KNEW that moving a body would be a huge no-no. Or running over a crime scene. Or evidence on the move. He went beyond and harmed the film. <br /> <br /> The other damaging part of this movie is that we never get into the character of Clair Danes, Allison. She almost fell by the wayside at the end of the movie and we're never even aware of what her intention might be: will she stay or leave? Is she going to end up like Erroll if she stays? This is not a horrible movie, as it touches some uncomfortable moral ground, but the story as a whole needed to be reinforced.
