It's like this ... you put it on DVD and the most professional thing you see in the next ninety minutes is the distribution company logo. And at this point, you know you just got pushed around. <br /> <br /> People generally trust enough to assume that if something was put on DVD it will be of a certain level - less financially if not creatively. But unfortunately this is not the case. The distribution companies are perfectly happy to put together DVDs of amateur movies and send them directly to the stores to await the unsuspecting buyer who is attracted to the well-designed DVD cover. The weight behind this particular project is probably the independent pioneer of horror films Kevin J Lindenmuth, whose name may be known among fans of the genre, since he is responsible for several other low-cost films - "Rage of the Werewolf "," Werewolf Tales "and The Werewolf's Blood consists of three independent little stories about werewolves, with no real connection, other than the fact that they deal with hereditary shapeshifters. The first segment, "Blood Reunion," pretty much sets the tone for the whole thing ... a man returns to his hometown to look for a girl who had a fall, only to find that his domineering grandmother refuses to let her have it relationships with men and for reasons that are in some way related to a dark family secret. This part is misdirected, misdirected and basically nothing higher than what you could put together with some friends and a home video camera. <br /> <br /> The second story, "Old Blood," is probably the strongest of the three and is directed by Lindenmuth himself. It tells the story of a lesbian couple, one of whom is a shapeshifter and the other wants to receive that power. Her wish is granted, but she does not become the creature she imagined. This small movie shows that Lindemuth has more talent and experience than the other filmmakers who worked on this project, but not yet enough to raise it above the level of an amateur film. <br /> <br /> And finally we have "Manbeast," in which an army guy runs through the forest while being chased by two other guys. They want to kill him as he has been bitten by the beast and is believed to be It's an interesting concept, but it's stretched to be very long, and if you do not guess what the "twist" is in the first ten minutes, then you're probably not very smart. sums up the problem very well with all this DVD ... some good ideas are not enough to justify spending money on something like that.After all, would you pay for a photo you could have painted?
