"Spielberg loves the smell of feeling in the morning, but the feeling at the expense of narrative honesty? No one should love that." - Lucius Shepard "The Purple Color" takes place in the south of the country during the early 1900s, and tells the story of Celie and Nettie, two African-American sisters. The film begins with the girls playing in a field of purple flowers, an idyllic refuge that is quickly destroyed by the appearance of their stepfather. That reason? innocence interrupted by men? permeates the entire film. <br /> <br /> The film then launches into a series of small sequels. Celie reveals having been twice pregnant by her stepfather, giving birth in a dirty barn, her newborn son has been taken away and is forced to marry a local widow named Albert Johnson, a violent asshole who rapes her repeatedly, to cook it. Clean and care for your children. <br /> <br /> All these horrible scenes receive little time on the screen and instead are surrounded by moments of magical dust cinematography, a meddlesome symphonic track, incongruous comedy and exuberant camera work. The cumulative effect is like the fusion of a Disney cartoon and a rape movie, a shocking aesthetic that made Stanley Kubrick note that "The Color Purple" made him so nauseated that he had to turn it off after ten minutes. Ten minutes? It lasted a long time. <br /> <br /> It is often said that the film deals with "racism," "sexism," and "black culture," but this is not true. Alice Walker, author of the novel on which the film is based, claims to be bisexual, but is actually a secret lesbian. Her book is a lesbian fantasy, a story of female self-discovery and liberation, which depicts men as violent brutes that disrupt women. For Walker, the only way out of this labyrinth is for women to unite in a kind of lesbian utopia, black brotherhood and female independence are celebrated. <br /> <br /> Spielberg's film, however, reissues Walker's story through the film. soothing American mythologies. This is a film in which the salvific power of Christianity overcomes the natural cruelty of men. A film in which Albert finds himself in various ridiculous situations, moments of misplaced comedy inserted to make him look like an awkward idiot. A film in which all characters are derived from racist minstrel shows, the cast consisting of lascivious men (always radiant with devilish smiles and toothy smiles), stereotyped fat mammies, jazz bands and gospel choirs. <br /> <br /> This is a film in which blacks are naturally childish, readily accepting cheerfully their social conditions. A film in which blacks are overly sexed, carnal sensualists dominated by violent passions. A film in which poverty and class issues are totally invisible (Albert lives in a huge house) and black men are completely inept. This is not the Old South, this is the Old South as derived from "And the Wind Took," MGM Muscals, "Song of the South," Warner Cartoons, "Halleluha!" and banned the Disney movies. In other words, it's the South seen by a 1950s TV kid. It's all so caricatured, so racist in the way it reduces these human beings to one-dimensional ethnic stereotypes, which black novelist Ishmael Reed resembled a Nazi conspiracy. <br /> <br /> Of course, in the typical Spielberg fashion, film ends with family bonds being healed. This reconciliation was in Walker's novel, but Spielberg goes further, making each character in the story reconcile with his relatives. In addition to Walker's hate letter to black men and Spielberg's bizarre caricature of black life, nothing is shown. of the black community. We have only the vague ideas of how any of these characters comes to life and does not have a vision of how they interact with others in their community. Instead, Spielberg's camera leaps desperately to get our attention (one of Celie's kitchen gadgets seems to belong to a movie "Alone"), every emotion touched, the director never stopping to observe something or to allow a little. of life to simply pass. Couple this with Quincy Jones' ridiculously white "music," and you have one of the strangest movies in movie history: an angry feminist pamphlet filmed by a Disney-style white Jew and Griffith, marked by a black man trying to imitate John Williams. <br /> <br /> The lack of white characters is also problematic. Consider this: the men in this film are not portrayed as being rude to each other, nor do they dominate women because they are brutalized by a racist society that reduces their manhood. No, they are cruel by nature. And women, whether they suffer silently like Celie, be rebellious and tough as their sister, persevere and survive only because men are too stupid to destroy them. A better film would not have focused only on the oppression of women as it does among the oppressed, but would have shown that it is the social abuse that led to marital abuse, that black enslaved women are forced to perform the same tasks. such as their male counterparts (while still serving traditional female roles), and that African-American domestic violence occurs largely because of economic factors, women unable to support themselves. <br /> <br /> And there is an ideology hidden in work here. At the end of the film, one character tells another that, since he did not respect his wife, she was eventually beaten and imprisoned by the whites. The implication is that blacks need to return to their African roots to restore their own dignity and that it is their fault that whites crush them unjustly. ie- Respect each other in your poor minority community and you will not come across the dominant white culture. 3/10 - A failure to confront sex and lesbianism, inadequate musical numbers, countless sequences loaded with strange visual pizzanca, incongruous comic business, emphatic music signals, and wildly sensationalist emotionality all contribute for the interpretation "The color purple" without value.
