First of all, I'd like to say that I love the sketch "Ladies' Man" in SNL. I always laugh out loud with Tim Meadows' Tim Phelps portrait. However, there is a difference between an 8-minute sketch and a feature film. Watching Leon doing his show and making obscene comments to his listeners and coming up with all kinds of segments for his show, like "The Ladies Man Presents ..." which is reminiscent of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents ..." is absolutely hilarious. There's a great episode in which Cameron Diaz plays Monica Lewinski, and Leon plays Bill and they call it "The Oral Office." See, this is funny !!! <br /> <br /> In the movie, we do not see Leon in the show very often. In fact, he is expelled from almost every radio station in the country. And the plot revolves around his quest for true love, involving a mysterious letter that was left in his floating house, signed by "Sweet Thing." Karyn Parsons, who is famous for playing Hillary in "Fresh Prince of Bel Air", works with him on the show and has a secret fall for Leon. The movie only accumulates in one flat subframe after another. And the jokes are boring too. The first time we see Leon mentioning the word "wang" is pretty funny. When he uses it over and over again, supposedly trying to laugh, the joke has dried up. Most of the jokes he uses in the movie are jokes we've heard before, and that have been improved on the SNL sketch and played tediously for an hour and twenty-five whole minutes. They even try to insert a musical number from Will Ferrell and his gang of Ladies' Man haters, who all want to destroy him because his wives had an affair with him, to bring this comedy to life. Ferrell has some funny moments, and tries to make the most of an otherwise bland role. Ferrell has this unique comedic talent and is funny in almost everything he does. Even Julianne Moore receives a special guest appearance. Watching her, you can not help but wonder "What the hell is an Oscar winning actress doing in this movie ?? !!!!" Her name was not mentioned in the initial credits - probably by her consent. And, of course, a film about that subject must include the Love Master himself, Billy Dee Williams. Billy Dee is as charismatic as ever, but even he can not breathe enough life in this movie. I also have to add that the soundtrack is full of soft R & B hits, further damaging the film, giving it a terribly pessimistic tone - as if the script was not boring enough. I mean, this is "supposed" a comedy. The soundtrack would be appropriate for something like "Love Jones." <br /> <br /> "The Ladies Man" has only sporadic laughter. There are exceptions in which the SNL can produce a great movie from a small sketch. Watch the two "Wayne's World" movies and you'll see how it's done. But this film, as well as adapting the character of Mary Catherine Gallagher to the screen in "Superstar", shows the other side. Some sketches are meant to be remembered in the SNL, not the silver screen. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
