Many of the protagonists of the movie "Hitokiri" (also known as "Tenchu" - Hideo Gosha's 1969 sky punishment) were real historical figures (in "western" format): Ryoma Sakamoto, Takechi Hampeita, Shimbei Tanaka, Izo Okada , ____ Anenokoji. The name "Hitokiri," a historical term, refers to a group of four super-swordsmen who carried out numerous assassinations of key figures in the Tokugawa shogunate in the mid-nineteenth century under the orders of Takechi, the leader of the "Loyalist." (ie ultra-nationalist, pro-emperor) faction of the Tosa clan. What was this fight? Sad to say you will not find out in this movie. "Brilliant History Lesson", indeed! No, Gosha is much more interested in showing him the usual cut and cut into cubes and (to an absurd length) the inner torment of the not very bright killer Izo Okada. than in revealing the real story. Sakamoto, for example, was someone of historical importance, considered the father of the Imperial Japanese Navy. The closest that Gosha arrives to provide a lesson in history is the scene in which Sakamoto, whom Takechi considers a traitor to the legalistic cause, arrives at Takechi's mansion to try to influence him ideologically. He begins by talking about the international political situation, with foreign warships in the ports of Japan and a Japan that is too weak militarily to defend itself against them. Want to know more? Excuse. Gosha interrupts this potentially fascinating talk in the middle of the sentence (!). So much to inform your audience about a turning point in Japanese history. <br /> <br /> The film left me completely confused about the two sides' goals in this fight. During the two and a half centuries that the shogunate held central power in Japan, it was an institution dedicated to preventing social change, to preserving the feudal relations of society. He was afraid of external contamination, both ideological and technological. According to this spirit, it banned firearms, those "leveling" instruments in Europe and the Americas, with which a peasant could have faced a samurai. During all this time, the Emperor was no more than a spiritual figure. <br /> <br /> But in the cities, which were in neutral zones between the feudal fiefs, a new class of merchants, proprietors and craftsmen was developing - the class known in Europe by its French name, the bourgeoisie . Inevitably, when this new class gained momentum, it was angered by the many limits of feudal society. As in Europe, the king (emperor) became the central figure in the struggle of the bourgeoisie for power against the feudal aristocracy. But a political leadership does not always fully understand the interests of the class it serves. When the outside world came to a crash in 1853, in the form of the "Black Ships" of American Admiral Perry, Japan's ruling elite was launched into a crisis. His military was no match for these foreigners. In addition, they heard about the devastation that the British and French imperialists were causing in China. What should Japan do to save itself from the fate of its weak neighbor? Surprisingly, some elements within the generally isolationist shogunate were inclined to open trade with foreigners in order to get some of their advanced technologies. This is the view (represented only briefly) in Sakamoto's film. On the other hand, the ultra-nationalists loyal to the emperor, represented by Takechi, believed that they could keep the foreigners by force if they could prevent the other faction from "selling the country." (Sounds familiar?) So the murder of key figures in the sheriff's office is in order - and let's go. <br /> <br /> Takechi's motives were, to me, the biggest puzzle in the movie. Gosha suggests that he is struggling mainly for his personal advancement and not for the legalistic cause. Can we take this to represent the legalistic content as a whole? (Do you mind?) Several critics likened this movie favorably to "Goyokin," which Gosha did the same year. But where "Goyokin" is a suspenseful, suspenseful story with a hero worthy of sympathy, "Hitokiri" is laborious, not nearly as convincing and devoid of such a hero. Sakamoto could have been the hero of this film, but we can not know him - nor what he represents - well enough for him to achieve that status. In view of his wonderful scores for five previous Kurosawa Films, the result of Masaru Sato here was very disappointing, sounding like something rejected of a "Bonanza" episode. <br /> Barry Freed
