Do you remember a movie that you seemed to like in the past and did not know the same feelings as an adult? It occurred to me when I went back to school ... the National Lampoon Class Reunion. The film has a perfect opportunity for laughter but surprisingly vague aimlessly when we see a bizarre collection of characters like a woman who sold her soul to the devil and can fire flames from her mouth, a man who seems to be a vampire. and a lunatic killer dressed as a woman and wears bags over her head. You have the class president who believes he's the best thing since sliced ​​bread (but, as we see in the movie, he's cowardly and playful), a couple of marijuana smokers who do not even know they're at their own class meeting , and a man named Gary who knows someone knew he existed (and no one can remember his name ... that's the only joke I liked). There is a fat pervert who likes to pick up women in inappropriate places, a deaf and blind woman who has a shrill cry calling her dog, and the cook (you know her from "goonies" and "Throw Mama From The Train") who likes to put food on people's plates with their hands! The film is essentially about a madman who is (or at least trying to) get revenge on his classmates for a joke they put on him (they arranged for him to sleep with his own twin sister!). The film follows the characters as they search for the screen of the blackened killer, destroyed corridors of the old high school. They were informed of the killer by their psychologist, who seems a little strange. The movie has some good jokes that work (right at the beginning), but the movie slowly worsens with each passing minute. The real problem with the movie is that it really does not know where to go. The film is practically a premise of a joke, as it has an unsecured orientation ... if it really has any direction. The cast is enthusiastic enough but the stuff they are to make funny just does not have the quality to keep any interest. It's a curiosity for fans of comedy relics from the early '80s who are forgotten (this is precisely why).
