(48 of 278 people found this review helpful, and counting ...) People are as idiotic for image and appearance - as for the intellectually hollow "idealism" that lurks behind communism. Che's charisma and appearance have as much to do with his iconic stature as with the misinformation propagated by leftist propaganda (like this movie) about him. <br /> <br /> I do not know what's worse: being caught by one of Che's murder squads or having to spend 4 hours of this typically Soderberghian junk. The question is not why this pet project was made, but what took so long. By "they" I am referring, of course, to Hollywood left and its love "secret" by Marxist tyrants (Lenin, Castro ... make your choice). I'm fascinated that it took decades for one of Tinseltown's less talented liberal directors to finally take on such an irresistibly biased propaganda project. Where was Oliver Stone all these years? Robert Redford? Tim Robbins? Warren Beatty? Alan Pakula? George Clooney? Barbra Streisand really? It's a mystery. All these overrated "artists" often indulge in similar, politically unilateral projects, but somehow Che Guevara, who is arguably the most popular and well-known communist, has not yet been one of their films. <BR> <BR> "Guerrilla" has all the characteristics of an American story of an epic scale; there is as much factual detail to be found here as in other political fairy-tale biographies similar to large Hollywood budgets like "Malcolm X" or "Gandhi," meaning almost none. The film stars Del Toro as the famous Argentine revolutionary. However controversial and criminal the actions of this man were, one thing no one could take from him: he was an intelligent manipulator who came from a wealthy family - which is why Del Toro only fits visually. Del Toro may be an interesting and charismatic actor, and may resemble Guevara physically, but he does not exude intellectual qualities, so he makes Guevara look very primitive. Launching such mediocrities as Bratt, Philips and Franka Incompetente just underscores the Director's lack of common sense. <br /> <br /> The film is, for the most part, extremely slow (unsurprisingly), and visually uninteresting. Even a director as brilliant as Kubrick would have carefully considered releasing a film that exceeds the 3 hour mark, so it is quite revealing that this Soderbergh, who made only one or two solid films early in his career, thought that His oceanic greatness was to the task. If you think the length of the film indicates that a large part of Che's life has been shown here - then think again. Soderbergh focuses on the last phase of Che, and much of the film is boring nonsense in the jungle, full of the supposed idealism of Guevara. (Psychopaths have no ideals.) I wonder what kind of mind this much-cherished director must have to actually ignore part of Che's previous life. Did he really find this very uninteresting? A massacre of 600 people has no interest for the viewer, right? Amazing. Some much better directors than this super praised charlatan would have easily fit into not one but two full biographies in a 4 hour movie. <br /> <br /> Soderbergh, in a sense, becomes complicit in never addressing the negative, black side - which is more than 90% - of Guevara. By spreading this kind of historical inaccuracy, consciously ignoring the ugly truth (God does not let him stain Che's sacred image), Soderbergh shows himself to be not a humanist - a false image that most Hollywood and pop personalities struggle with in their careers to defend - but the opposite: that he cares only about ideas, never about the people in whom these ideas are tested (as in guinea pigs). Soderbergh and the like are elitists of the worst kind; these people often have a latent contempt for the proletariat (what a stupid term) with which they are supposedly allied. <br /> <br /> Half of all the students in the world use Che's picture on their red and orange shirts, but without ever knowing why. He has become an iconic figure to uninformed, uninformed, often young people who think that by having this man's face in his chest, it somehow makes them look "nervous," intellectual, cool or interesting. In fact, wearing a Che T-shirt only underscores the general shallowness and total disinterest in self-education. (WOULD YOU NOT WANT TO KNOW MORE ABOUT A PERSON BEFORE BEGINNING TO ADVERTISE YOUR FACE TO THE WORLD?) Dressing up Che's cliché image became as commonplace as having a cup of coffee, Bart Simpson. All those "Che-bearers" probably know more about Marge's blue hair than they will ever read about Fidel Castro's ally. <br /> After all that was done in the name of Marx, one would think that these "ideals" mutts would finally be put to rest. It seems that humanity will never learn. Stalin, Mao, Kim Il, Pol Pot, Castro, Milosevic, Ceausescu, the Iron Curtain, one hundred million dead, over a billion ruined physically and / or mentally through this system ... then none of that matters, huh? <br /> <br /> The fact that Del Toro won a prize in Cannes should astound just those who have no idea how Cannes and other European festivals work - and vote. Hint: Sean Penn headed a jury not long ago. <br /> <br /> For my speeches related to music, go to: http://rateyourmusic.com/collection/Fedor8/
