I went to see this movie with the most positive expectations. I had seen Jacquet's previous film (March of the Penguins) and had heard a very positive review of this movie on the radio. However, I was very disappointed. Above all, this movie is terribly annoying. Literally NOTHING happens. I tried to describe the content of the movie to a friend, and we both ended up laughing because I could only babble things like "well, then the winter comes, and then the spring, and then there's an eagle, a river and once it's dark and the girl goes into a cave and again the fox has babies "and so on. After about half an hour, I began to sigh, yawning, rolling my eyes, cursing the reviewer at the radio station and hoping it would end soon. But the film went on and on. When it was finally over, I had sunk so deep into my chair that I must have looked a little like Stephen Hawking. The most annoying parts of the film are: (a) The girl, who is obviously there to give the children someone to identify with. She wears the same clothes throughout the movie (one year) and shows exactly two facial expressions: joy and seriousness. She's cute, there's no doubt about it. However, a film about the beauty of nature like this would have made it better without its too human presence. I found myself constantly hoping she could be eaten by a bear, drowned in the river, or something similarly terrible. (b) The commentary on the girl's adult voice, which tells us nothing but insignificant, obvious, boring, and redundant things. (c) Music, which desperately lacks subtlety. When the girl is jumping happily, the music also jumps. When the fox is threatened by an eagle, the music also becomes threatening. It reminded me of the beginnings of filmmaking and was too predictable to be taken advantage of. It is true that many of the children who saw the film with me obviously liked it, at least got involved in some way. So, my warning is for adults only: if you're over ten, avoid this movie. You can get a better (and cheaper) sleep in most other places.
