I used to review videos for Joe Bob Briggs' legendary newsletter "We Are The Weird." I've seen a lot of stinkers, but by far it was the worst, and the years were not good - it's still the most indecent crime against the movies I've ever witnessed. Do not get me wrong - CAGED TERROR is nominally more technically competent than, say, MONSTER-A-GO-GO or THE GUY FROM HARLEM or something. What solidifies his claim as the worst movie of all time to me is his unique blend of bare proficiency with disabling pretension. Is it a comment from Vietnam? An ecological protest? An incitement to racial revolt? A study of man's inhumanity to man? A new exercise in completing nature images with (almost) duration of the resource? In short: a young urban proponent (possibly the most detestable movie character of all time) somehow seduces a nude Asian-American to camp in the woods with him. After hitting her forehead with an almost philosophical spanking for almost an hour, they encounter two roving veterans, the unforgettable Jarvis (a virtuoso brother) and the Troubadour (rejected by the Manson family). Hey, a turnaround in history! Tension! Action! Thriller! Well, no, just a climactic scene that hangs on an improvised chicken wire and a little scorned. The victim in question looks indifferent to the captors and mutters, "No ... no ... please ... no ..." Meanwhile, Jarvis addresses the Troubadour as "Trouby" once every two minutes, bringing to mind nothing more than the alien star of Juan Picquer's POD PEOPLE. That is all that happens in CAGED TERROR, and that synopsis may seem almost tolerable. But believe me, I've seen thousands of movies in my life, and this one has remained, for the last eight years since the first time I saw it, the absolute worst. (I put it on the old videocassette once every two years to reassure me, and I assure you I certainly do.) I think the element that makes CAGED TERROR so particularly hateful is this: very little happens, and though the little happens very badly and very slowly, what really makes it compulsively unwatchable is the stifling sensation that filmmakers REALLY REALLY want to stick some kind of message in their throat. But as CAGED TERROR is so incompetent and ineffective, what was intended as a civic lesson becomes an intensive course of intense visual discomfort. This movie is 75 minutes long and seems to take three and a half hours. It is terrible, truly truly terrible. Guys, trust me, I've seen GHOSTS THAT STILL WALK and this one is worse. Go and see! You will thank me. And curse me. Just for the record, my favorite phrase: (In CAGED TERROR, but maybe NEVER) "Yes, well, you probably think Solomon's Song was an allegory of Christ's love for the church ...!" (NOTE: Must be delivered in a combination tone.)
