I see some positive reviews on this forum, trying to resurrect this movie from its lackluster status and starting a following cult. I see the usual ranting - "I think this film is not just for the easily offended," "This movie is not Shakespeare," etc. Guess what? Neither was "Road Trip"! And I laughed a lot during that movie! There is a way to make a comedy coarse and bland and laugh; and there's a way to ... just make it raw and tasteless. "Whipped" tries to be "Swingers" without wit or intelligence. It seems to have been written through the puerile eyes of a 14-year-old boy. For God's sake, the characters in this movie are supposed to be white-collar citizens and correct - and they talk like some of the idiots I met in the first year of high school! The dialogue is intertwined - more like drowned - with four letter words. You would think people of your status would have ANY degree of intelligence - and a more extensive vocabulary. Just watch a Whit Stillman movie and you'll see the difference. Not to mention the fact that the dialogue sounds totally unrealistic and frankly caricatured. If you know some successful white-collar entrepreneur who speaks like the characters in this movie, please let me know and introduce myself to them. Their sexual games are equivalent to those of the chat rooms with locker rooms among teenagers who reach puberty. There is absolutely no insight into relationships, sex or ... anything !!! It's just a precarious excuse to show a series of extreme things - and do not take the word "extremely" as guaranteed, because I mean with all my heart - raw jokes. These are jokes without substance. Gags that are more for groans than laughter. The scene at the end between Amanda Peet and her friends was totally unfounded and totally unconvincing. There are some films that involve interaction between women who were written by men (straight) and play wonderfully. This scene involves a flood of metaphors and sexual gestures. It involves the kind of dialogue you can never imagine leaving a woman's mouth. It was one of those scenes notably written by a guy. I was not believing for a second. <br /> <br /> "Whipped" is purely a sickly male fantasy that is both boring and annoying. I have (very) few laughs from this totally forgettable comedy, and these were probably the result of desperation. When you're not laughing for a long period of time, you're desperately looking for humor in the most trivial things. So I would not mark this as positive.
