It is unlikely that anyone but those who love silent films will appreciate the lyrical camera work and the busy (but scuffed) track that accompanies this 1933 release. Although the sound came into use in 1928, there are no more than fifty words spoken to tell the story of an unhappily married woman who abandons her husband for a younger man after a romantic interlude in the woods. Most vividly photographed scene has the jealous husband giving the young man a ride for a ride in the city, proceeding to drive normally until he realizes that the man is his wife's lover. In a frenzy of jealousy, he drives at high speed toward a railway junction, but changes his mind at the last moment, losing his courage. It's probably the most stressful scene in history decidedly slow and obviously invented. HEDY LAMARR gets the kind of close-up treatment dispensed to Marlene Dietrich by her discoverer, but her beauty had not yet been refined by the beauticians as they were when she was transported to Hollywood. Her performance consists mainly of looking sad and sad while mourning the loss of her marriage with only brief glimpses of a smile when she finds her true love (ARIBERT MOG), the handsome young stallion who recovers her clothes after swimming naked. <BR> The swimming scene is very brief, discreetly photographed and not worth all the heat it apparently generated. The lovemaking scene later is also artistically photographed with the kind of lyrical photography evident during most of the film - artistically, as well. More is left to the imagination with the use of symbolism - and that's the kind of thing that has others proclaiming that the movie is some kind of lyrical masterpiece. <br /> <br /> It's not like that. It is disappointing, raw primitively in its parts of sound (including laborious symphonic music in the background) and certainly Miss Lamarr is fortunate that Louis B. Mayer saw the film and, based on it, gave her a career in Hollywood. He must have seen something in his work that I did not see. <br /> <br /> Clearly this was conceived as a silent movie with the camera doing all the work. The scene of shocking "workers" in the conclusion is prolonged for a long time and is a dissonant intrusion where none is needed. You can not finish the movie on the proper note.
