Being a music student, I thought a movie in a conservatory could be fun to watch. Little did I know ... (I had no idea that this movie was based on a book by Britney Spears) This movie was implausible everywhere. It is obvious that anyone who wrote the script never set foot in the conservatory and knows nothing about classical music. Let me give you just a few examples: 1) THERE IS NO ANY WAY that someone would be admitted to a classic conservatory without any classic training! Just having a good pop voice is not enough, moreover, it's a completely different thing - another genre, different technique. It's like playing the violin when you sign up for a viola class. 2) How was the musical theory teacher on the jury? If she was not a singing teacher, she would not have a voice in a situation like that, and if she were a singing teacher, why did not they tell us that? 3) Being able to read music is a must if you are major in music. 4) How did Angela get this videotape? That would have been kept secret, just for the eyes of the jury. Now, either she got the tape from one of the teachers or the writers simply did not have a clue. I wonder what ... 5) The singing teacher gave Holly the Carmen song saying that she "had the reach", which she clearly did not. Yes, she was able to sing the notes, but Carmen is a mezzo-soprano, while Holly's voice seemed to be much clearer in the timbre, not at all compatible with this song. 6) Worst of all: the film not only shows a shocking ignorance when it comes to classical music, but also does not try to hide it. The aria that Angela sings is mutilated beyond recognition, a fact that is painfully blatant in the recital, where it is shortened in a shameful way - Mozart would roll in his grave. Carmen's Habanera sounded a bit strange at times too, and the way it was rearranged at the end shows how little the producers think of classical music - it's hard and boring, but hey, add drums and guitar and it's almost as good as Britney Spears! I know these are minor details but it would have been so easy to avoid them with just a little bit of research. Either way, I might have chosen to suspend my disbelief if the characters and plot had been well elaborated. But without that, I really can not find any redeeming quality in this movie except for one: it's good for a laugh.
