I was excited when I heard that they were finally doing this horrible event in a movie. The whole era (1980's Southern California) and subject matter (drug industry and pornography) is intriguing to me. I thought this would be a real fire. I was not thrilled with the choice of Kilmer as Holmes, they do not resemble physical appearance or mannerisms. I think he sells tickets? However, I was willing to ignore this and give it a fair shot. I was a bit shocked that there were only four other people around the theater with me on the first day of screening. Now all the crime and story of the movie is hard to do, I'll admit it. There were no witnesses to this violent and brutal act. John Holmes was there, but he was also a pathological liar and worried about what would happen to his family (and himself) if he talked to the police about it. In fact, Holmes never really testified about what happened and the crime was not resolved. So this was still really a big mystery, a mystery that this movie does nothing to enlighten. The person writing the script has a lot of discretion and most of the main characters are dead. However, there is no real plot, it is fragmented claptrap. The script is light and the actors try hard to reinforce the fine lines of paper, exaggerating. The film does not give an insight into Holmes or the other people involved. Kilmer's character disappears for long periods, his girlfriend is boring, the police are a joke. Even Kudrow strives to make a fragile paper seem substantial. It is a very superficial piece and I dare say, boring. The director even tries to turn it into a love story. Which is cool, unless you know something about the trash that John Holmes really was. Maybe a couple of visions of Anderson's "Boogie Nights" might have helped here. "Boogie Nights" was groundbreaking and exciting in every way. This film, on the other hand, was flat and without any charm or real style. Even the song is out of place, with Duran Duran being played in a scene that was supposed to have taken place in 1980. So we have Gordon Lightfoot? Gordon Lightfoot? There could have been a great movie based on this horrible event, but I have not seen it yet. I have not seen yet a decent one yet (unless you consider the Rahad Jackson scene from Boogie Nights).
