Takashi Shimizu had a great opportunity with a remake of his original film, Ju-On The Grudge. While I have not seen this movie, I would have to bet that there is more imagination and originality (or some misleading originality, in other words skill with known tropes of the Japanese ghost movie) than in its own directed remake. Maybe the script has been written somehow to have some kind of fuzzy appeal, or I think it's accessibility, for an American audience. What starts with some potential - the hint of something much spoiled happening with Bill Pullman's sudden movement - just goes into total confusion. And like a horror movie? Give me a break. <br /> <br /> Stress could have been built on the situation - a nurse will take care of a disturbed woman in a house that is haunted - but it weakens everything he wants to make his audience feel. Scares How about a timed song just so you know exactly when to expect something? A black cat? Yeah, why not make the ghost kid thing look like a cat because of the shiver that's actually just scary if you want cats. Plot? Why not just shuffle past and present without any resemblance to a real flow of how a story can be told (which means that while flashbacks are inserted and claim to be organic with history in general, they are not) or It does not matter if we care about ANYONE in the cast. <br /> <br /> The moment the characters, or those who are there for exposure, get to tell us what is happening or whatever, there is no reason to care. Film production is of poor quality (ie the 180 degree rule is often broken and not in a forgivable or intriguing way), and the performances are made of wood even when they seem frightened or shocked (Gellar is disappointing, but Pullman, which appears later, after its first scene, is very bad). Even when Shimizu tries for some medium fear of "Boo", like when the woman is in the office and is persecuted by the Rancor ghost, it is still silly. Just watch when she's going in that elevator and the ghost is at the bottom of the shots. Either you go with it, and if you have more power for you, or you'll laugh hysterically at the results. Count me in the latter. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure if this project went wrong - did Shimizu need to re-equip him to the studios, or did he not give him enough leeway to reshape his vision? Or maybe Raimi had something to say about it and made things more confusing and / or dull than with someone else. The Grudge gives us a lot of information that does not make sense or at least gives us some horror food to chew on. It's cineplex garbage of a sad order.
