There are bad movies and movies that are so horrible that they become affectionately comical in their ineptitude. Such is the case with Columbia Pictures' "The Grudge." This cinematic atrocity began when a well-intentioned American saw a Japanese made for the TV movie 'Ju-on' and was inspired to remake the film in English. This began a virtual tsunami of bad decisions that circumnavigated the world until it broke out in Orlando on October 21, 2004. The premise, and I use the word loosely, involves a house in Tokyo haunted by a a skinny ghost of Mama who looks like a cross between Margaret Cho and Alanis Morrisette, along with her amazing helper, a plump, undisciplined but evil high school student. Is there anything more frightening than an 8-year-old Japanese boy? Of course it exists! Count Chocula comes to mind. With this capricious bunch, we need to add a mysterious black cat that I affectionately called Chim Chim. (Remember Speed ​​Racer?) As you've guessed, they were murdered in this abode of misfortune and now they want to kill all who enter the place. You see, as explained by a Japanese detective, when someone dies of rage their ghost seeks revenge on everyone who steps on the property lines as defined by the county commissioner or something like that, I forgot. <br /> <br /> The story begins innocently with acclaimed actor Bill Pullman jumping to the death of a balcony. My guess is that Bill Pullman got this job because his kids begged him for a trip to Tokyo Disneyland. Next, we endorse the Yoko Nurse's slightly interesting saga: "oh, no, do not go in there," shouts the audience, but she ignores the terrible warnings and is predictably erased like a magic lantern. About 30 minutes after the movie, we finally see the American heroine Sarah Michelle Gellar as Karen. Sarah Michelle Gellar may be a competent actress, but I could not help but think of Buffy the Vampire Slayer so much that it was a distraction. It's the equivalent of having Jennifer Anniston in a movie about the adventures of six friends in New York. No matter how hard you try, you just can not stop thinking about the other project that made it famous. But I disagree, Karen, the nurse is hired as a substitute for the original caregiver who disappeared into the spies. <br /> <br /> She snoops, she knows the ghosts, the coma dies and some other things happen. Watching the light-haired vixen looking for clues, I half expected her to find the ghost and take off the mask to reveal that it was really the old Gower who owned the abandoned amusement park! "I would have been naughty too if it were not for you to intrude on children and your dog!" Director Takashi Shimizu, who struggles to be Ed Wood of Asia, has made two unfortunate decisions involving sound. First, he chooses to use a soundtrack only when someone is about to be killed. This is an excellent plan to obliterate any suspense because the public gets a two-minute warning to prepare for another miserable and predictable murder. Second, he gave the ghosts a bizarre guttural noise that sounds like a gargantuan gopher. After the movie, I heard several people coming out of the theater making the sound and laughing. <br /> <br /> Sarah Michelle Gellar ends up being the only survivor. And of course we learned that the fire she set fire to the house was extinguished in time for the next obligatory chapter. However, considering the public's humorous reactions, they did not want a sequel, but an apology. 'The Grudge' can easily be reprinted in a comedy, maybe then it will be appreciated for its value of camping. Uncovering this, this will be the biggest film thriller since 'Godzilla vs. Megalon '. I would suggest waiting until the movie arrives at your local discount theater where he can receive the public ridicule he deserves.
