Viewers are paying attention to everything, including the title sequence (now this is funny) would make us believe that this is a kind of cinematic miracle, but, believe me, this is one of the most embarrassingly bad movies you've ever seen, and I'm not laughing at it five minutes later, I'd say you've lost your sense of humor. <br /> <br /> David Niven plays a condemned RAFA pilot and bravado fanatic who somehow finds it appropriate to involve an impressionable team. (female) air traffic controller in an emotional conversation about love, just as he is plunging into his certain and ardent death. (Not romantic ...) Of course, he is spared by metaphysical chance and washes himself on the beach just as the same air traffic controller is riding a bicycle. (They immediately girdle). <br /> <br /> Looking beyond the bizarre homo-erotic subtexts, (so above the top you really need to refer to them as supertext, of a naked boy sitting naked in the sand throwing the weird movie theme on his flute, for a celestial messenger so eccentric that his makeup is better cared for than the women's), the most bizarre aspects of the film are how it weaves such bad cartoons of national and racial stereotypes in a complicated attempt to argue some kind of point about universal nature and power of love. We understand - fly boys like girls in skirts and heels, and girls like them back, and apparently all you have to do is cry a little to make him noble enough that your movie has 10 stars in IMDb. <br /> <br /> As for production quality, continuity / editing is bad enough to induce shrinkage, and the lighting is perhaps even worse than that, but you hardly have time to realize why the script it is so bad. There are games played with Technicolor, (everything that goes through the sky is in black and white, if you can figure out the meaning of it), and foreboding, (so funny my audience companion who usually likes movies like this really applauded and laughed when so the doctor's motorcycle finally ended up in a wreck of fire), and freeze-motion, (which is funnier of all because the female protagonist is so weak in standing still that you know the stage hands were cackling off the camera) . <br /> The best shots are the first on the beach, but after that, it's all downhill. The staircase (which moves like an escalator is moving) is hardly the Odessa Staircase, to say the least, and I really advise no one to feel like you have to see this lame attempt to make movies in your account. The movie in general is bad enough to be funny, and that's the best thing I can say for that.
