Well, what are the odds! At the exact moment some amateur researchers discover cave paintings, indicating that some kind of dinosaur monster could have inhabited the area thousands of years ago, a burning meteor collides with the lake and spontaneously crashes the egg of a monster lying there ?? for over a thousand years, I suppose! "The Crater Lake Monster" is a movie that literally must be seen to be believed, but it is better to do so in the company of many friends and a pile of ganja in order to make the healthy a little easier to digest. Yes, this is a terrible movie, with extremely improbable screenplay imaginable and countless irrelevant fill-in interludes that are frankly embarrassing but also irresistibly charming and so awkwardly put together that you simply have to cherish some kind of affection for it. Half the movie? finally ?? revolves around the crazy adventures of Arnie and Mitch. These two local horsemen own and run a boat rental shop near the lake, but spend most of their days picking up their noses and fighting over fascinating things like spelling the word bait. It is mainly during his prototypical situations of Laurel & Hardy that new pools of blood or decapitated heads are discovered in the lake. Steve Hanson, the heroic sheriff, but not exactly sharp, is in the case, but only if he's not too busy chasing big city thugs traveling around the area. In the middle of the movie, suddenly, there is an abrupt scene about a thug robbing a liquor store and killing two people in the process. This "WTF" book seems to have the other side of the country, like in New York or something, and has absolutely nothing to do with the events happening at Crater Lake. Just twenty minutes later, the thief appears again in Hicksville and there is an "exciting" chase through the forest, ending in the Dino's hungry snout. The absurd little details on "The Crater Lake Monster" are too numerous to mention! For example, this is probably the only feature of the creature in which players discover the obligatory gigantic footprint AFTER they have sighted the real monster. Errors in continuity must be legendary as far as I am concerned. It's as if everyone has forgotten to pay attention to this. Does the night turn into twilight in the day and back at twilight? all during one and the same day course! The monster is undeniably the best aspect of the film, especially as it is performed through good, old-fashioned stop motion effects. The fluffy bug is a plesiosaur; meaning an aquatic dinosaur looking like a cross between Denver's last dinosaur and an alligator. "Crater Lake Monster" is a unique and unforgettable movie experience that I can only encourage to track! The miserable rating of 1 in 10 is out of principle (and because basically, this is a really bad movie) should be put into perspective because I might as well have given it 10 out of 10 for pure entertainment value.
