Well, maybe I'm having a bad run on Hindi movies lately. I asked the seller of a video store by Apharan (Prakash Jha), but being a new release was not yet available. So I had to settle for this. It turned out to be the most idiotic Hindi movie I've ever seen (and I've seen many). No wonder BOllywood is a laughing stock of the whole world! If the IMDb had negative grades, I would give Garam Masala a -10. <br /> <br /> I remember watching a TV show about the jazzy debut they had for the Mumbai release. All the usual celebrities and their sideys have appeared. For some strange reason, people expect good things from Piyadarashan. I did not like Hulchul, Hungama or his other films. Hulchul, probably nicknamed Tamil or Telugu, seemed a very noisy person, which again made little sense except in a Bollywood movie. This last piece of CXXP showed that this guy does not have any brains. Who made him a director, even a Bollywood director? <br /> <br /> Anyway, for the movie now. What begins as a romantic getaway turns into a nonsensical hunt for women. Two fashion photographers working for a magazine share an apartment (is not it similar to No Entry, where the two guys work for a gossip magazine and share an office? Jezuz Christ, now they're copying their own stories!) Any cook or chef who tries to help one of the Dodos in their quest for multi-lateral love (aka multi-tasking + multi-timing). What happened in the end, I have no idea. I hung up on the way. What ridiculous rubbish. I can not believe they even released. And as a sadist to wallow in his own filth! To what public have they succeeded - the poor illiterate Indian masses (700,000 on the last count) or the NRIs succeeded in Phoren? Anyway, it does not matter. No group has any clue as to what makes a good movie and probably deserves such horrible things. <br /> <br /> It's a short review, because there's nothing to write about, other than the usual Class F trash bag. Bollywood should change its name to Follywood. And yes, this review is much better than the movie itself.
