I've never understood why some people do not like Bollywood movies: they have charismatic actors, big dance numbers and intense emotions - how do not you like it? What I did not realize was that I had only seen the top layer of Bollywood. Then I watched "Garam Masala". I could tell from the first scene that this was not a movie I was going to like (the movie starts with a montage of the two lanes driving around a city and apparently happening serendipitously in a series of photo settings populated with rotating models), but I kept waiting for things to get better. Unfortunately, they did not. The main problem is that the two protagonists, Mac and Sam, are completely unfriendly. They spend the whole movie lying to women - and lying brutally - in order to put them to bed, and the public must find it funny and charming. The boys are unscrupulous and inept, and not in a kind way. Mac even has one of the drugged women to prevent her from discovering his betrayal. The script is extremely poor, with repetitive scenes, configurations that never lead to anything, and illogical actions and declarations of the characters. In fact, the characters are never really developed. Males are coarse and greedy idiots, and women are just beautiful. If you go through this movie, you would think that "stewardesses" are very easy to move from man to man. In fact, the betrayal is not so funny. <br /> <br /> The only bright spots I found in the movie were a dance number that had brilliant sets, and a few slapsticky moments involving the French farce, knocking at the door of the story. But dancing in Bollywood is best enjoyed in films choreographed by Farah Khan, and by joking you can go straight to the silent comedies of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd, who seem to have not influenced the screenwriter / director Priyadarshan at all. Priyadarshan also receives the false credit for inventing the story: the basic premise of the plot is stolen from the play "Boeing Boeing," 1960. The original author of this work, Marc Camoletti, is nowhere credited. At least Priyadarshan changed the title to this remake, rather than blatantly using the original without giving credit, as he did in his 1985 version of this same tale. Edit page 'button will take you through a step-by-step process.
