Based on Stephen King's middle-story tale of the so-called immortal creatures of 'Sleepwalkers' who suck the life of the virgins so that this energy can sustain them. They have supernatural abilities - they can become weak. "Which means they become invisible and can create subliminal mirages to deceive people. They have been fleeing from humans for a century, they told us, and they were removed one by one until they were left alone. 2. The movie begins when a beautiful mother and her son Arrive in a drowsy city, they are the last of the sleepwalkers and they are on the lookout for virgins to feed themselves.The mother sends her son to enroll in the local school so he can find a virgin, he does (Madchen Amick) and proceeds to try to take her alone so he can suck her. It is unclear why the mother can not seek her own virgins - this would make things easier to imagine, since that teenagers are much more apt to follow an older woman to an isolated area than a teenager behind a teenager. However, their plans are frustrated when the girl backs out, point a pencil in his ear. The police are called and the hunt is on! The son is sick from his wounds and thus the mother continues to attack by killing policemen left and right on his hunt for the girl who injured his son and spurted some painfully dull linings in the middle of the blood. Finally, the girl kills the final mother of the movie. This movie sucks! The acting varies, from the average of Brian Krause to the excellent Alice Krige. Special effects are average and show some computer effects that are slightly interesting as they show how far things have progressed in such a short time. The direction is confusing and the film falls to camping in some places. The director does not seem to know if we should fear the sleepwalkers or sympathize with them and, when in doubt, allow the film to become hysterical. Stephen King makes a small, entertaining appearance as an annoying gardener, as does Mark Hamill, as a puzzled cop. Alice Krige seems to shoulder the film, her character is given depth and she gives an indication that the film could have been with a better script and better direction.
