So in Network Chills, they're having the "Vampire Month", I'm such an idiot, but I love vampires. So, after a few failures they showed, I was rather disappointed, but then I realized that the Sleepwalker was written by Stephen King. So I decided to go ahead and take a look, well, to my surprise, this movie was really bad. Most Stephen King movies are fun and some are very scary. While sleepwalking was bad, it was a pretty kind of bad. I had so much fun laughing at this movie and just taking what it was. I've never read Sleepwalkers, so I understand this is the only real vampire story of King, so I can not compare book to film. I do not know if it was just my TV, but the Sleepwalkers looked like it was made for TV. The special effects were sentimental and the story was a little improbable, even if it was fantasy, it had many problems. <br /> <br /> Charles Brady and his mother Mary are vampires who feed on the life force of virgin women. They are considerably more resistant than humans and have powers of telekinesis and illusion. Their only weakness is cats, which are not only able to see through their illusions, but whose claws are capable of inflicting serious and fatal injuries. They also maintain an incestuous relationship. Charles and Mary settled in a small Indiana town. Charles attends local high school and there he meets Tanya Robertson in his creative writing class. Tanya does not suspect the real reason why Charles wants her so much; to bring his life force to his mother, who is starving. At first, it seems Charles fell in love with Tanya. On their first encounter, however, a picnic at the nearby cemetery, Charles attempts to drain Tanya's life force as he kisses her. It turns out that Deputy Sheriff Andy Simpson, who had earlier tried to pull Charles by speeding, drove through the graveyard and noticed Charles's car. When Tanya runs to him for help, Charles traces Andy and kills him. When Charles then turns to resume his life-force burnout session with Tanya, Clovis, the cop's cat, comes on the scene and almost kills Charles, scratching him on the face and chest. Mortally wounded by Clovis, Charles staggers home to Mary. Mary then seeks revenge on Tanya's family. <br /> <br /> So to summarize this movie basically, you should expect the cheese to overflow. The scene in which Charles attacks Tanya for the first time is very cliché and you almost vote for Charles to win just because Tanya is one of the most stupid female protagonists in horror films. So you have to love the scene where Mary has a gun and shoot a police car and somehow the whole thing explodes, God bless the explosions and exaggerations of Hollywood. I'm taking the movie for what it is, it's so deliciously bad that it turns into a somber comedy for me that I could just enjoy making fun of. I'm not sure if this is what Stephen King wanted to see for his story, but he has his own special part in the film. So my suggestion is that if you watch this movie, take it for what it is and do not think too much, it's mindless entertainment with gross effects, a bad casting, a silly story and enough cats to make the crazy cat lady from The Simpson "Wow, that's a lot of cats." <br /> <br /> 4/10
