I have to agree with some of the other comments and even take it one step further. <br /> <br /> Nothing about this movie worked, absolutely nothing. Delmar our central character makes the decision to become a surrogate mother in order to earn enough money to buy a restaurant but along the way falls in love with a wise ex-prisoner. At the same time, her friend Hortense is trying to get her lawyer boyfriend to marry her. She is also sleeping with Marlon, who is desperately in love with her. Then there's Delmar's brother, Jethro, who gets involved with an ex-cocaine addict, Missy, who reveals that she was sexually abused by her foster father. Behind the scenes we also have the eccentric who has a variety of equally strange friends, one of whom dies on the couch at the beginning of the movie. So far so good, but after presenting these characters and stories that approach life, death, sadness and love in the first half, the movie simply loses direction. <br /> <br /> If the writer had selected only one or two characters and allowed us to follow their stories, maybe things would be fine, but equal screen time is given to everyone, with the result that no story or character is fully developed. For example, why does Delmar think she will be able to deliver her child in exchange for money, especially when prospective parents are a fanatical lawyer and his semi-alcoholic and depressed wife? Why is Hortense so desperate to marry a man who is an idiot and clearly does not love her? How can Missy kick her cocaine habit overnight? Is Jethro regularly attracted to women with overwhelming problems, or is Missy the exception? Delmar and Jethro's mother have always been on the eccentric side, or is it a more recent development? Why is Jethro so interested in Cadillacs that he has one in the middle of his living room? Why did Moses spend years in prison for stealing a car, a relatively minor crime? How does Delmar manage to give birth to Moses' baby when there is no suggestion that they have had sex? <br /> <br /> These questions are put in the script, but unfortunately they are never answered. I can only assume that they were answered in the original novel and that is why the writer felt the need to include everything in the script. Big mistake. Losing several subplots, especially the story of Hortense and Marlon, which adds nothing to the film, would have tightened things considerably and allowed more time to develop the characters Delmar, Jethro and Moses that are clearly more central to the plot and underlying themes than any other person. . <br /> <br /> Add to that the more pedestrian style of driving seen outside of the novel's medium and the result is a great missed opportunity for everyone, including Jorja Fox, who does his best to outdo the material. No wonder this seems to have been the director's latest film, as this effort does not show any evidence of a visual style or ability to tell an intelligent and moving story.
