This movie is not rock, as others have said. I found it very boring and silly. The story is about this high school metal kid who idolizes this really bad heavy metal singer. The singer dies, but not before making a last album that will be played on the radio, of course, at midnight on Halloween (which he would actually do on November 1st, a much less potent date to be sure). The kid receives a copy of the record and contains hidden secret play messages. It is also the key that opens the door for the really bad metal singer to return to bring chaos and death to the world. <br /> <br /> The first part of this movie is not a horror movie, but an After School Special. We see the metal kid (the stranger) repeatedly tormented by the popular children. And he can not learn the most important lesson in high school movies: when cool kids who bully you suddenly invite you to a party, do not go! It's a trap. Especially if it's a pool party. Anyone surprised when it ends up in the water? It was an After School Special that I kept waiting for Melissa Sue Anderson to show up and teach a lesson to Jody Foster. <br /> <br /> So, back to the horror part of the movie. So this metal boy has some powers and instead of using them to kill the bullying boys (which would have made so much more sense), he goes crazy and tries to protect all the boys and boys from evil. What? A sensitive hero? What is fun in a horror movie? Thank God, Carrie White did not follow this lesson. He actually tries to avoid having the music played in Halloween Dance, music that could unleash the power to kill all the kids who went bad for him. If it was me, I would've put that song on and that's it. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is about this metal kid going around town trying to kill the horrible metal star he idolized. Why not partner with him and actually do some damage. Why do you ask? He seems to be in love with one of the popular girls and does not want her to get hurt ... more appropriate for a Molly Ringwald movie. Is this a horror movie or an episode of Beauty and the Beast? The film continues and continues at this moment, without scares, horror or anything worth watching. If you went to high school in the late 80's like I did, this movie is fun to have a little fashion flashback and great hair, but that's it for this movie. Jump and stay home and just listen to a little KISS.
