Antonioni, in making this film, took on the role of Papa Smurf for all the radical, American, long-haired student Smurfs. He had taken them under the guiding wing of his European Communist wings, showing appreciation and support for his confused American ways. (These Smurfs are red and wear blue, not the other way around.) The radical Smurfs were happy to get the guidance of an old gray-haired sage who regularly attacks the God of all the long-haired Smurfs, Lenin the Communist. another wise old man whose beard made the Smurfs take him even more seriously, for it symbolized something sensible, though they did not know well why they thought the beard had such a profound effect on them. Castro, another wise-bearded man, often profited from this confusion and exuded magical powers with his beard over his naive foreign admirers. (Not to mention Che Guevara: that the beard has a certain je-ne-sais-pas-quoi about it, does someone want to immediately embrace Marx and his lovely pacifist teachings ??) The movie begins with a confused encounter of radically stupid students radicals, who engage in dialogues that truly redefine the word "confused." As confused as a blind dog, falling from a tall building into a bottomless pit. Suddenly the "hero" of the film (well, Antonioni's hero) gets up and says something to his pathetic lefties and then leaves, hoping that this "mega-coldness" show will enhance his image of James Dean and increase his chances . to have sex with the best "girls" in the next massive hippie orgy. Eventually, he gets into trouble with cops (for example, pigs) at a rally, and passes the movie under the blue American capitalist skies, in search of freedom? Or something like that. Antonioni's predictable attack on capitalism is not only intellectually empty, but has (or does not) offer nothing new; are just the same old one-dimensional cops, businessmen discussing business (and what's wrong with that, is not that how Antonioni's movies are made?), and endless filming of TV commercials and advertising posters decadent products to the disgusting, selfish, greedy population of right-wing rage who thinks of no one but herself, her families, her work, and her children. Daddy Smurf Antonioni, as well as his long Smurfs and Smurfettes of the late 1960s, did not realize the most obvious and vital aspect of his foolish move: they were allowed to have their meetings laughable and freely express their opinions contrary to while the students of those countries whose left systems they admire do not (and still do not). By far the greatest irony about the hippies - and Antonioni, of course, failed to realize this too (his judgment is obscured by smelling cocaine and excessive intake of LSD) - is that the hippies were (are) the waste-trash of capitalism. . This is an incredible irony. Only in a successful capitalist system can you find that species called "hippie"; a spoiled, ungrateful, and selfish group of middle and upper-middle class losers. <br /> <br /> The movie itself seems to last forever. Antonioni takes his sweet time with this, while including excessive scenes of worthlessness, with a high dullness factor. His attempts at symbolism are annoying and banal. Your statements are highly dubious, at best. This film is Antonioni's way of saying that violent revolution is the solution. And this is what we get from an old fat, saturated, filthy, and rich filmmaker who lives in homes and restaurants in the best French and Italian restaurants. <br /> <br /> I do not remember seeing any great Western Movie about the Tiananmen massacre of thousands of students in China. But when a Western student is shot by waving Che Guevara's face across all our faces, we get ten great films about it all at once. I suppose this means that a Chinese life is worth a thousand times less than a Western one? at least for the left-leaning hypocrites who infest the films. <br /> <br /> If you are a neo-hippie Marxist and do not like this terrible criticism, please click "NO" below.
