This movie is definitely a product of its times and seen in any other context, it is an incredibly stupid movie. Heck, even seen in its proper context, is very bad !! Mainly, this is due to a silly plot and a very self-indulgent direction of the famous Italian director, Michelangelo Antonioni. In this case, he tried to merge a very artistic style movie with an anti-establishment hippie movie and only succeeded in producing a bomb of gigantic proportions. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a rap session where many "with it" students sit around saying things like "power to the people" and complaining about "man". Considering that most of these hippies have parents sending them to college, it seemed a bit silly that these privileged children would complain so loudly and shout the revolutionary jargon. A little later, violence between students and "establishment pigs" erupts and a police officer is killed. Our "hero", Mark, may or may not have done so, but is forced to flee to avoid being sued. Instead of going to Mexico or Canada, he does what a total idiot would do: steal a plane and drive you to the Mojave Desert! There he meets a girl and they sit for hours philosophizing. So they have sex in one of the strangest sex scenes in movie history. As they spin on the dust, suddenly other couples appear from nowhere and there is a huge orgy scene. While you see a bit of skin (ensuring an R rating), it is not as explicit as it could have been. In fact, it lasts so long and it seems so choreographed that it just confuses the mind. And, of course, when they are finished, many, many other couples disappear into thin air. <br /> <br /> Strangely, the couple later paint the plane with some help and look a lot like Peter Max's creation. Despite improving the appearance of the plane, the evil cops respond to the return of the plane by firing at the good revolutionary. When the girl discovers, she enters a semi-catatonic state and the film ends with her apparently imagining the destruction of her own fascist pig parents and all the evil they represent (such as hard work and responsibility). Instead of a simple blast, you see the same huge house explode about 8 times. So, inexplicably, you see TVs, refrigerators, and other things exploding in slow motion. Although stupid, it's pretty cool to see - kind of when David Letterman blows things up or breaks things in his program. <br /> <br /> In addition to a stupid plot, the film suffers from a strong need for a single sympathetic character as well as extensive editing. At least 15 minutes can be easily removed to speed things up a bit - especially since there really is not as much plot or dialogue. The result is that this is an incredibly stupid movie and I was not surprised to see it listed in Harry Medved's The Fifty Worst Films. It is a well-deserved addition to this garbage pantheon. For such a famous director to spend so much money to produce such a crappy movie is a crime! <br /> <br /> Two concluding remarks. If you like to laugh at silly hippie movies, also try to watch THE TRIAL OF BILLY JACK. In addition, in a case of art imitating life, the leader, Mark Frechette, represented his character in real life. He died at the age of 27 in prison a few years after participating in a "revolution" act in which he and some friends stole a bank and killed an innocent person. Damn hippies !!
