The sequel to Preposter extends credibility largely as demonic sociopath Stanley Kaldwell returns this time infiltrating into the motion picture production of the novel he wrote for drowning in gardens, assuming the identity of a second-unit director whom he murdered. <br /> <br /> Film plays merrily in Hollywood, with an ironic script that shoots at tyrannical directors who sleep with their actresses (... looking for a way to climb the ladder) and dislike anyone who challenges them completely spotlight. Brian Krause, who I found dreadful, exaggerating to the point that the satire seems incredibly forced, portrays the noisy, moody director who does not like the fact that his second unit director and screenwriter, Alison (played by Dahlia Salem). ) seems to be taking over production. Andrew Moxham is Paul Parsons, who is the brother of a victim of the first film. The dark humor of the movie, this time, takes the idea of ​​a serial killer actually operating as a director of a film set and exploits it for all it's worth. Nelson again slips back into his psychotic role without any difficulty, with Stanley smarter than ever, using his brains to command a film production, killing anyone in order to keep full control of his work, leaving no one in foot. way..that until Alison realizes that it really is Stanley. Alison is the kind of ambitious writer who wants to grasp the essence of his subject ... what motivated Stanley to kill, why would he do such a thing, and what led such a man down this somber path? Alison's humor, in fact, working with this same man is also part of the satire at the heart of this somber comedy thriller. Of course, you have the inevitable confrontation between Alison and Stanley, with a really ridiculous and unbelievable conclusion about the fate of the killer (a pill difficult to swallow). Unlike the first film, which was photographed with sophisticated polish, director Po-Chih Leong uses unnecessary techniques that are not necessary (like shooting all kinds of strange angles, slow motion in a sepia color and multiple instances captured on video), and yes to bother rather than to impress. This sequel, to me, was not on target as much as the original, with much of the less effective and obvious humor.
