Need a lesson of pure and abject failure? Look no further than "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom," a lousy and poor misfortune of a movie. As we all know, decent moovies tend to spring from horrible and horrible children: "Halloween" spawned many, many bad films about the 1980s; "Mad Max" spawned many, many bad 80's films "futuristic wasteland fantasy"; and "Conan the Barbarian" spawned a whole series of terrible, horrible, and incredibly bad sword and witchcraft films from the 1980s. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" scrapes the bottom of the 80s barrel in a way that is really insulting for the barrels. A rude young man named Simon recaptured his "good realm" from an evil sorcerer with the help of a mangy rug, a garden gnome, a topless mermaid, and a plump, tired Bo Svenson. Svenson ("North Dallas Forty", "Inglourious Basterds", "Delta Force"), a long-standing muscular man b-moovie, can barely swing his aluminum foil sword. However, he manages to defeat the forces of evil, consisting of the evil sorcerer Shurka and his army of monsters, giants and dwarves badly dressed. At one point, a paper mache bat on a rope strikes, but is eaten by a hidden half-stocking doll, woefully presented as some sort of dragon. The beginning of the film consists of what can only be politely described as pieces of scenes taken from the floor of the cutting room of bad udder moovies, stitched together in the vain hope of creating the setting for the film, and narrated very seriously by A Face that never appears again. Words can not adequately convey the low cost of the film; the producers probably spent moore moore feeding Svenson's growing throat than with the film's brutality. And we're talking about Brie here, folks ... Director Hector Olivera ("Queen Barbara") presents this miscellany in a desperately confused, confused and clichéd way, destroying any possible clue of clear, linear narrative. . The acting is lousy, the production levels below the shoe string, and the plot is a tired cliché after the other parading before our tired eyes. That they actually made a sequel (!!!) makes MooCow's brain whirl. The music of James Horner's ("Braveheart", "Titanic", "The Rock") moosic of "Battle Beyond the Stars" was raised, screaming and kicking, and relentlessly grafted onto this turkey - bet it does not appear on your resume. Guys, you have to see this to believe. MooCow says that as a cheapo rent when there's nothing left to watch, well, it's fun moore than watching the dusty mate bunnies. Bad.: = 8P
