What we have here is an incompetence of the early 80's that will make the biggest connoisseur of trash cinema completely speechless! "The Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a very cheap and extravagant fantasy / adventure of Sword and Witchcraft that does not have a real plot, but lends eagerly and blatantly elements of other films. Writer Ed Naha and Hector Olivera (who?) Watched a kind of movie similar enough to know they needed a handful of essential characters, but probably figured that everything else would follow automatically. To make a fantasy adventure you need: a super-evil villain (preferably with a black cape), a young hero in training, a solitary warrior, a kind of hairy pet, a wise dwarf who lives in the forest (optional ) and a whole colorful collection of heinous demons, enslaved dwarves and winged gargoyles to serve as filler. The story is phenomenal and so original, with Simon the young son of a magician having to flee his beloved kingdom after the evil magician Shurka takes over and killed the king. Simon wants to come back and save people, but he needs his powerful ring that he lost during his escape. Simon befriends solitary warrior Kor (the normally cool Bo Svenson who clearly needed the paycheck), who helps Simon during the long and devastating journey of trials, dangerous encounters and magical confrontations. Admittedly it does not even look so bad by now, but that's only because I deleted all the little delicately ineffective details. Simon has a best friend named Gulfax, for example. Gulfax is an albino version of Chewbacca and evokes uncontrollable laughter whenever he opens his poodle snout to scream something incomprehensible. The obstacles during the trip back home are hilariously irrelevant to the "plot" and simply serve as filming to cover up the lack of real content. Simon has nightmarish visions inside the tent of a suspicious forest nymph, Kor lays down an old score with the pig-faced enemy whose sister he refused to marry and there is the supposedly horrible 'suicide cave' where you can only sing. But the absolute sequence more unequally bright? not only of this movie alone, but in the history of cinema? involves the resurrection of four zombie warriors. Simon wakes up the legendary brave warriors, hoping they will aid them in their battle, but the rotting corpses take only a few steps, complain about how tired they are and return to their graves. That's it! So much for the subgroup of zombies! Best sequel ever! I could list little unintentional details and hilaries for several paragraphs, but you get it. "The Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a tremendously confusing film "It's so bad it's good." Word of advice: Do not watch this joyful piece of junk alone. Invite friends, preferably guys with bad-tempered faces, and watch in groups. Is it a night to remember ??
