From the outset, you know that this is a Sam Sherman movie more than an Al Adamson movie because, according to the credits, "A Sam Sherman Production" appears in letters as big as the title. Not only that, Sherman co-wrote the screenplay and it was his idea to use Bob Livingstone, a 69-year-old West Hollywood star to be his star in a photo Sherman thought he would capitalize on. about the recent success of "Swinging Stewardesses". <br /> <br /> Now, why would you want to have an old wrinkled as your main actor in what should be a soft-core exploiting feature? That defies explanation, but that's Sam Sherman for you. His obsession with old Hollywood colored many of his films for Independent International Pictures, and he and Al Adamson often tried to get actors for their films (for example, J. Carrol Naish, Russ Tamblyn, Lon Chaney Jr., etc.). But Bob Livingstone? Tell me that the demographic drive-in knew who the second appraiser of the 1940s was; it's ridiculous! <br /> <br /> But again, "Naughty Stewardesses" was a hit movie for them, so we can not just write this as a Sherman fiasco. Still, by any aesthetic standard, it is an incoherent mess. Al Adamson wanted to leave this picture, and it's easy to see why. Firstly, it has no genre focus and goes from the super soft core (tits and butt / mock sex only) to a kidnapping thriller (shades of "Rat Pfink and Boo Boo" by Steckler!) In the middle, we are submitted to painfully boring sequences of flight attendants strolling through Vegas to Sparrow's banal music, or Richard Smedley and Connie Hoffmann at a photo shoot in San Francisco. Worst of all, we have Bob Livingstone as an aspiring Jack LaLanne in a blue jumpsuit trying to be sexy ... joke! (Fortunately, your big sex scene with Connie Hoffmann has been deleted, but you can see it sucking your breasts on the DVD in the Special Features section. Scary.) <br /> <br /> This is a terrible and terrible movie but I'm going to give three stars to Gary Graver's photography and out of sympathy to Connie Hoffmann for having to do this with "Wrinkles" Livingstone. "Stewardesses impertinent" is for the Al Adamson finalists and / or academics for feature films, as Sam Sherman's commentary provides insider and vital information. Everyone else, BEWARE.
