Such is the dilemma (above) that Debbie must face at the end of this production of Sam Sherman Naughty Stewardesses. Debbie has just arrived in the city, becomes a flight attendant, slept with a wealthy old man (whom she describes as being 50, but obviously hit that mark a decade or two ago), films nude scenes for a photographer she finished to know. central element of a kidnapping / extortion plan. For all this and amid all the emotional turmoil and soul-searching, what in heaven's name will Debbie do? Well, I can not give up completely, but do not expect any true epiphany here. Let's face it. Naughty stewardesses is exactly what he wants to be (at least two-thirds): a softcore porn movie with many topless women and a funny in that 70-year-old movie. There is no great art here. The film was designed to make money and explore a growing trend in placing nymphomaniac stewardesses in movies so the public could vicariously live their voyeuristic tastes. By today's standards, the film is very tame. What this movie does wrong is trying to be some kind of movie in the end. Come on, anybody here believing that little diatribe for Debbie while on the beach contemplating life. She would spend more time choosing which top she would wear that day and then doing it. And the ridiculous plot to steal 50,000? It did not make sense to me, so how did these characters "dig" it? Someone buying Cal as a member of the PLO (something like that) or even as director of heavy pornography? He would be lucky to work on the Seven Eleven! This is, as another reviewer noted, more of a Sam Sherman piece at the time and a play by Al Adamson. You can tell when Al is in full charge. There's virtually no budget and the movie does not look as polished as that. Adamson does a decent job driving this time and I have to give Sherman credit to some extent. While this movie is bad just for what it should be, it has a certain style. I liked the opening credits with the animation and photos. I even liked Sparrow's music. "Silver Heels" was a rather captivating song. The movie does not look really cheap. Compare that to any of Al's horror films. As for the cast, yes, Bob Livingston is a bit old for the lead but a little bit of an exam was for his character and the obvious thread that young women are attracted to men with money was explored too. I had big problems with Robert Smedley, who was simply horrible in his role. All the girls have great sets, so what else was required of them, huh? Naughty Stewardesses is a relatively innocuous exploration film from the 1970s and will serve as a life time capsule for certain aspects of life during that decade. By the way, did I mention that it is a very bad photo?
