It seems that the people behind Envy have noticed that recent comedies - especially those involving Ben Stiller and, to a lesser extent, Jack Black - have been spoofs of situation, which have steadily declined in originality and generally laugh. I found Zoolander's absurdity completely hilarious when it was released, Starsky and Hutch were also nice, and then Dodgeball kept the laughter to many people, although personally I was a bit tired of the over-the-top characters - especially when the scene did not was so funny (maybe the comedy of a Dodgeball tournament does not translate to Australia, where it is rarely played). So in an attempt to do something a bit more original, Envy walks away from an absurd scenario and revolves around the absurd creation of the character of Jack Black (I will not spoil what it is for those who want to see the movie). The problem is that the movie seems to drag on, I'm not a big movie fan to be able to think of examples, but it seems like this setup was done thousands of times before - and very rarely with success. So instead of a nice comedy, crisp, nice and cool, you get a movie that just seems to go through the motions. Of course the moves can be a lot of fun, and they are centered on an idea that is quirky enough to provide a few laughs - especially with Jack Black playing the lively and entertaining, though somewhat 2D, creator. Ben Stiller on the other hand seems a bit lost, he is asked to play a more complete role than the ridiculous characters of his Zoolander film race, but he fights as a family man if his fault or the scripts, there is depth enough for the character and the result is a Ben Stiller movie making these typical mannerisms and generally becoming tedious. Performance does not leave a mark on the viewer (he's just Ben Stiller, Jack Black manages to portray a character - though not challenging). The last annoying element of the film is the role of Christopher Walken as 'The J Man', which is as typical and two-dimensional as the characters come, and of course it becomes monotonous and frustrating very quickly. <br /> <br /> It's really not as unbearable as some people think, it's watchable, especially if you're in the mood (feeling silly would be a good prerequisite to watching this movie). Hire her on a movie night with friends and watch her after watching a scary movie and feeling light-we hope you're a little drunk, too. In this scenario, I can imagine that it would be quite nice, but generally it provides few laughs to carry and, most of the time, just crawls.
