I admit I like the so-called "frat-pack" films. No matter how bad they are, I can find something to like Ben Stiller or Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn or Will Ferrell or Jack Black. But "envy" just left me as cold as the white horse Ben discarded. This time, Ben and Jack Black are two crazy neighbors, one of whom (Black) discovers an aerosol to make animal poop disappear and becomes incredibly rich while the other (Stiller) squirms with envy. This is supposedly the plot, but then drifts in other directions that really do not make much sense. <br /> <br /> I think the 'Vapoorize' thing is kind of fun in the beginning. The problem is that they try to hold the gag for the whole picture (Black has a plaque that says "Caca King") and gets quite tiring. But even Ben and Jack are misused; the energy level for both performances seems significantly reduced. The two best performances by far are Rachel Weisz and Chris Walken. The neo-hippie-dippie guy from Walken is such an eccentric and so well-modulated performance that he never really suggests any of Walken's familiar crazy characters. It's completely original, but still appears as unmistakably Walken. And Weisz is about the best actress in the business that nobody knows. Even with limited screen time, she still dominates every scene she's in. The crucial point of the so-called drama is that Ben, in a drunken jealous stupor, accidentally films Jack's white stallion, and then goes to ridicule to cover up, fearing that his best friend will find out and kill him . But the twist in the story is not credible, because there is nothing about Jack's character to indicate he would do such a thing. He plays a guy so sweet it makes null and void all the excruciating horse chase. You completely discount. It's all filler. And what is the purpose of the carousel out of control, except that Barry Levinson wants us to know he saw "Strangers on a Train"? The script is painfully bad and their acting is misdirected. Someone with Levinson's background should know better. Maybe someone invents something to make this movie disappear. Oh, wait, they already have.
