Jack Frost, childless, is not the warm family film about a father who comes back from the dead in the form of a snow man. It's about a sadistic killer named Jack Frost, who is sprayed with some acidic fluid and is turned into a snow killer. Turns out I took a copy of this movie so I could sit and laugh at it. A snow slayer? Ha, it sounds like the perfect comedy / horror movie! Well, I was wrong, very wrong. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is about a killer being transported by truck to jail so he can fry in the chair at midnight. But it's a snowy night and collides with a government tanker carrying a new DNA fluid. Jack escapes only to be burned to death by acid and turns into a killer snowman. He returns to the small town of Snowmonton where he was picked up by a small time sheriff. Here he is ready to kill again, now as a snowman with colder powers. It can condense into water, trigger ice cycles like spears and grow killer fangs. The only question is, who can stop Frost? This movie is below the typical B-Movie line. The film starts cheesy, but as soon as Jack is burned by acid, it falls quickly below the cheese line and becomes empty. The acting of one is terrifying! Here we have a whole cast of unreleased actors who either can not act, can act, but have a character without meaning, or are here just for a few extra exchanges. The only good actor is Scott MacDonald, who plays Jack. He looks like a young Richard Kiel combined with Frankenstein. Unfortunately, his appearance is only reduced to three minutes and all we see of him is his new form of Snowman and his wise trembling voice. Besides, your jokes are anything but funny. Moaning, stupid and bad. <br /> <br /> The plot is horrible! Throughout history, there have been countless killers. A killer in a hockey mask, a killer with a razer glove, a chainsaw wielding an idiot, a quick St Bernard, but now we bow to a tacky, slaying snow man? Oh come on! And the way the characters are presented is terrible. For one thing, I really wanted Jack to kill the sheriff's son, I mean giving his father oats with antifreeze on them so they do not freeze? All the characters are stupid and pointless and the killings are cartoonish. A woman strangled with Christmas lights and her head crushed in a decorative box and a girl is taken to death in the shower (where is the carrot in that scene, eh?). <br /> <br /> This horrible movie is special effects. The first big special effect we have is Jack's DNA mingling with the snow and the kid is terrible. I mean, it looks like a 1960s art design fashion, PU! Jack looks fake too. He looks like a person covered with rubber snow man's skin. All blood and blood are cheesy and the film never takes off with greatness, but instead, it bends to low levels. <br /> Jack Frost is one of the worst horror movies ever made. I thought it would be a riot, but no! It does not try to be funny and it really tries to be scary. Jack Frost wins 4 out of 10, at least made me laugh at what's horrible. Do not bother with this piece of junk. Jack Frost = D +
