This is a low budget parody of the espionage genre. To help formulate your expectations, you should know that: (1) The acting is extremely heavy. The stars are having a lot of fun offering their lines with excessive eye movements, frequent manual gestures and out-of-the-box stimulation. (2) The script, deliberately, lacks continuity and plausibility. Often the lines are abruptly shocking and funny because they have absolutely no relevance to the previous elements of the plot. (3) The photos are often framed at off-balance angles, mocking the excesses of the genre. (4) Wide-eyed Jeff Goldblum offers a complex and classically absurd dialogue in a sarcastic and victorious way. <br /> <br /> The film has a guiding intelligence, deliberately beginning with a plot element stolen from the B movies of the movie. 1930: a secret code with a structure that would defy Carl Sagan's explanation. The exaggerated performance of the film is mainly used for comic effect during the first 90 minutes. On an initial joke, Fay Grim's son, Ned, is so often told to leave that you can not help laughing while you feel sorry for the boy. Parker Posey's well-choreographed fall from the bed also helps set a humorous tone at the beginning of the film. The slow pace of the movie does not improve the comedy elements or drama elements that later appear. The impact of the film as drama is significantly diminished by early comedy. Also, it's hard to get too involved with the characters and their destinies when the first parts of the movie are so sarcastic. The music score is intentionally heavy, and I found it (and the camera angles misaligned) more annoying than funny. <br /> <br /> Exaggerated acting, the implausible and almost incomprehensible plot of conspiracy conspiracies, and the slow pace will disrupt many viewers. The movie is too long in 158 minutes. That said, fans who are receptive to the film's sarcasm may want to watch it again ... using closed caption to better capture the clever ridicule of dialogue. The film was too slow for me and the sarcasm seemed heavier than light. But, the comedy may very well appeal to your liking. The film is worth a glimpse for those who like independent films, fans of director Hal Harley, or devotees of Parker Posey (who has more camera time).
