I did not see "Henry Fool", but after watching "Fay Grim" I'm not sure I want to. Maybe Hartley intends to be the "anti-thriller" director - he certainly did with this yawner. Based on the official description --- the woman discovers that her dead husband's manuscript contains material that could pose a threat to national security --- I expected a tense geopolitical drama. Instead, I have a fragile structure, silly dialogues, flabby characterizations, a complicated plot, and a "tone" that changes so many times that it suggests that Hartley changed the script according to his mood at any moment. I can stay for a long time with a frustrating and difficult to follow plot (eg "Duplicity") because I think the loose ends eventually fit. Even when they do not do it or do it, but leave persistent questions (eg, "Duplicity"), acute writing and acting can keep someone's interest. But halfway through "Fay Grim" I came to a deadly conclusion - I did not know what was happening, and I did not care. What a pity, because I really like Parker Posey, reduced here to work with an absurd part that asked her to change from an indifferent and indifferent woman, a clueless mother to a tough and intelligent player capable of dealing psychologically with terrorists . There is also a bad cast. Jeff Goldblum may be very good, but he is not able to overcome the miscastamento as agent of the CIA. He looks almost as uncomfortable on paper as I was staring at him. Your CIA helper is worse; he looks like a refugee from the quarterfinals of "American Idol" (are there really young CIA agents with big licks of hair scattered over their foreheads?). Then there is the complicated question of the ages of the characters. Goldblum was 54 when he did "Fay Grim"; Thomas Jay Ryan, who plays "Henry Fool", was 44 years old. Nor was it made to look or look older than its actual ages. However, a key point in the story is that they acted as CIA agents in Nicaragua "in the 1970s." Goldblum's character would have been in his 20s then; Henry Fool would have been a teenager. Was Hartley "peculiar" or lazy? The problems are too numerous to list ...
