I say "I think" on this line because, frankly, I have not seen a Hal Hartley movie so far. It's not that I have not heard of him, since he was seen as one of those small filmmakers in New York (when I say small, I mean even smaller than Jim Jarmusch), who made ultra personal projects with limited budgets. Ironically, as in Pasolini's Salo, although in a slightly different context, Fay Grim interests me to see some of Hartley's most acclaimed features, because there seems to be at least some similarity of talent behind it, as if Hartley * might be a very good filmmaker, who may be so good that he just caught a big experimental error. Or, on the other hand, he could be someone very impressed with his own idiosyncrasies and possible Godard-like film collisions. <br /> <br /> I can not explain the story, which may or may not be a problem, I suppose, however, is not really due to not have seen the movie that preceded Fay Grim, Henry Fool. I think even if I had this experience, it would not make much difference based on the final results. There's a lot of international espionage, a double plot involved inside another that fell into the fake pockets of the title character, interpreted far and wide by Parker Posey (not sure if that's good or bad, maybe both), and also involves an agent from CIA (Jeff Goldblum, as usual a solid presence in the midst of the mania, even evoking a few laughs), not to mention a box full of orgies and author Henry Fool. It is not that the script is totally impenetrable, however much it occurs in over-estimated gaps just because of it, because there are some touches of witty or strangely alien dialogues. <br /> <br /> Quite simply, the direction just sucks. Harltey is in love with the Third Man, which is fine, but he imposes a consistently head-inducing style of everything being angled at an angle, with the characters having to enter the picture in an equally strange manner. Not since Battlefield Earth actually has a director coming out so annoyingly trying to make the unnecessary choice of titled angles for some bizarre dramatic effect, but this time Hartley is not in the middle of a f ***-cluster, he's the responsible for this. That, along with Godard's crazy headlines that pop up here and there, some funky and some totally stupid, and the segments of staging still photos, and some moments involving action that almost remind me of Wood, weakens any potential that is in the script, which is already quite difficult to decipher. In a way, it's fascinating to see how bad this all goes, but a kind of fascination that comes from seeing the negative side of total creative control in a kind of small-scale history. <br /> <br /> But let it be known: you probably will not find a more pretentious and despicable example of independent American cinema this year.
