THE MASTER OF THE GUILHOTINA VOADORA, 1975, is an amazing and wonderful film to watch. This is not because the fight is particularly inspired or because the movie makes any sense. It's because the movie is so silly and so exaggerated that it's a camp classic - bad, but pleasantly bad. The film is starring a blind guy who has a device resembling a frisbee in a chain that cuts people's heads as he cleverly throws it at his enemies! Who cares about the impossibility of physics or the fact that the film presents silly things like wrestlers with 12-foot paper mache arms or that the guy was blind! It's just a ball to watch from start to finish - and one of my favorite "bad" movies is great to see with friends. <br /> <br /> Because of this film, I was eager to see FLATING FLATING FATAIS (1977), although unfortunately it was not a sequel, but rather an imitation - taking away many of the ideas from the original, but leaving to make the film coherent or watchable. Of course, it's silly fun, but it never comes close to Master of the Flying Guillotine in entertainment value. Like the original film, there are these strange flying devices that cut heads, but they are quite different - with circular saw blades and almost a mind of its own. There is also no blind man, but a bunch of thugs who really do not have depth nor the public understands exactly what is happening in this version dubbed in English, since the plot is completely incomprehensible. However, at the same time, some of the martial arts are very good. Although it does not meet the high standards of most Bruce Lee or Sonny Chiba movies, the action is worth it despite the absurd and often confusing plot. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a movie that martial arts fans like (despite its many, many, many, many, many defects), but also one that others will probably turn off or laugh hysterically instead to enjoy the action because the film is so ridiculous. BUT most importantly, it never comes close to being as funny or watchable as FLYING GUILTY MASTER. What a pity.
