This film should be shown to film school students as an example of what NOT to do. The original kicked some big tires, this horrible disaster breaks the fundamental rule of Bruckheimer's films, which is: we all know they are bad, but they have a great deed. This movie has no action. This movie is boring. Where are the cars? Where are the persecutions? Where's the tension? Where's the suspense? Where's the hurry? At where!!?? This is not really a movie, it's a bad commercial. 50 cars in 24 hours? This is wrong. They have 3 days to steal them, the ad is wrong. How bad is it? The acting of the actors is hard, wooden and forced. The villain, the policeman, the others ... who cares. They utter their meaningless lines, they serve the illogical plot. They slog through it the best they can, as the music video director says, "do not worry we'll make a lot of quick cuts and no one will notice how bad the movie is" or "let's fix it with a lot of noise music" The "script" is not really a script, it's more like a list of cliches with an ending that is a total of: ------- Warning - possible spoiler ------ 5 ------ 4 ----- 3 ----- 2 ----- 1 ------ The Fugitive. The biggest crime of all is the underutilization of Vinnie Jones, dude .... this is the worst and coolest mold since Jules in Pulp Fiction. And what do they do !? They make him a dumb one who's hardly in the movie! Make Vinnie the main villain and he could have saved the movie. How could they have been such idiots? As? As? Because? The original movie is a lot of fun with a cool trick at the end that pushes the pilot away. The original has a great 40 minute chase that delivers! Go find the original. Or if you're craving real car chase action, rent RONIN. The persecutions at Ronin have raised the level by which all other car chases will be judged now. Bruckheimer and Cage had all that money, all of the resources, all that experience, and they can not even come close to matching a movie made 25 years ago for $ 250,000? How can be? You feel like you've been robbed after watching this movie. Where I once was excited to see the Ugly Coyote, Remember the Titans and Pearl Harbor, now I say: God help us all. <br /> <br />
