DR. If you want to see a holiday movie that will inspire your seasonal spirits and continue the traditional classic fable of Dr. Seuss, I do not see "Dr. Seuss" How the Grinch Stole Christmas. "If you're old enough to read this review, you're probably too old to get some kind of fun out of that movie. It contains many colors, creative production design and imaginative set and fantasy construction, cheerful loading noises and the characters are made to look like the real inhabitants of the fictional village of Whoville.Unfortunately that's where the positive elements of the film end, the rest of the production is nothing more than an excuse for Jim Carrey to laugh at the screen while giving a devilish grin at the same time <br /> <br /> Many people recognize the story of how the grinch stole Christmas from Whoville, so I will not waste my time writing a detailed synopsis for you to read. , I will say that the story of the film is performed in three great acts: the development of the grinch and scenery, the Whoville festival and the vision of Dr. Seuss about that who steals the Christmas Who's. There are many familiar names in the credits here, but there are no familiar faces. As in "Battlefield Earth," I just do not see why producers would hire expensive actors just to have their identities protected by makeup and unrecognizable fantasies. Regardless, there is Molly Shannon from SNL as Betty Lou, the wife of Bill Irwin, the later playing Lou Lou, the father of little Cindy Lou, played by Taylor Momsen. Jeffrey Tambor is the Mayor of Whoville, Anthony Hopkins lends his gaudy voice to the film's narrator, and Christine Baranski is Grinch's only lost lover. <br /> <br /> Filmmakers try to bring originality to the story by adding unnecessary subplots and focusing a lot on little Cindy Lou. The screenplay by Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman seems to go everywhere on the film scene; there is little or no focus from director Ron Howard and the screenplay is predictable, too extensive and planned. The only character given any distinction here is the Grinch himself, all the other characters are plot puppets, without form and uninteresting. And the dialogue is too zealous and too abrupt to be anything but pathetic. Example-Grinch: Oh, man-man! <br /> <br /> The redeeming factors of the film go to talented production designer Michael Corenblith, costume designer Rita Ryack and the extensive makeup department. "Like the Grinch Stole Christmas" is a very beautiful production. The scenarios and atmosphere created by the filmmakers are detailed and imaginative; it is as if the public were visiting a world as in a dream. The people of Whoville are full of makeup, to the point that we can not tell the actor who recites humorless lines. Although stunning, I really can not give credit to the performances because they are most sought after because the expensive technical department takes its place. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey is an actor that I can talk to. His performance is what almost destroys the film itself. He is very egocentric as the Grinch, too exaggerated and too comical to allow the story to be recognizable as the work of Seuss. Surprisingly, while there are some funny moments due to some cunningly crafty sequences, no laughter comes from Jim Carry's crazy foolishness. It's almost like the movie was written specifically for Carry to exaggerate his part. This factor only takes the film to a wild but brainless comedy, which is just a pale shadow of the original Christmas classic "How the Grinch Stole Christmas." <br /> <br /> After this movie, historians should check out the coffin of the late author Dr. Seuss may have rolled into his grave. <br /> <br />
