(possible spoilers) <br /> <br /> Someone once asked Dr. Seuss if they could guarantee the rights to the movie for his classic Christmas 1957 How the Grinch Stole Christmas. He refused, insisting that no one could do better than Chuck Jones's wonderful TV special of 1966 (also in his mind, perhaps, his bitter experience of writing Dr. T's 5,000 Fingers script, 1953). When the good Dr. died in 1991, his widow, Audrey Geisel, still stubbornly refused to sell the rights to the film. But with the common use of CGI effects becoming a reality, Ms. Geisel changed her mind. Universal made a generous offer that it accepted; she also accepted the cast of Jim Carrey as the title character. Supposedly she was pleased with the end result. Well, Mrs. Geisel, this makes one of us. <br /> <br /> The film received a budget of $ 123,000,000 (which is more than the cost of Heaven's Gate, including the adjustment for inflation), which obviously went to the elaborate makeup, set design and effects (which are, in a way, hampered by obscure cinematography). Unfortunately, it seems that none of these funds was set aside to get a better script than Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman (scribes of Who Framed Roger Rabbit ?, who made much better use of a high budget) turned in. While the TV special was a 26-minute non-commercial trim, this movie tries to fill a runtime of 105 minutes with more information about the Grinch background. It turns out that, as a child, he was ridiculed, including a particularly humiliating experience on an eight-year-old Christmas. So it turns out that everything that afflicts our poor Mr. Grinch is directly because of the Whos. The problem is that it seems a long 105 minutes, with a lot of dead wood clogging the story. That might not sound so bad if only the Grinch was a little more ... well, Grinchy. The character Dr. Seuss wrote and Chuck Jones later encouraged was a fox whose attempts to kidnap the holiday season were hampered by his sudden (and exponential growth) heart. Carrey's Grinch is a tall, hyperactive idiot and sometimes a thug who, when he made the holiday "Cheermeister", destroys the square in the Whoville town with anger. (I hope the landscape has a taste as good as it sounded). This weakens the script's attempt to make the Grinch more sympathetic, with all the Whoville Whos so unfriendly (at least in that interpretation). <br /> <br /> The Whoville of Dr. Seuss's vision was a small town populated by honest people who knew in their hearts the true meaning of Christmas. The Whoville in the movie is a rather noisy and crowded place, inhabited by materialistic, selfish, and spoiled ninjas; an obvious attempt to comment on American consumerism. This is offensive, hypocritical, to the extent that the film industry has benefited enormously from American consumerism, and how this film has contributed to this with a huge merchandising campaign. <br /> <br /> The film also expands and redefines the character of Cindy Lou Who, a small but crucial character in the original. The innocent two year old abandoned child who entered this spurious Santa Claus is now older and wiser, constantly questioning the false values ​​of the Whos and trying to understand Grinch's point of view (his only main scene of the original is reenacted. outside the character). She seems to be the one who will never know that Christmas is more than just gifts and decorations, making her a completely different and more irritating character. <br /> <br /> Those who celebrate Christmas must first accept a piece of charcoal in their socks on the morning of December 25th than a copy of this crude, exaggerated, extremely boring, crude and crude attempt to transform children. classic in a feature film. This proves once and for all that darkness, vulgarity, manipulation, and heavy hand are inadequate substitutes for charm, wit, sincerity, and heart. Universal people should kneel and thank God for this $ 123 million bomb making $ 260 million domestically or they would not be here today. In addition, it made possible The Cat in the Hat by Mike Myers!
