If the creators of Atlantis had something to say in this film, their theme was (literally) drowned out by the emphasis on "special effects" on characterization. Almost as if in an attempt to "catch up" with the rest of the summer action blockbusters, Disney abandoned the character-driven, movie-with-a-message approach in favor of a Star Wars shoot-'em-up ' with stereotypes heroes and villains. <br /> <br /> Art is caricatured and producers think they can rely on computer generated (CGI) images of fishing vessels and submarines to fill the gap. They are wrong, and the days of beautiful, handcrafted animations fly quickly through the window in favor of the assembly line CGI. <br /> <br /> This movie is all heartless show. Sometimes the movie comes close to being a good and worthwhile movie but it frustratesly misses the target so many times, giving up talking about something meaningful and instead choosing to go with the glow. <br /> <br /> Another problem with the film is the rhythm. It starts out confusing and then starts shooting along with an unstable story editing style that is not appreciated. The viewer rushes out the door along with Milo Thatch (voiced by Michael J. Fox) and thinks "Gee must be a huge amount of things that will happen when we get to Atlantis." Unfortunately, not much happens. The secret of Atlantis remains a secret, with storytellers not really knowing how to explain the legendary island / continent. They are afraid to commit to saying where Atlantis is, even in a fictional story. Is it in the Atlantic? Is it in the Mediterranean Sea? Who knows? Nothing is hypothesized, even from a purely fantasy-based point of view. The spectator will leave the theater asking himself, "Now what was that?" What was the purpose of the film? Why did the surviving Atlanteans not remember how to read when many of them lived from the disaster to the "present"? Atlantis sank in? and then begin to forget what they saw.There is nothing left to think about or do ... except the loss of money in your wallets. <br /> <br /> The characters and their motivations are equally unfathomable From the eccentric zionario who founded the expedition with apparently more money that existed all over the planet in 1914, to the collective consciousness (spoiler) that enters Kida and VOLUNTARIAMENTE deserts its people! The crew is a collection of peculiar and two-dimensional people anachronistically (for 1914) PC race and genre.The demolition specialist speaks as if he came straight out of a Warner Brothers Bugs Bunny short.Most of the jokes are gross, which are largely ignored by the public for two reasons: they are transmitted at an accelerated pace and often grumble. The way these supporting actors make a moral turn toward the end of the film is hard to believe. <br /> <br /> While we applaud Disney for trying to create adult animated films - and this is the first Disney that has no animals or cute and talkative objects - it can not make the transition. Younger children will be startled by some action scenes and will be left in the dark by the large amount of subtitles (when the characters speak Atlantean). In the first five minutes of the expedition, approximately 200 people are killed without thinking twice. Obviously, Disney thinks that if you did not know who these people were, why should you care? Once again, the film has no feelings at any level. <br /> <br /> Mulan and Tarzan were the latest animated films produced by Disney that were done extremely well. Unfortunately, Atlantis goes back to these failed attempts in the past, such as the Black Cauldron and the Hunchback of Notre Dame. Disney needs to get back to its roots. The sequel to Peter Pan is coming out soon, but you never know what the results will be until you see for yourself. And now that Disney has discovered Science Fiction, they are expected to realize that this genre must have more than a spectacle. We also hope that the next "Treasure Planet," a science fiction adaptation of Robert L. Stevenson's "Treasure Island," will have more heart for him than the unfathomable "Atlantis: The Lost Empire."
