I thought "what's new Scooby-Doo" was really bad (yes, I'm sorry to say I did not like it), since Hanna-Barbera did not produce and took a drastic step away from the old series. When I heard "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue" was under construction, I thought it might be better. But when I saw a picture of how Scooby and Shaggy would appear, I knew this show would be bad, if not worse. I watched a few episodes, and believe me, it's just another "Teen Titans" or "Loonatics Unleashed" -wannabe. No longer are Scooby and Shaggy going against people wearing cool and scary monster masks that rob banks. Now they are going after a typical super-villain who wants to destroy the world. Sausage and Scooby-Doo have become braver too. Also, since Shaggy is NOT going to be a vegetarian in this series, Casey Kasem (who is actually vegetarian), Shaggy's original voice, will NOT tell Shaggy. He will only tell Shaggy if he does not eat meat, and that was just a stupid change made by the company to upgrade the franchise, as if the internet jokes were not enough. So, Scott Menville (who previously dubbed Red Herring in "A Puppy Named Scooby-Doo") talks to Shaggy here. Believe me, the voice is really bad! That makes Shaggy look like a 10-year-old boy, and I must agree that the voice definitely fits into his ugly new look. However, Kasem talks about Shaggy's Uncle Albert, which is a good thing. Scooby-Doo, on the other hand, does not look that good. It seems to have been designed to look more like the CGI Scooby-Doo of live-action movies. Also, the voice of Frank Welker from Scooby (need to mention Brain the Dog again?) Has not improved yet. Robi, the robotic butler, is practically worse than Scrappy-Doo! He tries to be funny and makes "comic" prints and gives safety tips ("Remember kids, do not stand under trees during a storm!"), But that just does not fit a Scooby-Doo cartoon. Again, the sound effects of Hanna-Barbera are rarely used here. However, in one episode, "Lightning Strikes Twice", they use the thunders of the "castle thunder" during the event, almost extensively! (Although they also use the newly recorded sound effects of thunder, too.) Scooby-Doo has not used Castle Thunder sound effects since 1991. But my question is, why use "Castle Thunder" in "Shaggy and Scooby- Doo Get a Clue, "while NOT using it in the direct-to-video movies or even in" What's New Scooby-Doo! "(Two WNSD episodes used it, and it was not enough, unfortunately.) If WNSD and DTV movies would use it, so they could be better than this fucking drawing. The day this show premiered, I watched the first episode, and it was so bad that I hung up after only five minutes! To get my mind off this poor show, I rented "Scooby-Doo, Pirates Ahoy!" which came out at about the same time. And you know what? The movie "Pirates Ahoy" was actually better than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a Clue" (and even better than "What's New, Scooby-Doo!") And it looks like the new drawings that the characters are not permanent to the franchise. The direct movies for the video that are being released while this program is being done use the regular designs of the characters, fortunately. But whether you have loved or hated "What's New Scooby-Doo", I do not recommend it. But if you hate the old series then you will love it! (Oh god, I hope the old Scooby-Doo sketch looks better than this new $ # *%!) Anyway, like the WNSD, a very bad addition to Scooby's cannon.
