Scooby Doo is undoubtedly one of the simplest, most successful and beloved characters in the world. So what happens when you are everywhere and do everything with the formula? You called, right? Wrong. You stop production and let it rest for about a decade and then run it again, keeping the core of your success intact. That is, stick with the formula most of the time, but add your particular flavor to it. For me that's why "What's New Scooby Doo" worked, they want to get back to the classic Scooby Doo formula that had only resurfaced successfully a decade earlier in "A Pup Named Scooby Doo," but mostly had not been tapped from the original "Scooby Doo Where You Are". <br /> <br /> The first sign (to me) of a weak offer is the inclusion of strange characters; there may be some fond memories of past iterations, but generally if you think "Scooby Doo" you are not thinking of Film-Flam, Scrappy Doo or Scooby Dum. Worse still, the exclusion of the other members of "Mystery Inc" generally indicates a group of production people who do not understand, from a child's point of view, how the program works. The basic premise has always been a group of people who are diametrically opposed joining together and through their own stereotypical individual qualities manage to overcome the tasks given by hand. <br /> <br /> This next paragraph is just my theorizing, so skip. if you want: I hope I can explain why I think that worrying about the basic elements of the program is detrimental to my interpretation of what the gang stands for and how they contribute to the whole; Fred represents the Driver, I think, in general, it's Fred's purpose to give the group direction, organization, and subtasks. Fred is not a carefree adolescent; he is his boss, his teacher, his father, his authority figure. Fred moves without hesitation and is driven by tasks (problem is always the solution to Fred). In many ways, Fred is Shaggy's antithesis. Shaggy is your best friend, that guy who is a little more afraid of things than you are, he lets you be brave, do not stay deep in the pack. Sausage represents emotion and is often showing emotional extremes of joy to fear. Velma represents rational thinking, it applies logic, but, as we see several times in the program, it requires clues that, for the most part, are collected in pieces by other members of the program. Did she leave Velma alone to solve a mystery? The group often finds itself in situations where truths are not obvious and only through chance encounters do they get the information they need to complete their task, chance is represented by Daphne. At one point (I think it's the first Scooby Doo series) she was known as "prone to danger". Writers have used Daphne to link unrelated events through accidents. It is often the one that finds the secret door, the collection of objects or some other detail that can help the gang to connect the clues. Finally Scooby himself represents us, the participant. He is always at the center of events, capable of all the things that the rest of the gang is capable of, though deficient because he is not human and very much like us, the viewer is unable to truly participate. Scooby Doo works because all these personified elements of problem solving are immediately identifiable and fun. <br /> <br /> Maybe I'm thinking too much, but in my life I've seen a lot of Scooby Doo (being a self-proclaimed 30 year old nerd, kind of rolling around with territory). For me, there is a magic with the classic "Scooby Doo" formula that should never be confused. <br /> <br /> As many have pointed out; Scooby Doo is not a great work of art nor is it completely banal, it fits into the programming category that can be observed by young eyes with a healthy bowl of morning cereal. Playing with raw simplicity turns it into something else, something smaller.
