Darcy and her young daughter Pamela are going to the country where her mother's boyfriend, Peter, has left his doctor's position in town to become a writer and get a pension. Although this hostel has a terrible past and Pamela finds out from a girl who lives in the city that a deformed witch resided in that house. They called her "Tooth Fairy," for she killed the children after receiving her last milk tooth. This work at the inn has awakened the 'Tooth Fairy'. Now she's eyeing Pamela and her last milk tooth, but if anyone comes across the same fate that awaits Pamela. <br /> <br /> The old folkloric myth of this 'Tooth Fairy' movie does not. Paint it in a very generous way, as you would believe when you were a child. They do not love turning happy childhood memories into nightmares! Another that fell into the same category was "Darkness Falls (2003)". I can not compare how similar they are in the assumptions because I did not see the latter but I mostly read that they basically share the same idea. For a bit straight to the DVD movie, this digital TV effort looks good and has some promising images around the foolishly and traditionally by the book plotting device. Low expectations are necessary since I would not rate this as a success, but I found it to be marginally fun. <br /> <br /> The story of Cory Strode and Cookie Rae Brown or background to this 'Tooth Fairy' character is completely naked with him leaning over to a slasher vehicle than anything really supernatural. Bobo is a good way to describe what's going on in this badly scripted story, but it never seems like a fairy tale horror. Dialogues may seem redundant and morally persecuted. While the acting is simply sub-par with the insipid characters they have to work out, but director Chuck Bowman offers some inventive blood spatters and awfully nasty stunts. It kind of makes up for lack of suspense, zero fear, and generic tone. His direction is reasonably serious and visually able, where he gets some atmospheric lighting contrasting well with his slippery photograph. The promising opening scene is incredibly effective. Its rhythm may decrease in some parts and there is the strange and unnecessary slow-motion scene, but still it does not get too indigestible with something active occurring, which made me not get bored. <br /> <br /> Special make-up effects provided the products as there is plenty of repulsive porridge and the appearance of the Tooth Fairy is especially sticky. The Tooth Figure The fairy may seem menacing in her black cloak, bubbling makeup and quick movements. Being in place helps to sculpt a more natural feel and can become atmospherically rich in your sense of eeriness. Child actors can be incredibly annoying, but Nicole Muñoz was decent on her part. Lochlyn Munro and Chandra West are a bit solid, but they can be a bit causal in their performances like Peter and Darcey. The gorgeous radiant Carrie Anne Fleming is one of your renters. PJ Soles appears in small part as a superstitious neighbor who tries to warn them about the evil that hides in the inn. <br /> <br /> I thought it was a good time waster that has a sound concept, which just is not enough and the execution is a lot of didactic material. Nonsense Watchable, but at the same time extremely forgettable.
