The Tooth Fairy is situated in a small town somewhere in northern California where Peter Campbell (Lochlyn Munro) has brought a farm that he is renovating and planning to turn into a holiday inn, he is joined by his girlfriend Darcy Wagner ( Chandra West) and her 12-year-old daughter, Pamela (Nicole Munoz), who arrives to help out over the weekend. While exploring the property, Pamela finds another young woman named Emma (Jianna Ballard) who warns her that evil is peeking inside her new home, tells a story of an evil witch known as the Tooth Fairy who takes the children's milk teeth and then kill them. Pamela is worried and becomes even more so when she falls off her bike and her last milk tooth drops, it does not take long for the evil Ghost of the Tooth to put her eyes on Pamela's tooth and she also decides to kill anyone she encounters with ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Chuck Bowman, I thought The Tooth Fairy was just another poor low-budget horror movie that can not distinguish itself from the countless others that rely on video shelves and fills dark hours of late night cable TV, basically not very good. Producer Stephen J. Cannell's screenplay, Corey Strode and Cookie Rae Brown is a complete snooze in the first 40 odd minutes, nothing of great interest happens during this period and is basically a bland exhibit as if these things were happening. to surprise anyone. It introduces the character, defines the legend of the Tooth Fairy and that's it. The second half of the movie improves slightly, but still nothing spectacular, there are some decent scene scenes, but otherwise this is all very predictable and forgettable. The characters are not great and most of them are there purely to be killed, the story has inconsistencies like the story of the Tooth Fairy, she says she kills children after they give her her baby teeth, so why does she go in one indiscriminate killing that has nothing to do with teeth? What happened to her after the prologue in 1949? Why did she come back like a ghost? Despite being a ghost of some sort, it seems to be very human having to open doors alone and using guns to kill people, there is no attempt to make use of the supernatural elements except the ghostly children that are thrown to the utmost feeling. Director Bowman is fine, reasonably well done, and there are some decent scenes, but nothing to get excited about. There is nothing that I can describe as scary or atmospheric here and do not take notice of the comparisons between this one and Darkness Falls (2003), because besides the thing of the teeth they are very different. The blood is OK, someone is shoved into a wood chipper, there is a decapitation, someone has their penis cut and the best scene when someone is nailed to a door and then their stomach is opened with an ax and their guts flow . With a supposed budget of about $ 1,500,000, the Tooth Fairy is usually well made, but there is nothing special here. The acting is not good at all, but it's not that bad and I've rarely found the children's actors so annoying, so it's something I suppose. <br /> <br /> The Tooth Fairy is the usual economic budget below the modern average Hare direct to video horror that seems everywhere these days if you can find a cheap copy then you can spend 90 minutes even if its not very demanding otherwise it is very poor and things forgettable.
