I should know when I looked at the box at the store and saw Lisa Raye - to me, she's the woman Ernie Hudson A.K.A. "Le Kiss of Death" for the movie * ANY *. It is almost * guaranteed * that the film will be bad (eg, Congo) if Hudson is in it (with the exception of the Ghostbusters movies, which were intentionally extravagant and bad). Despite my instincts, and the fact that I just saw Civil Brand, plus a cinematic tour de force starring Lisa Raye, I rented it anyway. After all, I ignored my "Hudson instinct" in OZ and ended up watching a quality series, so I thought I'd give this movie a try. <br /> <br /> If you are a lover of bad movies, it is a definite must see! This has to be the most unintentionally funny movie I've seen in a long time. The plot is quite simple: Racheal's sister (Monica Calhoun) is killed by a bunch of thugs (Led by Bobby Brown!) And, like many action movies before that, she ties her guns ONLY and promises to avenge her sisters death. To do this, it dates back to the titular gang of roses (supposedly based on a real story of a female gang) and they go out and get revenge, and along the way there is some subplot or something about some gold that might be buried. in the city. One cool thing I'm going to say about this movie is that, from what I could tell, the stars made their own ride and they seemed very galloping. <br /> <br /> The funniest (though unintentionally funny) scenes? Look for them when they introduce the character of Stacy Dash or when the character of Calhoun rescinds his promise not to use his weapons (full of screaming clenched fists) or the character of Lil 'Kim playing with the character of Lisa Raye or the character of Stacy Dash or Lil 'Kim's character persuading the character of Lisa Raye to join the gang or the Asian Chick or Macy Gray character talking about' Debt is paid ', etc. With the exception of Calhoun's Racheal and Bobby Brown's Left Eye, I can not even remember names of the other characters because I was laughing so much when they were introduced. <br /> <br /> If the director had gone into parody and broad comedy, this would be a great movie. Unfortunately, he tries to take it seriously apparently without first doing exposure, sound design (in his defense, Hip-Hop is notoriously difficult to work on in a period), scenography, script, or historical period search (it was me or were these the cleanest people with the whiter teeth of the old West?) seriously. Usually, when I see a movie that is not so good, I ask myself "Could you have done better?" This is the first time in a long time that the answer is an unequivocal "YES!"
