Why did so many people flock to an evening performance of Roberto Moreira's "Contra Todos" at the San Francisco Film Festival? "It's about a murderer," my friend said. "Well ... and it's Brazilian," I added. Beautiful, multicolored people, tropical climate, lush rhythms, and gangsters? Ample incentives, no doubt. <br /> <br /> Someone forgot to tell us a small detail: this is a very bad movie, really very horrible, and so unpleasant to see as badly done. <br /> <br /> So how did "Against All" make the rounds of Berlin, Melbourne, London, Manila, Stockholm, Cairo, Chicago, numerous smaller local festivals and now San Francisco? Apparently, by the way the promotional process and the film festivals circuit work. <br /> <br /> First of all, he won the first prize at Rio Film Festival, where he was considered the best Brazilian film of the year. It must have been a bad year; they had much, much better. Then moody synopses in catalogs and imaginary buzz leads to crowded auditoriums and, as the film does not appear anywhere, thus avoiding a thorough scrutiny by the critics, it remains in progress. <br /> <br /> Synopsis of the festival in the promotion sometimes earn a lot. A Chicago Festival called "Contra Todos", a speedball cocktail taken straight from Brazil, and referred to Claudia's boyfriend as the "cracker of the favela neighborhood." Soninha is "the nymph daughter of Teodoro, a teenager, of growing sexuality". The film is "shot with the urgency of a handheld camera often," and the director "creates a genuine and palpable sense of frustration caused by despair and domestic decay." The effect is "unbearably crude and honest," and the film moves "toward a conclusion as inoperative as the lives on display." It is not the best writing, but it sure excites the excitement of a certain kind of potential viewer. "Against All" concerns a murderer, two murderers in fact, and a wife and daughter and a born-again Christian Girlfriend. It is filmed - in an ugly, ugly, untalented digital video behind camera work - mostly in a poor, arid-looking suburb, rather than in one of the "favelas" or slums of the Brazilian city where marvelous movies like "Black Orpheus "," Pixote "and" Cidade de Deus "were made, not in Rio this time, but in São Paulo. <br /> <br /> The killer with family problems is Teodoro (Giulio Lopez) and his partner with a drug problem is Waldomiro (Ailtan Graça). The two actors have a bit of experience on TV, as does the actress who plays blonde Claudia (Leona Cavalli) and Silvia Lorenço, who makes her daughter Soninha, who is about to revolt. These actors can go through the corners of some telenovelas. Who knows? - in a better directed film, they may even be good. Besides them, there are some young people who are beaten by Teordoro or, when he is busy, gangs of bandits. The directors do not have much presence, even if the camera enlarges their pores. <br /> <br /> Some observers, one at the Berlin Film Festival and one in London, have seen the flaws in this film, but unfortunately it is buried inside the Web. Henry Sheehan noted in Berlin that the "film" quotes) was "the worst of the video work" shown. "The filmmaker seems to have chosen the video simply because it was a cheap alternative to film," Sheehan wrote, "and made no creative use of the new medium" - nor, he added, did anything else creative. Sheehan pointed out the first big mistake of the film: "It starts out as a domestic drama that should increase when, half an hour later, Moreira reveals that the father and one of his friends are professionals. Waiting for the thirty minutes does not add anything to the film, seems a perfectly arbitrary decision and is at least a waste of time, but everything Moreira does is like a child who has won a toolkit for his birthday and goes around knocking everything out without rhyme, reason or skill. " Devastating, but true. Writing about the 2004 London festival for Kamera.com, Metin Alsanjak tried to look on the bright side, but nonetheless gave up the lack of redeeming features by calling the performances "easily the best feature film. " Yes, very easily, since everything else is so bad. Alsanjak admitted that "this low-budget, violent and decadent account of the lawless in Sao Paulo is devoid of any sympathetic character and, as a result, of hope. Too obscure and cynical to be a telling account of the human condition, the film is not aided by poor subtitling ... "Alsanjak's connection with Contra Todos a" Dogme "and Mike Leigh did not help at all. <br /> Apart from that first half hour without meaning in which nothing rescues the boredom of our waiting for the first acts of violence - which, when they come, are only "beating everything without rhyme, reason or ability" - Moreira clumsily tries to rescue its abrupt ending by adding what appears to be removed shortly thereafter, followed by an implausible ironic final scene where one of the characters marries. Undoubtedly, the director wanted to display the "banality of evil" of low-level men in working-class neighborhoods, but he can not make the characters he sees generically come to life for us. And the structure of the film shows that he too can not edit his material. <br /> <br /> (Seen at the San Francisco International Film Festival on April 28, 2005.)
