Why would anyone want to see this?! If this was a movie posted on YouTube by a teenager, I could have applauded the teenager by doing so much with his mother's video camera. I also could have congratulated your family and friends for doing a good job. Unfortunately, it was made by a very experienced filmmaker and these were apparently professional actors - making this a very, very sad film. Sad ... and very pathetic, actually. Like I said, he has a direct video on the video. It also has narration and acting that just scream "non-professionals" - how could that be?! The movie is full of corpses and blood. Usually that would discourage me completely, since I hate ultra-violent movies and I do not like to see all that. However, since none of this is so realistic, it is bearable. However, I must warn you that there are some scenes that are still very disturbing. For example, the scene with the kid playing a radio in a lady's bathtub and watching her naked and frying is very bad. There are also scenes where you can hear the thought of psychopaths while they fantasize about killing women. With a level of misogyny that's pretty awful. the people who wrote this are very sick - how killing women is for our entertainment. <br /> <br /> After a lot of pointless murders, the movie goes to a dinner table - around which bunch of gum balls wearing black hoods WITHOUT eye holes! They're talking, proudly, about all the murders they've committed and sang. It's all very funny, although I'm not sure if that was the purpose of the scene. <br /> <br /> Then the film talks about various sex crimes and murders and even vampirism and cannibalism. Why, I do not know - maybe because people have made it use that kind of crap. And again, you see and hear the thoughts and actions of a scary German-looking man as he tracks people and kills them. <br /> <br /> By the way, considering that the film used what I must assume are professional actors, I wondered why so many people were chosen who were clearly German. While they have tried to act like Americans and the movie should have been in California, the accents are STRONG. Perhaps the German public saw this and marveled at how "realistic" it was to perform, but to any American it is obvious that these people are not their American compatriots! Whereas there really was a zodiac killer (who was never caught), I wonder why anyone would want to make a "fan film" of sorts for the ill threat? I mean ... did this movie mean a snuff movie for perverts? I just can not see anyone wanting to see it or like it. In fact, I wonder what would motivate someone to make such a stupid and offensive movie?! Useless and deserving of being in the list of 100 of IMDb.
