Well, as Goethe once said, there really is no sense in trying to pass a negative judgment that aspires to be objective in "something that had a great effect." "La Maman et La Putain" certainly went down in history as an influence on much of what has been done in France and elsewhere for the last thirty years and no one interested in the history of cinema certainly should be dissuaded from watching it. To express a purely subjective judgment, however, I feel compelled to disagree with almost all the other comments posted here and tell people, "Do not watch, it's a waste of hours of your time that will leave you feeling a little sick and Bravo. " And with that I do not mean "sick and angry" about "the human condition" or anything as general and profound as that, because that is exactly the line most critics have adopted in their film compliment - "an ordeal to watch in his relentless dissection of our cowardice and emotional cruelty, "and so forth-and if he could actually convey a universally or even widely relevant message of this kind, the director would have good reason to be content with himself, however pessimistic than his conclusions are. My story with the film is that I do not see this record of hours of empty vanity and petty betrayal as being justified or excused by any generally relevant message. All three main characters are profoundly unmoral individuals: Alexander in the highest degree, of course, because we see most of him by far, and because he rarely closes for more than thirty seconds; Marie perhaps in the least degree, because we see the least of it. Affected and pretentious monologues of Alexander have a kind of fun value, of course, but the fun runs out as one notices more and more that Jean-Pierre Leaud probably is not even acting and with absurd comments like "a homme ". as if it were a Nicholas Ray movie, "he was really only reproducing word for word opinions that were accepted as authentic and profound by the medium in which he, along with director Eustache, had been living for about ten years at the time. I suppose that if the tone of ruthless superficiality and triviality had been sustained throughout 100% of the film, it could have functioned as a long sardonic comedy about a particularly superficial, worthless and despicable post-68 environment. did, however, this spectator at least extremely angry with the director was the granting of at least a long scene to Alexander and Veronika, in which we are clearly expected to empathize and feel for them as if they shared a moral universe with us. a man can get away from living in the apartment and profess to love a woman, sleeping (mainly in this apartment) with another, and running around Paris proposing cas I suppose I can wish him good luck in the dog-eat-dog world he chose to create for himself. What I can not, however, in all consciences is to hear, not even for a moment, his sentimental monologues, in which he talks about his "anxiety" and his "despair." The same goes for Veronika, even more despicable, to whom we are shown drunk in the apartment and even in the bed shared by Marie and Alexander and behaving there with a childish incoherence equivalent to the most savage and cruel cruelty. As I say, if "La Maman et La Putain" is meant to be more than a portrait of Alexander, Veronika and Marie, three individuals that anyone who is half decent would ever admit to his company, much less his home, then I suppose that there is a kind of legitimacy in praising the director for being "inflexible" (though someone feels "hesitant" once the person has consciously chosen to create characters so repellent to observe cinematically that I can not imagine). The problem, however, is that the director is clearly convinced - and seems to have been able to convince generations of critics - that Alexander, Veronika and Marie are in some way representative of humans in general and of the limits of the emotional capacities of human beings. The latter idea, however, is an arrogant and offensive nonsense. In fact, there may be inherent fallibility and a tendency to tragedy in human relations in general and in sexual intercourse in particular. But the nature and degree of this fallibility and tragedy can only be determined by people who make a sincere and earnest effort to make these relationships work. It certainly does not need any cinematographic or authorial genius to convey the information that a man who behaves like Alexander will end up hated, miserable and alone, or that women who insist on expecting love from a man like Alexander will end up disappointed and bitter. Watch "La Maman et La Putain" if you are historically interested in what went through the culture and human interaction in a certain Parisian post-68 environment that probably was not, unfortunately, restricted to just some particularly anti-social types like these. . But please do not make the mistake of believing that what is recorded here has some general relevance to humanity in the way a film by Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese could argue.
