Straight to the point: "The Groove Tube" is one of the most dull, unintelligent, and utterly awful movies of all time. This "comedy" is so empty of anything remotely resembling a trace of wit that is almost incomprehensible that it has been made. I said almost because there are fans of everything after all. <br /> <br /> This movie is not even "good" bad or "nice" bad. Putting this movie on the same level of entertainment as "Plan 9" or "Robot Monster" would be a crime for these films. Movies like this that you can watch and have fun. But this movie is so bad, so poorly done, acted and scripted and so incredible, that there is simply not even a trace of "camp" or "schlock" to be found. <br /> <br /> Although this was done before the debut of Saturday Night Live, comparisons were probably inevitable. I'm not a big fan of SNL, but this movie is worse than the worst SNL you can find. And man, this is bad. Just to keep viewers off, Shapiro puts on a pair of breasts from time to time, but badly filmed breasts from 1974 will not excite anyone today. In fact, this movie is so poorly done and it's such a painless tour, I doubt they've excited anyone in 1974. A man named Ken Shapiro made this movie. I swear to God, any ten-year-old with a video camera could have done something funnier and cleverer. It's simply unreal - this really is an unbelievable movie. The "jokes" and "jokes" are so childish that even little boys who like to steal daddy's pornographic magazines at night do not laugh. <br /> <br /> I'll give this movie one thing - the latest sequel, the sequel to "Dancing Man," where a guy (Shapiro) on the streets of New York dances a song, is easily the best thing in this horrible movie . Not that the "dancer man" sequence is that good - it definitely has its moments of not being smart, as Shapiro desperately tries to fill the time for the whole song - but actually it was a bit watchable. The part of this sequence in which the policeman begins to dance with the man is the only trait of cunning in the whole film. No wonder Shapiro has put that sequence in last - again, though not that big, easily surpasses anything else in this "movie." <br /> <br /> Otherwise, this movie is such a complete piece of crap that is unfathomable as how a real human being can be so downright smart. The name of this film should have been "Craparama de Ken Shapiro". It is incredible that this has been done, but many truly talented filmmakers can not enter. However, I will say that I bet the NYU geniuses would love this movie. Total trash.
