Firstly, I would like to point out that the reason I gave this movie 1 star out of 10 is because there is no option to give it no stars! This is really bad! I was never anxious to see this movie after I saw the ads for it, I just happened to see it because some friends of mine had tickets and they had a spare, so I followed. Before I saw it, I had a pretty good idea that it would not be genius - the premise seemed too silly and stupid for something good to come out of it, but in the back of my mind I was thinking "but there must be something good about it for A THURMAN and Luke Wilson make the film ... "Not that I think any of them are particularly fantastic, but they are big stars who would normally only make movies that would improve their reputations. However, about 10 to 20 minutes later, I realized that the film was probably worse than I had imagined. I was shocked at how terrible the script was. This really gave the actors NOTHING to work on so much that they really did not seem to know what they were doing (especially Luke Wilson). The story was completely predictable - if you saw the ad, you saw the movie! And there was nothing original about it - it's basically borrowed from every "superhero" story it ever was, which would be acceptable if the film had been set up as a satire of that genre, but unfortunately it was not. The direction seemed to be realistic. I had the feeling that the director wanted the film to look completely realistic and not satire, and yet there were a few moments in the movie that were so unbelievably unreal that it would have worked if it were a satire. At one point in the movie two of the characters seem to die and one of the surviving characters has a phrase like "Oh well, she's dead ... time to move on" and he says it in such a funny voice that did not happen does not any sense. I found myself checking my watch after about 40 minutes to see how much longer I would have to go through it. And then it surprised me ... I started to think "I wonder if the studio did this image as a test to see if they can make the worst possible film ever made, and still attract a large audience ..." Think of any other which is why this movie would be made. For movies being made today, the script goes into a mass screening process and very few scripts actually get to the production stage ... I can not understand how this one went from the first draft ... Finally, it's extremely, stupid stupid, I was laughing hard - just not what the filmmakers wanted me to laugh at, but how ridiculous and stupid the film was. Thank God I did not have to pay money to see this ... because that would really bore me !!! Oh, and I could just add, that of the two Wilson brothers, I've always preferred Luke because I think he's a better, more versatile actor ... but if he wants to go even further in the shadow of OWEN then that's exactly the way to do it ... I doubt it will get much more job offers after this waste of 2 hours of low quality !!! and remember, he only received a generous 1/10 because I could not select 0!
