It's easy to see how this below-average screenplay did well at the first Regency Films sales meeting (and then with Fox): Cross the superhero genre with a comic version of "Fatal Attraction" ... voilà! I do not know how a talented director like Ivan Reitman got involved, unless the payout was very tempting. An undated employee at an architectural design firm in N.Y.C. meets a girl on the subway and invites her out; despite the fact that she is distracted and unpleasant, he eventually takes her to bed - only to find out later that she is the resident superhero of the Big Apple, G-Girl. This rock Superman, with powers bestowed upon her by a fallen meteorite, is not a fantasy heroine, however ... the screenwriter Don Payne conceived her as a needy, possessive and vindictive bitch (he telegrams this to us within miles of distance, although Uma Thurman still plays the role of cheeky laughter). This is the kind of worthless movie that can not pass up an insult. Our introduction to the protagonist Luke Wilson, talking to Rainn Wilson on the train, is accompanied by a bitter digging in gays (this points us to make sure these two friends are strictly women's men). After being approached by the enemy of G-Girl, who wants to zap her powers, Wilson is said that this will make her just an ordinary woman despised ... and is not that good after all? Thurman's earliest performances in films like "Henry & June" and "Jennifer 8" showed an intelligent woman with angular grace and hypnotic balance; her films with Quentin Tarantino helped expose her toughness and intensity, but this came at a price (the actress apparently lost her funny touch). The image is extremely well produced and filmed, with seemingly expensive special effects, but no one bothered to find humor in that setting. It is aggressive, malicious, ugly and ill-released. Swollen, frozen-faced Wilson can not tell any of his co-workers that he's dating G-Girl because she made him swear he'd rather have a chainsaw in his rectum. I wonder if the writer Payne really thought it was hilarious ... or, in fact, if someone involved did? * in ****
