Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) thinks he's found the perfect woman in Jenny Johnson (Uma Thurman), who looks like a quiet but beautiful woman, though he soon finds out she's needy and possessive, oh, and she's also superhero G -Girl, although you do not know the things she does with Matt after he goes crazy and breaks up with her. <br /> <br /> A promising premise is ruined by a mediocre execution. My Super Ex-Girlfriend is still a nice comedy, however, it relies too much on cheap sex jokes and ends up being a forgettable experience. What went wrong? The cast and director could not overcome the weakness of the script and I did not like the way they played. I was expecting the guy to be an idiot and it could have been a fantasy female revenge movie. However, they made the guy nice and they made the superhero a psychopath. Just was not very fresh and after about forty minutes, the film sold out is welcome. Of course, there were a few funny lines, however, the weak and half bad end prevented him from actually leaving. <br /> <br /> Director Ivan Reitman lost his touch. After a successful run in the '80s and early' 90s, he began to do nonsense like Evolution and Father's Day. I would not say My Super Ex-Girlfriend is a complete failure, but I do not give credit to him for the quality of film, which is not much. Don Payne did a horrible job with the script. Most of the jokes were lame and most of the supporting characters were just a note. He also continued to reuse many of the same jokes, making it really tedious at times. <br /> <br /> Some of the actors were good enough to save the movie. Uma Thurman was great as G-Girl and had many funny lines. Luke Wilson was a little pale and not very interesting. I do not think he makes an attractive leader and he is better at supporting roles like The Family Stone. Anna Faris was just doing her "Scary Movie" routine and getting a bit old. It needs a challenge or at least some better scripts. Wanda Sykes is a hit or miss for me. She was great at Monster-In-Law and she was bad at Clerks 2. Here she is annoying and brings nothing to the movie. Eddie Izzard was fine, nothing special. Rainn Wilson was just annoying and not funny. Overall, I was disappointed with the movie. It was not horrible, but it had a lot of potential and the end result was so average. Rating 5/10
