SEVEN POUNDS: EMOTIONALLY FLAT, ILOGIC, MORTALLY DISTURBING <br /> <br /> The film was distributed in Italy as "Seven Souls". I was curious about the original title and after some research I discovered that it refers to the Shakespearean Merchant of Venice, where the usurer Shylock makes a terrible bond with the merchant Antonio, who will have to give him a "pound" of his flesh, in case he is not able to pay his debt. While the Italian translation makes Ben's plan something profoundly human, characterized by human sympathy, the original, though cultivated enough to be perceived by no one, makes it only in its reference to the flesh, something cold, rational, rooted in physical side of man. Unfortunately, I think the true quality of Ben's plan is revealed by the original title: it's a cold machination intended to "donate" parts of his body but without any authentic human empathy, at least the public does not get a chance to see or realize any pure relationship of souls within the entire film. The only exception is the love affair with the girl, which seems to be some sort of unplanned incident, to which Ben gives way, but unable to convey true emotional involvement. I really did not like the idea at the center of the movie: the idea that a person, devoured by the pain of the death of his beloved and others he himself caused, makes a resolute decision to atone for his guilty feelings of suicide : besides being unlikely, it does not make sense. I would have liked it, and I think it would have been more positive if, in the end, Ben had decided to abandon the idea of ​​committing suicide and to continue living, thereby helping these same people, and perhaps many others, just standing near them. and helping them through their presence. He would not have miraculously saved their lives, of course: this would probably have caused more suffering, but I think it might have been more constructive from a human and moral point of view. There are many illogical and disturbing things: the initial reference to God's creation in seven days (which, by the way, according to the Bible, there are six!): What does that mean? And how about a woman suffering from heart disease that prevents her from running and even singing without feeling bad, who can have normal sex with a man who, feeling as she should, was destroyed by the death of his wife and donated? organs, and parts of your body, do not you seem to be so tempted, both emotionally and physically, from your impaired condition? The film is saved for good acting, but all the rest is sheer nonsense, not only from the logical point of view, but also from the human and emotional point of view.
