I think I'm running late for the party. I just saw this 1995 version of Bye Bye Birdy on Sky TV. I did not know it existed and I was fully prepared to watch the 1963 film version when I called it. <br /> <br /> I played for Albert a long time ago and I plan on putting on an amateur production of the movie. show why I remembered being so fun to do. I was not impressed with this new version. It was not fun enough. It was not colorful. It lacked the exuberance of youth. The lighting was bad. No one seemed to mention this fact. This is not a sulky musical, it's bright and lively. The lighting decision was a bad creative choice. <br /> <br /> Bye Bye Birdy is a farce, a comedy of mistakes. I have no concept of this in this version. The lighting was horrible and it dulled the general performances. The dance numbers looked anemic as well. We have video clips these days. At least the dance numbers should have measured up some of the best of them, or like some of the best on Broadway. The choreographer was asleep at the wheel, it seemed. Although all the actors were extremely talented, there were some very bad selection choices. Vanessa Williams is not a Latina, and with so many talented Latino artists out there, it would not have been more correct to put one of them in the role of Rosie. Vanessa is African-American, adorable and talented, but it's a bad choice. Jason Alexander's effort was astonishing, he always does a clever job, but he was not Albert. He was miscast and I think it's obvious to most people who see this version. <br /> <br /> The middle of the movie is not the middle of the stage. There must be translation from one medium to another. The exuberance and flash of the musical stage must be TRANSLATED to the cinema. There is no merit in being faithful to a stage script when filming. The spirit, the essence of production must be produced. For me, Bye Bye Birdy's 1963 film production was brilliant and lively, while the 1995 production was as bleak as lighting and as weak as the dance numbers. It turned out to be an unfortunate waste of effort from many really talented people.
