If you rent a movie entitled "Terminators 3000," the odds are good, you know what you're getting into. I myself have been sold by promising descriptions of "nuclear mutants," "motor psychosis," and of course the "exterminators" who, according to the back cover of the movie store case, are all circling around a sterile post -apocalyptic wasteland causing all kinds of chaos. Let the crazy jokes and low-budget antics happen - at least, it was my hopes for this "movie." <br /> <br /> Now I like the occasional terrible movie, and if you're reading the comments on Terminators of the year 3000, you probably too. That said, I rated this movie as a solid "1 (horrible)" - not because I completely hated the film, but because it is one of the most legitimately awful efforts of film production I have ever seen. The dialogue, the representation, the cinematography, the sound edition, the edition in general, the plot, etc., etc., etc. - all are worthy of what must surely be a low expectation of spectator, given that wonderful title. <Br /> <br /> So, what's really "good" about this bad movie? He has several that my circle affectionately calls "quality kills." A quality death for those few who are unfamiliar with the phrase is not a difficult and quick term, but usually refers to someone killed in a particularly horrible, creative or ridiculous way. Exterminators of the year 3000 also have a fair supply of "dialogue-so-evil-who-gets-funny", provided largely by Crazy Bull, the cleverly titled leader of the psycho-motor gang unfortunate - which incidentally also provide more quality kills (if you're expecting great things from nuke mutants, think again, they essentially play zero part in the movie ... shucks!). Crazy Bull, however, is all you could ask for in a b-movie psychedelic engine. Shakespearean paraphrase and PG style insults are all he can tell ... and that's great. <br /> <br /> Despite its quality kills and a bad dialogue, however, if you're looking for something really fun Exterminators of the Year 3000 disappoints a bit in that with its draw limited to things like fool special effects and outdated, quality killing and bad dialogues, simply is not enough to justify a full feature, due mainly to the forty minutes or so, in which the public is forced to follow the characters in prolonged and boring "chases" of cars and long sequences of hiking in the desert ... In short, a very good horrible movie, but hey, it's not a Death Ride of 2000.
