Jeffrey Combs is an insane scientist whose stem cell research has turned into a diabolical scheme to create a humanoid hybrid shark hammer lifestyle, hoping to create a new species using Hunter Tylo's uterus. It will not be easy for Tylo to be tough and her boyfriend, William Forsythe, will not give up on her without a fight. <br /> <br /> You see that Tylo and Forsythe are two executives Arthur Roberts's employees, brilliant minds who know Combs (a scientist who has already worked for Roberts and whose vacant position went to Tylo) in his island fortress where he conducts his research and experiments. This island offers you the opportunity to recruit new victims for your job and "son." They find it a professional subject with regard to a breakthrough in stem cell research that could lead to cures for a variety of diseases. Combs's son was dying of kidney cancer when he decided to do his crazy science about him, creating this bloodthirsty creature who could both swim and walk on dry land (although, at first, the hammerhead shark could only stay away by short periods of time). Tylo was dating Combs' son, hence the connection, in addition to the two, worked for Roberts, who brings his trophy wife, Mariya Ignatova. Also accompanying Tylo and Forsythe, Roberts and Ignatova, are his colleagues, Elise Muller and GR Johnson. Combs catches them in a conference room, but they are able to escape to the island as he sends out their well-paid mercenaries and the son of the hammerhead shark. Like similar features of science fiction channel creature of its type Hammerhead: Shark Frenzy has some rather nasty computer generated effects and attacks (.. where the shark rips limbs) are filmed in a fast, frantic editing camera format where you find it difficult to see any of the consequences of the bloody carnage. . You have this vague notion that a person is being devoured (... torn to pieces), but the attacks themselves are fired in a very erratic way which, truth be told, is quite infuriating. The monster itself is never seen in its entirety, only momentary glimpses of an eye or a part of the body being gnawed while the victim screams in horror. One thing is certain, you see teeth. We have cgi shots of the hammerhead shark swimming toward the canvas, all menacing, ready to revel in flesh. A constant is while (... and after) the victims are attacked, we see a lot of blood and pieces of meat bubbling on the surface of the water (.. this is really the main tip of director Michael Oblowitz to inform the viewer that those being torn Combs are not new. Combs does not open new paths like the scientist, but he has always had the ability to convey a quiet madness under this cold-blooded resolution. It's fun to see Forsythe in a rare role of a hero, much against the type as an electronics expert (which, to his credit, he really does), who must take a leading role when the group faces unprecedented risk.Tylo is also in a very different kind of role , a scientist who can defend himself very well.Robts can play the roles of millionaire businessman during sleep, and it's cool to see him firing a machine gun at Combs' soldiers (... though, nice.) Mentioning that, it was also a lot of fun to see Forythe and Tylo knocking down the hired bullies from Combs with confiscated automatic machine guns. As expected, the script allows those who created the murderous demon to put themselves in unnecessary danger just so they can pay for their sins ... I mean, seriously, these people consciously would be vulnerable to attacks after seeing exactly which ones damage the human anatomy that it could do? Beautiful exotic scenery is a good backdrop.
