Where the hell are all these unexplored islands where prehistoric monsters hide, evil doctors perform their experiments, the madmen hold the ultimate karate championship, and rich humans hunt for sport? I had no idea that there were still so many unknown islands out there, but if you take into account the number of movies using one of these mysterious islands as a local, you would have to assume that there are at least 50 of those suckers out there. It always ends up feeling so convenient and I immediately deducted points from any movie that uses this banal device. Hammerhead is the story of a mad scientist who is conducting experiments on one of these unknown islands, so the film already had a lot to compensate before it even started. <br /> <br /> The island in this movie used to belong to Dr. Moreau but was recently purchased by Re-Animator himself, Jeffrey Combs. Old Jeffrey is doing some sort of cutting-edge stem cell research, which led him to start working with sharks while looking for a cure for cancer. If this sounds familiar, it's because this is roughly the same basic setup as the intelligent shark installation in Deep Blue Sea, not to mention a number of other Nu Image movies. So, apparently, Jeffrey's son was dying of cancer, which drove our crazy doctor to start experimenting with his progeny. He made some kind of super sophisticated generic amendment and so on, turning his son into a shark man. <br /> <br /> William Forsythe leads a team of actors unknown to the island to investigate the doctor's experiments. If someone had given him a sailor's hat, William would have been a dead Skipper camp on Gilligan's Island. In the typical fashion of Bond Villain, the doctor decides that all these intruders would be good friends for the son. No peers, like friends ... friend, like shark food. Then enter the shark boy who begins to chase Skipper and his companions all over the island. They, of course, make discouraged attempts to escape and are repeatedly frustrated while being chased by a guy in a shark rubber suit. <br /> <br /> The film did not invent any of the missing points for having taken place in one of those deserted islets. It's funny that this movie is called Hammerhead, it made me think of an old joke. Why did you hit your head with a hammer? Cause it feels so good when you stop. This is very beautiful as this movie is. The only reason to watch is because it's so good when it's over.
