The "daring" misadventures of four au pairs arriving in London on the same day in the early 1970s. There is one Swedish girl, one Danish, one German, and one Chinese. The story strives to strip all of them, engage them in some kind of Carry On humor and combine them with various misadjustments of the British film and TV culture of that era including actor Richard O'Sullivan, Johnny Briggs, ladino from Coronation Street, and Ferdy Mayne, a horror-movie actor, play a sheik. There is a very large amount of female nudity on display, for those who like this sort of thing (but obviously nothing hardcore). <br /> <br /> Most of the film is very thin and inconsequential; girls are stereotypes, and German Anita especially suffers from some kind of childhood disorder - she's an idiot obsessed with color TV who acts like some sort of uninhibited child and dresses to deliberately show her private parts; in another more serious film, it would be a psychiatric affair. The most interesting part of the film involves the Swedish girl being taken to a club in London, where some guys still suspicious are still trying to sway, being seduced by a middle-aged rocker, losing her virginity and realizing that the scene is not for she. These sequences have a little energy in them and point to a more intriguing film than we have just finished, in which the promiscuity and waste of the music industry and the upper classes lead soulless and decadent lives (there is a good decision by John Standing as a school public powerless). The strangest of stories is that the Chinese girl (future cannibalistic film veteran Me Me Lay) goes out with her child prodigy employer, falling in love with each other and then leaving in the middle of the night for no good reason but a few. Orientalist notion that "Chinese birds are inscrutable, are not they?!" The film is very degrading to its female characters and there is a handful of homophobia in the dialogue and one of the characterizations. The ending is astonishing, since Mayne's sheikh for no earthly reason (except they have to finish the movie somehow) takes all the girls to his Arab kingdom for what seems to the world as a future in the slave trade White. It's all very pleasurable. <br /> <br /> Stuff and bullshit most of the time, but driven with great expertise by veteran Val Guest, which puts him as a piece of film above most movies. the British sexploitation films of the 70s.
