I got this movie at the Edinburgh Film Festival. I had not heard much about it; only it was a tight-paced, digitally-shot thriller with a very low budget. I was hoping to catch the next big Brit-Flick. But I have to say that I was seriously disappointed. "This is not a love song" follows two criminals who, after accidentally shooting and killing a farmer's young daughter, engage in a deadly game of cat and mouse when residents decide to solve the problem with their own hands and hunt them. <br /> <br /> The real problem is that this is another example of style over substance in a British movie. The camera angles and editing are completely at odds with the story, as well as the superior performances, and the terrible use of slow motion, which serves only to make the whole thing look like an expensive home video. There are repeated attempts to make the film look nervous and brave, which instead becomes hilarious and exaggerated (a pathetic and compulsory drug scene and countless useless zooms). No amount of clichés like this can disguise the fact that this is a very bad story. <br /> <br /> We've seen this kind of thing many times before, and we've done a hundred times better, particularly in John Boorman. "Liberation". But while in the last film, we really care about the characters in this movie, I found myself just wanting them to be hunted down and killed as fast as possible. Even that would not have been so bad if his opponents had been scary or valuable, but instead were just a collection of pure-looking, stereotyped citizens. Once again, another offensive and exaggerated cliché comes up. Surely there are some cool people in the country, filmmakers? <br /> <br /> In his defense, "This is not a love song" contains some good moments of suspense, but it is difficult to see this movie doing anything other than go straight to the video or, with a little shove, get a very limited movie release. There is a patch last year Low-Budget hunted in the movie Hills, "Dog Soldiers". Maybe British cinema could really start again if the right money stopped going to the wrong people.
