To understand where this 1976 version of STAR IS BORN comes from, consider the following: its final number is sung by Barbra Streisand in a close of seven minutes and forty seconds, followed by another freezing frame of two and a half minutes of Ms Streisand - posing Christ - behind the final credits. More than ten uninterrupted minutes from the distinct center of Barbra's vision, filling the big screen with an uncompromising ego. This may be some kind of movie album. <br /> <br /> Or think about it: the plot of this musical revolves around a love affair between two musical superstars, while the songs of Streisand are presented in full - including the endless end - their costar Kris Kristofferson has no permission to complete not a single song that he performs. Neither, though she allows him to contribute a little with some of his jokes, they actually sing a duet. <br /> <br /> Or consider this: Streisand's name appears in the credits at least six times, including taking into account the "musical concepts" and her wardrobe - and she also supposedly wanted, but also failed to obtain co-direction credit. One of his credits was as executive producer, with a producer credit going to his then-boyfriend and ex-hairdresser, Jon Peters. As such, Streisand controlled the final cut of the film, which explains why he is so obsessed with distorting the film in his direction. What she does not explain is how, given every opportunity to make the Great Diva look good, her efforts only make Streisand look bad. Even though this is one of Streisand's biggest box office hits, it is undoubtedly its worst movie and contains its worst performance. <br /> <br /> Either way, moving the Hollywood melodrama to the sex drug and rock world Streisand plays Esther Hoffman, a pop singer on the road to stardom, who shares the fast lane for a while with John Norman Howard, of Kristofferson, a rocker heading for the exit ramp to Hasville. In previous incarnations of the story, "Norman Maine" sacrifices her acting career to help newcomer "Vicky Lester" achieve her success. In the 1970s feminist, Streisand & Co. wants to make it clear that its heroine owes nothing to a man, so the trajectory is distorted; she will succeed with or without him and he is almost at the bottom of scene one; he is a burden she must bear in the name of love. As such, there is an obvious effort to make the protagonist not only tougher, but almost relentless, while her lover comes off as a domineering idiot. <br /> <br /> Kristofferson talks about the film with a believable indifference to the film. material; making little attempt to give much performance, and strangely serves well to his aimless and apathetic character. Streisand, on the other hand, does not exhibit a moment of honesty in all his time on screen. Everything she does seems, if not rehearsed, at least overcontrolled. Even his apparent improvisations seem awkwardly premeditated and his moments of supposedly coldly mechanical hysteria. The two have no chemistry, making the central love affair totally unbelievable. You may assume that your character sees in her a symbol of his faded youth and innocence, though at age 34, Streisand does not seem particularly young or naive. The only conceivable attraction he could offer her is that she can exploit it as a faster route to stardom. And, in fact, if the film had the guts to actually play the material that way, to make the character of Streisand play openly like an exploit villain, the movie might have had a spark and maybe a reason to exist. <br /> <br /> But I think the filmmakers really see Esther as a nice victim; they do not seem to be aware of how cold and self-absorbed she is. But sensitivity is not one of the film's strengths: watch the insignificant joke of giving Barbra two African American supporting singers so the film can get into the lame racism of calling the trio The Oreos. And the film makes a great indication that Esther retains her ethnic identity by using her name as Hoffman, but the filmmakers have changed the name of the character from the previous films of "Esther Blodgett" so that Streisand is not overburdened with the name of Hoffman. a name that is very Jewish or very unattractive. So much for ethnic pride. <br /> <br /> The backstage back stabbing and backbiting that proceeded to launch the film is almost legendary, so the fact that the film turned out to look so polished is remarkable. Nominee director Frank Pierson seems to have handed over the raw material for a good film, with considerable help from ace cinematographer Robert Surtees. And the film served its purpose by producing a soundtrack album of decent pop songs (including Oscar winner "Evergreen" by Paul Williams and Streisand). But overall the film turned out to be the only thing Streisand allegedly claimed he did not want it to be, a project of vanity.
