I think, deep down in the darkest and most slender part of her heart, everyone likes Jerry Springer just a little bit. While his show is undeniably offensive and stupid, it also gives us the chance to see that, relatively speaking, most of us have a good result. When you look at the living trailer park, drinking dollar whiskey, incest, loving people at the Springer show, it makes your worst day seem like a walk in the park. Jerry is doing a public service and we should be grateful. He abandoned a political career to host the show, just for us. <br /> <br /> What we should not be thankful for is the "Ringmaster" piece of junk. "Ringmaster" shows how the lives of the people who end up being invited to the program, or would like us to think. The film follows the prerequisite of Springer's story: Love Triangles. A triangle involves Connie, her daughter Angel and her husband Rusty. The other involves Starletta, Vonda and Demond. When the two unlucky groups meet in Los Angeles, their lives intertwine and collide head-on, culminating in an explosive episode of the Springer show. It's like what "Short Cuts" would be if Robert Altman had a serious crack addiction. <br /> "Ringmaster" is true to the show as it is stupid and offensive from start to finish. It also makes me very happy not to live in the misery that the characters do. But the film has a problem. It's advertised as a comedy, but it's not very funny. The laughter that exists is few and far between. Maybe some people watch this and they laugh non-stop. If you think gossip and rape are funny, well, then I think you're one of those people. Personally, I laughed two or three times and spent the rest of the movie totally overwhelmed with the agonizing horrors of white trash life. <br /> <br /> The Jerry Springer Show was not meant to make the TV jump to the silver screen. What's funny at a one-hour show (less, when you count commercials) is not necessarily funny in a ninety minute movie. The movies have to tell a story, and that's something the Ringmaster has a problem with. The story is shabby. There are so many holes in the plot and errors of continuity that any attempt to tell a cohesive narrative is quickly halted. And even if there were no such problems, how much fun can you have with a history of stereotyped people in a stereotypical story? Even the Hollywood formula could not do it better. Ringmaster: It's so bad, it even spoils the best part of the Springer show: the final thought. Somehow, even the simplest and smarter aspect of the show ended up blowing stronger than the filthy women in the movie. The worst offender of all this is Springer himself. He's such a bad actor that he can not convince himself convincingly. Watching Springer playing Springer is sad. It's like he's going for a 'What if Woody Allen played the vibe of Jerry Springer, and he failed. Miserably. He bothered to produce this disaster, the least he could do is try to make it much better. <br /> <br /> Not that I'm saying that everyone in this movie put a performance worthy prize, just the opposite, they're all a pain, it's not so surprising that no one in this movie has gone to greatness The best that any of them did was to get Molly Hagan to work on Apparently, Nickelodeon has no problem hiring a woman who starred in the 'vilest' movie to star in a children's show. It makes you wonder what kind of things the other adults on that channel did in their past. <br /> <br /> Here are my final thoughts: What we have here is a group of selfless people and a man with money to burn who have met and pooled their resources to produce a movie that shows how much they hate each other and how little they think about the intelligence of their target audience. Should we accept people who make movies that treat us as severely brain-laden guts? I said no. Somewhere out there in this crazy and mixed world there is a perfect movie for each of us. We just have to keep looking for it. Until next time, take care of yourself and your loved ones. And never watch the Ringmaster.
