I can not say that "Jerry Springer: Ringmaster" is the worst movie I've ever seen. The movie would be better if it was, because at least the worst movie I've ever seen, (Prom Night II) interested me enough to hate it. My only reaction after leaving the theater happened when I looked at the clock and discovered that only 90 minutes passed. It seemed much more like years. It is an endless repetition of poor people, (or what Jerry Springer seems to believe the poor are), fucking each other, hitting each other, insulting each other and repeating the process with the same attention to the duty that the rest of us use. when washing. The plot, which addresses how a group of stupid people mangle their lives barely enough to provide ammunition for the Jerry Springer mill, advances only because of the idiocy of the characters. This makes it impossible to care what happens to them. I never cared if they participated in the show, or what they said or slept with. Maybe I should not care about them. Maybe I should look at them as a kind of comic strip - to see their outrageous behavior as inherently funny. Too bad it is not. Humor is not outrageous. It is innocuous. It is predictable. Humor needs to have something behind it, some kind of painful irony or life experience, to work. Eschatology is not wit. An example. A mother takes her daughter and her husband to bed. To get revenge, she marches through the trailer park and does oral sex with her daughter's boyfriend. Since I overcame the shock of Jerry Springer's program long ago, I had the same reaction I had with Andrew Dice Clay's obscene nursery rhymes; No laughter, just yawning. Finally, I found Springer's pose tiresome and unconvincing. If he really was a supporter of the poor, he would bring a single mother from Bed-Sty to talk about the idea of ​​raising his children in New York with $ 12,000 a year. Or, failing that, he would at least give his program participants a share of their profits. Jerry Springer gets millions for his shows, his movie, his book and videos. Your guests receive only round-trip airfare, hotel accommodations and a chance to humiliate themselves. If he liked the poor people so much, he would give them at least some of the money they earned him. It seems that Springer wanted to make this film to gain some legitimacy for himself. Eita, with all your good work, you would think he would deserve our respect. Anyway, the movie is weak and boring. You can not even be offensive. If you want to have a better night, shoot a zapper bug for a night and then watch it.
