The Vampire Bat is set in the small German village of Klineschloss where Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) the Burgermeister is holding a meeting with Inspector Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) of the local police on all recent murders, six victims were discovered in as many weeks , all drained of blood and with the same two perforations in the neck. Brettschneider does not have a clue, but the superstitious elders of the village believe that the deaths are the work of a vampire. Brettschneider is not convinced, but frightened villagers continue to tell stories of seeing a great Bat while the last victim Martha Mueller (Rita Carlyle) was found. Brettschneider is under increasing pressure to solve the murders, but can he really believe that a giant Vampire Bat is responsible and if that's how it will stop him? <br /> <br /> Directed by Frank R. Strayer The Vampire Bat was an inexpensive one from Majestic Pictures to profit from the success of its two stars Atwill & Wray and his success in previous years Doctor X (1932) and it's one more Murder mystery than a horror as the exploratory and attractive title may have led you to believe and frankly is rather boring. The script by Edward T. Lowe Jr. takes itself very seriously and sets out the basic story that something is killing local villagers and that something could be a Vampire, so for most of the time the film focuses on Brettschneider and his investigations incompetent are, not to put a very good point on this, annoying. The Vampire Bat also has a bit of an identity crisis since it does not know exactly what it wants to be, the title suggests a horror movie, while most can be easily described as a thriller with the final few minutes coming down fiction silly scientist. There is no Bat Vampire, attempts to fool you are pathetic, all stereotypes of the character are wide and you can tell the villain of the play right away and as a whole there is nothing particularly exciting or fun about The Vampire Bat. I know it's old, but that's no excuse, since the movies have changed a lot since 1933 and a boring, boring, boring and deceptive movie like The Vampire Bat simply does not work these days, just look at the King original. Kong (1933) released the same year and how brilliantly it still stands today. I did not like that and I doubt that many modern moviegoers either, it's so simple and straightforward. <br /> <br /> Director Strayer does not do anything special, but this is a case in which I can cut the film some slack because of his age, as a whole is very good point, shoot and wait for the best things. There is not much in terms of atmosphere or scares, although some of the existing sets, taken from The Old Dark House (1932) and Universal's Universal, are good and add a certain atmosphere to things. <br /> <br /> Technically, Vampire Bat does not compare to anything, even remotely modern, because his age is fine, I suppose, but again I turn my attention to the original King Kong. Speaking of King Kong, the star Fay Wray has a role in this, as well as the icon of terror Lionel Atwill, I will be kind and would say that the performance is good. <br /> <br /> Vampire Bat will fool me a lot of people think it's a horror movie about Vampire Bats, when in fact it's not, personally I found the whole thing a bit boring. It's short and tells your story reasonably, but I must admit I'm not a fan.
