It is in the nature of companies to try to capitalize on the success of others. Here we have a film drawing elements from the first 'Dracula' (1931) and 'Frankenstein' (1931) - in a German town the village leaders believe that vampires (in the form of bats) have been the cause of recent deaths of blood. Despite being shot at Universal (and in the Bronson Caves!), It is a feature of Poverty Row; it is not fair to compare it with the earlier, more expensive and superior films. From the familiar and exciting music of the main titles (which must have been from Mischa Bakalienikoff), through the talky but well-done opening sequence, we anticipate the arrival of Lionel Atwill, Fay Wray and Dwight Frye for us Unfortunately, this does not happen. This is the disappointment. <br /> <br /> We received a bit more than the stereotypical elements of such films, but with slow pace, low budget, not enough of Dwight Frye, the exaggerated presence of Maude Eburne (Aunt Gussie) and Premise to Lionel Atwill (Dr. von Niemann) require human blood or how he exhibits mind control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazier) never made it very clear. <br /> <br /> Do not watch the technicolor 'Dr. X '(1932) - which also stars Lionel Atwill and Fay Wray, but as father and daughter - before seeing it the way I did; is an Oscar winner in comparison. So watch this first. Structurally, 'The Vampire Bat' is still not that good. He stirs up with much conversation or unnecessary comic relief, without concentrating heavily on vampiric villainy. <br /> <br /> In addition to 'Dr. Lionel Atwill's most famous appearances are as the only gendarme armed in 'Son of Frankenstein' (1939) and as Moriarity in 'Sherlock Holmes' and the Secret Weapon '(1943). Dwight Frye steals all his manic scenes in 'Dracula' (1931). As the "young lovers" Melvin Douglas and Fay Wray have a beautiful kissing scene, but that's all. He can be seen in "The Old Dark House" (1932), and Fay is dragged by Joel McCrea in "The Most Dangerous Game" (1930). Then there's the classic "screamer" from 1933. Too bad, money and rewrites were not available for this movie to better show the talents and chemistry of Lionel Atwill, Fay Wray and Dwight Frye. Unfortunately, then, this sadly disappointing movie only gets a 4.
