In creating this film, director Mary Harron apparently had the goal of clearly documenting the progress of Bettie Page's career from the early days of modeling to modeling to returning home after the Senate Hearings on Juvenile Delinquency and its religious rediscovery in So determined is she to get all these facts on the screen as long as it seems to her that she's wasted enough time to explain anything in depth. <br /> <br /> When you think of someone who had the career of Page I would think there would be much to discuss, your reasons, decisions, facts of life, personal traumas, but Harron avoids any kind of personal exploration of the character. In the first fifteen minutes of the film, there is brief evidence of child abuse, domestic violence, and collective rape, but all are rushed and never cited again. You get the impression that Harron and Guinevere Turner (co-writer) wanted to cover up anything that was not glamorous and flattering. You enter this movie hoping to get an idea of ​​who the person behind the posters was, but all you get is a list of things she did and recreates from some of her most famous photo shoots. <br /> <br /> All in all, the movie really frustrates you as you watch, desperately waiting for an extra layer to reveal itself. How does she balance her religion with her work? What made this young Tennessee girl move from modeling to slavery photography. The film simply shows her going to another modeling agency and putting in everything she said, but it certainly would have involved some shock and deliberation, that was after all the 1950s. It seems to me that Harron is trying to make a point about how all this is domesticated by today's standards (Page never took pictures of explicit sexual actions) and how the reaction some gave to that sort of thing was really super-sweet. And although this is true, it never really makes it look sordid in the eyes of others. Today we look at a young woman posing topless and find none of it, but we should have some kind of feeling about how shocking it would have been for a contemporary audience. This woman was a central part of a Senate hearing on Juvenile Delinquency, but no one is ever really shown as shocked. <br /> <br /> Basically, I left this movie just thinking about how tame it was. Harron and Turner were able to avoid anything that might be unpleasant for the viewer. They appear as two Miss Page fans throughout their lives and are desperate to be sure that nothing, absolutely nothing, could put a bad light on their heroine, and thus avoided any deepening about who she really was. (Before and after his career there are reports of his violent nature and mental problems) And all that remains is the series of events that made up his career without any substance behind it.
