On September 26, 1983, a 60-year-old woman was tried for the attempted murder of Leonie Haddad, a lady whose husband had recently died and agreed to receive a tenant who came through a housing authority for the elderly. Haddad was not informed that her new tenant had indeed come from Patton State Psychiatric Hospital, where she had been imprisoned for an inexplicable knife attack on a couple three years earlier. Haddad soon realized that something was "rotten in Denmark" when the woman began to lock herself in the bathroom with a tape recorder reciting prophecies about "seven gods." Haddad's fears were confirmed one night when she woke up and found her tenant sitting on his chest holding a loaf of bread announcing that "God inspired me to kill him." Haddad managed to knock down his abuser with a telephone, but not before losing a finger and suffering deep lacerations on his face and chest. It was a miracle that she survived. The tenant was found innocent because of insanity, but sent, kicking and screaming, back to the academy of laughter. Ten years later, she was released and discovered she was now a celebrity; but not for the brutal attacks on her innocent victims, but for her 25-year-old incarnation when she was known as the "Queen of the Curve," "Tennessee Tease" and "Miss Pin Up Girl of the World" - the notorious Bettie. Page. Director Mary Harron, known primarily as 'American Psycho' takes us back to the glory days of a legendary cheesecake and bondage model (played solidly by Gretchen Mol) who inadvertently wrote the blue copy of fetish iconography and whose influence can be detected in everything from comic books to catwalks. T.N.B.P is a fun ride through an evocative 1950s performance, where Page, with the help of boyfriends and well-meaning photographers, becomes the number one star of brilliant men with titles like Wink, Tab and Parade. Her true dream of film stardom avoids her and a quarrel with the authorities on charges of obscenity in 1957 is the incitement that leads her to retire from modeling and surrender to God. The overall style of the film is light and sparkling and only dims momentarily with an allusion to his father's incestuous attentions and a sexual assault that inexplicably seems to have no discernible effect on her. Mol interprets Page as she looks in her photographs, happy, carefree and amusing - even the shots of slavery betray little more than a good and humorous incomprehensibility. The film ends in optimism with Page cheerfully delivering bibles in a park with no real-life indication of unhappy marriages, personal tragedy, and decadence in murderous insanity that lay before her; avoiding what I believe to be the essential nucleus of the story of Page - rebirth and resurrection. Having emerged from a decade of incarceration, Page discovered that his cult had been on the rise since the mid-1980s and that it had become an immense underground icon, during which many asked "what happened with Bettie Page ". His "mysterious" disappearance fueled the fire of various conspiracy theories, adding only to the fascination of his legend. When world media finally caught up with her, she gave no clue to her dark past and was soon giving interviews to magazines, TV and being photographed at Playboy parties with names like Pamela Anderson and equally tragic Anna Nicole Smith. She discovered that she was now more famous than ever in her "glory years," but in the brilliance of this "resurrection" it was only a matter of time before the full story came to light. <br /> <br /> The only thing notorious about the notorious Bettie Page is that they left out the part when it became truly noticeable.
