"The 700 Club" has to be the most fanatical television show in the history of television itself. To make matters worse, it has been on the air since 1966, implying that thousands, if not millions, of people are believing in their hatred and lies. Headed by Pat Robertson, the founder and leader of the unscrupulous and unscrupulous Christian Coalition, "The 700 Club" takes us from misinformation to misunderstanding, conveying "news" as they think and trying to convince their audience that all problems of the world are to blame for homosexuals, Wiccans, New Age spiritualists, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, non-fundamentalist Christians, Democrats, single mothers, foreigners, feminists, evolutionists, environmentalists, NASA scientists and anyone else who does not share fanatical religious visions. In fact, it's the best fake news since "The Daily Show" or the "Weekend Update" segment of "Saturday Night Live", or from "FOX News", for that matter. Of course, Pat is always the one who makes every decision, saying whatever comes to mind and not giving a damn about who offends or hurts. In the meantime, he continues his part in the struggle to turn the United States into a militarized police state, causing the religious to screw their noses at everything they can and asking for a donation to the other - no less than $ 100 for themselves. to become a member, by the way - to finance Pat's African diamond mines and buy oil from companies represented by the government in the past for their environmental abuse. No, it does not matter that Pat was friends with the genocidal dictators of Zaire and Zimbabwe to help him acquire that wealth; It's all for the greater glory of God, do not you know? And, of course, The 700 Club presenters are always willing to read "audience-written" letters as they would have liked to say, coincidentally typed in the same format and all in the same paper color by supposedly healed "spectators" of several afflictions by the said hosts (they say they have "words of knowledge" coming to them) but they NEVER APPEAR in the program to say what happened to them. Honestly, how can anyone take a show seriously when they're using a bad recording of applause? That should make people think why there's no audience in the studio. The sad thing that Pat's friends and spectators do not realize or just do not want to realize is the horrible things he did and said. This is a guy who agreed with Jerry Falwell that the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 in the United States were the result of God punishing us for our acceptance of homosexuality and feminism. Ironic, considering that Pat has twice publicly referred to the implementation of a nuclear weapon in the State Department; I have little doubt that it was his wealth that prevented him from being arrested by such statements. His speeches against homosexuals, single mothers and any number of sexual practices he considers "sinful" are interesting, considering he was known to frequent several brothels during the Korean War. As the Bible says, be fruitful and multiply, so congratulations, Pat - thanks to you, there are probably a number of children born to single Korean mothers. Then, of course, there was the time when he asked for the assassination of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez (not that he is a saint, but still). Oh, yes, and let's not forget the time when this "crusader for human life" supported forced abortions in China. Very "Christian" of him, would not you say? <br /> <br /> And in case Pat forget, I did not forget his little speech that evangelical Christians today are being treated exactly as the Jews were. in Nazi Germany. "Honestly, comparing his" difficult situation "with the horrors of the Holocaust is almost unforgivable.In speaking of this, I need to mention how he lied blatantly that homosexuality ran loose among the Nazi party in a pathetic attempt to discredit homosexuals Of course, history shows us that the Nazis acted toward homosexuals in the same way they acted toward Jews. <br /> <br /> Pat Robertson is one of the greatest liars in history. <br /> <br /> If he were Pinocchio, his nose would surround Earth. The 700 Club is one of the most, if not the most vile, program in the history of television. evil disguised as good, is a wolf clothing in sheep.It is an intolerant imbecile who tries to appear clean, beautiful and loving.It is living proof that hateful and dangerous religious visions are not confined certain groups in the Middle East. Even those who are not of the Christian faith know that this goes against all that Jesus taught, and if Jesus appeared in this "club," He would not be imitating them. Instead, He would be punishing them as He did with the Pharisees of his day and tossing the dumps of their telethons, as He did in front of the synagogue of his day. All I can say is thank god Pat had no chance to become president; if he did, he would be the herald of Armageddon - not on the side of the good guys.
