I do not believe there has been a more perverse or evil television show to perform in the United States like the 700 Club. They are today equivalent to the twentieth-century Ku Klux Klan. His hatred for all that is good and sweet and pure and human is beyond all capacity for understanding. His constant daily attacks on millions and millions of Americans, as well as billions of human beings around the world who happen to not share his intolerant, cruel, monstrous and totally insane vision of humanity, are beyond anything that television has ever had. visa. The lies that they release and the ridiculous lies that try to pass on as truth, as the idea of ​​"life after death" or "god" or "sin" or "the devil" are so absurd that they seem really mentally ill. lost they are in your fantasy. People know that religion is a drug and they should not allow themselves to be addicted to this type of fantasy. However, the 700 Club is in a class by itself. They are truly a cult. Although I believe in freedom of expression, the way they spread hate, lies, misinformation, and these fantastic ideas goes beyond all bounds. I hope one day the American Psychiatric Association will finally begin to study people who deceive themselves in this way, people who allow themselves to sink so deeply into the fantasy land of religion that they no longer have any real concept of reality. . The treatment for these afflicted individuals is extremely necessary in this country as many people have completely lost their minds to the fantasy of religion. The 700 Club, however, is even more horrible as it rises to the legal definition of "worship," but because of the vast wealth of Club 700 (deceived daily from the millions of Americans trapped in their deceptive clutches) they are above the law in this parents . For those of you who have seen the movie "The Matrix," you know that the film was a metaphor for religion on earth: the evil ones who are at the top of each of the religions who drain the ones they have arrested and cruelly abuse their purposes selfish, and those millions who are kept in a deadly sleep and slowly being drained of their life force represent those many people who belong to religions and who have lost all ability to perceive what is really going on around them. In less civil times, the good inhabitants of the city would have run monsters such as those associated with the 700 Club out of town with torches and forks. But in today's world where people have lost all choice in their television choices presented to them, we can not get rid of the plague of the 700 Club. <br /> <br /> The television audience system and the chip "V" should also have a rating called "R" for religion, so that rational people and concerned parents could easily filter out intellectual and brutal emotional rapes, as presented by The 700 Club every day throughout our country, from themselves and their children.
