Years have passed since Don Wilson used his martial arts skills to take down a robot that was programmed to destroy him, he is also married to the blonde reporter (Stacie Foster) who led the rebellion in the first film, now a new conspiracy is in the works, one that involves similar droids that frame our two heroes and a corporation that wants to rule the world (there is no plot to support any of this) and Cyber ​​Tracker 2 becomes a virtual replay of the first movie. I admit I bought bargain box DVDs that were made by PM, PM was a company specializing in cheap action movies (like this one) that had tons of blasts, little history and nothing more than a sharp action. Some of these titles were (moderately) enjoyable (Last Man Standing and The Sweeper), however Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is stuck with the cast of Don Wilson without charisma. When comparing the protagonists of similar PM efforts, Jeff Wincott and C. Thomas Howell are nominated for an Oscar when compared to Don Wilson. Another telltale sign is that this was directed by Richard Pepin, who lacks the talent that Joseph Merhi seems to have in crafting action sequences that seem far more expensive than his budgets. Then again, although C. Thomas and Wincott are probably more expensive to get. Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is a steal with a Capitol R, there are so many better movie thefts (Robocop, Terminator, even Universal Halloween III!) That it's almost as if Richard Pepin was trying to infuse a sense of identity to the pedestrian stuff yet without the clever ideas or at least the mindless zip of great action, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 drops flat. There is literally a good idea that is not borrowed from a better movie and supporting cast. The only exception comes from Tony Burton, who is better than the material. Also Stacie Foster looks like she could be better with much better material. However, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 comes mainly as noisy, bland and lackluster but without major martial arts sequences to lean on, all there is is a lot of cars crashing and this does not replace the bankrupt ambition expressed here . <br /> <br /> * 1/2 of 4- (Bad)
