When they killed the character of John Amos, they killed the show. It was the vital part of the information structure. You had a story of an inner-city family struggling to make the best they knew. They were poor, they were black, and they were living proof that if you have Jesus and your family, nothing is too difficult. Of course James would lose jobs and JJ would fail at school, but the family could always find a way. <br /> <br /> James was the strong male model who earned income and disciplined children. Florida was the strong woman that everyone, including James, when he needed a shoulder to cry or hug to do so. The children had personalities and information that made them important as a family unit. Her neighbor Willona was also a key element, because she represented not just a friend, but someone very dear to be a family. Things were brilliant, brave, funny, and honest until they changed the course of the program. James dies and JJ took over the show. Flo was still a mother, Thelma was turning into a lady and Michael was still the militant dwarf, but JJ was the show. We were expected to believe that the fatherless family or the prominent breadwinner could stay in the apartment. I think James's pay did not do much for the family. They were only threatened with eviction because they said they were moving and not because nobody in the house was working. I know JJ, Flo, Thelma and even Michael ended up getting jobs, but come here in earnest. James worked so hard you could feel for him, but the others were not at all realistic and that's a shame. <br /> <br /> JJ was the comic relief, but I felt the show needed substance. It's okay to be funny, but they had the chance to show a real family and what it took to survive in the real world and they threw it all away in a few laughs. Michael's character almost disappeared as the rest of the cast slid into the shadows of JJ Evan's show. I mean, really, here was a guy who was failing at school, he was still getting fired, and he painted for money in about two episodes. James was always there to encourage his talent, but Flo and the rest of the family did not seem to care. <br /> <br /> Why did it take him so long to understand that painting was what he should do? ? He could have sold the painting on the street or worked for people who print billboards and billboards. (He did, but something went wrong with that.) Why did not he do it and why did the others give up on their dreams? I will tell you why, it was because they did not have a father in their life to care for and to cheer them on and their mother ceased to be yours to sustain their dreams. The show stopped teaching us about growth, construction and learning and began to teach us about tricks and phrases of effect. They should have kept James. If any program needed a parent, that was it.
