What we have here is a classic case of a lot of patriotism. This is what happens when you live in a small country with little (almost no) movie history. Whenever someone makes a film project a little more ambitious? beyond the usual dramas about families of struggling farmers or long-running comedy films of local comedians? all feel compelled to love it and even the one responsible for disseminating favorable assessments at the borders of the countries. This is especially the case when the writer / director of this particular movie is already a boyfriend of the nation because he is also the founder and lead singer of a popular rock band. "Any Way The Wind Blows" is by no means a bad movie, but it's definitely overrated (if that's possible within the confines of a small country) and has absolutely nothing new or even remotely original to offer. This is basically the Flemish version of classic films like "Short Cuts" and "Magnolia" and illustrates a mosaic of characters whose daily lives initially seem unrelated but eventually come together in the end. The only thing that seems to unite the eight protagonists at first is the city of Antwerp, where everyone lives and works, but gradually the deeper relationships between them become transparent and near the climax they all gather for a party. The main problem with "Any Way The Wind Blows", at least according to his, is in the characters. They really are random, uninteresting and honestly do not experience anything that can be considered out of the ordinary. It was presumably writer / director Tom Barman's intention to describe the regular and regular inhabitant of Antwerp, but then, seriously, what is the point? One of the characters is fired from his work as a film designer, another is a failed novelist struggling with a marriage crisis, two brothers have recently lost their father and the most "mysterious" of them is followed by the wind wherever he goes. There are a few more characters walking regularly around the screen, but they are even less noteworthy. These people simply talk about random topics (such as the life of the 80s, dates and bowel movements of each other) and philosophy about subjects that no one cares about. Some of the dialogues evoke light laughter, especially the interactions between the two twentysomething Ghent guys, but still nothing extraordinary or even memorable. The film really works best as a tourist video to promote the city of Antwerp and as an extensive and versatile musical documentary. There are several stylish and interesting pictures of Antwerp and there are always beautiful songs being played, whether really loud or subtly in the background. Generally speaking "Any Way The Wind Blows" is an effort made with competence and style, but very mundane and a bit boring, and I sincerely wonder that most of your fans would not mind watching it were not a Flemish production.
