This movie was agitated, incoherent and artificial. It was also an extremely grumpy portrait of women. I rented it because it was listed as a comedy (that's an excerpt), and because the cover said Andie McDowell was acting like a storm. She was not. I'm a girl, I watched this movie with two guys, and we spent an hour later, exclaiming how bad it was. <br /> <br /> WARNING: PLOT SUMMARY BELOW! RAMPANT SPOILERS! <br /> <br /> The film begins with a rather trivial plot about an older woman who engages with a younger man with the harsh disapproval of her two single, envious girlfriends. They want her to marry a boring guy of the same age who is half in love with her. But she's so happy with her over-sexed puppy that you're hoping for them to continue, and sure enough, she decides to marry the guy. But his harpy girlfriend, aided by the insipid, prepares a plan to fool our heroine and think that the guy is cheating on her. It works. She has a fight with him, he runs out of the house and is crushed by a truck (Remember the title of the movie?) So now he's dead, two-thirds of the way through the movie. And while our heroine is a school principal who spends her time watching girls, she seems to have forgotten to use birth control and is pregnant. <br /> <br /> She has broken relationships with her girlfriends because they did not support her. Alone and unfortunate, she decides to marry the boring guy. Did I mention that the boring guy who loves her is a minister? She asked him to marry her to the young guy (cool, huh?), But now she tells him that she will marry him, and apparently he has no objections to being digested in that way. But her friends rescue her at the altar and take her home, where they do not confess that they were primarily responsible for the love of their life being stifled. She has her son. In the final scene, they leave in a crib inside their house while they go out onto the porch to drink, smoke and be presumptuous. I'm not joking, it's so bad. I left out the part about red herring cancer and the ridiculous lesbian moment of the harpy.
