I almost left the house, but I paid my money, and my friend almost so angry wanted to resist. After the innocent and captivating innocence of "A New Hope" and the thrilling sophistication of "The Empire Strikes Back," I remember waiting for "Return of the Jedi" with an almost painful anticipation. But from the initial scene of this insultingly commercial sewer, I was bitterly disappointed and enraged with Lucas. He should have been ashamed of himself, but this abomination proves undeniably that he has no subatomic particles of shame in his cold, greedy heart. Episode I would continue to reinforce this fact - your honor, I call Jarjar Binks (but please, send the beard bags to the jury members first). <br /> <br /> From the initial survey of Jabba's gate This film was just a commercial of more than two hours for the largest number of profitable and licentiable action figures Lucas could get in him - guards like pigs, pork-skinned footman, Jabba's vile muppet-pet, new and recycled cabaret figures, monsters, etc., etc., ad vomitum. Then there were the detestably cute and marketable Ewoks. Pile on top of that all the aliens from the rebel alliance. Fifteen seconds each on the screen (or less) and the kids only have one for their collection. The flagrant and abusive financial provocation of children is nauseating. Lucas did not even bother to invent a new plot - he just exhumed the Death Star of "A New Hope" and released boatload of cheap sentiment. What a horrible slap in the face of your fans. I can not shake the notion that Lucas had a perverse pleasure in inflicting this on his fans: "I have these lemmings so bad that I can produce the worst piece of rotten and stinking trash I could dream of. In addition, all children they will whine and torture their parents until they buy for the brats a complete collection of action figures of every caricature, incidental caricature I have put in, and I receive a cut from each one of them.this will make me even more obscenely rich. " There may have been an insignificant and partial amount of redeeming moments in this miserable theft. It seems I remember that Harrison Ford just managed to keep his nose above the surface of that pit. But whatever the few bright spots there are, they are massively obliterated by the offensive commercialism that Luke has so avariably adopted in this total and absolute sell-out for profit.
