Freddy's Dead: The Last Nightmare begins as the dream demon Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) leaves a teenager (Shon Greenblatt) on the outskirts of Springwood with no memory of himself, who he is or why he's there. Local police pick him up and take him to a youth center where child psychiatrist Maggie Burroughs (Lisa Zane) interviews him, finds a newspaper in his pocket that leads them to Elm Street in Springwood, where they find that no children live there . and therefore no Freddy victim kills anyone. It turns out it's a plan devised by Freddy to find his daughter and use her to escape from Springwood. When Maggie realizes what Freddy is to her and some children decide they have to kill Freddy once and for all ... Directed by Rachel Talalay this was done with the intention of being the last A Nightmare in The Elm Street movie that by that time had already reached five, of course, as any horror movie fan knows if there is still money to be made from a franchise or a character, so there is no way in hell Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare would be the last one that, of course, was not. The series A Nightmare on Elm Street has been a franchise of diminishing returns as the films fell in quality as the series progressed until we get here and Freddy's Dead, which for my money is probably the worst of them all. The movie moves at a reasonable pace and is rarely boring, but it's so silly, childish and looks like a live cartoon with some horrible horror scenes that look like a million miles from Wes's original 1980s thriller Craven. The sequel in which Stoner Spencer is trapped inside a video game being played by Freddy is terrible by itself, but then we are treated with shots of his body actually jumping around the house from wall to wall and from floor to ceiling, which is the most ridiculous thing I've seen in a while, or maybe the first scenes, when the boy John Doe falls from an airplane on the ground, like the cartoon character Coyote in the Road Runner cartoon or the absurd vision of Freddy threatening the deaf Carlos with pins he intends to knock down on the floor to make a loud noise or when he will eventually kill him by scraping his knives through a blackboard. You can not take it seriously and I was just sitting there, not believing in what I was seeing. When they finally try to kill Freddy, the hero gets a powerful secret weapon, yes, that's right, a pair of 3-D cardboard glasses! The character is poor, the dialogue is bad and the plot is messy, he does not stick to the continuity of Elm Street & in general the movie is a bit confusing, the best thing I can say is that it has quite a bit of unintentional humor and you can certainly laugh at it. <br /> <br /> The movie has big tonal problems while it tries to be dark, scary and sinister, but it's so silly and it just seems ridiculous at times that any attempt to be serious drops flat completely. There is not much blood in this one, there are a few fingers cut off, some stabbing, someone falls on a bed of nails and that's about it. The body count is extremely low here with only three deaths. The last twenty minutes of Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare was filmed in 3-D, although the version I saw presented this part as normal, so I can not comment on how this works or not, but you can definitely see photos that are meant to are seen in 3-D, which take advantage of the process. The special effects vary, some are really good while others are terrible and Freddy's burnt makeup this time seems pretty poor. <br /> <br /> This apparently had a budget of about $ 5,000,000 (had an opening weekend box). $ 12,000,000 office fix) & the movie has some visual touches and gags that makes the thing look even more caricatured than it already is. The acting is very bad from the main connections, although there are some strange appearances, including Tom Arnold and Roseanne, Johnny Depp and rocker Alice Cooper. <br /> <br /> Freddy is dead: The final nightmare is probably the worst of the whole series and besides some unintentional laughter value there is not much here to recommend or enjoy. Fans of the show are probably going to like it and defend it, but for me that's as far as possible from the shocking original Wes Craven classic. Followed by New Nightmare (1994) who attempted to lead Freddy Krueger and the series in a new and different direction.
