A few years ago I got to see the first five films of this franchise, and I was planning to do an overview of the whole series Elm St .. However, just two years later and I guess I do not remember enough about them in order to do it? I think they could not have made much of an impression. What do I remember, some of the sequences? Dream Warriors in particular? were not as bad as they are often made, though not even the original was classic. Generally, the predictability of the premise (if people fall asleep, they are murdered in their dreams) does not lend itself to narrative tension. But although I can not remember many of the first five films, I know they never plunged into the depths of Freddy's Dead. <br /> <br /> An indication of how ill Freddy the audience was at this point could be judged by the fact that the film was promoted solely on the death of the character. The fact that the conclusion of the film is not even hidden, but in fact the whole purpose for the film will illustrate how vague, soulless and cynical this venture was. Taking the morally questionable idea of ​​having a child molester as a charismatic villain, Robert Englund's rather scary interpretation explodes with so much laughter. I've always found that Freddy's mockery of teenage victims was less character-driven than the adolescent audience who could watch that complaint. It's as if Englund was yelling "do we know this is rubbish? But you're paying to see, so who's the one laughing?" And I'm sure victims of child abuse would be discouraged to see such an insensitive description of their situation. Has Freddy's appearance in the movies ever been so rudimentary? All he has to do here is some "haaaaaaaaaaaaaarr ?? har ?? harar" and that's it. If this was the only Elm St. movie you ever saw, you would not know the character. Even though the pre-death character in a flashback, Englund interprets him as a villainous boo-whistle pantomime with a wave of transatlantic irony (ie exaggerated, misplaced and not funny). <br /> <br /> universally poor. Just look at how often Breckin Meyer gets overwhelmed with his hand gestures and body language. Only Kananga himself, Yaphet Kotto, maintains his dignity. And when Roseanne, Tom Arnold and Alice Cooper appear, you can visibly see the film sinking even deeper into the mud. The script is also lousy, almost totally without merit. Carlos (Ricky Dean Logan) opens a screenplay, about which Freddy, as Noel Coward, cunningly wrote "you're fucked". When asked for the map, Carlos responds "well, the map says we're f ** ked". Who wrote the script, Oscar Wilde? <br /> <br /> What about the scene where Carlos is tortured by Freddy, his hearing increased to painful levels? So Freddy torments you threatening to drop a pin? a potentially fatal sound, since all sounds are magnified. Strangely, the fact that Carlos screams at the top of his voice so he does not let go seems to have no effect. "Good to hear from you, Carlos," jokes Freddy, hoping some better lines will come out. It is also worth noting that dream sleep does not occur instantly, so being unconscious would not allow instant access to Freddy's world. Although part of the narrative contains a human computer game and a final 3-D plot logic is not so high on the list of requirements. <br /> <br /> The teenagers who lead the cast this time are really the most obnoxious. , an unpleasant group throughout the series. Tracy (Lezlie Deane) is the only one who can greet Freddy with "shut up, man" and a kick in the scallops. And was incongruent pop music always part of the ingredients? Freddy is dead. Do not laugh Without fear. No interest Not fun. <br /> <br />
