In fact, they do not, but they certainly did so by trying to think of a singular line that adequately sums up how terrible that entry really is in the series. There were a few moments that could have been good, but most of the time they were compensated for their own conversion into lost opportunities, and did not lead me to get the evil. <br /> <br /> The wasted opportunities are pretty obvious, but I'll recap them here if anyone cares. Anyone who has not seen the movie and actually bid would be advised to stop reading at this point. The first and potentially greatest missed opportunity was the plot with Freddy's long-lost son. Now, the extreme mental illness that Freddy seems to suffer (and I must hurry to add that less than one percent of mental patients are a threat to others, let alone so far) is HEREDITARY, so why not some sort of mystery? In what character of Lisa Zane does she dream about Freddy murdering the teenagers, only later we find out that she is actually doing all the murder? Sounds like a good idea to you? Obviously he was above the heads of Talalay and De Luca. Then there's the trip to Springfield, where the entire adolescent population has been wiped out, and the remaining adults are experiencing a kind of mass psychosis. Curiously, he said that mass psychosis was actually represented in a realistic and convincing way, although this has a good relation to the fact that we are never shown too much. We are just giving quick visual cues of the tremendous loss of connection to reality that would result from the pain of every young person in the city dying for reasons beyond understanding and control of the person. The essential problem with this element of the plot, however, is that the city is abandoned very quickly and without real answers. This collection of scenes would have been much more frightening, with ten minutes of saying ... a sane citizen explaining to those visitors why the Springfield Fair looks like a horror show. <br /> <br /> Of course, horror movies are never noticed. for the development of their characters, unless they are the kind of horror movies that John Carpenter used to direct, but how should we care when characters we know next to nothing about dying? At least Wes Craven had time to assemble his characters in the original, and used some cheap tricks to lure audiences. That, in a nutshell, is probably the biggest problem with Freddy's Dead: he just does not try everything, let alone with enough strength. <br /> <br /> On a related note, I feel sorry for Robert Englund, now that he is more or less inextricably linked to the character Freddy. He played much better characters in much better productions (the science fiction miniseries "V", for example), and to be remembered forever as "the man who played Freddy" is selling him rather short. It seems like it will never break the mold of horror movies now. As for the rest of the cast, well, I think their performances here speak for themselves. They deserved to be permanently typified as little more than grade B horror props. Even Yaphet Kotto did not escape unharmed, since his character is one of the most childishly written in the history of B movies. Freddy's Dead takes one of me. I vote lower, but IMDb does not allow it. FD is really proof of how the inability of a writer to exploit a concept to its fullest can ruin not just a movie, but an entire franchise.
