* May contain spoilers * A few weeks after I originally wrote my review of Hood of the Living Dead, I realized that I might have been a bit harsh with this movie. That's why I decided to do something I've never done before. Review the same movie again. Do not get me wrong, I still do not like the movie, I still think it sucks, and I still think zombies do not look like zombies. The story of the film is still, in my opinion, weak and rather stupid. The story is about a guy named Rick, who works as a scientist (who happens to be working on a serum thing that heals sick cells in animals) and his brother Germaine, the two are not exactly in the best of terms (my, an original plot point) and argue a lot. One day Germaine is shot in a shootout and Rick calls his scientist friend to bring the serum to try to resuscitate Germaine (while most people would call 911, but whatever), of course the serum fails and Germaine "dies." "(if this did not happen there would have been no movie) after the police and coroner (by the end of the time I will still think that maybe the paramedics should have appeared) let the scene show the coroner (I still believe it was just the van of someone with a decal "coroner" thrown to the side), and Germaine coming back to life to attack and kill the paramedics.I would talk more about the plot but I feel that if I reveal more about the story you would not like (and we would not want it now?), but suffice it to say that the story (in my opinion, at least) snakes and is rather slow to move (unintentional pun). zombies do not look like zombies much, I still think they seem to be in a bar brawl.It does not mean that everyone should be decaying and all, but still there should be at least bite marks on the victims.In addition, I still do not I like the fact that the director (s) continually change the pace at which the zombies move. They do not really seem to decide whether or not to make the zombies run or clutter (as most zombie movies do), do not get me wrong, I'm totally responsible for running zombies, but kneel in people. In one scene, the zombie runs toward the living, and in the other, it simply collapses into them. And sometimes they just do not seem believable (yes, I know their fictional creatures, but still), I'm referring to the zombie who runs his hand across the wall like he's walking through a dark room, and I still do not Like the zombie that is lying on the ground, takes a shot, then pushes as if he had just been shot. The sound in the movie also bothered me, especially the music, which although it may have been just my copy of the movie seemed practically non-existent. Music in a movie is important personal. Especially when the sound editing sounds like the director took a camcorder from friends and recorded a small zombie movie. The acting is still atrocious (in my opinion) and is on the same level as the American "actors" of the Japanese film Junk zombies. The movie is still bad, almost House of the Dead is bad, it is better, there is no doubt about it, but again this is not saying much. It's not the worst movie out there, and it's better than very straightforward for video movies that are out there, but at the end of the day it was not good. I also think the movie moves very slowly, despite the fact that it's only an hour and twenty minutes (and yes, I still do not like the opening song). This is the kind of movie that I think is well suited to be debuted on the Sci-Fi network. That's why I'm forced to give this movie disaster one in ten. But think of it this way, at least it is not negative.
