In Vivah, by director Sooraj Barjatya, Shahid Kapur, a 20-something boy, finds himself in love with the modest little town girl his father chose to marry him. Attracted by his innocence and simplicity, Shahid agrees to the marriage shortly after meeting her at his home in Madhupur, and the young lady in question, Amrita Rao, seems equally shocked by her charming suitor. The marriage is set for six months later, and the couple finds themselves in the first spasms of young and flourishing love, despite their geographical distance. But Amrita, who was raised by her uncle and her aunt after the death of her parents, is hit by a horrible calamity just hours before the wedding. And so it's up to Shahid to make the honorable lover and embrace her unconditionally. Much in the same vein as Hum Aapke Hain Koun and Hum Saath Hain Saath, the new Barjatya movie Vivah is also at a level a family drama with an extremely idealistic. premise. But unfortunately, the plot of this new film seems very dated, even more unlikely than the regressive soaps of Ekta Kapoor. And the problem is clear? you just can not relate to characters so noisy that they do not have a bad bone in their bodies. There are many things that work for and against Hindu movies, and timing is one of these important factors. Twenty-five years ago, perhaps Vivah's plot may not have been felt as such, but today it seems only the product of a mind stuck in a temporal distortion. Perhaps the only salvation of the film is the fact that it exudes sincerity from beginning to end, you can immediately realize that the filmmaker's intention is not to deceive. Judging by Barjatya's previous films and closely examining this new one, you can safely state that Barjatya believes in a perfect world, he believes in his golden characters, he believes that big families can live together happily under one roof without the least bumps But unfortunately, he is unable to translate his vision to the screen. Is it hard to ignore how their protagonists are one-dimensional? Shahid and Amrita, both virtuous and virginal? I mean, think about it, the first time they hold hands it's an hour and twenty minutes in the movie. Barjatya may think that he is returning to his Maine Pyar Kiya roots with Vivah, but the truth is that the reason we embrace Salman and Bhagyashree in this film, or even Salman and Madhuri in Hum Aapke Hain Koun is because they had such a chemistry Fantastic. Because although they were created in the same mold as Shahid and Amrita in Vivah, these pairs had malice and masti. Shahid and Amrita are insipid and boring. For a film that relies heavily on music to tell its story, the filmmaker chooses a string of 1970s-style songs that only slow the movie further. But if I had to choose just one reason to explain why Vivah does not work for me, it's because I'm not sure I can relate to any of the characters who inhabit the Barjatya story. For some, perhaps, Vivah will give hope that a perfect world like this is actually somewhere. But I'm a little cynical, I guess. So give me Madhuri's flirt with Hum Aapke Hain Kaun, give me the naughty Salman from Maine Pyar Kiya, I'll even pick up that naughty Karisma Kapoor from Hum Saath Saath Hain. But save me from those idiots. You know, some weddings are not made in heaven. This is Vivah!
