If this documentary had not been made by the famous French director, Louis Malle, I would probably have turned off after the first 15 minutes, since it was an incredibly dull vision in a very common city of the United States Midwest in 1979. This is not exactly my idea of ​​a fun theme and the footage resembled a collection of home movies. Since I did not know any of these people, it was even less interesting. <br /> <br /> Since it was a very somber part of the lifestyle documentary, I wondered as I watched what the message they were trying to convey was. ? It may have been that the values ​​are not as conservative as you think - this was an underlying message in many of the vignettes (like Republicans whose son was a candidate for resistance, as well as the man and woman who thought of sex outside of marriage. was fine). Or perhaps the meaning was that there was a lot of intolerance behind the beautiful hometown - how many ugly ideas, such as blaming the Jews for financial conspiracies, anti-black intolerance, and homophobia, all briefly explored. The small town of 1979 was explored in great depth and an idyllic world was portrayed, but when the filmmakers returned six years later, the mood was depressed thanks to President Reagan. This seemed very insincere for several reasons. First, the 1979 part was almost 90% of the film and the final 10% consisted of just a few interviews of people who blamed the president for almost everything except acne. What about the rest of the staff in this town? Did they all see Reagan as evil or that their lives have become more negative? With just a few updates, it looked suspicious. Secondly, while it is true that national debt doubled in the following years, so did gross national product. And although Malle shows 1979 as a very optimistic period, it was far from it, since the 1974-1980 period had many shortcomings (gas, sugar, etc.), strikes, high inflation, and general malaise. Although I am not a big fan of Reagan because government growth did NOT decline during his administration, the country was generally much more optimistic than in the Ford and Carter years. While many in the media demonized Reagan (a popular sport in the 1980s), the economy has improved significantly and the documentary seems very unilateral and agenda driven. If the documentary had given more complete coverage in 1985 and did not seem too negative to be believed (after all, everyone did not have their lives worse - that defies common sense), so I might have thought otherwise. <br /> <br /> Overall, not the wonderful documentary that some have proclaimed to be - from a tedious film in 1979 to an extremely biased look back in 1985. By the way, it's just me, or the movie DROP DEAD GORGEOUS seems to have been inspired, at least in part, by this movie? Both are in similar communities, but the last film was a fun documentary without all serious tones.
