When I first started watching The Muppets Take Manhattan, the hectic performance and dialogues convinced me that I was watching something recent so you can imagine my surprise when I went to IMDb and read that it was made in 1984. Jim Henson may have finished Muppet Show when it was at its peak, but spin offs like this and Muppet Babies (which is apparently based on a very terrible sequence in this movie) are the lowest point of all things Muppet. I used to wonder why the Muppets attracted so much contempt from movie critics like Mr. Cranky, so I'm glad The Muppets Take Manhattan (henceforth: TMTM) put me right into it. Of course, many series had a great fall of quality when the third episode appeared: Aliens, RoboCop, The Evil Dead, until Night Of The Living Dead. So while it's no surprise that TMTM is smaller than The Muppet Movie or The Great Muppet Caper, the surprise is entirely at how much less than the incredible debut or its little less follow-up to TMTM. Not only is the music much less satisfying, but the scenes that connect it all are totally awful. <br /> <br /> There are, of course, some redemptive and genuinely funny moments, but they are few and far between. The Swedish chef is great in any scene he inhabits, so I thank the spirit of small mercies that he appears in a sequence in which his eccentricity is exploited to the fullest. The problem is that there are no scenes that work. The story, as it is, revolves around a Broadway musical that Kermit is trying to produce. He goes through many trials and tribulations along the way, including the suspicion that the viewer has that we have seen this before. The biggest problem is that Kermit does not have a decent antagonist to work on this time. Charles Durning was cinematic gold as Doc Hopper, the owner of a fast food chain who wants to explore Kermit for his business. Charles Grodin was dynamite as Nicky Holiday, a jewel thief that the Muppets must fight to save Miss Piggy from a life sentence. The dictum is that a hero is as good as his antagonist, and these two are at least partially responsible for the greatness of the two previous films. <br /> Charles Grodin also highlights what's wrong with TMTM. That is, music sucks. The opening number of the Manhattan Melodies show, which is at the heart of TMTM to put it well, makes the nonsense that now dominates the radio waves seem coordinated. I might be leaving my peculiar sensibility to the sound of words and phrases coming to me, but songs like The Rainbow Connection inspired tears of joy, not irritation. Grodin's great solo during The Great Muppet Caper, despite not having the same resonance, he raises the pitch of the film eight steps on its own. He's all class. And if there's one thing that TMTM could use, it's going up eight steps, plus getting a class look. TMTM also feels severely compressed in time, with the story jumping from scene to scene without any regard for making sense or giving the cohesion of the story. Maddox himself pointed out that transition and cohesion make a film seem like a coherent whole, rather than a mess of mixed pieces. See if you can find them in TMTM. <br /> <br /> Although TMTM has its stars invited, they are misused (Brooke Shields and John Landis), or totally out of their element (Liza Minelli, Dabney Coleman). ). To call this a waste of time for the puppeteer and actor is flattery. The absence of a final credit routine is especially painful here, after the Animal Post's "Go Home" in particular for the Muppets Movie. Which highlights another problem. Characters are poorly written at best, with none of their individual peculiarities being seen or heard. Animal shouts singular words at times, but they have nothing to do with the plot, or with the conversation going on around them. Say what you want about scenes created to show characters, but think about Animal's moment after eating the instant growth pills, or on his "sowwy" after the incident, when he lowered the window on top of his fellow Muppets. Now see if you can remember a single memorable moment with an individual Muppet other than the hilarious misconception of the three-dimensional movie involving popcorn. Give up? So you proved my point. <br /> <br /> Given that Labyrinth, one of the best and most timeless products of the Henson company outside the Muppets, arrived about two years later, makes TMTM even more intriguing. Perhaps this flaw has convinced Jim Henson to rethink his strategy regarding character development and use. Or maybe the ignition fault can be attributed to Frank Oz, who at the time had just worked with George Lucas on what many would agree to be the most childish episode of the original Star Wars saga. The writers have also been involved with The Great Muppet Caper, so I'll drop them off the hook for this, despite the fact that a screenplay is one of the most essential parts of a movie. The production is also substantially improved here, with the Muppets appearing capable of moving in ways that once were beyond them. If the story and script had been better thought, the TMTM could be at least comparable to The Great Muppet Caper. As it stands now, it is a great answer to the question of whether the Muppets write under influence, or excrete. <br /> <br /> For this reason, I gave Muppets Take Manhattan three out of ten. Two to denote their real quality and a bonus to the moments of the Swedish Chef. Without it, this movie would be unacceptable.
