This infamous ending to Koen Wauters' career came to my notice through the 'Night of Bad Taste'. Judging by the commentary I was not the first and I will not be the last person in Western Europe to know that this musician (undoubtedly one of the best of our contemporary pop scene, even the Dutch agree to it) tried to be an actor. Whether he should have tried it or not, can not be tried. In "Intensive Care" he is very nice, but seems uncomfortable with the movie he participates in. No one can blame you. It deserves its classification in the Hall of Fame of Verheyen by all means and standards. The story of Maniac Killer, who must have died in an accident but is alive and furious, was said dozens of times before, and even without original twists, a director can present a more than mediocre story through innovative scenarios and cinematography. /> IC is content with a hospital wing and some middle-class houses. The pace is monotonous. Tension loses the last bit of its credibility in the musical score, for every apparition of the murderer is accompanied by a tedious and menacing melody, followed by orchestral explosions during the murders, which either amply suggested and in any case as bloodless as a small budget. can do them. The sex scene is free, but it's not at all attractive. The Amsterdamned couple could have done the work, however. In dealing with the subject of the couple: the whole subplot between Wauters and the girl does not work. A more effective emotional connection could have been established on the screen if they had been just future victims, who would relax their nerves in the middle of the physical relationship. I do not even give the other cast members the dignity of a mention, for they should all have been cut into small, greasy pieces. In fact, most of them do. The ones I remember where obvious to the genre: a pretty nurse and two cops. <br /> <br /> So, in a slasher, the cavalry just comes in time to need to be rescued. The (anti) hero has to eliminate the villain, especially through intelligent thinking, since former red berets usually do not get parts of these films; they can overcome the illusion of invincibility that involves the killer. Translated to the events, Wauters kills the doctor and saves the lady in distress. <br /> <br /> No people, I have not finished. This is not the way the story goes. Wauters makes his heroic attempt, but is beaten with a fury approaching "Mechanical Orange," so it is up to the girl to take the killer's act from the punch and pierce the brains of the doctors. Although this method guarantees the killer's death more than the usual rounds of 9mm bullets, the physician survives in order to allow the IC to reach the 80 min mark. <br /> <br /> I should have made my point so far. The Intensive Treatment is a bad movie that can only be enjoyed by Bad Taste lovers, who can check out Verheyen's infectious statements and make some for themselves and thus try to fit in. For example, the (unintentional) parody of the doctor's clown mask (Halloween) and the final confrontation in the park (the chase at the end of Friday the 13th). <br /> <br /> However, let me conclude by giving an overview of some scruffy elements that give a little credit to the IC. George Kennedy is not one of them. All he has to do is endure a horrible monologue from a fellow French doctor / actor and be horrified when they let him catch fire to mark his big name on a surrogate. He could have touched his part of Naked Gun again, to end up as steak, but with a longer screen time. The end may be one of them. I had never seen a maniac being knocked over, throwing fireworks into his bowels in order to crush him against a supple fence. It's good for a laugh. <br /> <br /> Give a really good point about Intensive Care ... Koen Wauters learned his lesson and dedicated himself entirely to his musical career. That makes me wonder how many editions of the Paris-Dakar race he will have to abort before he falls in on himself. <br /> <br />
