Looking at this again recently, I found it comforting to see how sincerely they tried to bring the book to the screen, even if the tight budget and small actors meant inevitable failure. By any objective measure, it was a disaster, but I found it easy to imagine how a Lord of the Rings film could be good if someone did it honestly - and with the money to employ the most talented artists and writers. Unfortunately, thanks to Jackson, this will not be possible for a long time. <br /> <br /> Watching this movie left me with the impression that, with any kind of budget, this story simply could not be fulfilled. above. Fantasy just offers so many opportunities to make an interesting movie. There have been many moments in this movie that were potentially more interesting than the way Peter Jackson did it, although, of course, you always have to use your imagination due to poor performance. The way they tried to show the Wraith world from Frodo's point of view, for example. Or the way Galadriel showed Sam what was happening at home by another. <br /> <br /> Another thing I really enjoyed in this version - the moments of silence. There were times when the dialogue was spoken without background music against a back-drop yet. Compare that to the great camera of Jackson's films, and the intrusive score that seemed destined to emphasize how each scene was the most poignant and powerful scene we've ever seen. Jackson's films were full of their own importance, this was quieter and much more modest. <br /> <br /> Jackson and co hit more than $ 270 million in production costs, at least $ 90 million more for marketing, a massive New Zealand government tax cut, and also made savings filming in New Zealand and not in the USA. However, despite the marketing claims, the intention to be faithful was never there. This is well documented. Philippa Boyens said this in an interview when she said she deliberately did not reread the books before writing the screenplay. Jackson also stated that they originally intended to make a fantasy film "along the lines of" the Lord of the Rings, and that what he really wanted to do was "Return of the King" because he had many battles but no character development. In contrast , this movie tried to be truer. Of course many things were wrong, the performance was horrible and practically drowned out, and the pace was very fast. Naturally cut a lot and adapt other scenes, and so deserve credit. Although Jackson has added many action scenes that did not serve the purpose of the plot, Bakshi cut scenes from books that did nothing to advance the plot anyway. There is, in fact, a curious resemblance between the structure of the Jackson and Bakshi films near the beginning - both of which deviate from the original books in the same way - although, of course, part of it may be coincidental. <br /> <br /> This was not a good movie, but the potential was there. Bakshi said in an interview with the Onion AV club that only the animation could do justice to the Lord of the Rings. His version did not work, but he could be right.
