I have not seen this movie for some time so I'm afraid of not being very specific about details ... It has some interesting points. Ralph Bakshi's attempt at an animated adaptation of J. R. R. Tolkien's masterpiece was a very ambitious project, so ambitious that it failed at some point in production. So not only to abruptly somewhere in the middle of the second book of the trilogy (with a kind of suggestion of a sequel that was never made), the movie itself seems less than finished. It looks like some characters were animated while others were filmed, but whether or not it's intentional is hard to say. The whole thing seems sloppy and undone, especially the Orcs and the Nazgulls. Another problem, of course, is the huge gaps in the plot. Bakshi was in a hurry to finish this movie, and he somehow hoped to cram a book and a half into little more than two hours (Peter Jackson's new trilogy does it about twice). (and I'm not just referring to Tom Bombadil, who, I think, was adorable in the book, but would look silly in a movie.) And of course the ending, which is completely sudden and out of place. I'm not even sure if Bakshi originally intended to finish the movie there, or if he had any idea where it would end. <br /> <br /> The characters ... well, most of them were fine. Did you know that the producers of the new trilogy originally wanted to make Sam a woman, so there would be a female lead character?) If you're a fan of Tolkien (like me), watch this (although I'm not sure about buying it.) What special features does the DVD version have, anyway?) But know beforehand that you're not going to see a true 'Lord of the Rings'. Movie, "but not much more than a historical curiosity, which probably does not look much better than the 1960s version would have made the Beatles carry on with their plan (I think a psychedelic LOTR might have been pretty cool. idea was to cast George as Gandalf, Paul as Frodo, Ringo as Sam and John as Gollum.) If you did not read the book either did not like it very much or did not like animated films or did not want to see a half-finished movie ... stay away .
