There has been a trend in recent years for zombie-related films, often not so ironic, as well as other media incarnations about the resurrected dead eating meat. "Fido" is a movie that is an attempt to profit from it, simply a manifestation of it, or both - and falls directly into the category of ironic zombies. The joke here is that we can see the undead in the contrasting context of a widely stereotyped, thoroughly clean alternate story (we are following a major Zombie War and creatures are now being domesticated as slaves). version of a suburb of 1950. <br /> <br /> It's a moderately funny concept by itself, and maybe enough for a five-minute comedy sketch, but it can not sustain a feature film on its own. The joke that rotting corpses for servants are incongruous with this idealized version of a small town is repeated several times and loses all effectiveness. The soundtrack plays sunny music while zombies cannibalize viewers. The word "zombie" is constantly inserted into a familiar line for an inexpensive attempt to laugh. <br /> <br /> The extent and artificiality of the representation of the "nineteen fifties" here can not but irritate me. It's so stylized, evidently in the inspired "Pleasantville-" mode, which is more apparent in waving its 1950s markers than actually having any resemblance to anything that could have happened between 1950 and 1959. There is something unpleasantly contemptuous about it, as if the film were bragging and unthinking about how much more open, realistic and superior the 2000s are. Since the characters are such broad representations of the "types" of pop culture of the 1950s, it is difficult to develop much emotional investment in them. Each one has some character traits thrown on him - Helen is obsessed with appearances, and Bill loves golf and his haunted by having had to kill his father - but they remain quite two-dimensional. Performances within the restrictions of this bad writing are fine. The best is Billy Connolly as Fido, the zombie, who in Boris Karloff's tradition in "Frankenstein" actually conveys character and sympathy to a green monster who can not speak. <br /> <br /> There are little bits of allegory nothing subtle around - fetishism of commodities, racism, classism, paranoia of war, etc., but none of this really works at a comprehensive level, and the filmmakers not really staying with anything. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this movie is just the last prank with "Look! Zombies in 'Leave it to Beaver!'" for a good hour and a half.
