The opening scene of this movie sets the pace for all of its ninety minutes. The outlets are generic, conventional and quality films on television. The snow-drenched scenery is gorgeous, but the characters contained in it have a quality similar to that of looking at a photograph of such a setting, the overwhelming feeling being that of the distance. Some of the issues are of fairly high quality and the work of a veteran professional, but the dialogue is clumsy and artificial, having little influence on 'real' conversations apparently. Any emotional insight is shifted in favor of cursing, which is, of course, the way in which everyone shows their true feelings. The action is slow and discouraging, the general feeling is of someone dripping cold water over your head, but so slowly that you barely notice it, but eventually you feel pathetic and a little sad for being caught in such an incomprehensible situation. /> <br /> The mixture of genres that the Fessenden apparently tried to use; psychological thriller, horror and family drama, while laudable suffers from a serious lack of tension and interesting dialogue. The way the husband, wife, and son trio interact is particularly unrealistic. The themes of family relationships that unfold in haunted scenarios have been covered numerous times before by far-superior films, an instant example being that of The Shining (1980). The family unit here is torn by innocuous problems that are difficult to understand or sympathize with the relative ambiguity of the script. <br /> <br /> The family unit is hardly pursued throughout the film, Fessenden minimizes the possibilities of suspense of the film. the narrative in favor of a slow family drama for most of the runtime. The figure of stalker Otis has few apparent motives for his behavior and despite being perhaps the most interesting and well represented character is still very underdeveloped. The main characters are empty shells of people with whom it was extremely difficult to relate, their relationships to each other being particularly devoid of any feeling or feeling. Although the ignorance of Erik per Sullivan's young character by his parents is presumably part of the story, surely any reasonable person would question his son if he allegedly spoke to someone who apparently does not exist? People may accept this film as intelligent because of their relative lack of conventional aspects of creature-based horror films, but this movie is flawed in relation to the genre you want to rank. You can read deep psychological meanings in every minute of detail if you must wish but I think people would be better off analyzing your carpet for some deep emotional meaning, rather than those empty subhuman creations.
