Just in time to capitalize on the much anticipated film version of "Dreamgirls" is the DVD release of this semi-forgotten 1976 musical melodrama, which also takes the origin of Supremes as its inspiration. Released five years before the Broadway opening of "Dreamgirls" and partially set in the same period, it has a predominantly black cast and a story revolving around a promising girl group, and that's where the similarity basically ends. Written by Joel Schumacher well before he became a director of great production of the mainstream studio product ("Batman Forever", "The Phantom of the Opera"), this film seems more gritty on the surface. Faithful to form, however, Schumacher weakens the character's plot and development by injecting an abundance of cliches and anecdotes. With little affinity for musical numbers, Sam O'Steen, a respected movie editor but neophyte director, leads production as a low-budget TV movie with a frustratingly episodic structure. <br /> <br /> The story follows three Harlem sisters - the sexy Sister, the self-righteous Delores and the sweet Sparkle - sing in the church choir, meet the Stix and Levi boys, who speak well but well intentioned , and then discover their first taste as a singing group. as a quintet in a sweater called Hearts and then as a flashy trio known as Sister and the Sisters. But of course there are problems besides the silly name for the group - the sister gets involved with the nasty drug dealer Satin Struthers who hits her and turns her into a cocaine addict; Levi goes to jail for being caught in a drug collection for Satin; Stix gets frustrated with failure and recklessly turns to some Jewish mafiosi for financial aid; Delores simply gets annoyed; and poor Sparkle has to decide what kind of future she wants. One great advantage is that R & B's great Curtis Mayfield wrote the atmospheric songs, some captivating and one, "Look Into Your Heart," a real winner. <br /> <br /> The solid cast does its best under the invented circumstances. Lonette McKee's brave attempt to make Sister a tragic figure is undermined by some of the plots in the hard-hitting plot, including a similar twist on Billie Holliday in the microphone. Before being successful in primetime TV, Philip Michael Thomas and Dorian Harewood portray Stix and Levi with youthful vitality, if not much credibility. The best work comes from Mary Alice in a relatively silent turn as the patient mother of the girls and a pre-Fame Irene Cara who effortlessly exudes sincerity in the title role (though her client and hair stylist should be shot by the horrible look she reaches the final scene). The DVD comes with the original full-length theatrical trailer with an unctuous voice from DJ Casey Kasem and a bonus CD featuring five of the movie's songs presented not by the original cast but by Aretha Franklin who recorded the soundtrack in 1976. It's not a terrible movie, just an interesting curio, if missing, that covers the same floor as "Dreamgirls".
