Are you familiar with the concept of children's art? Although not the greatest Picasso any three-year-old has ever held with his fingers, you encourage them to do more. If painting is what makes them happy, there should be no reason for a parent to hold onto a child. Usually, if a child likes to paint or draw, you will immediately see the basis of your future style. You will begin to see your true form in these primitive scribbles. Well, this concept of children's art is how I felt about Fuqua's depressing, cheap film Bait. While in all accounts it was a horrible movie, it was amazing to see Fuqua's style begin to emerge even in the most complicated moments. If you've seen Training Day or King Arthur, you'll be impressed by the birth of this director in his second Bait movie. While Foxx performs horribly and unchallenged, there are certain scenes that define Fuqua and demonstrate its brightness behind the camera. Unfortunately, it only appeared in the last thirty minutes of the movie, but if you focus only on those scenes, you'll see why Fuqua's name appears in so many "Best Of" lists of movies. <br /> <br /> I never disagree with anyone that Fuqua's eye behind the camera is refreshing and unique. His ability to put a camera in the strangest places to convey the simplest of emotions is shocking. It surprises me that most of Hollywood has not come aboard this wave. Even in the silly Bait, you are a witness to Fuqua's greatness. Two scenes coming directly to mind are the blast scene near the middle of the movie and the horse scene near the end. In both scenes, I saw director Fuqua working. Unfortunately, in the rest of the film, all I saw was a combination of almost all the action movies created. The friendly hero who suddenly finds his life, transformed by an unknown force, is a classic structure that only has to die in Hollywood. We've seen this twice, and no matter who you are (unless you're Charlie Kaufmann), you can not recreate the wheel. It is simply impossible with this genre, and is proven with bait. I was annoyed with Fuqua by just sitting down and allowing this to happen, which might explain why I took three views to finish this movie. I was just tired of the structure, and while I waited for Fuqua to redefine that, he did not. <br /> <br /> Then there was the acting. While Jamie Foxx never impressed me as an actor, I was willing to give this driven vehicle a try. I wanted to see if he could do another dramatic role similar to Collateral. I got the impression that maybe this was the movie chosen to show the producers that Foxx could handle the role in Collateral. Again, I was disappointed. Foxx was annoying. Not in the sense that it was the way his character would be, but in the sense that neither Fuqua nor Foxx had time to train Foxx on what should be adapted and what the plot should be used. Instead, we are overwhelmed with the scene about the Foxx scene, just trying to make the audience laugh. Adding second long jokes and culture statements just to keep his audience understanding that he was a first comedian, a second actor. Fuqua should have stopped that immediately. Foxx jokes destroyed his character, which in turn left me with nothing solid to grasp. Instead of character development, it would make a joke. No style worked, no joke was funny. The rest of the cast was medium. By that, I mean I saw you in similar roles. They were bringing nothing new to the table, nothing solid for the story and nothing substantial for the overall themes of the film. They were pedestrians filling dead airspace. Fuqua had no control over this mess, and the final verdict only supports this accusation. <br /> <br /> Overall, this was a sad movie. With no creativeness in sight and unmanaged actors trying to dazzle, what originally began as a decent story sank faster in the film's quicksand. Foxx was annoying, with no character lines, and a full bag of cheese. In each scene I did not see emotion, and when it was necessary to have emotion to convey a message, he preferred to take off his shirt instead of solving problems. Are my words harsh? I think not. When you watch any movie, you want to see some creativity, some edible characters and themes that seem to get close to home. Isca contained none of them. Although I give Fuqua some credit for two of the scenes in this movie, the remaining five hundred were disastrous. Apparently, I bit the bait when I rented this movie, but now, having seen it, I hope I can prevent other people from taking that curious snack. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** out of pussy (for his two scenes that were fun to watch)
