666: The child begins as a plane crashes, the only survivor of Flight 666 was a young man named Donald (Boo Boo Stewart) who is adopted by reporter Erika (Sarah Lieving) and her cameraman husband Scott Lawson (Adam Vincent) after they covered the news incident on Channel 6. At first Donald looks like a normal kid, but death seems to follow him, after warnings from a nun and vicar Scott begins to believe that Donald is evil and the cause of all deaths. Direct to DVD horror movie was directed by Jake Perez under the pseudonym of Jake Jackson and one has to say 666: The Child is actually quite poor. Whenever I see the Asylum responsible for a film, I get worried, I'm very worried because their story is horrible. They seem to specialize in making and / or distributing low-budget horror films that are usually illusions of some recent blockbuster horror film and in the case of 666: The Child, you do not need a degree in rocket science to realize that. is a complete steal profiting from the recent The Omen (2006) that was released the same year. The script of Benjamin Henry and Austin Laurel is terrible and simply does not match the ambitions of the Hollywood equivalent, I mean exactly what exactly the Antichrist expects from a middle-class family in a small town? Not a great starting point to bring about the destruction of the world, is it? Each character in 666: The Child is some form of the main character of The Omen, the adoptive parents, the priest who tries to warn them and the sinister babysitter. There is a real lack of incidents, there is almost no blood and the plot is bad. I mean, Donald killing a dentist because they were trying to fix his teeth is so random and unnecessary, what were all the disgusting pictures Donald drew, where did the nanny come from and there is nothing that unites everything and is just a disjointed mess that only becomes very annoying very quickly. The references to number 6 also become irritating and are very little subtle. <br /> <br /> Director Perez is well, I suppose, competent if nothing else. There is virtually no blood or blood, there are some spurts of blood, a hand cut off and someone gets a circular saw pinned to their face, but it sounds a lot better than it looks on the screen. Certainly not scary, there is no atmosphere thanks to a bland contemporary setting in a suburban home and there is no tension because we never really know what Donald is trying to do and therefore there is no threat of it. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is fine, it's reasonably well done, but because the film is so poor, it makes little difference. The acting is not so good, but at the same time I've seen worse things. <br /> <br /> 666: The child is a poor man Omen's blow, I'd rather see the original or redo it all on any day of the week. Not good and definitely not recommended. Followed by the sequel 666: The Beast (2007), which also went straight to the DVD.
