My dear ... Peter Sellers was one of the most strangely talented actors that has ever existed. But his choice of films, say, after 1964, was very unfortunate. He did not seem to realize how to use his talents. It would have been better to work with more Kubrick than the movie world than the people he did. Of his later films, only "The Optimists of Nine Elves" and "Being There" impressed me with those I saw. That said, the Boultings and Sellers made some movies before that. which hardly seems so bad - I have not yet seen "Carlton Browne" and "Heavens Above!" - at least in the sense of using sellers well to some extent. But, "There's a Girl in My Soup" is a bad movie and a terrible choice on the part of Sellers in terms of character. In your 1955-64 films, you can usually expect at least a very inventive twist and always a cryptic conviction in your roles. Here, you have Peter Sellers trying to play a typical romantic call. They are almost the salesmen who play a cad of Niven without the joviality. He certainly does not convince, no matter how hard he tries, or creates an interesting character. He should have left these parts to masters of softness, like Cary Grant, and concentrated on those intriguing dramatic and comic roles of which he was famous. <br /> <br /> Hawn and Sellers really do not establish any genuine chemistry; this is not easy and cool novel as perfected by William Powell and Myrna Loy. It's a very artificial appearance to the end - I know it's part of Danvers character that he's a dry ladies buyer, but he does not really change that in a convincing way. Sellers have a very annoying way of playing "charm" too ... this character really does not have depth, and does not really gain the sympathy or interest of the viewer. Sellers goes through the moves in a way that no one would think possible when he remembers the magnificence of his iconoclastic performance in "Lolita." <br /> <br /> There is nothing to say about the plot, direction or characters, as frankly they leave little or no impression. This is actually one of the most anemic, complacent, misguided, and slightly annoying movies I have ever seen. A nonentity of a "vehicle" for the undisputed Sellers talents. Rating: - * 1/2 / *****
