THE WATERDANCE (1991) The main character of The Waterdance, played by Eric Stoltz, is in a rehabilitation center with some other wounded in the same way. And there he must face a new and hard life, confined to a wheelchair. It is an interesting and promising premise, but unfortunately it is not implemented. What follows, in large part, is the Hollywood schmaltz, with some interesting moments. Certainly, the cast (Eric Stoltz, William Forsythe, Wesley Snipes, and others) is brilliant and performs well as you would expect, but his talents are wasted. The characters are mostly stereotypes of one kind or another, and most of them are completely unpleasant (the Snipes character is the exception). I suppose this is some kind of attempt to break people's ideas about disabled people being "crippled" or "weak," portraying them, mostly, as idiots in their face, but this makes a totally irritating experience. . It will certainly show you something of what people with permanent disabilities do, in a way that is not softened or romanticized, which is useful and a good idea, but while the process being portrayed can make a person difficult to dealing with and worth dealing with, is not part of the fact that these characters should be, to some degree, despicable. They also did not need to be Disneyfied; Certainly there is a middle ground somewhere. By the time the movie ended, Eric Stoltz's character came to accept his status as disabled, but as he is a flaming narcissistic monster from the beginning of the movie to the end, we do not care about that. <br /> <br /> In addition to his character problems, the film suffers from this strange syndrome that so many Hollywood movies suffer; the syndrome does not really have an official name, but you can call it "Inexplicable Forgiveness Syndrome". It goes something like this: characters abuse one another and then, without apologizing, everything is forgiven (a particularly unpleasant example of this is in the movie The Breakfast Club, in which a character spends most of the time). film verbally intimidate everyone within reach of the voice as a result they love him In one of the most recent examples, Spiderman 3, the supervillain The Sandman throws out a piece of Manhattan, then groans in Spider-Man for what seems to be about 15 monotonous minutes before being dismissed with what amounts to "bye now"). The most notorious example of the IFS in The Waterdance is a sequence in which, after being called n-word by the racist character of William Forsythe and his friends in the previous scene, the character of Wesley Snipes appears with the same Forsythe character in the next scene, as if nothing had happened in a moment. Again, without so much as an "Oh yes, sorry for this business back there where I, you know, called you the n word." It makes me wonder, do these people really watch these movies before they cast them, or do they just film them with their eyes closed, sort of putting them together in the editing room according to the scene number, and call it a day?
