Stifler, finished running his mile and is now participating in Beta House. Crazy things happen, people run naked and nerds are ridiculed and this series is dead in the water. The Naked Mile was a bad movie, but I found it to be significantly better than Band Camp. It looks like they went back to what did not work for them and this shows that they also do not care. You can tell where the target audience is and they nailed it perfectly. Teenage boys who like to see naked women, raw humor and beer drinking will love the Beta House, everyone can look away. <br /> <br /> Star Wars became a big hit that surprised the audience time of special effects. The Lord of the Rings created a whole world of mythical creatures and massive battles that dazzled the eyes. The Matrix has changed the way action movies and science fiction films have been made, specifically with cutting-edge special effects. With all the advancement in technology, we look forward to the next big thing that will have our jaws lying on the floor. Then comes American Pie: Beta House, which pushes the limits of what technology can do. When people create spaceships, landscapes and creatures using CGI, Beta House decides to use this technology to create semen. Yes, the thing that creates life, the thing you see so often in porn movies is created and the time slows down to show us the white residue on the other side of the room in a teddy bear. This is funny? Disgusting? Nor? Beta House shows more nudity than The Naked Mile, which is surprising considering the title of the previous installments. Does the film need this? Of course not, does it advance the plot, ever? Can you ever laugh? Are boys ever horny? Yes, women are beautiful, but if I am the person who thinks there is too much nudity, then you may well have made a porn movie. <br /> <br /> The woman who captures the feelings of our main character is beautiful and does not bother the viewer, as previous girls did in the series, but never once did I believe that this character would do what she does. I'm sure every action of the characters in this movie is far from realistic. The American Pie series has fallen from a realm of reality to a fantasy world. None of the events in this movie would happen, if they ever happened, I need to go to this school IMMEDIATELY. Does this movie supposedly make people feel like they're having fun? Well, that does not happen, we're watching them having fun, at the end of the movie we hate them for all the fun they're having. <br /> <br /> There is a scene from "Deer Hunter" in the movie. film, but to make it "funny" to the public today, they decided to replace the bullets with the horse semen. Are you laughing yet? Instead of throwing themselves with the said semen in the head, or face, they put the gun in the mouth. Are you on the ground laughing yet? The first time we're introduced to Stifler's roommate, he's having sex with his girlfriend. Are you rooting for nudity yet? The movie at first seems to be about the boys trying to get into the house of the fraternity, but then it changes to them already being in the house of the fraternity, but having to perform certain tasks. Then switch to a competition between nerds and boys. It goes a little "Revenge of the Nerds" on us a little and it seems out of place. I honestly do not know what this movie is about because it happens everywhere. <br /> <br /> Most comedy seems to be forced by shock value. Even at the beginning with his father showing his son the list of people with whom he had sex. The joke is somewhere, I think it may be the fact that his wife is not the last name on the list, or it may have been that one of your son's friend's moms was on the list. Anyone, does not work. <br /> <br /> I think if you still have not guessed, this movie is not funny. Neither seems to be focused, the story is pathetic and the so-called crude humor that the series is known does not shock. Ignore this lame installment and any future as well. I do not know why I saw all the entries in the series, but for some unknown reason they seem to have found the way to my eyes.
