... that Jamie Foxx would deliver such a wonderful, Oscar-winning performance. One of the reasons I was so impressed with Foxx's performance in "Ray" was because, watching his role, playing in films like "Bait" and "Booty Call", I would never have imagined he would ever be the Oscar . If people had told me five years ago that Jamie Foxx would one day win an Oscar, I would laugh on their faces. Who knows? Maybe it's better to stick to the drama, because if you watch "Bait," it's clear that comedy is not your forte. I swear, Jamie likes it so much in this movie that I'm surprised his face has not fallen. And why does he have to make those stupid voices every chance he gets? Anyone familiar with comedians like Bob Newhart and Steven Wright knows that making comedies does not require being loud and unpleasant. If a joke is funny, it's funny. If it's not funny then making some crazy accent will not make it any funnier. The problem I have with some comedians who decide to try acting is that they prefer to have laughter at being in the character. In real life, normal people do not always have witty replicas and jokes. As Albert Brooks said in an interview discussing his character in "Taxi Driver," it's important to be funny as your character, rather than being funny as a comedian. A good example of Jamie breaking this rule is the nauseatingly terrible scene in which his photos are being taken, and he begins to pose for the photos as a model. If an ordinary person were being thrown in jail, was he really being silly while taking his pictures? And the police would not try to berate him if he were? There are many scenes like that throughout the movie. Another horrible sequence is the one in which Jamie is involuntarily on the phone with the villain, and he begins to make a false Caribbean accent. It's not funny! Not to mention that Jamie never seems to recognize the timing of a joke. Performing a comedic performance requires patience as long as it goes straight to the timeline, whether it's on time or not. I'm not even a big fan of Mike Epps, but even his performance is good compared to Jamie's. In fact, this is the first time I feel a little relieved when it appears on the screen. Epps has the same flaws when it comes to comedy, but at least he chooses a more discreet approach. One of the few bright spots in this comedy is David Morse, a highly underrated actor, known primarily for his supporting roles as villains. He seems to be the only actor in the movie worried about landing him in reality. However, "Green Mile" star Doug Hutchison is disgustingly exaggerated as the villain. A big surprise, considering that he gave a superb performance in "The Green Mile", also playing heavy. Antoine Fuqua has proven his directing skills in films such as "The Replacement Killers" and "Training Day". Even in "Bait," he shows that he can direct a hell of an action sequence. His only problem seemed to be disciplining Jamie Foxx, who probably improvised half the script with one bad joke after another. Unless you are an unconditional Foxx fan, please do not bite the bait.
