I can not believe we watched this whole piece of junk but we did and I feel compelled to warn others to avoid it at all costs. When one of the main characters announces that he is gay twice in the first five minutes, do not ignore him as a typical PC nonsense and imagine that he has to improve because he does not. If his faggoty boyfriend hanging on top of him does not make him sick, then be thankful the freak who wrote and / or directed this grossout is somehow trying a bit of restraint. I mean, stay real. It's one thing for a gay character to appear in a movie at times as complicated as that, but it's quite another to have it continually stamped on the screen and examined closely and in person when the notes on the booklet clearly indicate that the film should be about a mother in search of some sort of "closure" on the sudden death of her daughter. What has one thing to do with the other, may be tempted to ask? Apparently, the two issues are inextricably intertwined. And if that was not enough, there's the bearded lady in the ice cream shop. I mean, seriously, did not this poor woman ever hear of electrolysis? Why should she go out like that? At the very least, how about scraping the ugly thing and while you're at it, remove those awful blemishes as well. Would you drink some ice cream that she just served you? I think not. Must be a New Jersey thing. <br /> <br /> You'd think Diane Keaton could save this piece of drek, but think again. Was she really trying to put lipstick on a corpse? I do not even want to think about it. So what if the body was that of his own dead daughter? This grotesque excuse for cinema is taken from the word go and that's all there is to it. It is desired that each of these characters simply go out to the waves and move on. None of these weird people even got our sympathy for a moment. Trust me - pass this piece of crap. It is not about death, a mother who has inadvertently smothered her daughter, or even the other more unpleasant problems she continues to bring, no matter how little you want to hear. It's a perverse trash load of a misguided, untrained director.
