The plot of this terrible movie is so complicated that I put the spoiler warning up because I'm not sure if I'm giving anything away. The audience first sees a man in Jack the Ripper, killing an old man in an alley a hundred years ago. So we're up to the modern day and a young Australian couple is looking for a house. We have received an incredibly long tour of this house and her husband sees a figure in an antique mirror. A 105-year-old woman lived there. There are also large iron panels covering a wall in the pit. An old razor falls when they are reforming and the husband maintains it. I think he gets possessed by the razor because he starts to have strange dreams. Ah yes, the couple can not have a baby because the husband is shooting blank. <br /> <br /> Some mold seems to be climbing the wall after the couple removes the iron panels and the mold takes the form of a person. At the end of the story there is a plot about a large money deposit and the husband kills the bodyguard and a co-worker and steals the money. His wife is suddenly pregnant. <br /> <br /> What the hell is going on? Who knows?? NOTHING is explained. The 105-year-old woman was the serial killer's daughter? The little sister? Why were iron panels placed on the wall? How would this keep the serial killer contained in the basement? Was he locked up there by his family and starved or just hiding? Who is Mr. Hobbs and why is he so desperate to get the iron panels? He never saw it again. Why did the serial killer kill people? We only see the old man murdered. Was there a pattern or motif or something? Why does the wife suddenly become pregnant? Is it the serial killer demon? Did he manage to infiltrate her husband's semen? And why, if the husband was able to subdue and kill an immense and burly security guard, is he unable to dominate his wife? And how powerful is the voltage system in Australia that would knock you around the room just by cutting a strand of light? And why does the wife stay at home? Is she now possessed by the serial killer? Will the baby be the killer reincarnated? <br /> <br /> This movie was such a frustrating experience that I wanted to call my PBS station and ask for my money back! The ONLY nice part of this story was to see her husband run out of shorts for most of the time, but even that could not rescue this confusing and incoherent mess.
