The case of the German nut Jörg Buttgereit apparently has fans - but I do not know why, and I'm definitely not one of them! The only Buttgereit movie I saw earlier was Nekromantik and I hated every minute of it, but - shockingly - this movie is worse! Der Todesking is useless in the same way as Nekromantik, but it's a worse movie because it's boring in a way few movies have ever done (it's not far from The Blair Witch Project, seriously). Some people say that this movie is "sick" and "shocking", but it really is not. The director may have made a point of death, but only he knows what it is. How could anyone watch this movie and be anything other than bored with it is completely beyond me. The film revolves around the suicide theme and follows the death of seven different people over the course of a week. Yes, that means we have a nonsensical and tedious episode for Monday, a nonsensical and boring episode for Tuesday, a meaningless and boring episode for Wednesday, and so on. This movie can be even more boring than in my week! Der Todesking is apparently an 'art' film, although this seems to be a reference to the way it does not make much sense, rather than a reference to the film with any resemblance to 'art'. Each segment of the film is meant to tell a separate story - but that does not happen! We just made a little sketch about suicide, and that only makes you wonder what the goal is. The movie looks like it should be deep, but there is a big void where the intelligence should be and nothing to fill it. Buttgereit uses some evocative images; but it's unlikely I remember any of them for more than a week, because this movie is not so memorable. There is a shot involving the body of a decomposing man that pops up quite often but gets old too fast and all that's left is the rest of the movie, which is unfortunate. If I had to fight for good things to say about this crap, all I can think of is this; the title looks cool. As I mentioned, Nekromantik is the only other film I have seen of this amateur director; I have copies of Schramm and Nekromantik 2, and now I'm really not in a hurry to watch it either. Der Todesking is a bland movie and no one who calls it 'art' is much mistaken. Miss yourself
