To avoid confusion, let me clarify a few points: I am not a red neck. I am neither a moderate nor a conservative. On the contrary, I am radical: a libertarian. I'm not WASP either, nor was I born in the USA. Jorge Luis Borges used to say that there are some people who do not feel poetry, and that these sad people usually earn their living by teaching poetry. This film was made by and for people who do not feel poetry, by and for exhibitions; and I dare say, to and for people who have no sense of decency or, indeed, respect for the life or death of other people (especially when it is thought that the victims are mostly "bloody imperialists" dead on Yankee soil). find the original idea of ​​marketing the eleven episodes of eleven minutes, nine seconds and a picture as particularly hideous and repulsive. Simply awful. Why did not they allocate a budget of as many dollars per episode as the individuals were brutally murdered in the attack? The whole idea rests somewhere between mere stupidity and reckless fascism. Anyone serious about the cinema (and serious about life and death) should have refused to participate in this memory of insinuations and not sequences. With two exceptions: the episode of Burkina Faso - almost entertaining - and India - which documents the story of a man who was unjustly and unduly investigated for the attack, on the grounds that he did not do so. Do not go back home and he was an American Muslim (and, truth be told, when the facts were known, he was honored as a hero). All nine other episodes, essentially extremely boring and unemotional, can be listed in two different categories: First: I do not care about the thousands of victims: Americans, foreigners, children, youth, adults, veterans ... 'and can be resumed in sheer boredom and lack of emotion. Makhmalbaf (Iran); Lelouch (France) ?? I am afraid that I will commit a heresy, since it is Lelouch's, but perhaps his episode can be considered based on an idea that could be considered almost original; Tanovic (Bosnia and Herzegovina); González Inarritu (Mexico); Gitaï's (Israel); Penn's (US) <br /> <br /> Second: 'The damned Yankees deserve it'. And it can be resumed in frustration and hatred. Chahine (Egypt) claims the suicide bombers; Loach (UK) believes that the reckless attacks of September 11 were some kind of punishment for the alleged US support of the Chilean dictatorship led by the serial killer Augusto Pinochet, in fact someone should inform Mr. Loach that the victims of Pinochet were not related to Al Qaeda and that Chile is a South American country of a unique existence that Bin Laden should have ignored, he should also be informed that the US government's sanctions against the Chilean dictatorship were tougher than those of any another country; and, Imamura (Japan) shows that World War II is related to the WTC attack. Imamura has been at least coherent in this: the supposedly causative effect of the link is totally meaningless, which fits well with his episode including a man who he believes to be a snake. He pretends to be obscure. Instead, it's pretty ridiculous. <br /> <br /> There is some kind of mistake shared by many, including some Americans, and it is the belief that this movie was not commercially shown in the United States because of some kind. of censorship. Nothing further from the truth: this movie was not screened in the United States because it is a complete fiasco. A freak of the craziest kind. Even in Buenos Aires, where Peronism and other forms of fascism are the closest and dearest in the hearts of a considerable number of inhabitants, and anti-Americanism is in vogue, the film was shown in halls casually converted into theaters and was applauded by a very select audience: the sad few who routinely lend their applause to other equally "picturesque" shows. Like the sight of a McDonald's fast-food restaurant or, incidentally, an old Jew being burned to ashes.
