When I go out to the video store to rent a movie I usually rely on IMDb's reviews on a movie, and to this, I've never seen a movie rated at 7.0 or above on the site that I did not like. Sidney Lumet, the legendary director of some of the best films of the 20th century, was wrong to make one of the biggest mistakes a filmmaker can make: to fill the cast of a film with totally unpleasant characters with no real quality of rescue. <BR> <BR> <BR> I like movies with flawed characters, but no matter how dark someone's personality is, we all have a little light there too, we're all grays with some darker or brighter ones than others. Mr. Lumet crossed this line, filling this film with totally unsympathetic and almost masochistic characters. Ethan Hawke's Hank is a 30-year-old whiner, immature and irresponsible, divorced from a marriage with him. a wife who hates him and a daughter who thinks he is a loser, which he is very. His indecision and willingness to let others do the dirty work for him, because he is too cowardly to do so, leads directly to his bank robbery plan and his mother's death. By the time he confronts his older brother at the end of the film, it is more pathetic than uplifting. Ethan Hawke plays his character well, but he does not have much to work on, since he is portrayed as someone with a perpetually stamped boot on his face and he does not care "particularly about being there. > Speaking of which the wife of your character is as bad as Almost all the filming of the film in which she is is verbally reprimanding him for rent money and alimony and still increasing his already non-existent self-esteem with insults.Really, Albert Finney plays his father Charles, and while Finney has been a great actor for many decades, he spends about 90% of that film with the same mouth.Hash a face in the face as if he were suffering from the worst cold in the world.For someone who has been an actor since Mr. Finney, you think he would be more apt to emoticon. show a lot your character is supposedly afflicted and full of anger. And when he suffocates Andy at the conclusion of the movie is similar to Dr. Frankenstein putting the monster he helped to create from his own misery. <br /> Marisa Tomei does not have much to do with her character. Trapped in an unhappy marriage with Andy and having an affair with his brother for some incomprehensible reason. When Andy's world starts spiraling out of control, it logically skips the ship, but it really does not make her less selfish or self-serving than any other character in the movie, but probably the one with the most common sense at least. And finally we come to Andy, played by the always good Philip Seymour Hoffman, is the only reason I rated this movie as a 3 instead of a 1. His performance of the heroin addict, diverted from the financial executive who is "perfect crime" stealing your parents' insured jewelry goes wrong is fascinating. His descent from the quiet master planner of a flawed scheme to the unstable demented homicidal maniac is believable and tragic. The character of Hoffman ends up being the main villain of the film, but it is difficult to twist against him, since the alternatives are an emotionally castrated little brother and a father who proclaims the precariousness of the parents led to the eventual psychosis of his son and the indirect murder and indirect relationship of his mother. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, this movie is only worth watching the great performance of PSH and the nature of the wreck of the family train. Just do not expect there to be any character worth twisting because they really do not exist.
