Singleton has some serious problems that he has to face. I have the feeling that he thinks he is very clever; However, this movie is almost comically transparent and self righteous. In addition, there are a lot of "power-to-do" messages, such as when our local Nazi idiots are assaulted. I mean, who in their right mind will cheer for a bunch of Nazi idiots? However, he singleton portrays the "fight" is completely silly and seems to be designed to show us more of the superior fighting qualities of the black protagonists than anything else. There is another "bad guy" (actually a drunken brotherhood boy) who rapes one of the film's protagonists. In this case, I think Singleton does a good job portraying what is probably a very common situation when the woman involved asks the boy in the fraternity to use a condom and he does not have one or does not want to use one. Anyway, he does not agree with her demands so that he stops and he goes on to have sex despite his requests. I think this type of rape is very common and in fact many uniformed people refuse to accept the fact that it is even a rape. Well, it does not mean no, this is a rape, which probably happens a lot at universities all over the country. Having established rape, how does Singleton deal with it? When the fraternity boy tries to call the woman, his roommate refuses to put the victim on the phone, and at that moment the frat boy calls his roommate a "black bitch." The impaired roommate seems to appeal to an attorney for Ice Cube, et al, who then proceeds to physically humiliate and abuse the frat boy in repeated and prolonged "apologies" to roommates for his racist remarks; however, the (apparently in Singleton's mind) minor crime of rape is not mentioned. Again, no one should feel sorry for the boy of brotherhood; however, Singleton seems to be sending a double message that a racist remark is a greater offense than rape and in any case violence is justified against imbeciles. <br /> <br /> What is so disappointing is that this movie could have really been about something important, but Singleton, while undoubtedly a talented director, does not seem to have the maturity or depth to pull something of this magnitude.
