The Blob begins with one of the most bizarre themed tunes of all time, sung by an uncredited Burt Bacharach of all people! You really have to listen to believe, The Blob might be worth watching for just this song alone and my user review summary is just a taste of class lyrics ... After this annoying opening sequence The Blob presents us , the viewer who is to Steve Andrews (Steve McQueen as Steven McQueen) and his girlfriend Jane Martin (Aneta Corsaut) who are parked on their own somewhere and witness what looks like a meteorite falling on Earth in nearby woods. An old man (Olin Howland as Olin Howlin) who lives in a hut also sees him and investigates, he finds a crater and a strange stone the size of a football that opens when he recklessly shoves it into the stick. Lying in the center of the meteorite is a strange gelatinous substance that sticks to the stick, if you know what I mean! Then he slides the staff and attaches himself to the old man's hand. Meanwhile, Steve and Jane are driving silently, minding their own business, when the old man runs off in front of Steve's car, Steve is a decent guy and decides to take the old man to Dr. T. Hallan (Alden Stephen Chase as Steven). Chase) at local surgery. Dr. Hallan says he does not know what the substance is in the old man's hand, but it's getting bigger and asks Steve to go back where he found him and see if he can find out what happened. Steve agrees, but does nothing and, upon returning to Dr. Hallan's surgery, he witnesses the bubble devouring him. The city police, Lieutenant Dave (Earl Rowe) and teenager who hates Sgt. Jim Bert (John Benson) is no wonder, and end up suspecting Steve and his teammates Al (Anthony Franke), Tony (Robert Fields) and someone named 'Mooch' Miller (James Bonnet) to make an elaborate joke in the police department. However, as the bubble continues to eat, Steve tries to find evidence of its existence and convince the police about the threat it poses not only to its city, but to the entire world! Directed Irvin S Yeaworth Jr. and a non-accredited Russell S. Doughton Jr. I was completely disappointed by this, the original 1958 version of The Blob. Kay Linaker's script as Kate Phillips & Theodore Simonson is absolutely annoying and extremely tedious, not making the most of its strongest aspects. Blob focuses on the dramas and tiresome conflicts between teenagers and the police, in fact most of The Blob is spent on Steve trying to convince the police of the existence of the blob. For most of the film, the blob itself seems almost inconsequential and somewhat overlooked. It only takes two or three scenes for the first hour and a little until the climax less exciting when the adults and teenagers have to work together to defeat the bubble and have a new appreciation appreciated each other afterwards, yuck! Why could not the bubble just eat all of them? No explanation is given for what is the blob or its origins, other than what came from space, how long did it take to get there? The dialogue is awkward and silly too, as well as people's actions and decision-making, I love the part where a nurse named Kate (Lee Paton as Lee Payton, someone used his real name on this thing?) Is confronted by the bubble , she throws some acid on him and calmly proclaims "Doctor, nothing will stop him!", how does she know that "nothing" will stop him exactly? There is no blood or violence, so do not worry about it, the special effects on the blob itself are not too bad, but it takes little screen time and moves very slowly, a bit like the movie in general, actually. The acting is terrible, McQueen should be a teenager when in reality he was 28 years old and this shows that he seems old enough to be his own father! The same goes for most of the other members of the 'teenage' cast and everyone in general is wooden and unconvincing in their roles. Technically The Blob is very basic, dark static photography, dull direction and forgettable production values. The Blob is one of those movies that probably sounds good on paper and is well known as being a 'classic', but it's actually a big disappointment when it's finally seen. This is a case when the remake The Blob (1988) is definitely better than the original. The original Blob is slow and annoying and the remake is not, the original Blob does not contain blood or blood and the remake does it, the original Blob has incredibly poor acting and cast decisions, and the remake does not. little screen time eating only three or four people throughout the movie and the remake presents the blob all the time and it pretty much eats an entire city. The choice is easy, the remake is always a better movie in every respect. I'll give the movie two stars and give it a wonderful master song on its own. It's definitely not the classic that many seem to understand.
