It is nothing more than a strange coincidence that I decided to attend STARLIFT on the 59th anniversary of the day in June 1950, when President Truman ordered US forces to enter the Korean War. STARLIFT, you see, is largely set up at the Travis Air Force Base in California in the years it was being used as a test stand for soldiers being sent to fight in Korea. But you'd have to do your own research to find out why not once during the film the name 'Korea' was mentioned. We see transport aircraft flying in new troops and returning with wounded soldiers, but there is no mention of where those men will be fighting or hurting themselves. Which is kind of strange for a movie designed to shake the flag and salute America's men in uniform. STARLIFT is a very obvious effort to replicate the success of the Hollywood booster "Corner of Hollywood," starring World War Two, released in December 1951 by Warner Brothers. This pleasing crowd in 1944 told the story of two soldiers who spent their last three nights of leave at the famed Armed Forces nightclub in Los Angeles hoping to get a meeting with Joan Leslie. But, in fact, it was only an excuse for Warners to distribute all the stars under contract, from Joan Crawford, John Garfield and Barbara Stanwyck to Peter Lorre, Bette Davis, Sydney Greenstreet and more. STARLIFT features two Air Force soldiers hoping to find fictional star Nell Wayne (a masked Janice Rule) and persuade a handful of Warner Bros stars to make a show for the departing troops. But in place of Crawford, Garfield et al., The best that the Warner Brothers achieved in 1951 were Doris Day, Ruth Roman, Gordon MacRae, Virginia Mayo, Gene Nelson and Phil Harris, with fleeting appearances of James Cagney, Randolph Scott, and embarrassed looking at Gary Cooper. This shabby cast, whose combined star power would have difficulty illuminating a standard lamp, is perfectly matched with dirty production values. Presumably, in an effort to save money, several long scenes were filmed using a very bad back projection. How bad is it? You can see the junction where the screen meets the studio floor! Describing STARLIFT as a sloppy, lazy, third-rate movie is doing disservice to movies that are sloppy, lazy, and third-rate. It's just terrible. Avoid this.
