Whoa boy. <br /> <br /> Ever wanted to watch a documentary about a megalomaniacal idiot ruining his own life and alienating everyone around him? Well, they exist in many ways. But have you ever wanted to watch a documentary about someone who, after all, could not do anything, despite everyone praising how much "artistic genius" he is? Well, you could probably just get a camera and find someone like that in any local scene (I know they're everywhere and I do not even follow the local scene), or you could save yourself the trouble of spending money watching this buffet. <br /> <br /> The premise is good, and frankly it's not as if the filmmakers knew exactly where they were going, considering it one of the difficulties of making a documentary. We are made to follow two bands, The Brian Jamestown Massacre, led by Anton, and The Dandy Warhols, led by Courtney. I've heard of The Dandy Warhols before watching this movie ... not the Brian Jamestown Massacre. Because? Well, from the perspective of this documentary, because the intergroup dysfunction of the Brian Jamestown Massacre has refused them the ability to really get into the music industry. However, instead of becoming an analysis of the two separate bands and how one managed to succeed, the focus becomes much more on Anton and his insanity. <br /> <br /> Because, you see, Anton is a "genius." "Because he plays rock, he really" understands the evolution of music "... because he plays rock with a lot of different instruments, his music is considered" postmodern retro, but the future "... because it's rock. to bring a "revolution" ... through rock ... Okay, so let's face it ... 20 minutes and this is one of the stupidest children I'd like to watch a documentary. if you do not lend yourself to showing Anton's talent, because in the nature of the 2000-hour issue of material in a two-hour room, we really do not have the time to focus on it.Then instead we observe Anton, "the genius ", the socio-maniacal loser, being a jerk by two hours and is told to understand that he made a really good song.If he did or not I do not know because it's not like the documentary had enough time to prove it. that I know is that, then, we get a story about an obnoxious fool egocentric rushing across the country, calling himself God's music and doing nothing to support him. Why bother even watching this? People like Anton do not deserve the attention they seek, the hope and admiration of all different people and especially a post-failure hymn of lost potential. This movie plays like a two-hour VH1 special for a reason: it goes on and on about music, but it's all about the image and the attention. Look at the guy, see how he dresses, look at how he acts, look at how he tries to create controversy because he can not afford marketing. <br /> <br /> Honestly, the only interesting character in this movie is Joel, and this is because of anyone in this documentary, Joel is the only person who seems to have fun. Maybe it's because he's the tambourine. The rest of them are all "rock stars"! They deserve our attention and admiration and interest and commitments! They are out there to "save rock and roll". Do you remember when The White Stripes should "save rock and roll"? Yes, this was because of Anton, and it is "selfish of them not to mention me (Anton) as an inspiration". What a load. People like Anton are best left forgotten. This documentary explains why mainstream music is so monotonous - because music executives have to deal with people like Anton to earn a living, and ultimately can only really give their support to someone safe and without passion. Many thanks Anton. Your antics have ruined the music for everyone you touched, whatever the opposite view. And if people "in the know" about Anton disagree and he really was a genius, he still shows how bad this documentary is that he reduces it that way. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
