I entered this movie with high hopes. Normally, I'm not very picky about my movies and creature films are always fun to watch, or so I thought. I'll list the good parts of this movie: -The effects of the creature. All creatures were well made, their movements were realistic and fit well into the other images. To be honest, the effects of the creature were the only reason why I gave this movie a 2 instead of a 1. Now, the bad things: -Action. Good God, I've seen bad performances, but this movie takes the cake. Not a single character is even * close * to being believable. It's as if the director sends a casting and picks out all his worst try-outs. I tried very hard not to laugh too loud, because I did not want to disturb anyone else in the theater, but the acting really was VERY EVIL. -The plot: The whole story is full of holes from start to finish. You can choose at least 5 holes out of every 30 minutes of film. The holes in the plot, of course, are free with the cheese. This is probably one of the most clichéd, unthinking, and utterly stupid stories I've ever seen on the screen since I've had the misfortune of sitting down one night and watching Parasite on the SciFi channel. -The Dialogue: This is a world where everyone says the most tacky and clichéd thing they can, whenever possible. In this world, it seems that each line has been spoken before in at least 30 other low budget movies. It's the world of cheese and cliché. -The special effects. While the effects of the creatures were downright stunning, the special effects failed miserably. Yes, they are better than those seen in other movies, but a lot of that is in the presentation. And this movie has no performance at all. It seems a bit like the special effects used in the TV show Power Rangers, to be honest. In short: Dragon Wars is worth neither your time nor your money. The concept is good, but it's stuck in the film's bad direction, acting, dialogue and tackiness. Wait until the next big monster movie comes out. It has to be better than that, because Dragon Wars is absolutely horrible.
