THE KING MAKER will undoubtedly be a hit in Thailand, where the similar (but superior) 'The Legend of Suriyothai' set box office records. The film directed by Lek Kitaparaporn, after a script by Sean Casey, based on historical facts in 1547 Siam, has some incredibly beautiful visual elements, but is disarmed by one of the most courageous pedestrian scripts and the development of history in the cinema. <br /> <br /> The event that the photo reports is the arrival of the soldier of fortune Fernando de Gamma (Gary Stretch) whose revenge for the murderer of the father leads him to be shipwrecked, captured and thrown into slavery and put the block in Ayutthaya in the kingdom of Siam where he is bought by the beautiful Mary (Cindy Burbridge) with the consent of his father Phillipe (John Rhys-Davies), a man with a name and a past that are revealed as the story progresses. There is a conspiracy to overthrow the king and Fernando and his new Siamese helper Tong (Dom Hetrakul), after some gratuitous silly CGI choreographed martial arts, are first rewarded by the king to become their bodyguard, only to be arrested together, once Queen Sudachan (Yoe Hassadeevichit) reveals his plot to kill the king and son to allow his lover Lord Chakkraphat (Oliver Pupart) to take control of Zion. However, it is clear that Fernando and Tong escape and are doomed to fight among themselves to save the lives of their families (the wife and children of Tong and the case of firm love of Fernando with Maria) with the expected consequences. <br /> <br /> (with the exception of John Rhys-Davies) is so weak that the film occasionally seems like it should be a camp. The predominantly Thai cast struggles with poorly written dialogue, making us wish they used their native Thai language with subtitles. The soundtrack of Ian Livingstone seems exhumed from old TV soap operas. But if it's a visual splendor you're after, there's a lot of that and that alone makes the movie worth watching. It's a film that has obvious financial support for all the special effects and cast masses and ensembles and shows their good intentions. It's just the basics that's missing. Grady Harp
