As with most reviewers, I saw this on Starz! On demand. After watching the preview with my girlfriend, she decided not to watch from how bad the preview watched. I, on the other hand, thought it seemed strange enough to warrant an observation. I mean, Dr. Meso's project alone justified at least a brief sweep of that title. After watching it, I can say that although there are some interesting aspects to it (ie browsing the notebooks and trying to figure out the incomprehensible story), it is best to go over it. After making her first video for her unfinished CD, the lead singer, Cassidy, kills herself in an attempt to get her boyfriend Neil to notice her. 3 months later, the band is trying to decide if they will finish the album or not. To try to see what Cassidy wanted, they'll see an old psychic friend of hers, Dr. Meso, and try to contact her through it. In his card reading, Dr. Meso displays four Death cards for the remaining four members of the band. Bad times are ahead. (I just wanted to make it clear that at the end of the movie, they explain that the Death card really only represents a change.) Kudos to them at least.) Even without the approval of the deceased friend, they decide to go ahead and finish the album. But while in the bathroom, Cassidy's best friend Dora has a glimpse of her late friend. When another bandmate walks in to see how she is, Dora is standing in the dark, asking for her sunglasses. That's where the murder begins. <br /> <br /> My main problem with the movie from the outset is that it seems to be very stylized. Many distortion effects, unnecessary zooms, and a multitude of other inexpensive effects create this movie. An incoherent plot does not help either. While the narrative is united to the first part, once Cassidy is resurrected, everything collapses. We have cuts between Cassidy and Dr. Meso (who mysteriously managed to get into a locked building), which show that they are connected in some way. However, within a few minutes of this revelation, we discover that Cassidy is indeed an independent being of Meso. She then turns on the guy who was helping her revenge and he flees in a way that catches the attention of Jack Nicholson as the Joker. But not in a good way. From this point on, Cassidy's whereabouts are shown, but there are strange lapses as the character moves from one place to another almost out of sequence. A scene that we see Cassidy standing at a table, when one character enters the next, she is nowhere. As he moves behind the table, we see her at the end of a corridor. Then, in another room, take the keys (which Neil already has), then back. Not to mention that, from one moment to the next, Cassidy's mood seems to be complete, without a catalyst for it. At one point, she wants to kill everyone (although she has only wounded 90% of the characters) - in the other she is apologizing to everyone and walks out the door to die again. Sound confusing? That's because it is. It's a confusing mess that I'm sure the writer could not even figure out. <br /> <br /> As for performances, most are particularly wood. Some are interesting, but overall it is not a piece known for its acting. History is the driving force behind this play.
