I hope the viewer who regards "Dream Machine" as one of Corey Haim's best and "best movies of the century" is joking. Undetected sarcasm on my part? I sincerely hope so. "The Dream Machine" marks the first of a long line of mediocre reaches that would haunt the rest of Corey Haim's career (except for 'Prayer of the Rollerboys' which was surprisingly decent). Here, Haim plays the disinterested schoolboy, Bernie, who assumes a cool car will catch the attention of his dream girl. Lucky for Bernie, a wealthy woman who plans to return to her cheating husband, hastily decides to reward her piano tuner - Bernie - with a gift: a sleek Porsche Turbo. However, unbeknownst to the woman, and unfortunate to Bernie, is that her dead husband was murdered and his body was hidden in the trunk. Now, being that in this movie, the bodies do not seem to decay or have a bad mood, Bernie is not aware of it. In fact, the unconscious kid has no idea that something suspicious is happening, despite several strange circumstances that arise. In particular, a gray-haired man follows him, desperate to get hold of that relatively undetectable body. <br /> <br /> This is a low quality effect as many of Haim's films as this are (see The Double O Kid). Despite being a part of action, part romantic comedy, this film does not offer the viewer much of anything of interest for at least the first forty-five minutes in which the filmmakers take more than enough time to show the immediate problem. of a car and a corpse, and a gunslinger discovering that the Porsche will be hard to find). After that, and thanks to the poor performance of Haim (I loved this child too, but it is not exactly sacrilegious to admit the moments when he obviously could not do well) and the lack of immediacy and emergency between Bernie and the villain who makes with that many of the events are unconvincing and, as a result, are insignificant. To add insult to injury, the soundtrack was incredibly laughable and sounded more like self-evident songs that you would hear in Team America (see the montage 'date'). <br /> <br /> Loyal Corey Haim fans, however, should not be disappointed to see the boy in abundance. However, others who understand that Haim's career probably peaked when he was 14 or 15 and has never recovered, can expect mediocrity, as do viewers who only want to pass the time in the early 1990s.
