Michael Caine has always stated that Ashanti was "the only film he made purely for the money" as well as "the worst film he has ever starred in." Wait, Michael, were not you at The Swarm and Hurry Sundown? And the two films were not much worse than Ashanti? Perhaps Caine remembers much against the physically punitive demands of filming an action movie in low temperatures (the director, Richard Fleischer, was hospitalized as a result of a sunbeam during filming). What Ashanti really does emerge is not the low point of Michael Caine's career. Instead, it's a very common chase thriller with a talented cast, exotic locations, boring snippets and a highly stereotyped plot. <br /> <br /> Dr. David Linderby (Caine) is a W.H.O doctor who is devastated when his black wife Anansa (Beverly Johnson) disappears during a relief trip to an African tribal village. Linderby gradually realizes that his wife was taken by slave traders - led by Suleiman (Peter Ustinov) - and he begins a search across the continent that eventually leads to the Middle East. <br /> <br /> Along the way, big stars appear for ineffective and superfluous guest roles. William Holden has poor participation as a helicopter pilot; Omar Sharif displays little of his usual charm or grace as a spoiled Arab millionaire; Rex Harrison seems quite bored during his brief role as a helpful contact that helps Caine in his quest. The film is based on a bestseller titled Ebano, by unknown author Alberto Vasquez-Figueroa, but the thriller that made the book so popular is largely absent in this adaptation. Ustinov is charismatic as the slave trader (he seems, in all his films, unable to give bad performances), and Caine generates a believable anguish as the man who thinks he will never see his wife again. There are occasional glimpses of action, but overall, Ashanti is rather slow. All in all, it's a piece of resilient action - not by any stretch as horrible as Caine often suggested, but not a very inspiring film and certainly a disappointment to all the talent involved.
