I'm impressed! Wow, get ready to be surprised by the strange ways of the ninja. Watch them as they attack, crawl across the floor (back or stomach) like a caterpillar, fly through the sky, climb buildings, hide and jump from trees, play ninja stars, play blue welcome mats, disappear in smoke bombs , make lots of noises with your blades and quickly sneak or trot on your toes. What vision! Actually I could continue with the many traditional actions, but I will be here all day. Oh, do not forget we even caught the legendary Chuck Connors from time to time, and watched him dispatch some ninjas with his shotgun with little ease. Which class! What the fuck! Anyway, the ultra-cheap 'Sakura Killers' is a stupid, but grumpy, ninja action fun that only fanatics of the genre would take away from this b-grade disaster. <br /> <br /> A genetic lab in America has a very important video that is stolen by a couple of ninjas. Two Americans are sent to Japan by Colonel (Chuck Connors) to retrieve it. <br /> <br /> The opening of the feature suits you well. Get ready for the laughs! Then it slows down, but shortly after the two main characters learn about the ninja and undergo training, he gets his head steamed when they break their robes and flee after the stolen beta tape that contains a very important formula. It's when wildly fast action and aerobic martial arts really come into play. It's also not too badly done (like the stupid script and silly performances). The final climatic clash is very well done. <br /> <br /> In slow stretches, the two Americans (Mike Kelly and George Nicholas) are looking at the case, sharing brainless conversations and facing some minor problems. What made me laugh was how the ninjas were discouraged by how brave and clever these two were. Should these be professional killers? Director Dusty Nelson ('Effects (1989)') does a serious job with what he has and plays for what he is. It focuses the activities on the screen around Taiwanese locations. Punctuation is a colorful arrangement.
