This is one of the worst movies Clark Gable ever made. Only PARNELL was obviously worse. It's so painfully cliché and the dialogue is so bad it's something neither Gable nor Jean Harlow should be proud to do. <br /> <br /> Gable is a jump whose illegal activities result in your girl going to the slammer (as the gangster talks?). She expects him to do the right thing, but he simply leaves her there - unknown to any of them, damn it, she's "in the way of the family." Eventually, the ladino returns to do the right thing and somehow they put it all together in a happy ending! They seemed to have forgotten about Gable's need to take rap and spend several years at hoosegow. Leonard Maltin says "the stars are at their best here". By what standard? Better at producing unintentional laughter? Give me a break! PS - after saying this, my wife thinks Leonard Maltin will find me and kick my ass. Hmmm However, despite my comment, I think Mr. Maltin is the best reviewer and human being on the planet (hopefully he has appeased him). <br /> <br /> UPDATE - 2/2/08. Because I did not like this movie so much the first time (especially the ridiculous ending), I decided to watch it one more time. After all, sometimes when I watch a movie again, I like it a lot more and realize that I've been a little too hard. Although this has been the case with several movies in recent months, I still did not like this movie - even the second time around. Most of it was not because of the first half of the movie. In the first half, Harlow's character was incredibly stupid, but at least it was believable. But when she was sent to jail, everything was cliché until the ridiculous final scene of the wedding. The main point is that this sequence is embarrassingly idiotic - it just does not make any sense and it's like turning the movie into a wacky fairy tale instead of a love story about two cons. I hold my original review (despite all of the "NOT SINGLE") and I think that besides PARNELL and possibly POLLY AT THE CIRCUS, it may be Gable's worst movie.
