So I rented this from Netflix because someone gave me the book by Roger Ebert "I hated, hated, hated this movie" and he gave it a rare scratch rating of zero in the book and said at the end of his original review "Mad Dog Time ". should be cut off to provide free ukulele picks for the poor. "So I figured Ebert saying I would see if it was as bad as he said.I know the majority of society says not to listen to critics and judge for itself but I I could not express how much I hated this rubbish like Ebert and since Ebert's review of Rob Reiner's "North" where he said he hated the movie.Today I've heard such a brilliant hate film review.Here we have Richard Dreyfuss as a gangster I do not think it would be terrible to see Dreyfuss as a gangster if the script for this movie was well written.But most of all the other things that were terrible about this "movie", I can certainly tell you the script did not was written well in everything.While the film begins with Jeff Goldblum saying that he liked to watch Dreyfuss's girlfriend while Dreyfuss was in a criminal hospital, the film begins with a decent dialogue after the credits starts is. But after the first 4 or 5 minutes the other 85 minutes consist only of idiot characters talking useless trash for 30 seconds, then someone is shot. Then there are a lot of jokes about Dreyfuss being mentally ill. Haha It's not funny. So we started a nasty and nasty scene parodying "My Way" by Frank Sinatra, sung by Gabriel Byrne, apparently to insult Dreyfuss. Of course, because the script was written at the level of a sixth grader Dreyfuss shoots Byrne more than five times and Byrne just will not die. Should the public care or think it a little funny? I can certainly say I do not care or think it's funny. Not only am I disappointed with Dreyfuss (who I admire very much as an actor) for producing and starring in this tripe, but I am also extremely disappointed with Jeff Goldblum because this was released the same year that "Independence Day" was the highest grossing film. the year and finally one of the most successful films in history. Did Goldblum think that "Independence Day" would be a failure and then take on the next role he was offered to make some money if "Independence Day" was a bomb? What does an Oscar winner and star of two of the greatest money-making films in history find remotely enjoyable? The opening sequence of "Mad Dog Time" says that the film is set on another planet. I only wish now that I spent 93 minutes watching this crap that he would have stayed and opened in the theaters of the planet where it supposedly happens so that everyone on this planet never stay here with this ridiculous waste of 93 minutes out of my life that I will never go back. Ebert saying the film should have been cut is not good enough, I'm scared. Each copy of "Mad Dog Time" should have gasoline spilled on it and be lit in the fire. I'm still at the top of the worst movie I've ever seen because this has earned the honor of being the worst movie ever.
