What an insult to Olivia D'Abo, who plays the heroine of the movie, Robin, having Keanu Reeves so great in the art of the movie (and at least in recent reissues, having Reeves just showing up in the box), considering she was the star. I realize it's his name that will eventually sell this After School Special long forgotten, but at least give the woman some credit. <br /> <br /> Despite this, this has to be one of the worst sports themed movies I have ever seen, and goes to great lengths to add not just all the clichés of teenage and sports movies to the class war between gymnasts rivals the teen romance. And, struggling to somehow indulge as an amateur alternative to Flashdance (with the music in one of the warehouse dance scenes is still very close to Michael Sembello's remarkable 'Maniac' which was famous for Flashdance, or was the opposite?) Includes similar dance sequences and, even worse, even the 1980s dance and sports traditions of tacky dance between the heroine and her antagonist (s), the one who doubts his successes and abilities in the team. We saw it on Trashin '(a vertical ramp) and Rad (BMX dancing at the prom, though it was not much for competition, but for fun) for example. In fact, this movie is replete with unrealistic pomposity, like the somewhat erotic homo in Salvation Army outfit with Robin and his teammate. <br /> <br /> However, the film is about a young woman who comes from a rather poor environment. To culminate in a huge need to squeeze as much sympathy from the audience as possible, she lives with her sick mother, her hateful sister, and her careless (and slightly abusive) stepfather. Needless to say, homelife is not so attractive. Add to the mix a talent for gymnastics, but several obstacles to join the team (including the nuisance of your arrogant, snobby teammates and a coach who also doubts your skills to compete well). And of course, we can not forget that she has eyes for one of the cute guys who is dating one of her teammates, or that she does not have a steady boyfriend (though Keanu and Tommy later join the scene). Could this kid be more pathetic? And it seems that one mess after another appears to embarrass himself in his painful, long, redundant and clichéd quest to prove his worth to all. <br /> <br /> But even the main moments of joke that make up most of the film, hardly worth mentioning, considering that the biggest distraction for this movie is horrible acting and dialogue. (I like how the gym trainer suddenly pops into the restaurant in the middle of the dance to berate teammates). This makes episodes of 'Amazing Stories' look like Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> I imagine that anyone able to locate this movie and watch it these days is probably attracted mainly because of the nostalgic factor. Why you may be satisfied, but it is also an incredibly forced drama. Then, Caveat Emptour.
