After watching this movie, I was left with two hassles about this movie: why did they make Chen's character "McGuyver's man-success" and Lee's character such an incompetent idiot? Chen's character is that he was raised in an underground Cambodian orphanage for a bloodthirsty fighter, where they learn to fight with death as wild "dogs." This detail is anticipated during a scene in which he gets into a taxi and when he starts driving, he shows how unfamiliar he is with the seat belt. Soon after this scene, he has a similar situation in a dim sum restaurant. Not only is he ignorant, he is starving. This is not a reference to Chen's skeletal physique, but to the first two scenes of the movie in which he is eating food, one of them being rice porridge on the floor of the lower deck of an old ship. Si in the first ten minutes of the film, it is established that Chen is undernourished, unmodified, and has only one thing for him, his "dog" fighting style of quarreling of some kind. Despite this situation, Chen manages to shoot all the cops (even managing to bounce a bullet from a metal pipe to hit a head face, who was keeping Chen's girlfriend hostage) and somehow hit a superhuman force to 50). lb concrete block, stuck at the end of a metal pipe, to the head of the police chief as he is being shot in the chest by the said chief. <br /> <br /> Now Lee's character ... ok, I understand, he's depressed, he's got some luggage, but wow, he can do something, right? In a moment, they try to leave you calm, composed and ready to take care of business, and in the next moment it has just been hit again. First scene he runs to Chen, and he can miss her, about 15 feet, several times. Near the end of the scene, Lee watches Chen as his close friend and co-worker is slowly stabbed in the neck with a long knife for 5 seconds while holding a gun to Chen's face, a distance of 10 feet. Even at the end of the movie, Lee gets stabbed to death and fails again. <br /> <br /> And my biggest problem with this movie is that it is presented in a way that the filmmakers are trying to get. the audience sympathize with Chen's character and that he is just "killing to survive". That would be so much easier if I did not watch Chen kill innocent people throughout the horrible movie. Of the numerous people he killed, only two people were intent on trying to kill him, the police chief and Lee. Others were just people who were eating, boat owners, taxi drivers and cops trying to arrest him, not kill. Overall, Chen's character is just a cold-blooded killer who kills for what he wants, even if it's just a free ride. (Did I mention he's carrying a bundle of hundred dollar bills for most of the movie?) My 3 stars go to some of the interesting director / camera jobs that took good pictures. <br /> <br /> Bottomline: One made for Chen fans who hug the nut. For me, "Dog Bite This DVD"
