From my observation, "Kool-Aid drinkers," I mean that these are such devout fans of Pavarotti man that they make no attempt to objectively evaluate this film. Giving this a 10 is similar to giving Wally Cox the award for Mr. Universe or putting a painting of Elvis Velvet in the Louvre !!! When this movie premiered, I remember wild comments with headlines like "No, Giorgio" and some said it was among the worst movies ever made. That's definitely overdoing it, too. Although bad and far from being a great work of art, there was much to like in the film and the biggest deficit of the film was not Pavarotti's performance nor his waist. <br /> <br /> Believe it or not, the impact The guilt falls solely on the shoulders of the writers (who, I believe, were chimpanzees). It is rare to see a movie with such clichéd dialogue or silly scenes as the food fight, but not even they are the heart of the problem. The problem is that writers want the public to worry about a "romance" consisting of a middle-aged man and a seemingly desperate woman. Perhaps the European public may be more tolerant of this, but in the United States in 1982 or today, this novel seems despicable and selfish - especially when Pavarotti tells Harrold that he loves his wife and "this is fun." Wow, talk about romantic dialogue !! Unfortunately, if they had just changed the script a bit and made Pavarotti a widower or maybe his wife was like the wife of a couple of classic Hollywood movies, like ALL THIS AND HEAVEN, TOO or SUSPECT (where the wife was so vile and nasty that you could forgive the husband having an affair or even kill her). Instead, she is the loving mother of two boys who wait patiently at home while their self-centered walkers swing to the right and to the left - as Pavarotti admits to having had many cases before meeting Harrold. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, even the beautiful Pavarotti's music could not save this movie. Near the end of the movie, there are some incredible scenes in New York where the scenery is simply incredible and the transcendent of Pavarotti's music. For that reason, I think the movie deserves at least 3. I really wanted to like the movie more, but it was a really bad movie - though not as rotten as you may have heard. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, from what I've read, this film may be a case of art imitating life, since Pavarotti's life had some parallels with this film, although this is not exactly the forum to discuss this in detail.
