I had not heard of this movie until I read an article about it on the Unknown Movies site, which made me curious. As a cartoonist and illustrator, I am an admirer of Richard Williams' work - I rate Ziggy's Gift as one of the greatest Christmas specials of all time, and although Who Framed Roger Rabbit ceased to be one of my favorite movies when I arrived with sixteen years of age, I still have the utmost respect for the amount of work, care and attention to detail that have been created in creating the visuals - but it seems that man has his failures, especially a propensity to exceed budget and schedule. And this movie is a testament to how wrong even a super talented guy like Williams can go under the right circumstances. <br /> <br /> Raggedy Ann and Andy are a strange dress that tries to be strange and experimental and off the wall within the confines of a children's cartoon. He also tries to be a musical. He tries to be a thousand and one other things too - is it a freakout? Is it an amazing? Is it a hymn to the innocence of the child's imagination? - until it finally collapses under the weight of its own unlimited ambitions and aspirations. It's beautifully lively, for the most part, although the bare bottoms might have used a little more attention, but even that does not count much when you're faced with the hallucinogenic absurdity that forms a big part of the "action" here. There are a lot of problems with the movie, but let's start with Raggedy Ann and Andy. They are the stars of the show, but they do not have personalities. In fact, we get the message that Andy is a tough guy ("I'm not a girl toy," he sings) and that Ann has a unique perspective on things because her mistress, a little girl named Marcella, low. but that's all we have to figure out about these tedious characters because the overwhelming strangeness of this movie comes into play not long after. I use the word "weirdness" because some weird movies can be extremely funny, but that's just weird. Toys and dolls in the toy room should be cute and adorable, but they are actually bizarre and disturbing. The two puppets that do and say everything in sync are a prime example of this. But even they are relatively normal compared to the constantly pirate pirate captain, whose mustache stands erect and whose groin swells visibly as he spots a glamorous French doll. Yes, this is supposed to be a children's movie! Then there is the song, none of which is memorable, and all are sung by actors who can not sing. And to add insult to injury, there's a lot of singing in that movie. When Ann and Andy finally leave the game room, the first thing they do is sing a LONG number in the forest about how frightened they are, how they will always have each other and ... yes, we get the message. That seems to last forever, but at least it brings some semblance of normality back to the movie. Not for long, though, because the Camel with his wrinkled knees takes us to a bizarre world where everything looks made of worn and faded denim, and - enough so that he is clearly a paranoid schizophrenic - he also begins to hallucinate . But this is nothing compared to the scenes that follow. The greedy, one alive, breathing. burping, farting, constantly eating a snail pool, it's so weird, scary and disturbing, you'll hardly believe what you're seeing - this is the closest to a psychedelic drug-free experience I've ever seen in the movies. Then, after a while spent with Greedy, comes the psychotic Sir Leonard Looney and his master King KooKoo, whose throne looks like a urinal. I can not believe I'm actually writing a caption description of a real movie here - I just had to rub my eyes and remind myself that I'm not blogging about an overwhelmingly great nightmare that I've had. Part of the sequel to Looney Land resembles one of the old Winsor McCay / Little Nemo cartoons, without a good reason beyond that somebody probably wants to do it. All this would be nice if there were some sort of rhyme or reason behind it, but there is not. These scenes are just weird and very, very long. Surrealism only works when there is a strong idea behind it, or it happens against some appearance of reality. But NOTHING in these scenes points to any kind of reality. Take that element away, and you will have pure self-indulgence. <br /> <br /> As the final scenes unfold, even the animation begins to look less impressive (the ridiculously detailed pirate ship shakes the water in a way that suggests that some of the cels disappeared during production) and there is a non-event of an ending that simply suggests that the money is gone. Even with a mere 86 minutes in length, the film seems like an endless experience, and it is understandable that it failed in its original release. Animation enthusiasts will probably scratch their heads and wonder how Williams managed to flambar this so spectacularly, but he did, and there's nothing anyone can do about it.
