SERIOUS SHELOW begins with a tribute or a shower scene robbery at PSYCHO. (I'm inclined to boot.) After that, it gets worse and then it gets surprisingly better, almost to the point of being original. Bad performance and amateur direction bog down a rather interesting little story, but the film already outnumbers many in the genre "Yankee comes south to be killed by a bunch of country folk," because it's actually filmed in the south. <br /> <A group of college girls go to Ft. Lauderdale for the summer vacation and are assaulted in Georgia by a flat tire after leaving the main road. (Note to the Yankees: Stay on the road when you go to Florida.) Sue Ellen (Lisa Stahl) has to pee so she goes into the woods. When she finally finds a good place to do her business, she witnesses the local sheriff (Tony March) strangling her lover (Merry Rozelle) to death. (Note to the Yankees: Do not run into the woods when you're in the South, not because you can witness a murder, but you can find a plantation of marijuana.) That's where the story, not the movie, comes close. of Tony March never having to practice his speech at the Oscars, his sheriff Dean becomes a scary facsimile of a normal guy torn apart by what he did and what he should do. Tom Law is sympathetic as Deputy Scott and is as authentic Southern MP as I have seen since Walton Goggins (Deputy Steve Naish) in HOUSE OF 1000 CORPSES. <br /> <br /> Some scenes from the movie are worth it. mention. The girls stop at a barbeque in South Carolina and demonstrate their racism when a black guy examines them. Sue Ellen runs into a barn to hide behind a few bales of hay and in a shockingly realistic moment, a large snake is hiding in the hay with her. <br /> <br /> And in the strangest scene, Sheriff Dean makes as if he's about to rape Patty (Carol Cadby) and tells her to undress. Dean turned the radio on to muffle the noise of what he was about to do. The preacher on the radio needs to go back and read his Bible. Her sermon is about how Jezebel is saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. I'm sorry for the herd of this preacher. Jezebel was in the Old Testament a few thousand years before Christ was born and by no means is she one of the five people you will meet in heaven.
