Once again, one of the most misunderstood Goddesses of my country has been distorted by "Westerners" who can not understand the esoteric symbolism of the Mother Goddess in her somber forms. The Mother takes on the frightening form of Kali Mata to destroy our inner demons and terrorize our egos. And while the blood sacrifice is given to Kali and Durga, the events described in this film are simply absurd. The Mother takes an angry form of being angry with our inner demons, limitations and ego, when no other form will suffice. It is also in her angry form that she burns all her Karmas in the "Smashan" fires that you cultivate in her heart for her to dance if you love her, and she will bring you to reality and truth. Reality and truth have a shadowy side, as does light, which serves a purpose. The Mother is the personification of the physical universe too, it is nature. Nature can be cruel and destructive to maintain balance. You can not have growth and life without death and destruction. Kali represents the force of destruction for the purpose of new growth and worldly and spiritual life in the universe. It is very outrageous to me that people who know nothing of India or their divinity can simply take one of our beloved goddesses and use her as a cheap prostitute to make a talentless, low-budget horror movie. How dare they take our beloved Mother and portray her as a horror that causes people to cut their eyelids? It is just awful to those who are attached to their ego and living in illusion, greed, anger and other inner demons. It is very clear to me that the person who wrote this movie must have a very serious selfish ego and serious inner demons to see Kali as so horrible and terrible. When the ego disappears, it becomes a form that is charming, beautiful and young, a beauty that is so enchanting that it enchants the whole Universe with it. Kali Maa is an old Mother, not to be joking with the goal of entertainment, let's just hope in her endless compassion and mercy that she does not take an angry form to those involved with this movie. <br /> <br /> The audacity Westerners have in using religions like mine, or the religions of the Caribbean islands like Santeria and Vodou, which are really very positive, and other religions like these to distort and exaggerate the incomprehensible elements which the Western mind can not understand. totally ridiculous. Of course, there is no respect for what people live, breathe and believe when it comes to this type of film. <br /> <br /> Kali Maa, in fact, is a sympathetic and compassionate mother to whom I shed tears for her. Beautiful feet in devotion and love for. And I'm happy that my mother takes an angry form sometimes to protect her devotees from themselves and external forces. <br /> <br /> Many praises to the REAL Kali Maa, which showed MANY ways and achievements.
