Ignoring (if at all possible) smoking tediously free marijuana (which seems to be mandatory in Australian government-funded films) the cast of this film gives reasonably dependable performance. This is very far. The rest is just awful. The plot is overloaded with "wow" symbolisms that are meant to look good in the movie but do not come to naught. A gross example is the giant peach float, obviously left by a city parade and donated by the local canning factory. It was too tempting to waste what was hopefully a free, but still irrelevant! The peach gets a superficial and inexplicable wash at one stage, but that's where it ends. <br /> <br /> Similarly, the artificial traffic signal "where Steph's parents were killed" is meant to symbolize the eventual escape from his past, but his escape to what? She had a good business where she was, especially considering her visual impairment and the endless, loving patience and care of her understanding of the young female guardian. <br /> <br /> The Guinness prize for the tacky melodrama, however, goes to characterizing Alan. Alan successfully aspires to the noble role of the union delegate, but "rats" to his co-workers, becoming a supervisor of a perverse and multi-national. hiss As a supervisor, Alan does the boss's dirty job and villain. He implements redundancies until, surprise, surprise, the whole factory is closed and Alan himself is left as a pathetic and unemployed failure. There are no cliché-free zones here, mate! Not only that, but Alan also loses the seductive Steph of the most unlikely relationship you would find. If you think the plot is melodramatic and didactic, do not ask about details. What is the meaning of the shaving cream on Steph's seductive leg? Because the hotel, where the couple makes love, ends up hoping that someone is gaining illegal entry into one of their larger rooms and among other pandemoniums, the sheets are regularly dirty - spectacularly on one occasion. Summarizing this movie in one word: Avoid, Avoid, Avoid.
