I watched this immediately after seeing HILLSIDE's CANIBALs, so anything would have been an improvement. Also, it prevents me from comparing ZOMBI 3 with 28 DAYS LATER and its sequence. Unfortunately, the more I watched, the more I realized how well Danny Boyle was original and how much this movie influenced 28 LATER WEEKS. <br /> <br /> We can not help noticing how much the franchise 28 dated this type of Movie Italian horror. I was totally convinced that ZOMBIE 3 should have been made in 1980 or 1981 at the latest. In that case, I would have called my resume 28 YEARS LATER (Geddit?) - but it was not until I came to this page to find out that it was released in 1988. All production values ​​shout that it's a low-budget movie at the beginning of the decade . I could have liked this movie as a fifteen-year-old boy in 1982, as well as my colleagues, but not now. <br /> Much of the problem involves the lack of internal continuity. For example, some of the zombies mix with the rhythm of a snail, while others can run very fast and have self-awareness, which leads to a ridiculous final scene involving a DJ. Similarly, some can be killed by a kick in the face, while others remain alive, even if they have been cut, wait until you see the scene of the refrigerator, you may simply die of laughter. Even serious characters suffer from this kind of planned sloppy script, where a character suddenly reveals that he is a helicopter pilot, which leads me to wonder why the army employs him to drive jeeps for a career. <br /> <br /> Obviously you remembered the previous movie THE CRAZIES, which also reminded me of the last 28 movies. A bunch of terrorists invade the scientific base, leading to all kinds of disasters, with the military being the thugs trying to kill the infected and the survivors, and long before the end, you will have concluded that basically everyone dies. The problem with this is that you will instantly be reminded of how the British franchise did so much better with a larger budget. Not only that, but the 28 franchise will appeal to an audience that thinks it may have little interest in the average horror movie. ZOMBIE 3 will appeal to anyone other than a hardcore splatter audience
