In 1979 Lucio Fulci released his film Zombi. However, due to George Romero's earlier import of Dawn of the Dead, which had that name for its Italian release, it was renamed to Zombie 2. (That also had the bonus of letting the public think this was a sequel to the second film Romero). Continuing this theme, the second Zombie movie, which would have been called Zombie 2, was then titled Zombie 3. In the UK, the original Zombie movie (ie Zombie 2) was titled "Zombie Flesh Eaters". To continue the theme, the second Zombie movie (Zombie 3) was titled "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2" for the launch in the UK. (Are you following all this?) So if Zombie Flesh Eaters was Fulci's Dawn, then it would be your Day of the Dead? Although this is only an irreverent observation, this tale of military compounds, helicopters and a drawn narrative certainly has a vague thematic similarity. <br /> <br /> Part of Fulci's European direction compels in a movie like this, but heavy acting, dubbing and exposition-script are absolutely horrible. Its ecological message is so forced and exaggerated that it can no longer be considered a subtext, while there is an unintentional (unintentional) homage to Birds. Combining this last element with the MOR 80s rock is not a good idea. For some reason I could not stop thinking about Monkey Time (q.v.) all the time I was watching it. This obviously is not a good thing. <br /> <br /> While there is nothing here to rival topless diving, sharks struggling with zombies and eyes in a splinter, Fulci's misogynistic inclinations do a job with the mouth of a hotel cleaner being floored in a mirror until blood gushes. His preditions for blood from fans also see a hand cutting. Both themes are combined when a woman's face is plucked, first by a zombie, then by a zombie fetus exiting the stomach of a pregnant woman. <br /> <br /> In terms of production, this is obviously a step ahead of Zombie. , arriving five years later. (Nine years in terms of worldwide launch). But without the discreet charm of the original, he struggles, while the music of Stefano Mainetti is inadequate and uninspired. The soundtrack of Fabio Frizzi was one of the best things in the 1979 film. Here the zombie attacks are thrown out of the annoying sound as Bonnie Tyler's "Holding Out For A Hero." In the midst of this carnage, we have an irritating love interest, and Roger and Kenny, two macho guys who do everything with acrobatic urgency and constantly claim the obvious. ("We're out of ammo" for a stun gun is a special highlight). But where it also falls is in the zombies themselves. With little key or no, the original of Fulci had truly magnificent rotting zombies. Faces of skull, worms in the eye sockets ... they really were something to be seen. On the other hand, this dull accompaniment opts for the more traditional option of "men with a little paint on their faces". <br /> <br /> The climax rips many Romero movies to even be funny, while using the DJ is a coarse and cheap narrative device. Not containing the same elements of indignation and free nudity of the former, it is unlikely that it has the same appeal to worship. <br /> <br /> It turns out that Fulci actually abandoned the project after supposedly only driving fifteen minutes, the rest filmed by Bruno Mattei. I'm pretty sure even Fulci would have turned down the ridiculous scene of "flying zombie head," and then credit the director for having the good sense to leave. Unfortunately, however, it is his name that is above the title of the movie in releases, so most people will get the impression that this is a Fulci movie. On that scale, then, it's a big setback for him, because this movie commits what you imagine Fulci would consider to be the worst crime of all: being boring.
