Zombie 3 begins when a group of heavily armed men steals an experimental chemical developed to reanimate the dead, while trying to escape, the man is hit and the metal container that holds the chemical is violated. The man picks up some of the green chemical on a wound in his hand that soon turns him into a cannibal zombie. In a few hours the surrounding area is crawling with undead flesh in search of new victims, Kenny (Deran Sarafian) and his army friends are in trouble as they stop to help Patricia (Beatrice Ring) and her friend Lia Bergammi) who was pecked by zombie birds (!). General Morton is in charge of the situation and has to stop the zombie plague from spreading all over the world! But will he and his men succeed? <br /> <br /> This film produced in Italy would be directed by the Italian author of zombie films, Lucio Fulci, but the story tells that he suffered a stroke and therefore failed to finish the film. Franco Gaudenzi asked the director of the second unit, Bruno Mattei, and the writer Claudio Fragasso to intervene and complete the film. Apparently Mattei and Fragasso did more than just finish, they actually disregarded many of the scenes that Fulci did and added much of their own, and Zombi 3 ended up being almost a 50/50 sequence. Fragrous script is an absolute mess, none of it is well thought out and is as stupid as it sounds. The zombie bird scenes attacking people are not only technically ineffective, but the whole idea is simply absurd. The zombies themselves have no consistency, look at the scene where Patricia is on the bridge and the zombies are slow as they crawl, but then look at the previous scene where she was attacked by the zombie with the machete because the person runs through there. as if on steroids, then, without any reasonable explanation, about 10 minutes before the end of the movie, the zombies suddenly develop the ability to speak, which also seems crazy. There are so many things wrong with Zombie 3, scene after terribly thought-out and ineptly directed action scene, horrible character and really boring and broken English dialogues that make no sense in half the time. Then there is the embarrassing scene where the zombie head inside the fridge suddenly develops the ability to fly through the air and bite someone's neck, the scene where the white guys contamination in the end are about to kill Kenny & Roger, but instead of using their automatic rifles they decide to try to kill them by hand even when Kenny picks up a gun if they still refuse to use their rifles and when Kenny starts firing them all they still refuse to use their rifles and is one of the most ineptly manipulated scenes ever put to film and then there is the end where Kenny takes off in the chopper but can not rest him on the floor for literally a few seconds to choose his friend and then a load of zombies will suddenly sprout under some piles of grass, what? Since when did the zombies hide alone under stacks of grass? This may all sound like 'fun', but trust me, is not it, it's a really bad movie that's boring, repetitive, and just does not work on any level as a piece of entertainment except for a few unintentional laughs. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to know who was responsible for what exactly, but none of the footage is particularly well filmed. It has a dull and bland feel about it and for some reason the manufacturers tried to bathe all the scenes in fog, the problem is that they clearly had only a fog machine and you can see that in a corner of the screen the mist is visibly thicker is coming out of the machine and scrubbing as it spreads through the scene. Since much of what is set during the day does not add any kind of atmosphere and when they hit and the mist is spread evenly across the screen, it looks like they recorded the scene on a cloudy day! The steering is weak with no consistency and just looks and feels the bottom of the barrel material. Even the blood and blood are not enough, there is a bloody hand cutting at the beginning, a scene in which something comes out of the stomach of a pregnant woman, a woman without legs (which actually took her legs in the pool by the way and why did not you take your legs off the guy who jumped to save you?) And some good-looking zombies are as bloody as he is. For those who want to see a bloody festival like the one that Fulci served regularly during the late 70s and early 80s will be very disappointed, there are no decent food scenes, no bowels, no 'head shots' and very little Technically , the film is poor, the special effects are cheap, the cinematography is monotonous, the music is terrible, the venues are bland and have lower production values. This was actually filmed in the Philippines to keep the cost reduced to a minimum. The entire film is obviously nicknamed, the acting still looks horrible and the English version seems to have been written by someone who does not understand the language well. <br /> <br /> Zombie 3 is not a continuation of Fulci Zombie 2 (1979), it has nothing to do with it except the title. I'm sorry, but Zombie 3 is an amateur mess of a movie, it sucks, it does not make sense, it's not funny enough to be fun and it has no decent gore. One to avoid.
