Where do I start? I wanted to enjoy this movie, and I liked it. Still, I wanted to be able to enjoy it for being another zombie movie that paid off, and it was not. This was a different kind of fun. This was not healthy, a perverse joy I attended watching one of the most ridiculous movies I've ever seen. And I do not care much about Fulci's excuses, there was no excuse for the film to be as it was. This was a bad movie all around, but I still can not give below a 4 out of ten, which is what I gave, because well ... at least I was able to laugh at this mismatch of a movie. I had to imagine these zombies, who were all over the ceiling of these buildings everywhere ... had to imagine they were bored as hell, so they crawled up the beems, and they perched on top. erections of stone, or they saw the heterogeneous and fleshy flock of idiots coming, so they were in charge of staging numerous air ambushes. Hell, what else is there to do when you're dead? <br /> <br /> I had to laugh at some zombies performing what appeared to be martial arts swings, kicks and jumps, and some stumbling like traditional meat lovers. I delighted my eyes in a floating head that was never explained. I watched in sheer, horrible delight as the land they were in, the Felipenes, was absolutely wrapped in haze, heavy doses of mist, and the ponds were as if they were boiling in castle ditches. I had to shiver when I saw the design for the curing of this plague was sketched on an octagon blackboard with lines that extended from each angle, with "Dead One" written in the middle. I had to ask myself ... if the science of healing zombies is that easy, then I wonder if I could devise a small thing to start a zombie outbreak here! <br /> <br /> In short, the effects were to the sea, horrible dubbing, Im sure that the original acting as poor, absurd story, inconsistent zombies even in a bad way they could all have been similar , and ugly women, but I found myself enjoying this thing. It was a fun watch. It turned out to be a really bad movie, and I would not recommend it unless it was bad directing movies, but still, again ... it was a good laugh. I long for zombie movies, no matter what, but when it gets Fulci's name, it must have been a lot better. Let me dare say, the zombie holocaust was better.
