I am an avid fan of Lucio Fulci, and I must say that "Zombi 3" (1988), which he did with two other directors, Bruno Mattei and Claudi Fragasso, was a great disappointment. . Especially in comparison to his great predecessor, the classic Gore "Zombie 2" by Fulci (aka "Zombie Felsh Eaters" / "Zombie") from 1979, this is very disappointing. Of course, the low rating of 4.5 already suggests that it is not a good movie, but, these low ratings usually come from people who do not like Italian zombie movies, and as an enthusiastic fan of Italian horror movies and film exploration low budget, I love many movies that have only been rewarded with much lower ratings. In addition, many of my Italian Horror colleagues seem to think of this film as underestimated, with which I unfortunately can not agree. Not that the movie was a complete disaster. It has some redeeming qualities, above all the cloying effects of Fulci, who are always delighted to watch an Italian Horror / Gore aficionado. The basic idea behind the film is also not bad (though far from original) and I enjoyed the relentless portrayal of the military. Unfortunately, that's about it. While the great predecessor "Zombie 2" was extremely bloody but additionally also genuinely scary, this is not scary or scary for a minute, and the nauseating and often grotesque gore is the only real reason to watch "Zombie 3". The movie is sometimes fun to watch, but only for blood, and as an unintentional comedy. I think it was mostly the blood that came from Fulci, and the disappointing rest that came from Mattei and Fragasso, the first of which was involved in a bunch of nasty cult-flicks (like D'Amato's "Holocaust Porno"), , and the second is responsible for one of the worst films ever made, the terrible "Troll 2". Overall, this is definitely watchable for blood, but of all the Fulci movies I've seen so far, this is definitely the worst, and I've seen most of this great filmmaker's repertoire. I'm a Fulci fan, and I will always be, but this is not his magical moment. It may be fun for blood, but I recommend watching any other Fulci movie before that!
