I've seen this movie twice, and I must say I enjoyed it twice. It's fast and fun, but in the end, crazy. That said, he deserves to be destroyed by spoiling what could have been a good accompaniment to the seminal original. It is clear to those who have seen the horrible 'Zombie Creeping Flesh' that the massive flaws of the movies may be due to Bruno Mattei, and that the little that is laudable about it may be due to Fulci. This is not idiotic Fulci idle, the styles of directors are totally contrasted, and you can tell who directed what, particularly in Mattei's case. The film is centered around the outbreak of a virus (strangely referred to as 'top secret' by a scientist, its secrecy apparently more remarkable than its potentially apocalyptic effect on mankind) somewhere in Southeast Asia. The virus causes a zombie-like behavior in those affected, and the virus spreads quickly across a seemingly arbitrary area of ​​land. Our protagonists unwittingly roam the danger zone, and have to fight for their lives against hordes of infected Asians. <br /> <br /> The film seems to be stuck halfway between being a zombie gang movie, and an outgoing action adventure, and this confusion is captured more clearly by the zombies themselves. They do not seem to have a set of characteristics common to all. Some are of the variety of regular soulless scrambling, so well rendered in the original, and probably the creation of Fulci here. The other main group consists of those who, because they were infected with the virus, lost all sense of self, but suffered savage aggression and a desire to win a black belt in ninjitsu: Indecisively jumping without knowing if they would continue to perfect their roundhouse technique superior or engage with your siblings in what appears to be a festival of mass tickling over your unfortunate victims. Martial arts skills are not their only talents, they are well versed in guerrilla tactics, hiding in beams and bales of hay, and sometimes inexplicably falling out of nowhere except the heavens themselves. This is definitely Mattei's job. <br /> <br /> There is a third variety of zombies, most talkative. This guy apparently maintains a sense of irony as well as "I'm very thirsty ... FOR YOUR BLOOD". The ridiculous turnaround at the end when the DJ turns zombie, but continues to preach unusual rumors about the fate of humanity, serves only to increase the WTF factor and obliterate any hope of a serious resolution. <br /> <br /> Then there's the infamous zombie head that slowly propels itself through the air, a weird jokerish smile wrought in his face, as if to say 'yes, we know how bad it seems'. <br /> <br /> The characters are all a totally dimensional as you would expect. But it's the pseudo-comic dialogue and dubbing that really keeps us from taking the situation seriously. Having said that the first soldier to die puts an impressively brave display against an unstoppable zombie threat. In fact, this is the first and perhaps only time we hit the true zombie aggro, and one of the only effective scenes in the movie. The guy who played the chief scientist has heart, but no talent, using pauses in his lines entirely at random, he ends up sounding like a confused asthmatic. Attempts by scientists on the screen to find an antidote are totally unconvincing "now let's join these two molecules!" <br /> <br /> There are a few moments that stand out as genuinely effective, however. In an opening scene, a female protagonist explores an abandoned garage. Upon entering a room, we are confronted with a hazy vision of a moving figure in the corner and a mass squirming on the floor, all filmed in a diffused atmospheric light. The silence is interrupted by the appearance of a quick mache wielding a zombie that destroys everything in its wake in its alarming desperation to have it. His pure aggressiveness is one of the few moments of true horror in the film. The theme before and after broadcast through the hotel that welcomes the events of the initial phase of the outbreak, and later as a refuge for our protagonists, is imbued with a dense and damp environment. There is a scene in which one of the soldiers approaches cautiously from an enclosed room that clearly houses hordes of undead, and this is quite tense. Things become more dramatic when they head to the hotel without knowing what lurks upstairs. But this is done sloppy and is not as effective as it could have been. <br /> <br /> In short, I would say that this movie deserves to be called the real of a potentially effective tropical zombie festival. , rather than simply through a bad movie. If nothing else, there are many unintentional laughs that I have been expecting from pretty much anything bloody and Italian from the eighties.
