I can not remain indifferent to Lars van Trier's films. I consider 'Breaking the Waves' nothing less than a work of art. I loved 'Dancer in the Night'. I admired the idea in 'Dogville', but the general exercise seemed to me too dry and theatrical, less cinematographic. 'Europa', which I only see now, was a famous film at the time, got the relative success of a European film in the US and won an Oscar for best foreign film, but it did not survive well at the time, in my opinion. It is also a very explicit and extroverted exercise in cinematographic art to my liking. <br /> <br /> History has a level of ambiguity that can not escape from the viewer. Treat the period immediately following World War II, not the black and white colors of the conquerors and losers, executioners and victims, but as rather ambiguous moments when people on both sides fought for survival in the aftermath of an event Catastrophic Lives of nations and individuals forever is still a source of disputes to this day, plus was novelty and courage two decades ago. However, it is the means of expression that does not really seem to fit the task. The film seems to include many quotes directly from Hitchcock's films, especially his earliest films - war in Europe, with brave British spies battling German spies on trains that traverse the continent in the dark at high speed. The trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all its intensity and drama. Here the train also becomes the symbol of the first glow of Germany's rebirth after the war, its power, its obsession with order and regulation, punctuality and civility. The characters who populate the train are far from being the classic stories of good or bad spies. The main character of a young American of German origin who comes to postwar Europe, willing to be part of a process of aid and reconciliation, finds himself in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption, with the most oppressive-like liberators occupiers, with the losers not resigned. to their fate, but rather willing to continue on the path of self-destruction, with love doubtfully mixed with betrayal. <br /> <br /> It is still this classic movie treatment that betrays the director in this case. The actions of the characters, especially Leopold Kessler, played by Jean-Marc Barr, seem confused and lack credibility. General cinematography seems not to be Hitchcock's, but rather to a bad Hitchcock imitation in the late 1930s. The use of color over black-and-white film most often used in times of emotional intensity is also very demonstrative . It is not that Van Trier does not master his artistic medium, but he is very demonstrative, he seems to struggle too hard to show what a great filmmaker he is. He's really great, as he will show in some of his latest movies, but it will be left to viewers to decide on their own.
