... but I expected better from Caroline Munro. She made some good movies, and I hoped it would be as good. in fact, she and this other blonde girl character (the girl who was electrocuted, I think) were the only ones among the 8-11 actors who could act. This movie has the worst acting I've ever seen. almost as bad as "Psycho" (1998). the really dumb part was when the woman was in the shower and marty called to turn on the battery acid. she starts screaming and her scream is probably the most annoying sound in the world. she tries to leave, but "accidentally" falls back. I admit, the violence and the story are good, along with the music of harry manfredini, but the acting could have been much better. There were two other characters, Frank and Joe. I do not know about you, but they have a strange resemblance to dan akyroyd. Also, when they find the woman's fried corpse in the tub, you would think they would be screaming and vomiting. No. Caroline Munro and the blonde woman are the only ones who react. Frank and Joe barely show signs of fear or disgust. I do not know about you, but I know that if I saw a fried skeleton of one of my best friends, I would vomit. Also, when Joe starts saying things like "what happened to marty was an accident, it was not our fault". he says it like he's nervous or scared, but barely shows any facial expression. then the blonde starts crying and says "I'm scared!" and she picks up Joe. I think the actress really did not know which face was which. the end of the movie is the most confusing thing I've ever seen. more confused than the climax of "jaws: revenge." All eight friends end up dead, Marty kills them all, but then, you see something that looks like he's being chased by their rotting corpses, and then he just cuts to Marty still in the accident hospital, and then when the movie ends, Marty dresses as a nurse trying to sedate him, but then we see that Marty got into his clothes or something kills a doctor, and the movie ends with marty peeling the skin off his face. which brings me to this next question. WHAT WAS THE WRITER WHEN HE FOUND THIS?!?!?!?! did he really expect people to understand what the hell happened? the end made me so confused. were the characters still alive? Is Marty still a grudge? Do the events we have just seen still not happen or do not happen? I do not know. Overall, this movie was very dumb. the acting sucked, the music was good, the story was pretty decent (except for the ending). Basically, this is just one of his 80 year old teen horror movies. look only at harry manfredini and caroline munro. 2/10 <br /> - Simon Scuddamore (Marty) committed suicide shortly after the release of the intentional drug abuse film. I think he was the only person who knew that this movie was what it really was. A SHACK OF SH **
