The movie opens with a flashback to Doddsville County High School on April Fool's Day. A group of students plays a joke in the nerdy class Marty. When they are punished for playing the said joke, they follow up with a bigger joke than that (par for the course of horror films involving pranks in class nerds) goes ridiculously wrong leaving Marty simultaneously burned by fire and disfigured by acid for the sake of be complete. . Fast forward five years, where we find student body members gathered in the now abandoned school for the five year meeting. We found out that it was no coincidence that everyone at the meeting belonged to the playboy clique of the flashback scene as all participants are being hunted down and killed by a mysterious killer-clad assassin in an increasingly complicated and numbing situation. ridiculous fashions It does not take Sherlock Holmes to solve the mystery of the killer's identity as it is revealed to be nothing less than a healed Marty who has apparently used his nerdy rage and high intellect to bend the laws of physics and engineering in order to prepare the school for your revenge scenario. The film gives a twist to the bizarre when Marty ends up taking revenge on his former torturers, only to be haunted by his ghosts. Marty is finally pushed to the limit and takes his own life. Finally, the film explodes in a crescendo of disconnected strangeness as the whole scenario of revenge is revealed to be a dream first as Marty wakes up in a hospital bed, breaks free from his restraints, stabs a nurse, and finally disfigures his own face . <br /> <br /> The script is tired and suffers from a terminal case of horror movie logic. The only originality comes from the numbly intricate ways in which the victims are sent. The final absurdity of what was a dream is felt. It is almost as if someone pointed to the disjointed nature of the film and the writer then decided that it was a dream. <br /> <br /> Technically speaking, the movie is atrocious. Some scenes were filmed so dark that I had to pause the movie and play with the color of my television. The acting is sub-par, even for horror movies. I can not help but think that the cast was part of the problem, since all the actors seem at least five years older than the characters they play, which makes the flashback scene even more unintentionally laughable. His lack of commitment to the film is obvious, since half of them can not bother to keep the accent in the film. <br /> <br /> All this said, if you like bad horror movies, like this one too. It's not the worst movie of its kind, but it's far from the best.
