What about Domino I hated about everything, and I mean everything, more? Perhaps it was the general glorification of being a bounty hunter; perhaps it was sexism disguised as an interesting and engaging study of a hard-bodied female protagonist; perhaps it was the mere glance of the movie with its bizarre yellow glow and distorted blue tones or the way it bears an actress like Lucy Lui; who deserves much better than this garbage; and she sits there in the only place in the room that the light can not reach directly with the same stupid look on her face. Maybe it's the issue; this horrible, quick fire edition and the way the dialogue lines echo when they are uttered by people like Kiera Knightly, who, if you buy a bounty hunter, will probably be able to believe that the world will end in 2012. < Nobody leaves Domino with any kind of credibility, absolutely no one. It is a painful and misguided experience, drawing on things like Natural Born Killers and leaving loose ideas to an audience that is not even there for them. The main question is, "Should Domino be some kind of comedy?" in her hilarious, sulky voice, uttering certain lines that desperately want us to think she is "tough," but actually resembles a more arrogant fifteen-year-old girl on her first day at public school trying to impress her peers. There are things that you genuinely do not know how to react, be they funny or not. If it's supposed to be a comedy, it begs the question, "Is a bounty hunter's life really worth exploring to laugh at?" I do not think like that. <br /> <br /> The movie opens with the title card 'Based on a true story ........ more or less.' If this is a kind of postmodernist technique that allows director Tony Scott to bend and manipulate the story of Domino Harvey for his unique purpose then you are simply on another planet. The truth is, in this opening quote, the film identifies the subject and the original text before going back completely and saying "more or less", which would supposedly allow Domino to be older than he should and appear in Jerry Springer. After that, we learned of Domino's relationship with her father, who died in the movie when she was ten or something; here is the first use of the 'kind of' strip like in real life she was only four. But if the film had gone through the dates of reality, all its momentum would have been born from the death of its goldfish. We then went into action with Ed. Mosbey (Rourke); Domino (Knightley) herself and pretended love interest Choco (Ramirez). During the scene, an American mother is arrested through a shoot-out in her own caravan in the back of nowhere, while she asks that her child's life be spared. What a really misguided opening; presenting their three clues as nasty people who break into trailers, shoot guns at innocent people we do not know and even come close to shooting their pet dogs. <br /> <br /> The immediate feeling is of hatred against the three animals. leads, a feeling of "No, why are you doing this? Why is this happening?" The film is painful to watch, even excruciating, while these three make their way through the complete play with supporting performances from actors known for playing characters in Beverly Hills 90210. Here's another post-modernist point of view, people throwing themselves and that kind of Joker card being played again.Chinow Walken even appears in a really stupid role that smacks of Robert Downey Jr.'s Natural Born Killers character. So while the movie continues and Domino is cast for the gang of Ed and Choco, purely for his good looks I must add, it seems that in the middle of the plot to see with fake driver registration IDs or something that Choco and Domino may have The problem is that each performer is doing such a poor job in their character, there is no chemistry or feeling between the two, the film is not a love story, so why bother to follow that road in the first place? Does anyone care about these two characters in the midst of all the quick edits and exploding things? If there is any "feeling" between Choco and Domino, it exists on such a tiny, tiny, minimalist scale that you have to ask why it is included. <br /> <br /> So the film feels the need to crank. things in terms of narrative. We discovered the reason for the false I.Ds that are connected to another person and a guy talking on his cell phone in a soundproof bubble. The soundproof bubble that I can believe, but how does he get his phone under the water and the bubble in the first place without getting flooded? Should he have swum very quickly? to double the speed of the fast edition of the film, which means something in the region of 0.01 of a second. Yes of course. The story of the film becomes very complicated and simply arbitrary before resorting to a really stupid climax in which more things explode. Also, there is a very nasty scene to do with a wall chart full of new ethnicities and the movie's dry comedy is so dry that it has to resort to "Jerry, Jerry!" sing while people are on a popular American talk show. When was the last time we laughed at "Jerry! Jerry!" when we were, say, seven years old? I left feeling sad and depressed with the existence of such a movie.
