I do not know if these movie problems are more guilty of direction or script. As you will see in many comments, the editing style is very exaggerated. It is absolutely disturbing and without substance, which could be considered a good thing if you look at some of the movie quotes. I do not write many reviews here, but I felt that this movie was so horrible that it deserved comment. Movies like this erode the production of films as an art form. Films like this show more and more clearly that the current focus of Reality in the cinema is revealing the quality of the characters behind them. People improve the craft, there are 5 senses and there is business sense - neglecting their own inner life. But I do not blame them, it's more and more the unhappy condition of this age - qualified by films like this. But by proxy of these Manufacturers, I would not dare call Artists not to feel the lack of inner life or consideration on the screen - spreading it for all. A story of bounty hunters, gun cannons and more guns, displaying heavy-handed sex - for the actress so popular (they wrote the scene from the lap after signing it?), More saturated, more exaggerated, a liner, not linear plots. Everything different and still the same. Annoying overwhelming music to push the thrill through your throat. A story? a development of character? or just retained, lack of information, revealed at the end to create the * effect * of a story - as if it had occurred. All in all, there is something remotely similar to subtlety. It's a caricature of stereotypes and gender. Where are the movies with conscience? What about the subtlety of sound and music you do not even know? What about the depth of a look? How about editing with a point about the mind and the conscience? yes, even in action movies this can happen. Of course they sharpened a craft; but what good is it without soul and wisdom? of insight into the human condition? Can people who have commented and said that this is an apogee of art, or compare it with Picasso and others - I say put it next to Gandhi or the Godfather, even the original trilogy of stellar wars or the Lord of the Rings; so look me in the face and say it again. It is a good team, but they need help with depth and history. I hope they understand why I like the team's previous work. Better luck next time.
