This was another obscure title related to Christmas, a low-budget Mexican production by the filmmaker Cardona (1977), which? how many a gender effort of this country? was purchased for release in the USA by K. Gordon Murray. Judging by the two efforts already mentioned, was Cardona not a visionary? and this, which has already received its share of reviews here, certainly is not better! The film, in fact, is completely insensitive to the strangeness that characterized the Mexican horror outlets of the time, but given an additional dimension by virtue of the garish color (which in view of the prominence of the reds in addition to St. Nick himself). , the devil plays an important role in the process throughout was essential). However, in a nutshell, the plot involves Satan's efforts to postpone the meeting of Santa Claus on Christmas Eve with the children of the Earth; there is, however, much more insanity along the way: to begin with, our burly, bearded, chronically bearded man lives in a heavenly palace that, in addition to accompanying children who make toys from around the world, his piano while they sing (laboriously throughout the first roll!) in their native language, visit Merlin ?? the famous King Arthur court wizard, here confused but amusingly prone to jumping like a child and grunting scribbles! ??? once a year to get potions that bring drowsiness to the young and become invisible (by the way, the Magician's anachronistic presence here is no less unlikely than being a cohort of Dr. Frankenstein in DRACULA'S SON [1974] !!) ; by the way, he always seems to have gained some excess weight, so Santa needs to exercise so he can fit into every proverbial chimney! The Devil's clowning (waving his hands enthusiastically around every corner and often pretending) to support St. Nick's delivery program is perfectly childish: in fact, his foolish antics resemble an old Laurel & Hardy routine more that anything! To fill in the running time, we focus on three sets of children: one, the solitary son of a wealthy couple who wants nothing more for Christmas than their company (designed as a wish-fulfillment fantasy where the boy meets your parents). a girl from a poor family who yearns to have a doll of her own (the horned one first tries to steal one, then invades the dreams of the little girl - without success) and a trio of brats who, once again instigated by Satan, think of nothing but harm and eventually fall among themselves. There's definitely imagination in action here, but it's applied with little rhyme or reason, while the global youth approach keeps the entertainment (unless you count the movie as a guilty pleasure) well at a distance!
