This Santa movie starts out weird and I think Santa can be a fart. Instead of the usual elven toy makers, this Santa Claus has apparently kidnapped children from all over the world and makes them sing a little like the characters from "It's a Small World"! I think there are no child labor laws in the strange astral plane in which he lives (apparently it is not the North Pole and not on Earth) !! None of these boys seems very happy and I kept wanting to see the commands invade and rescue the tykes, although I think for some of the children in the third world these working conditions might be an improvement over local factories. I hope all they do is sing and make toys. <br /> <br /> So the scene changes abruptly to hell, where many, many demons dance like they were in a Busby Berkeley musical. This fun ends with Satan sending one of them, Pitch, going to Earth to ruin Christmas !! Personally, I thought this movie already did it! The Devil and his little devils are really cute - like Harvey Comics Hot Stuff, but with evil goatees! Or, if you're Puerto Rican, like a vejigante mask with a goatee! <br /> <br /> Somehow a poor Mexican boy named Lupita, a group of kids who want to beat Santa and a rich boy, are key battlefields for the Devil and Santa !! So if the Prince of Darkness (not Donald Trump, the OTHER Prince of Darkness) can somehow steal it and be bad, he'll 'win' - which, we really do not know! In fact, while they torment you, you get the impression that the filmmakers want Santa to be Jesus - since he has all these great powers and fights the Devil for the souls of the children! Later, Santa meets his friend Merlin. He asks him to make a special powder that makes people dream dreams. Considering how much Santa Claus laughs at the movie (like a demented squirrel), I suppose he should use this drug VERY much! He will immediately see a blacksmith who makes him a magic key that opens ALL doors. Since he keeps children as his personal "assistants," this magical thing worries me immensely! During Santa's Christmas walk, you see Lupita behaving like an angel - a problem down. Santa then takes time now to take care of the rich kid whose parents are selfish idiots. He gives them a kind of crazy cocktail that magically solves their problems - two problems solved. This is a rare case where alcohol / drugs help children and solve problems! As for the small robbers, he gives them charcoal! Frustrated with his losses to Santa, Pitch then attempts to steal the sleigh (which is pulled by spooky animatronic deer). When that fails, it destroys Santa's stock of "magic powder"! As a result, Santa can not become invisible to avoid dogs and gets woody. How can Santa make a detour to the Betty Ford Clinic if he's stuck in a tree? Will St. Nick descend from the tree and take the monkey off its back or the devils will win? If you care, tune in and see. However, be warned that the movie is crazy! <br /> <br /> Technically speaking, the movie is yecchy. While it's in color, it's really gaudy. The music is mostly done on an organ - which, coupled with children's bad corners, produces perhaps the worst soundtrack I've ever heard in recent memory. And the story is simply incomprehensible and very, very, very scary. Devils and a Santa Claus who kidnaps children is simply insensitive. It's a movie you should NEVER show to kids, but make a great movie to watch with friends, so you can laugh at it from start to finish!
