Whether you watch the regular version of this monstrosity or the MST3K version, you can only be impressed by the absolute GALL that went into this production. Filmmakers insult the viewer's intelligence from side to side and obviously could not care less about the fact that they are doing it. <br /> <br /> Everything is cheap and cheap. Even the 1950s car in the flashback sequence of that era seems to have been taken from a junkyard. <br /> <br /> "Elves" are, as you know, "made" with poorly made puppets and plush toys; when a person should be attacked by them, it is clear that the toy is being held by the victim in their own body. As the creatures pull away from the two security guards, this is shown (or rather not shown) by the camera pointing at the guards as they look down and see their heads as if watching the goblins running past. It is reminiscent of the scene in the movie "Tangents," where two people are standing in the ruins of a future world, examining the wreckage, and we are not shown any of this. The budget constraints associated with total incompetence usually mean you will not have anything worth showing, so why try? The "sets" were totally laughable. "Club Scum" was an obvious dinner; the house seems to have been an empty house - probably for rent or sale - from which the producer took over for an hour or two to do the filming. The "spacecraft" is something I would be ashamed to construct when I was a 10-year modeling girl. <br /> <br /> The character's motives make no sense - Kevin is denigrated by his worthless ingrate. of a girlfriend because he did not make her "proud of him". I'm sure this was done to make their reconciliation so touching in the end, but any guy with true self-respect would have told her to go to hell and leave her. Nick is supposed to be back from 2 months of Army training (yes, good regular haircut, Nick) and seems inclined to prove that our country is being championed by sadistic animals and idiots who are sex maniacs. Kyle is a sex-crazy in red shorts who dreams of a night with a dominatrix type of spandex, but he's so effeminate that he's more likely gay than not. One of the girls is a prude and the other is a sham. <br /> <br /> And the goblins? In the end, everyone returns to the safe where they have lived for 30 years. Because? Who knows? Who cares? Watch this movie and be amazed at just how primitive filmmaking in our modern era can be when you have an idiotic script, incompetent direction, actors who are so bad that they would be rejected from a high school theatrical production and decent ensembles of Edward. D. Wood, Jr.
