This stealing of the 1984 hit "Gremlins" is possibly the biggest disaster of a movie ever made. Even for a "B" level movie, all other cheap horror movies on the same platform completely outlast this movie in terms of plot, acting and kindness. <br /> <br /> It starts with an old and random security guard. Younger punk security guard whose name is of no importance. Because? Because within minutes he enters the forbidden coffer and is killed while living his fantasy of being a rock star in a cheap pub. <br /> <br /> This is just an appetizer for the scat - full main course. The main character, Kevin, struggles several times to prove that it is more than a total vagina. Maybe he gets inside the movie, but to the public he turns out to be nothing more than a bad actor. Kevin gets a job with the former security guard and is guided through his security shift in the abandoned studio (wait). Yes, why bother to make a set when you can just use the studio itself. Back to the movie. Kevin somehow opens the forbidden chest and releases the Hobgoblins. Hobgoblins force people to live their wildest fantasies and then kill them for some reason. They must be returned before sunrise or else ... or else what? Exactly. Other characters include Kevin's "male" army friend NICK, Nick's "wife," DAPHNE, whose character has no substance other than a prostitute's attitude and clothes worthy of prostitutes. There is Kevin's manipulative and "reserved" girlfriend, AMY, whose deepest desire is apparently to be an ill-mannered look-alike of Cher, with fishnet stockings with a pair of blue granny underwear on top. Do not ask me how this works. Quite possibly the most fun character of all is KYLE. How such groups of friends are made is in question. Kyle is a perverted idiot who can not spend an hour without self-stimulating. His hobbies include calling sex chat lines from other people's homes and probably sniffing underwear. <br /> <br /> The story unfolds when heroes look for the Hobgoblins: knee creatures (also known as puppets) who, for some reason, try not to go beyond the boundaries of the local neighborhood. Each of the characters ends up living their craziest fantasy that has never anything to do with having millions of dollars ... or the movie having a big budget. <br /> <br /> WARNING THE LEADERS TOWARD: The turnaround at the end of this movie will leave the observer wondering "what?". The Hobgoblins are returned to the safe by ... their free will. Maybe they'd lost their patience waiting for the sunrise to wreak havoc, or maybe the writers of the story had cramp the writer and determined not to worry about the ending. Returning to the vault, the old security guard reveals "What he learned in the military" and detonates explosives that destroy the vault, signaling the end of the devilish Hobgoblins and the end of this roller-coaster ride; better equipped for a ride on an escalator. <br /> <br /> The sheer evil of this movie is enough to send someone to tears. If you intend to watch it, I recommend some alcoholic beverages beforehand to take into consideration any serious consideration of the film.
