"House Of Evil", also known as "Dance Of Death" 1968, is the first of four infamous and strange recent films starring the great Boris Karloff and directed by Jack Hill and Juan Ibánez. Unlike "Snake People" (1971), "The Incredible Invasion" (also 1971) and "The Fear Chamber" (1972) which were all released after Karloff's 1969 death, "House Of Evil" was released in 1968 , when Karloff was still alive. "House Of Evil" is considered by many to be the worst of these four films, which are no doubt all a bit bad but definitely have their entertainment value as the unintentional comedies that they are. I personally prefer "The Fear Chamber" and "House Of Evil" to the other two, simply because the lack of the least logic is even more extreme, and as there is no suspense in any of the films, lack of logic increases the fun factor not intentional. <br /> <br /> The strange story (I do not know if I can really call it 'plot') is somewhere in Europe in the nineteenth century. After a few girls are murdered and found with their eyes drawn, Mathias Morteval (Karloff), an enthusiastic organ player, invites his remaining relatives to his bizarre mansion filled with strange toys. His relatives include Lucy Durant (Julissa), who is engaged to one of the police inspectors investigating the murders. <br /> <br /> I will not reveal more of the story, but I can assure you that it is quite bizarre throughout the film. There are some very funny moments, especially some things that Karloff's character says. Boris Karloff was undoubtedly one of the most brilliant and important icons of the Horror genre that has ever lived, and he manages to reward this strange movie with a little of its grandeur, and although (or because) its role is (due to a poor script and and direction ) by no means scary, it seems that he deliberately plays with a sense of humor. Just as in the successors of the movie "Snake People" and "The Fear Chamber", the female lead is once again played by Julissa. <br /> <br /> Most of your presentations are hilarious, cinematography is terrible and the locations and scenarios are despicable. The plot does not have the least logic and the dialogue often makes no sense. It's the poor story and dialogue, however, that makes this movie so fun to watch. "House Of Evil" may be an extremely bad attempt at a movie, but it is certainly as (unintentionally) funny as bad. Fans of Ed Wood movies should be a lot of fun, I personally found it hilarious. Crap, but fun, however, and definitely worth seeing since there is Boris Karloff in it and due to the fun factor. 3/10
