I had some time to kill before watching football so I saw this movie being offered on the scifi channel and it literally after watching it I thought I had found my version of mentally walking the march of Bataan's death when my conscience was beaten in submission by the terrible film that took off the series Mummy and Jurassic Park. It was so bad that I thought the opening credits were the highlight of the movie and then it went into such an abysmal slump that it made the recent stock market crash look like a hiccup. The acting was so bad that I expected everyone to be buried in the end. The lead of Casper Van Dien made me anxious for Steven Seagal's performance in "On Deadly Ground," as his reading was so woody that Woody Woodpecker was thinking of making a special guest on his shoulder. I also noticed that his emotional range is so limited that I got the impression that my kitten was more expressive when he asked for popcorn to eat. The direction was so abysmal that I looked at my nephew's third-grade recital yearning, who had more rhythm and better eyesight and the fact that this movie seems to have been pieced together from the movie franchise mentioned above, did not can even be thought of as a tribute. The FX of the movie was so bad that I thought the director and the producers were environmentally friendly by recycling cheap special effects from horror films of class Z of old. What Robert Wagner, Tom Bosley and Geoffrey Lewis were doing in this film is beyond me and they should look into litigation against their agents for misrepresentation by wrapping them with a movie like that. My warning to everyone and everyone is watching this movie at your own risk as this movie can cause your IQ to decrease with prolonged viewing. On a side note I noticed in IMDb that sometimes the salaries for the movies are published I was wondering if its a way that actors should give the salaries back for their poor performances in such films. Beware and be safe to avoid at all costs.
