The Fallen Ones begins with archaeologist Matt Fletcher (Casper Van Dien) in the desert uncovering the mummified remains of a 42-foot giant, now there's something you do not see every day. Matt is working for real estate developer Morton (Robert Wagner) who wants to build a holiday resort on earth and he calls in colleague archaeologist Angela (Kristen Miller) for reasons I'm not sure. Anyway, the two try to find out what they have at hand when some of the team disappear, Morton calls the security Ammon (Navid Negahban) to deal with the situation. Meanwhile, the old text translator Rabbi Eli Schmidtt (Tom Bosley) translates some ancient text (as he would) and is shocked to learn of an evil prophecy in which these giants will arise and take the world to the Fallen, or something like that at that. It's up to Matt to save the day and the whole planet ... Written and directed by Kevin VanHook, who also has a small role in the film as the former warrior leader at first, I personally thought The Fallen Ones was a terrible movie and it's as simple and straightforward as that. There are so many things that are simply bad about The Fallen Ones, both on a technical and conceptual level, the script does not make much sense and it really does not go until the last odd 20 minutes in that time. I almost lost the will to live. The character is horrible and as clichéd as you like, the dialogue is bad as in very, very bad and the whole film is predictable, I mean will not come as a surprise that Casper Van Dien will save the day is it? It's no big surprise that the mummified giant comes back to life, so why wait until over an hour in the movie, when most of the public will be in some kind of coma. This is bad, really bad. You have been warned. <br /> <br /> Director VanHook does not impress, the fighting scenes are absolutely horrible, and why dress his thugs in a horrible shade of purple? They look naff. To give a little credit, the special effects on the giant mummy itself are really good, although there are not many of them since it does not make an appearance for more than an hour, there are also some normal sized moms who seem to have come straight of the set of The Mummy (1999), unfortunately they are not accustomed to any great effect and in fact they are wasted as a comic relief. The mechanical mummy was a good idea, but it seemed silly and there is no way on Earth that all the people inside can work in sync with each other to operate it, actually the more I think about the more ridiculous the idea is . Forget any fright, tension or atmosphere and do not even think of any gore or violence, because there is none. <br /> <br /> Technically The Fallen Ones is nothing special besides the impressive giant mummy. effects her just to get excited about. The ghost CGI and water effects are terrible, it was made for TV and it's shows. The acting was poor, Wagner looks embarrassed and that's probably the only thing Dien and Bosley can have these days. <br /> <br /> The Innocents is a bad movie, there are not two ways so far. as I'm worried. Not recommended on any level or in any way, one to avoid.
