What I think I'll probably enjoy most about the new Star Wars movie, "Phantom Menace," is that it will probably blow up "Titanic" out of the water if you forgive the pun when it comes to a devastating box office receipts , and thus knock him out of the first place. Every time I hear someone declare that "Titanic" is the biggest movie they have ever seen, I think to myself, "You do not see a lot of movies, do you?" What a farce You can make 50 good movies that are much better than "Titanic", and for the same price. <br /> <br /> "Well, he won many awards from the academy, many people really loved," as one might say in his defense. Well, a lot of people like the Spice Girls and billions and billions of people eat at McDonald's, but that does not mean it's high quality. Yes, millions of Elvis fans may be wrong. <br /> <br /> I'll be the first to admit, that part of the problem for me was the mega-hype about the movie. I waited a month or so to see him and finally he did not live up to the expectations imposed, which simply drew more attention to the astonishingly stupid love story. It is true that "Phantom Menace" will likely suffer a similar fate. but. James Cameron's "Titanic" is. a) a cheese action film disguised as a serious piece of the period. b) a three-hour epic that has the best moments in the trailer. c) a sentimental love story beyond belief or entertainment. d) something went better for the documentarists, which I would have liked much more. e) a film with arrogance that lives up to the level demonstrated with the actual ship. f) a three-hour assault that I will never return, therefore the greatest motivation for a time machine that I can think of. When I meet someone who has not yet seen, I say, "I'd like to change places with you." g) a slap in the face for any genuine victim of hypothermia. How long must we believe that people can be immersed in cold water and yet form intelligible sentences? h) fortunately a movie that was not recognized for any Oscar achievement. i) a technological achievement in cinema, and little else. <br /> <br /> The only reason I posted this as an anonymous comment is that I do not welcome the replica of 10,000 fans of thirteen-year-old Leonardo DiCaprio who undoubtedly come to his defense, and I'm not really interested in hearing a defense of the history of the Titanic, action or duration.
