The tragedy of the doomed Titanic ship has inspired many books and films. The battle between nature and technology has always captured man's imagination. The last film about this tragedy in the Atlantic Ocean was written and directed by famed motion picture filmmaker James Cameron. The story of "Titanic" involves two fictional characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) from different backgrounds (one is a hobo-artist, the other is an aristocrat) and how his love triumphs over the social barriers and tragedy of a ship that sinks they are in the first place. <br /> <br /> First of all, despite using a historical name, this film had little regard for history. The plot was built around two fictional lovers, French diamond and treasure hunters. The death of more than a thousand people on the largest luxury ship of his time became a mere backdrop. Many historical facts were simply forgotten. Where was the radio operator who ignored the iceberg warnings? Why was there no mention of the ship that was only 5 miles away from the Titanic, but did not come to the rescue because its captain could not identify the distress signal? Omitting these facts is an insult to tragedy. And what was the point of giving flavor to this historic disaster with a fictional DIY novel when the story is already as sad as it is. <br /> <br /> The general plot was rather superficial; the rich are equal to greed and corruption, poverty equals compassion and heroism. It's very ironic to spend $ 200 million to make a movie about how money corrupts. There was absolutely no human side shown in anti-heroes. It seemed that Billy Zane was part of the devil. Casting was also very poor. If DiCaprio was 2 centimeters shorter than Winslet, you could swear she was your nanny. The length of the film has been unnecessarily stretched to more than 3 hours. The first hour and a half were wasted on establishing relationships between the characters that were known to the audience long before they went to the theater and the dialogue that was used to do so made it worse. Listening to the sound of "I see you" and "This is my side of the ship" generated more pain than the screams of drowning people. Besides, the jokes were very plentiful and quite idiotic. "Titanic" involved some moving scenes, like the part where the musicians played while the ship sank, but they were not close to anything original. The best thing about this movie was its special effects, and that's the only thing that really deserved a prize. <br /> <br /> Although this film lacked artistic value in a general sense, the public did not resist a starry sentimental story. Romeo (DiCaprio), and so the film became a success. Now, it is safe to say that the industry will hesitate to invest large sums of money into a single film, so it seems that the "Titanic" has achieved something after all.
