ELEPHANT WALK was a completely boring film and I was very happy when finally a herd of elephants invaded the mansion and finished this movie. Considering the money and the cast, you would definitely expect the film to be a lot better, though I also question the strange cast of Dana Andrews as a man who is in love with Elizabeth Taylor. It's not just the age difference, but I just can not see the pair as a couple. Perhaps a bit of this may be the fault of replacing Miss Taylor for Vivian Leigh at the last minute (due to the deteriorating state of mind of Miss Leigh) - although she also finds it difficult to see Andrews and Leigh as well. In addition, for an Englishwoman, Taylor does not even seem to try to use an accent. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Peter Finch and Taylor meeting and getting married in England. His plan is to return to Finch's tea plantation in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) and at first seems like a good life. However, there are no women to talk to and the domestic staff seems to resent it. Also, once at home, Finch behaves like a coarse idiot and Taylor is unhappy. Neighbor Andrews can see this and he declares his eternal passion for her. However, Taylor is not yet ready to abandon her marriage. But over the course of the film, Finch treats Liz more and more like an object, and finally she's ready to leave ... when out of nowhere, cholera hits the plantation. So it's up to Andrews, Finch and Taylor to work together to save the day - although by this point I do not really care, as there is absolutely no chemistry between the characters, the dialogue is very annoying and you can not understand why Taylor does not left her ferret husband days after arriving in this inhospitable hell. <br /> <br /> The film is not particularly appealing or convincing and despite a decent budget from Paramount, the movie is a slow mess. I was particularly surprised that although the film appeared to be filmed on location, many scenes were clearly filmed in a studio with a projected (and grainy) back shot that was not well integrated. In one scene, for example, Taylor, Finch and the lot are sitting on the porch and the grass is bright green. So when the photo cuts people dancing in front of them, the grass is brown! Of course, they really are not in Ceylon in this scene or scene with the giant reclining Buddha. My advice is to skip this or at least keep a pot of coffee close by to keep you awake. Despite its budget, it's not just a very good or inspired movie. By the way, could Miss Taylor have become pregnant during part of this movie? In some scenes (particularly in the beginning) she is wearing wavy clothes, has a double chin and looks swollen. This is not a criticism - after all, women get pregnant! But if you look carefully, you'll see what I mean. <br /> <br /> In addition, the basic plot in many ways is similar to GIANT - a great Taylor movie! It's amazing how the cast and decent direction can do so much.
