This film is a little trash original and unoriginal. I like romantic comedies sometimes. Watching a good one is like eating ice cream for dinner. It is not something that you will do all the time, but the experience is so pleasurable that you can ignore just how foolish you are being. This movie made me think about how stupid I was to continue to remain seated throughout its execution time. All about that shouted made on the cheap. In fact, it looks like they overexposed the film in certain spots that is so faded. It features extravagant CGI and lame sets as well. <br /> <br /> The writing was awkward. I know you can usually expect some trouble in a crazy comedy, but you usually do not care because you're laughing. This movie is so bland that you actually sit there and wonder about the unlikely series of coincidences and completely unbelievable behavior involved. Events were placed on the film just to move the characters from one scene to another or to provide exposure. Of course, this is how all movies work, but you should not realize that this is happening. Unpleasant. That's the term I should use. <br /> <br /> There was almost no one in the movie who was really lovely. I did not care who would end up with whom, as long as everyone was away from me, and I did not have to hear them talk about it any more. Why does the only really cool character in the movie, Paul Rudd's character, want anything to do with the aberration of the completely malicious and condescending control played by Eva Longoria? In addition, almost all the characters involved consistently chose the most sloppy solution for any situation. Does a straight man pretend to be gay for five years just to go out (and bathe with) with a woman he is attracted to? The best moment of well-being that they could have was to approach a happy ending to the same schmoe in which he meets Rudd's equally irritating kleptomaniac sister? Lake Bell and Eva Longoria are very attractive and attractive women. Maybe they'll find something better to show up on the road.
