After arresting the man responsible for the murder of his boss, Deputy Sheriff Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, III, is tasked with bringing the murderer back to Italy. On the way, however, the plane is diverted to Malta. Not long after landing, the killer escapes. Now, with little help from the Maltese police, Deputy Sheriff Geronimo intends to recapture a murderer. But will your "shoot first, take names later" brand of Texas justice work in a foreign country? Let me see that right away, I've seen Final Justice with and without commentary on the Mystery Science Theater 3000. I've seen scenes that have been cut that help make the film a more coherent whole . And I saw the cut TV version that was used for the MST3K. That said, I have to admit that I much prefer the MST3K version. Because? Because Final Justice is a bad movie. Commenting on MST3K helps make it much more palatable. By itself, it is a real snoozer of an action film with tacky dialogues (usually delivered with thick Italian accents that is impossible to understand), poor acting, weak direction, gigantic holes and almost everything else you'll find in a bad movie . And if most of the Final Justice were not "so bad, it's good," it would be a terribly annoying movie about everything else. So yeah, I like the MST3K comment about bad movie on its own. My main points of contention with the MST3K commentary and most of the comments I read about Final Justice, however, involve Joe Don Baker's criticisms. The main weaknesses in Baker's performance, in fact, have nothing to do with their size or with their character's costume choices or any other joke thrown at them. Instead, I think a lot of this has to do with the bad decision to put him in the lead in the first place. Joe Don Baker has always struck me as a decent enough actor, but he is not the kind of guy I would call an "action hero" in any stretch of the imagination. He is more of a partner, as he has demonstrated with solid performances in some James Bond movies. Or if you really want to blame someone for problems with Justice, point the finger at director Greydon Clark. Clark's resume can not begin to compare with Baker. So I say, "Dismiss Joe Don Baker!"
