Joe Don Baker is ... Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, a chubby, sweaty asshole in a stupid cowboy suit Roy Rogers would have laughed at. Somehow, he still has a badge, probably because he lives in Texas and they will let anything be the law enforcement there. <br /> <br /> This greasy loser is a replacement sheriff near the Texas border. Not surprisingly, he was once a Texas Ranger, but was kicked out because he seemed to think the law was his own bouncy ball to be played at his discretion. This includes photographing suspects who are on the international border for Mexico, beating suspects, cheating on gunfights, threatening women, initiating shootings that could have been avoided, and allowing a child's life to be threatened in the process, leaving the women to promise that would help and protect would be killed just so he could get out of jail, etc, etc. This guy makes LA cops look like saints in comparison. <br /> <br /> When his partner is killed by a pair of wandering Italian killers, Joe Don's character chases after them and kills one of them. Then he takes the other to Italy at the behest of a Mr. Wilson, who correctly thinks that Joe Don is going to ruin big time. In record time, he loses the Italian and picks up an exploded Maltese taxi in the process. This is just the first of the many deaths and big destructions that Joe Don leaves on a trail behind him as he travels through Malta looking for Palermo (the Italian killer). <br /> <br /> So begins the mobius strip. the film in which our hero is arrested, taught by the Maltese police chief, leaves and causes more problems, is arrested, is taught by the police chief ... and so on. Until you want to blow your brain with Joe Don's ivory pistol and end the horror. Joe Don proves his worthlessness not only in the first time that Palermo escapes, but in the subsequent chase of boat in which he descends in only one punch. Then he is taken by Palermo after he threatens a woman with a hanger. You expect Palermo to actually torture you in the basement cell he put in, but no-the stripper he threatened came and took him because he promised to protect her. His throat is quickly cut (big surprise) and Joe Don escapes at night. <br /> <br /> And here you expect him to have drowned in (yet another) boat chase. But even the ocean does not want him, and spits him on a beach where he is suckled by a poor Maltese family (what did they do to deserve this?) He returns to the city where he is arrested by the police, ... arrrgghhh! The female police officer who accompanies him releases him so that he can get to Palermo. Why would she do anything so cerebral that destroying her career for that great wolf is beyond me. It's just intriguing scratching head. <br /> <br /> They leave for the village where Palermo is hidden, and start a gunfight. Joe Don cheats and kills Palermo. Then he utters the great and dazzling last line of the film: "The big one has my badge. Can you get it for me?" Thank you for this immortal line, Mr. Baker. This will stay in the annals of film history as the last most literate, wonderful and wonderful line ever uttered by a character in a movie. It certainly aligns with everything else about the character. Angry.
