The baked pot Joe Don Baker (MITCHELL) stars in this 'bland and bland' action movie Deputy Geronimo, a fat skipper who sits in a stupid cowboy suit, listening to country music and eating many donuts. Meanwhile, a vaguely criminal guy named Palermo (played by the guy who owned the drill in Fulci's Gates Of Hell) stumbles into Joe Don's territory and shoots the sheriff in a poorly edited scene. Joe Don- slowly gives chase and offs brother to Palermo after uttering his legendary phrase now "It's your move." "You think you can take me?" "Well, go ahead." For some reason, Joe Don, ("Mr. Palermo has been a major source of embarrassment to the Italian government," says Wilson, another vague character played by Bill McKinney, who was a master at NINJA.) 1, SHE FREAK, and a lot of good films by Clint Eastwood). Anyhoo, Joe Don's plane must land on the island of Malta, where Palermo escapes with the help of a briefcase and a guy who looks like Jon Lovitz During the rest of the film, Joe Don looks for Palermo, loses Palermo, ends up in a prison cell, is shouted by the police chief of Malta, and then is let go with a warning not to look for more Then, Joe Don continues searching for Palermo, loses Palermo, ends up in a cell, is the chief of police of Malta, and then is released with a warning not to look for more in Palermo. Then Joe Don looks for Palermo, loses Palermo, ends up in a prison cell, is shouted by the police chief of Malta, and then is released with a warning not to look for more in Palermo. This is an aggravating movie. <br /> <br /> At one point, it is thought that Joe Don is dead at sea. All the other characters wonder if he is dead or not, finally concluding that he is. But then he appears (he was rescued by a poor family) and no one mentions the fact that he has been missing at sea for several days. Even his handsome partner, Julia Louise-Dreyfuss-esque does not get him back. She does, however, offer to help him find Palermo, then Joe Don searches for Palermo, loses Palermo, ends up in a prison cell, is shouted by the police chief of Malta, and then releases a warning not to seek Palermo anymore. . The highlights include a bizarre carnival with strange colored floats, some sexy strippers, a shooting involving a boy dressed as Napoleon And a cart of tomatoes, a chase scene involving a guy dressed as a monk and any scene without Joe Don. Lowpoints include Joe Don threatening a stripper with a hanger. <br /> <br /> It should be noted that this is from Greydon Clark, director of ANGEL'S REVENGE, who appears as the sheriff. Ick! <br /> <br />
