I note from the comments that most of the people who are discussing this movie are basing their observations on the MST3K view. That's fair enough (that is, after all, how it got its biggest exposure), but having had the misfortune to see "Final Justice" in its original form, I'd just like to share some thoughts and comments about the version Without cuts. Firstly, it should be admitted that the original version is somewhat more coherent than the MST3K broadcast, due mainly to an expository scene between Rossano Brazzi and Venantino Venantini (I COULD use the names of the characters instead of the actors, but I love to type the words "Venantino Venantini"), explaining why Venantini's fugitive character can not simply leave Malta immediately. (It's not a very CONVINCENT point of view, but at least the filmmakers tried to cover it up.) Whether this scene was cut off only by time or because it did not provide much basis for riffs, I do not know. Another plot point missing from the original: The betrayal of Venantini's stripper Venantini to Joe Don Baker, apparently unmotivated in the MST3K version, is explained by an earlier, extremely unpleasant scene in which Venantini rapes her in the shower. While it gives you a reason to turn against him, the whole scenario is really ... disgusting. (There is no other word for this.) Some of the MST's worthy moments (the truncated perpetual shouts of "Son of a--" and the sheriff's "deja vu") were purely the result from the TV edition they worked on, and were absent from the original movie. <br /> <br /> A scene that I would have liked to have done in the MST3K version: Before entering the bar to question some people Joe Don asks that the accompanying Maltese police officer stay outside because "they see this uniform, will not cooperate. " However, Joe Don himself is wearing his ridiculous sheriff-cowboy outfit with a brilliant badge! I can not imagine why they spent such a great opportunity to make fun of him ... One final remark about the untitled original version of "Final Justice": Why, oh, why, did they feel the need to put Venantino Venantini's butt on the screen?
