Witty. Peculiar Genuine. Surreal Butterfly wings? One might wonder what all these words describe best, and some (those merging with the international film community) can quickly say Happenstance, but others may jump on the more American train and scream at once, The Butterfly Effect. Strangely enough, I would be one of those screaming for that sci-fi Kutcher movie mainly because none of those words I initially mentioned at the beginning of this paragraph accurately describes Tautou's trait I witnessed. Of course, we all love her in Amelie and we think she was the daughter of Jesus in The Da Vinci Code, but in this movie the director for the first time (for a feature film, at least) Laurent Firode does not give Tautou the opportunity to shine . Unfortunately, he does not give anyone the opportunity to really speak out, because he is very gently trapped in the "random chance" moments of bringing that movie to anything except just a glow (never a real boil). Firode has a lot, and I use "ample" as a little word, moments throughout this movie where he could have built us a fantastic story, a genuinely capricious fairy tale of love and coincidence, but instead he fell on his face in a mud -Bucket of chaotic entanglement that oppressed us with inconsistent characters and a story that left us panting for less. <br /> <br /> Tautou's handsome face adorns the cover of this box, but do not be so taken immediately as I did in assuming that this would be another monumental trip to the French cinema of Tautou. Tautou is in this movie, do not get me wrong, but one could argue that she is not at the center of this story. Firode's work is to create a series of random events that will eventually lead to a friendly (though confusing) ending that exemplifies the meaning of the refreshing "melodrama." It totally fails completely. Firode fails, giving us, the audience, many characters. With many characters, he gives us many random interventions, and in the end you do not care who is who, or what is what, or how it is; his main focus will be centered only on the final credits and the destination time of his arrival. Tautou could have saved this movie from disaster if only Firode had given it the center. Unfortunately, he did not try, but tried to force a group of 12 through a theoretical film hole the size of a penny. It just did not work and we got a jam on which we were completely stuck. Firode fails because he focuses so intensely on the minor details that for one of those rare occurrences of films he really forgets the central focus. I can say that there was no central focus set on Happenstance. At first he tries to create one with our two supposed main characters discovering that they share the same birthday and his horoscope promises love in the moonlight, but we never go back to it during the movie. Instead, again, we are bombarded with new characters, muffled scenes and nonsensical nonsense, obviously chosen to move us away from a real story and more into a world full of "ses, ands and buts." I could not do that. I could not believe this movie. Writer Firode (yes, the same guy driving this crap) uses such primitive technique in this film that I immediately felt like stopping it immediately. He must have assumed that many of us were unable to actually follow the plot (or the scientific premise) because he catches the help of a homeless person to fill in the blanks. I did not need that, nor did I think Firode needed to disparage his audience on this subject. Although there were other elements that did not seem to work for me (again, it looked like a confused Paris collage of shredded paper), this was the icing on the cake. I do not need my hand through movies. <br /> <br /> I'll give this movie a star for credit. This is a very difficult genre to master successfully. Time travel movies are especially difficult because of the countless possibilities that are never accounted for, but with Happenstance it works because Firode semi-explores the different ways. While I will respond by saying that he does not do well, he has made at least five full minutes of fun. I liked where Firode was going with this movie, it had a genuinely schematic history, but the final execution ended up spoiling this movie. Firode could have saved this film if he had strengthened his characters while clarifying his premise and story. I think my general mood of this movie would have changed if only those two simple directions had been taken. Oh how I wish I could travel back in time to the production of this movie to show Firode the mistakes of his ways. <br /> <br /> Overall, for the first time (and probably for the last time), this was a Tautou. movie that I must say totally disappointed me. From the hectic opening to the apathetic end, I felt that Happenstance failed due to Firode's leadership and horrific marketing. Marketing is something I did not mention before, but why would anyone buy this movie thinking it was an Amelie 2 (for the title released in Hong Kong), and why would you put Tautou directly on the cover knowing full well that she was not carrying this movie . I believe that from the first minute I spent on my DVD player, this movie was in tatters. As I applauded his subject, everything else was well below the level of mediocrity. I can not suggest this movie to anyone. <br /> <br /> Grade: * out of *****
