I am an avid fan of violent filmmaking, who would never attack a movie for being violent or disturbing. I consider the "Cannibal Holocaust" a masterpiece and I will always defend controversial films like "Woman's Day" or "Last House on the Left" as genuine classics. Anyone who browses through comments from other users will realize that I am really very violent when it comes to movies. However, I think there should be at least some point for violence. This piece of crap does not make any sense. The first film of the notorious "Guinea Pig" series, "The Devil's Experiment" (1985), is widely controversial, but, unlike many other controversial films, this stink has nothing to recommend. I must say that before I saw any of the Guniea-Pig movies, I already had the feeling that I would hate this, knowing what it was about. Due to his status as one of the most controversial films in the world, I decided I had to see it. I'm so glad I wasted no money on this pile of junk, and I sure wish I wasted no time on it. <br /> <br /> The story of this thing (I do not even want to call it 'movie'): it does not have one. Three worms torture a woman to death for some excruciating 40 minutes. That's it. There is no artistic value, no "shocking" story, no suspense; anything. Simply the disbelief that a movie that shows NOTHING, except for a woman being tortured for no reason, enjoys a huge cult of followers. It's disturbing, I give it. Of course it's disturbing to watch a torture video for 40 minutes. What is more disturbing, however, is the fact that many people actually seem to consider this pile of junk as a kind of masterpiece. I really can not understand why. The fact that the bloody effects seem realistic may not be the reason, I hope. The girl who plays the victim is not a very good actor, and reacts very calmly to all the torture. This makes the film look less realistic, which is, in this case, a good thing. This is a movie that is falling sick; not by its blood, but by its redundancy, its existence for the sole purpose of showing 40 minutes of torture. <br /> <br /> I strongly oppose any form of censorship. As this is 100% false and no one was injured during its production, it is legitimate to make such a film. However, I can not think of a single reason why anyone would like this, other than the morbid desire to watch the suffering and the pleasure of torture. The sequence of the film "Flowers of Flesh and Blood" gained notoriety when actor Charlie Sheen confused with a real film and informed the FBI. Luckily, the movie turned out to be fake. Overall, "The Devil's Experiment" is a fake torture / snuff film that seems to have the sole purpose of appearing as close as possible to a true snuff film. <br /> <br /> "The Devil's Experiment" is one of the Worst Movies I've ever had the misfortune to sit on. Do not torture yourself by giving this piece of crap a try for your controversial status. Do yourself a favor and avoid it. Zero stars out of 10, I wish there was a negative scale to properly evaluate this pile of junk.
