David Mamet's film debut has been hailed by many as a true thinker film, a film that makes you question everyone and everything. I first saw it recently and could not understand what should be so good about it. <br /> <br /> The film is about a psychologist named Margaret who is also a bestselling author. Margaret was disillusioned with her profession and her inability to really help anyone. She tries to correct this by helping to resolve her patient's debt with a shark named Mike (played by Joe Mantegna, who is the only reason to watch this movie). She discovers that Mike is really a man of professional confidence when she almost falls victim to a coup he pulls right after meeting her. Intrigued, she comes back to see him and asks him to show how the crooks operate (she plans to use it as the subject of a new psychology book). She then falls in love with him and accompanies him in a long relationship with him and his associates. <br /> <br /> I do not feel like going into details, but at the end of the movie it is revealed that the events throughout the film were a coup devised by Mike and his cronies to rob Margaret for $ 80,000. First of all, the big turnaround at the end was very predictable. Any scene where the swindlers were operating was very obvious from the theatrical performance and the weird line. Not only that, but the audience (and the main character) knows they're dealing with crooks, so is it really a big surprise when we find out that Margaret was cheated? In addition, Margaret is supposed to be an intelligent psychologist who specializes in reading people, but she is easily fooled - and keep in mind that she knows full well that Mike is a con man. <br /> <br /> Secondly, we are led to believe that Margaret was cheated from the start, but for the cheater to work, she had to do several things the crooks could not have predicted she would do. First, she had to decide to help solve her patient's debt by allowing her to meet the cheaters in the first place. If she had not done so, all the deceit would have failed. I just have to say that it is rather irrational to assume that a psychologist will take on the responsibility of settling a patient's debt. Not only that, but what are the chances that the crooks were in the right place the very night she decided to show up? Did they just show up at that bar every night, waiting for her to come and see them? Another thing that had to happen that could not have been predicted is that Margaret had to go back to see Mike again and ask her to teach her the tricks of her craft. What are the chances of this happening? And yet, the whole scam is based on this premise. <br /> <br /> Another problem I had was with the ending. Margaret finds out she was cheated and decides to get revenge on Mike. At first, Mamet leads us to believe that she will cheat, but that ends, so the end is that she is shooting at Mike in the baggage area of ​​the airport. Somehow this seemed a clumsy and inept way of closing a movie about crooks who wielded their craft. Not only that, but she did not even take back the money he stole from her. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, the film leaves you feeling empty and unsatisfied. And if you, like me, predicted in advance that Margaret would be deceived, will find this revelation equally unsatisfactory.
