I was seriously looking forward to seeing this movie because it looked really promising from the next attractions: Jim Carrey with divine powers was an idea that definitely worked for me. As a big fan, I was sure he would be in his element with such a promising premise, and what could go wrong? Yesterday, my bubble exploded on a large scale, boys and girls, because I saw the movie. The first act (where he is created that he hates his life, he is a disgruntled employee, and a most unhappy camper with an ax to grind against God) is useful, the second act (where he is summoned by God on the phone and greets Mighty Ones) is GREAT - Carrey begins to amuse herself with her new 'toys' and is a pleasure to watch, very funny. But the third act is deplorable beyond belief. <br /> <br /> The putrefaction begins after the dinner scene between Bruce and his girlfriend Grace (Jennifer Aniston, who goes EXCELLENTLY well in this movie, considering that her part is merely a plot device; even her name smells the insubmit) - she thinks he's going to ask "the question," but tells him (on his knees) that he's finally getting his news anchor job, and is not that exciting? <br /> <br /> She does not think so. She wants him to marry her, see, so she ends up leaving him, see, though she still LOVES him a lot, see, and the rest of the movie is spent beating us in the head with a pathetic as well as heavy. He delivered the cliché of spiritual sounds after the next, until in the end I was praying as well. . .to finish. <br /> <br /> I did not mind the lack of subtlety in the first two acts (an example - in the second act, after he receives his powers, Bruce enters the room singing "And if God were one of us, just a slobber like one of us, "blah blah blah), and I was even willing to ignore the incredible amount of contradictions being thrown at us (for liberators, Morgan Freeman - a / k / a GOD - tells Bruce that he may not violate anyone's free will, but it does, a lot). These choices were forgivable - this is a Jim Carrey comedy directed by Tom Shadyac - it's not The Remains of the Day. Or rather, it was supposed to be a comedy. When writers lose their sense of this (in the dreaded act 3) and try to turn the process into some sort of message film, what we have is hell on earth. Bruce realizes the error of his selfish ways, he realizes that GRACE is his saving grace - I have to say - and that his priorities in life had been severely misunderstood. All of this could have been transmitted in a much less weighty manner, however. The film did not have to enter the dumper to make those points. Unfortunately, the screenwriters and Shadyac apparently had no idea how to solve the story intelligently, light-handed, so they followed the bang-in-the-heads route in the hope that we would not notice. They even made some surprisingly bland endings in the end, hoping that this would lessen the bad taste. It did not work for me.
