Jim Carrey is one of the funniest and most talented comedians in today's cinema. With his overactive spontaneity and rubber face, he can just go crazy and we love him for it. He has the ability to make mediocre comedies (Ace Ventura ward), and turn them into decent comedic rides. Or, in the case of 'Liar Liar', make them some of the most hilarious contemporary comedies in the world. Carrey also proved to be able to deal with dramas. He was excellent in 'Man on the Moon' and 'The Truman Show'. The guy is remarkable. <br /> <br /> Next comes 'Bruce Almighty,' an ideal vehicle for Carrey, and a premise that should have worked; Carrey, after complaining about God and how his life smells bad, is empowered with the powers of God. However, the script is pure recycled junk. Now, no matter how bad a screenplay, Carrey's improvisation sometimes makes a funny dull scene. The problem is that there are very few opportunities for Carrey to be released because much of the comedy is based on silly special effects, just a few of which are fun. Carrey is rarely able to improvise because she needs to work around special effects. The writers apparently thought that all of these special effects and superpower sequences were funny, because the rest of the film is simply a complement, giving Carrey nothing more to work than a whiner character who is absolutely humorless. It looks more like a five-year longing for our attention, wanting the viewer to find what he's doing funny when it's really boring. <br /> <br /> I've always liked Jennifer Aniston in 'Friends' and she was excellent in 'The Good Girl' last year. She also has a gift for comedy, but with the script as linear as it is, she simply gets the bitter girlfriend's share. She seems annoying, grumpy, and there is no chemistry between the two stars. "Bruce Almighty" should have been a comedy that works. But he does not even have the courage to approach the subject that is making fun; religion. A few little giggles (his internet is Yehweh), but instead, it's just turned into a comedy of comic superpower. Not to mention that the tone changes from silly to heavy, and even black comedy sometimes. The film fails on almost every level. This is not to see that it is totally devoid of laughter, but it is close. Any movie that feels the need to incorporate scenes of a dog peeing to have its laughs has problems. But, hey, if you find funny jokes, go ahead. <br /> <br />
