When I read the movie summary, something like what happens when a man receives powers from a God, and as he later discovers that having supernatural powers requires gigantic responsibility and strength, I found it to be a clever and original concept. Casting was promising too, Carrey, Freeman, Aniston ... How can the movie with a good idea and good actors, not to mention the filming costs, can be bad? You can. The idea is good, but the script and the story itself are terrible. Bruce Nolan is, let's be honest, a very mediocre journalist, with not exactly great stories (like the story of a giant cookie, what a faux pas and the Niagara report is a complete fiasco!), He's a man with a job that he completely MERECE (he's not a good journalist, he's a comedian), considering his potentials, with a good home, sweet girlfriend, and OH HORROR !!!! Dog that is not trained at home !!! Yes, so Bruce, at the beginning of the movie begins to address GOd in a "God, why do you hate me!" way, the average viewer should think, "Why, what's wrong with your life, Bruce?" Bruce is not, and definitely NOT the man with real problems in life. Most of the problems that happen to him are minor and are not worth all this mess he does, and some of them are just the result of his stupidity. Most people have really big problems, worthy of attention, most people deserve attention that Bruce, who does not look very human, does not look realistic, nor goofy nor neurotic, but God still addresses him. Because? Although Morgan Freeman looks beautiful as a god, I can not help but wonder what he is doing in this particularly bad movie. And what does Bruce do when God gives him his powers? God in this movie could easily give his powers to a 5-year-old and there would hardly be any difference. No, wait, an intelligent boy would probably use his powers of God better than Bruce. What does Bruce do? Pull the moon closer to the earth to create a romantic atmosphere, separate the red soup, lift the dress of a beautiful woman on the street, answer the prayers by email and make them all come to pass !!!! No more, Bruce, please! What Bruce did really did away with the world, but in the movie, this does not happen, because that's "good, family, little movie" and it does not make any sense !!! Not a hint of sarcasm, of real humor, of lightness, of some dirty humor, at least !!! Anything. Only Carrey playing silly, which is starting to look pathetic on a middle-aged actor. Aniston here is underestimated. She plays the pale and undeveloped character of Bruce's girlfriend, Grace, and remains completely forgettable in this film. No one in good judgment would believe they had any chemistry between them. When Grace says that prayer for Bruce sounds not only lame and pathetic, but completely false. These two are not meant to be together. I would give three stars, but I doubt the movie deserves one. Bad script, lame dialogues, lack of real humor, insight and any sophistication, as well as underdeveloped characters and discrete roles of Freeman and Aniston, total lack of daring and sarcasm, everything hinders the film. But OK, there have been a few funny moments, and Freeman is always good to see in any movie so let's leave three stars.
