I saw this movie in its first week in 1975. I was 13 years old and at the time I found it appropriate and a little fun. I then discovered the WORLD of Doc Savage through the Bantam novels of Pulp magazine's old stories. I had no idea at all of this about Doc's realm, but quickly I became one of the most avid Doc Savage fans you could ever meet. I read (and still own) all Bantam books, I started to go to the cons of comics (along with Star Trek and Doctor Who and all sorts of fat kids' events) and had a blast with every adventure I did with Doc and O ORIGINAL Fab 5. Book of Philip Joseph Farmer - Doc Savage's Apocalyptic Life has become a bit of a Bible to me and to this day I have very good feelings about my Ph.D. phase. In saying this, I have to admit, years later, that this movie really missed the boat. It's a movie that did not know what it wanted to be when it grew up. The script was childish and had little resemblance to the history of the pulp. These stories of the 1930s were short, and if we look at Lester Dent's (AKA Kenneth Robeson) sketch to write them, they split into PERFECT 3 Act dramas screaming for screen treatment. One would think that with George Pal and Michael Anderson in charge, it would have been better. The elements of the parody miss the mark and the most serious moments almost get there, but then fall short. It is interesting to note, however, that they hired second-line characters (guys who were really just small players and extras before the movie) who all get on very well. Paul Gleason, of course, became a good utility player in every facet of entertainment, and Bill Lucking is a television perennial. Everything else fell from the map with sadness. I would like to have a copy of this film as it is the only film version of my hero, but I fear not watching much because it is very painful. I'd say 0, but I give 2 of 10 instead of some of the period art directions (Doc's answering machine in the end was a nice touch) and the cast of 3 stingers having a moment in the sun.
