I dug it and watched it tonight. I honestly think it must have been 20 years since I last saw it. I remember being a seriously flawed movie. I do not remember being so bad !!!!! <br /> <br /> I am absolutely amazed that a project with so much potential has been treated so reprehensibly. Who am I to blame for this? The 2 guys who wrote (and I use that word loosely) the script? The casting directors who so terribly failed at least 3 main characters in the story? (Only 2 of them are among the "incredible 5".) The director, who clearly refused to take him seriously, and kept pushing a horrible song over bad writing and bad acting everywhere? (I liked the theme song - but it should never have been used throughout the movie!) Don Black, who should have ASHAMED in some of the lyrics he wrote for this song? <br /> <br /> I think I should do it less than a week after re-reading the comic book adaptation. The first 15-20 minutes of the movie more or less (actually LESS) paralleled the first edition of the comic book. While I was watching tonight, I kept wondering - why was almost every detail changed? The doctor appeared, then used the wristwatch to open the safe, and the sniper's bullet was missing from him by 5 inches, because the refraction glass was the only thing that remained the same. I mean, if you're going to make an "adaptation", why in the name of God change everything ??? <br /> <br /> Once they leave Doc's HQ, virtually NOTHING is like it was in the comics (which, given Roy Thomas, I think probably follows the book). I read somewhere that they actually combined elements of two different novels into one movie. Again-- WHY? I heard that it was changed because they could not guarantee the kind of budget they wanted. I look at the movie, and I think ... Lack of money in no way explains what I saw on the screen !! <br /> <br /> You know, when people complain about Joel Schumacher, they should really take a look at this thing. The best thing I can say is, I think it would be a great double feature with the 1966 BATMAN feature - and probably a great triple-bill with that and the 1980's FLASH GORDON. All 3 movies are "dumb." Maybe we can "blame" the 1966 film (and TV series) for that. Some fans have complained over the years that Adam West's BATMAN has ruined the image of comics in the minds of generations of non-comic fans. I think the same could be said for Hollywood. I remember how many really BAD films based on "classic" characters were made over the years, especially (it seems to me) in the late 70's and early 80's. Charlie Chan, Fu Manchu, Tarzan, Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, the Lone Ranger - all "murdered" by Hollywood types who think, "Oh, comics! So you know it's STUPID!" More like they are the "stupid". What a waste of potential. <br /> <br /> Let me tell you some good things ... Despite the script and the direction, Ron Ely is great. When I read a story from DOC SAVAGE, I do not think of James Bama's paintings, I think of Ely. Bill Lucking (who later was regular on THE A-TEAM) is fantastic. Eldon Quick (which I've seen elsewhere, but can not remember where) is fantastic. Paul Gleason - which I absolutely hated with a passion and revenge in THE BREAKFAST CLUB ("teachers" as what he played should be banned from teaching anywhere), may be the best of the "incredible 5" in the film. Pamela Hensley - although her part was almost unrecognizable from the original story - is great. Before she let go of her hair, I also realized that she looked like a hell of a lot like "Ardala Valmar" from those awful John Calkins BUCK ROGERS strips that I just read the other day. She has a big nose like Ardala - only not so pronounced. The Ardala comics actually looked more like the 1936 movie, Princess Aura - or Cher. Or maybe Streisand. Take your pick. (Ardala actually had plastic surgery on George Tuska's strips-- then she was gorgeous!) <br /> <br /> Paul Wexler, funny enough, I saw last week in an episode of GET SMART. I wonder if he was similar to the character he should be playing? I do not know, because this character certainly was not in the movie from which the film takes the title.
