After the Watergate, Vietnam, and the dark days of the Nixon and Jimmy Carter ages, what the world needed was a good, old-fashioned chapter hero taking venomous and evildoers in America in 1936 or in the jungles of South America in series . of fantastic cliffhanging adventures. Unfortunately, what happened in 1975 was Doc Savage, The Man of Bronze. Perhaps the best that can be said of the final film by the legendary producer George Pal is that his often beautifully designed but unfortunately flat adaptation of Kenneth Robeson's paper novels probably caused George Lucas and Phil Kaufman to leave the theater and say, "We can do better than this," and adding a whip, a battered Fedora and some much-needed character flaws to the mix. <br /> <br /> A big part of the problem is that Doc Savage is even harder to write for than Superman? explorer, adventurer, philanthropist, a scientific and intellectual genius in the bronzed body of a bullet-proof Greek god and with a Greek muscle (or rather the TV Tarzan form, Ron Ely, a tedious clone of Charlton Heston here), there is nothing he can not do and, more damagingly, nothing that can harm him. Man is the virtual incarnation of Hitler's Arian Ubermensch (not surprising that the DVD is only available in Germany!), Although with totally American values. And just in case there is ever something that he has forgotten (not that there is ever) he does not have one but five helpers in his entourage, the (less than) Fabulous Five. A chemist, an electrician and even an archeologist that I can accept, and somehow I could go so far as to see the possible need for a construction engineer, but what kind of hero takes a criminal lawyer with him in his adventures In fact, Doc's brain confidence was probably added because with the hero so tiresomely invulnerable and practically perfect in all respects? even Kryptonite would not ruin it - there had to be somebody at risk in the stories, although, with the exception of Paul Gleason, everyone was so terribly malicious and exaggerated (like most parts of the movie) you'd fortunately kill him, all during the opening titles. The villains do not do better, with Paul Wexler exuding all the threat of a geography professor as Captain of the Seas, Scott Walker (not a different one) exhibiting one of the worst film accents (it's to be Scottish, Irish, Welsh, Greek , Pakistani or some nationality no one has ever heard of?), While Marilyn Monroe-ish, Robyn Hilton's blond girl, gives Paris (unkind) a run for her money in the bimbo stateless talent. <br /> <br /> Even with these disadvantages, this should have been a lot better than considering the various ingredients ?? lost tribes, a pool of gold, a dogfight with a biplane and a deadly poison that comes to life, all wrapped up in a quest to find out why Doc's father was murdered. Unfortunately, it's a matter of tone: in the 1960s and 1970s, cellulose superheroes were not figures prone to next-gen action and special effects, but were treated as comic figures of low-budget camping fun with scenes of action quickly. After all, as a belated reflection, the films aimed purely at the matinee market: you know, for children. Has it been rumored for a long time that the original cut was more straightforward? and certainly much of the value of the camp was added in post-production, whether the Colgate glow in Doc's eye, the comic legends identifying various styles of fighting in the final dust with Captain Seas or the lyrics of John Black to John Philip Patriotic Marches de Sousa? but a lot was in the movie to begin with. After all, it's hard to see how one of the villain's subordinates making phone calls from a giant crib was never intended to be anything but a joke that falls, while Doc's explanation to Pamela Hensley about why he never dates girls can be a scene written for Adam West's Batman. Instead, the funniest moments are usually purely unintentional, like Doc's showing his sixth sense as he swings his Adam's apple. Perhaps an even bigger problem is that while promising on paper, the action is handled in an almost relentlessly mundane way, whether it is chasing a native killer on the roofs of New York skyscrapers or escaping from a yacht full of bandits. Even the winning notion of bright green snakes spinning in the air while poisoning their victims does not elicit any enthusiasm from director Michael Anderson: having demonstrated his own invulnerability a few scenes before, Doc manages to dispatch them with no more than a chair. and an electric fan simply pulling the curtains over them. <br /> <br /> Still, in addition to Doc's various vehicles, all stamped with their logo and looking like more molded plastic than bronze, the production design is pretty much the same. It's pretty obvious that LA is in New York, while Fred Koenekamp's cinematography ensures that the film often looks good despite the low budget. And it's good to see a superhero movie that does not spend most of its run time on an origin story, even though it bears the suspicion that Doc came completely from Zeus's own hips. <br /> <br /> It's a movie that I really like to like more, but it seems like 100 minutes of missed opportunities. No wonder Doc Savage, the Arch Enemy of Evil, the continuation so optimistically promised in the final credits, never happened.
