I was fortunate enough to meet George Pal (and still have my DS poster: TMOB autographed by him) at a convention right after the launch, and asked why he chose to make the movie "camp." Before he could respond, two studio girls intercepted and gave me a talk about how the studio "knew best" and how "no one would take this movie seriously." I've been reading the Bantam reprints for a couple of years thanks to a friend (ComiCon participants in the 1970s will remember Blackhawk and his band? I've been in a few years with him), and had higher hopes of what we got The flacks insisted that no great adventure was to be done seriously, and so doing the "camp" was the only way. Several other fans jumped on my side, with Pal listening the best I could. At the end of the small event, Pal came up to us and apologized, wishing he could have done more and better. STAR WARS put the lie in the flacks, and a year after Pal's death, Spielberg and Lucas proved that Doc Savage could easily have been the next big movie franchise ... were it not for the flacks . <br /> <br /> Rip the memory or the story of Doc, and the movie would have been worth a rating of 6/10 as nothing more than a mindless popcorn vendor. <br /> <br /> But destroying the legacy like this was no less an abomination than killing a baby in the crib. Doc Savage may still appear onscreen and survive the inevitable comparisons of the ill-informed Indiana Jones but it would have to be done with all seriousness and seriousness to regain the glory we should expect from the First American Superhero . <br /> <br /> SIDENOTES: Yes, there was a second screenplay of ARCHENEMY OF EVIL, and it's much more serious. Yes, there were simultaneous filming, but mainly the creation of plans and very little with the actors. And, yes, there is a single sheet of Ron Ely jumping over a brick wall and throwing something over his shoulder with a specially constructed bronze pistol. Ely is wearing a mop over a white shirt button with a bronze tie, and the words "DOC SAVAGE: ARCHENYM OF EVIL ... Coming next summer!" POSTSCRIPT: If anyone knows the studios that accompanied George Pal in 1975 to San Diego for the convention, beat the idiots on the side of the head and call them idiots they are. At the time, they were doing dorkknobs and Fu Manchu in stripes and wide canvas pants, and carrying portfolios of Paramount.
