There is nothing incredible about 'The Amazing Mr Williams'. Part of the problem with this movie is its lead actor, Melvyn Douglas. He was a bad actor and lazy about it. For most of his career, he allowed his good-looking, simplistic manner and (usually, but not in this film) some refined script to outweigh his lack of acting ability. I did not like Douglas as an actor before I knew something about him as a person; I learned enough about him to know that I also despise his politics. I credit Melvyn Douglas for one thing: her chromosomes produced the incredibly talented and sexy actress Illeana Douglas. <br /> <br /> Melvyn Douglas made this movie right after the brilliant 'Ninotchka' ... talk about a descent! 'The Amazing Mr Williams' is supposed to be a comedy, but I've never laughed. Douglas plays a plain-clothes detective on the homicide squad named Kenny Williams. I've never heard of a police detective named Kenny, but if they called him Kenneth Williams ... well, what a carry-on. The whole town is panicking because a serial killer is going on, killing women. No reason is given for this; he just likes to kill women. The mayor (Jonathan Hale, better than usual) calls Williams on the rug to explain his failure to catch the killer. <br /> <br /> APPROACHING SPOILERS. The cheap, vulgar, untalented and unattractive Joan Blondell plays the mayor's secretary. (She does not seem literate enough to present a letter, let alone enter one.) Blondell and Douglas fight like a cat and a dog, so it's blatantly obvious that they'll end up together. <br /> <br /> At the lowest point of the film, Melvyn Douglas decides to take the killer by dressing as a woman. You do not want to see Melvyn Douglas in the drag! He's over five feet tall and does not even scratch that irritating mustache. William Blowell, who had the same style, was an actor very much like Melvyn Douglas (but much more talented). When Powell disguised himself as a woman in 'Love Crazy', he had the integrity of shaving his mustache: a genuine sacrifice, as Powell needed him to grow back into his next role. But Melvyn Douglas brings nothing to his role in this film, not even a razor. He plays his drag scenes with the same annoying smile he has used throughout most of his career. On the plus side, 'The Amazing Mr Williams' has several of these splendid players who have made Hollywood movies. the 30's are so nice. Edward Brophy is brilliant here, moving and funny as a criminal who receives an unlikely license of his life sentence. The dyspeptic Donald MacBride is just like a cop who is mistaken for the killer and is almost lynched by a crowd. Ruth Donnelly is splendid: as usual for her, but here she has the chance to show off her talents away from her usual orbit at the Warner Brothers backlot. Jimmy Conlin, Luis Alberni, and the smiling Dave Willock are fine in small roles. Barbara Pepper (which I usually do not like) is also good here. The grossly unpleasant Maude Eburne gets some screen time; I always hate her, and she gives the same performance in every movie ... but some audiences like the performance of an Eburne note, for reasons I can not understand. <br /> <br /> If you're familiar with 1930s Hollywood character actors, and the roles they tend to play, a look at the cast list of IMDb will tell you who the killer is. That's the problem with 'The Amazing Mr Wiliams': everything is too obvious. I will rate this movie 2 points out of 10.
