Even if you're a big fan of Sandler, do not worry about this extremely disappointing comedy! I bought this movie for $ 7.99, presuming it has to be at least half decent since my man Sandler is in it and because I assumed some women would be naked (judging by the R rating and scantily clad women on the cover). Well, there are some half-naked women, but none of them get naked. I'm not sure how much that was in Sandler's career, but I believe it was even before his SNL days. I could be wrong. This is like watching one of your home movies. He can look back on an extravagant movie like this and reminisce about the good old days ... but we (the audience) are left to dry. This is hardly a "movie"! Sandler talks a lot with the camera, and even admits at one point that this is a "budget-less" movie (that's right, not a low-budget film, a film with no budget). So our work is too cute to laugh at the quirky characters. There is no constant plot, it's like an extended sketch comedy program - but a crude and poorly written sketch. That guy who played the nasty comedian was completely boring and it was implausible, first of all, that he would get such a big audience. And Sandler finds his comic inspiration saying Henny Youngman's classic line, "Take my wife, please," and the audience is on the floor? I will not even try to make any logic here. Of course, Sandler's current and recent films are not known to make much sense (the penguin in "Happy Gilmore" Happy Dwarf Billy Madison), but the comedy works. This is strictly amateurish work, and even if you're curious about Adam's early days at the movies - you still will not be interested. You'd better check your SNL start or maybe your understated role in "Mixed Nuts". Of course, the Sandman is not the only actor wasted in this ungrateful vehicle. Billy Bob Thornton also makes a small appearance, Billy Zane ("Titanic") has a supporting role and the great Burt Young (of the films "Rocky") plays a significant role. <br /> <br /> This horrible comedy will probably be picking up dust in the 99 cent rental section of your local rental store - and rightly so. My score: 3 (out of 10)
