Hollywood has now officially gone too far and I really hope this farce in a movie creates a genuine reaction against its bad machines, despite good box office returns. If you are an industry person reading our comments looking for tips on what to do next, STOP. Stop making our TV shows with those disgusting, stupid movies that steal the waste of time. In doing so, you are proving one thing: Hollywood is without ideas, and seeing the films it produces only perpetuates the cycle of loathing. What's Next - Will You Go and Spoil The Bionic Man? <br /> <br /> The film is simply wrong, and it manages to make the most stupid and simple fact of the show totally incorrect forgetting (or ignoring that Bo and Luke Duke, by Tom Wopat and John Schneider, were They were arrested, they learned their lesson, they went straight, and they were there to help people and to be good neighbors who happened to shoot arrows with dynamite tip of hunting arches and directed like Steve McQueen. Pyle was also the moral center of the family, always insisting that the Boys did good, even at their own expense or embarrassment, while he made sandwiches and coffee for when the chores were done. I wanted to be more like them than we were, like.My favorite trick of the show was how they always buckled their seatbelts before they roared, which was apparent to me too moral for this movie. Turning the Duke family into a malicious, clever, criminal pack, hawkish taunt, misogynist losers the movie has no moral point of view, where the show was about how honest or incorruptible the Dukes were - The boys Duke in this movie should they be good boys? I wanted to punch them in the nose. They seem to have plenty of free time on their hands that could be spent doing farm tasks and ending up with less noble goals if not acting like a pair of 14-year-olds who did not grow up. There should be no use of marijuana, nor look at the lush, lush breasts and their breasts, nor mischief involving the Brothers in Little Hats. This all seems like the work of a marketing consultant who did a mall survey of what 14-year-olds like to see in the movies. The problem is that 14-year-olds can not remember the program, IMHO should not be watching this movie either, and parents who feel nostalgic for the show will be disgusted with what writers, directors and producers have done with our collective memories just for we separate ourselves from our money, which is exactly how I feel. What were they thinking ??? <br /> <br /> And the boy made * EVER * stay with Daisy wrong. Jessica Simpson all dressed up as a shopping prostitute Pamela Anderson may be the only reason for anyone to see this disgrace but you can meet her needs nicely by downloading some promotional stills from her by printing them and pinning them on the wall in a bathroom. She is hardly in the movie (which is the only saving grace of the movie), and the ten minutes they used it were still excessive. Catherine Bach's Daisy may have the same type of shorts, and long legs make people feel funny just by looking at her, but the Daisy she touched was a * PERSON *. The falls she provoked simply by being who she was had an almost natural touch. She remains one of the most outrageously sexy pop culture icons ever created, but there was someone in the house. More importantly, she was a gentle and caring person she could not help if the guys passed Ga Ga through her. <br /> <br /> In contrast, Jessica Simpson seems to be fake, artificial, makeup, costumed, posed, indifferent, bored, out of place, and I do not think she even looks so pretty in clothes. She does not look like a person, but a plot device, conjured up during an agreement with someone who represents her agent. Simpson would be advised to dismiss that person immediately and pretend that the whole thing never happened. Whatever the joke, she is not in it and is miserably exploited by T & A. If that's all she wants from her career, the executive produces the sequence just to ensure sufficient screen time because that effort was only pathetic. <br /> <br /> The end result is SKIP IT. For the cost of two tickets and a Slurpee to go, you can grab one of Warner Bros.'s excellent box collections. of the original DVD shows and the whole family can watch them together. So it worked. The only real purpose I can see in the film may be its future use as an interrogation tool in Guantanamo Bay. Twenty minutes of that and they'll be singing a chorus. <br /> <br /> 1/10, and I mean it. And stay away from bionic man, you schnooks.
