In Hazzard County, Georgia, cousins ​​Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville) and their cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) flee with Uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson), avoiding the local authority, Boss Hog (Burt Reynolds). His problems with the boss are just beginning, as they discover he is planning to strip the city of valuable ores found beneath it. <br /> <br /> I've never seen the TV show and after watching the movie, it will not start so soon. I like stupid comedies, but this one does not offer much laughter. It was a very monotonous picture, with the first hour being very difficult to perform. The second part was a bit better, but this movie was still a missed opportunity. The film focused a lot on Bo and Luke. The characters in general were not very interesting and the actors portraying them did not do a very good job. <br /> <br /> The acting was not very good. I was not expecting it to be good in the first place, but none of the leads was too funny. Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville perform below average. The latter was very good as Stifler, but he tries very hard here. The latter seems to be looking for a paycheck and nothing more. Jessica Simpson is not known for her acting or really known for her singing. She is famous for having her own reality show and for saying really stupid things. She is beautiful, but she is a weak actress. It does not matter, because she does not appear in the movie and the character she plays is not complex or anything. Willie Nelson also has a smaller role and he does not do anything special. <br /> <br /> The script was written by John O'Brien and he made two films before the Dukes of Hazzard. The first was Cradle to the Grave, which was fine. The second was Starsky and Hutch, which was very funny. He does not do a good job here, since the story is a mess. He also forgot to add jokes and a few other things that would have made this movie work better. The film is also quite long for a comedy. Ok, 106 minutes are not exactly long, but it seems much longer because there is very little humor in the first hour. I think comedies should be kept short, or they need to find a lot of material to cover the entire runtime. The Dukes of Hazzard barely have enough funny jokes to keep him for thirty minutes, let alone 106 minutes. The car sequences were medium-sized and did not save an already troublesome movie. In the end, Dukes of Hazzard may appeal to some people, but most people will probably find this annoying and it is best if you simply ignore it. Overall Rating 4/10
