The cinematic transformation of old TV shows seems to be the norm in Hollywood today, but that disrespectful, bathroom humor, mother-of-a-kiss-with-dirty-mouth, stealing is a cheeky middle finger to all fans of Dukes of Hazzard north and south of the Mason-Dixon Line. From the opening sequence of Bo and Luke Duke doing a moonlit run for Uncle Jesse (lackluster running into the show because he would put the boys back in jail as a probation violation) to the final sequence of Uncle Jesse smoking marijuana with the governor of Georgia (Uncle Jesse was the moral compass, despite his previous methods), this disappointing waste of films is an open insult. I can not tell you how many parents I saw raise and remove their children from the theater in the first 15 minutes of the movie when they realized they had been horribly cheated. The original Dukes of Hazzard was a family program with basic moral values. The Original Dukes of Hazzard was a safe kid with a show of fun that parents did not have to worry about teaching the seven words of their children George Carlin. I read reviews saying that the show and the movie are nothing more than racist. These commits may be correct about the movie. These commits are ABSOLUTELY incorrect about the show. The show, if anything, was about getting along and being friends with ANYONE. Hollywood has finally come out in the light of disdain for those of us, Yankees, rebels or not, who still believe in honor, loyalty, trust, family, and do the right thing, even if it's not the popular thing. Hollywood has finally brought to light their belief that those of us at heart are stupid, uneducated, sweaty beer, dirty mouth, trash that will buy any piece of junk that they are willing to sell. Prove to the elitist Hollywood they are wrong. DO NOT GO TO SEE THIS MOVIE. Boycott the sponsors. Fill out the Warner Bros. email and mail boxes. with complaints that we do not appreciate them destroying one of the greatest TV shows of all time. Save your money and buy the DVD of the original show, but what do you do? DO NOT GO TO SEE THIS MOVIE
