Sometime in 1998, Saban acquired the rights to produce a new live action series from Ninja Turtles. Of course, being a fan of TMNT earlier in the day, this obviously hit my interest. So when I started to watch the show ... to say I was disappointed with the end result is a euphemism. Some time later (more recently), I had a chance to revisit the series. <br /> <br /> First let's talk about some of the good points. They managed to recreate the Turtle's lair as it was last seen in the movies reasonably well, given the limited budget they played with it. There tends to be this more gloomy atmosphere in general terms of sets and other things. And the Turtle's suits, though not the biggest plaything of puppets, were functional and looked quite resilient to most of the action things that would follow in the series. <br /> <br /> People tend to complain about getting rid of them. Shredder quickly and replacing it with those original villains that could easily be used in a Power Rangers show. But you can only get Shredder defeated so many times before it gets boring and undermines your worth as a villain ... and besides, most fans do not realize or remember or simply ignore the fact that in original comics The Shredder was eliminated in the first edition! No matter the innumerable resurrections that would follow. So from a personal point of view, I was glad they got rid of the Shredder, because the expectation would increase to the point of eventually bringing it back in a later episode. I think Shredder in small quantities works better because then your encounters with the Turtles are even more memorable. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, they end up replacing him with these original villains who, as stated, appeared to be more fitting to a Power Rangers show than a Ninja Turtles show. And with these new generics that wield magic, a new female turtle emerges wielding the magic, the infamous Venus De Milo. I will be honest; I've never felt comfortable with her. I am not against the idea of ​​a female tortoise; I'm against the idea of ​​someone using magic and so stands out as a sore sight among a clan of ninja turtles that seem a little out of their domain. I almost get the impression that this could easily have been the Venus De Milo show dealing with its lying enemies and the TMNT are there just to provide the power of the star (or what's left over considering the period of time it was released) . Fortunately, they all share the spotlight together. <br /> <br /> The next mutation was made after a season in the air and the creators were more than happy to ignore it. Over time and maybe another season, I truly believe that this TMNT live iteration could have been something and could have had a shot at greatness. But while the idea was good, the execution was flawed (although there are some good episodes in this series). As it stands, Next Mutation is one of those oddities in Turtledom that is best left buried and forgotten.
