Dr. Hackenstein begins at the turn of the last century, "1909 The Dawn of Modern Medical Science" to be exact. Dr. Eliot Hackenstein (David Muir) is in the early stages of his rejuvenation of living tissue experiments, Dr. Hackenstein manages to bring a skinned mouse back to life, which confirms that he has managed to bring the dead back to life ... It's now "Three Years Later" and Dean Slesinger (Micheal Ensign) is round Doc's house for dinner. While Dean Slesinger and Hackenstein eat, they talk about the Hackenstien experiments to which Dean Slesinger has always opposed, Dr. Hackenstein shows Dean Slesinger his lab in his attic where he holds the severed head of his wife Sheila (Sylvia Lee Baker) who died in an unfortunate 'accident' and can telepathically talk to him (Christy Botkin apparently provides the voice of Sheila). Hackenstein also shows Dean Slesinger a skinned chicken running in a cage and explains that with the process he has developed, he will bring Sheila back to life. Dean has some kind of seizure and apparently dies. Meanwhile, sisters Wendy (Bambi Darro as Dyanne DiRossario) and Leslie Trilling (Catherine Davis Cox) and her brother Alex (John Alexis) and their cousin Melanie Victor (Stacey Travis) are driving near the house of Hackenstein when they fall, seek shelter and assistance and reach the door of Hackenstein. Dr. Hackenstein invites the four stranded travelers to spend the night. Later, Dr. Hackenstein is visited by two tomb robbers, Xavier (Logan Ramsey) and Ruby Rhodes (Ann Ramsey), who deliver a male body when Hackenstein really needs female parts for Sheila. Dr. Hackenstein being the genius he decides not to waste the opportunity to have three beautiful young specimens available and begins to 'lend' the pieces and pieces he needs to complete Sheila ... Written and directed by Richard Clark I was pleasantly surprised by Dr. Hackenstein, I will state at this point that it is not brilliant in any stretch of the imagination, but from what I really enjoyed. It moves at a reasonable pace, even if it tends to creep a little during the middle, as things calm down. The screenplay tries to blend humor as a scene in which Hackenstein is trying to contain Melanie and she tries to catch the attention of her deaf maid, Yolanda Simpson (Catherine Cahn), chasing Hackenstein, keeping Melanie behind Yolanda's seemingly ignorant backs. for what is happening, with a touch of blood, but I would say that Dr. Hackenstein is more a comedy than a horror in conception and in every sense. There are some kitschy puns and sexual innuendos, which are always good for a laugh, Dr. Hackenstein for Wendy "would like to see my instruments" as an example. I also found that the scene in which Mrs. Trilling (Phyllis Diller) reports her missing daughter to confused detective Olin (William Schreiner) was a very fun sequence circling over because he is not looking for them even though he has finished It was said, why the cell does not have a prisoner in it and that if he did not find the cousin not to worry about it. None of this is boring and laughable, but I must admit that I've seen myself smiling from time to time and I thought the film as a whole would be silently fun. There's not much on the screen, some severed limbs, Sheila's beheaded head, some medical points and those skinned animals that are definitely fake by the way. I liked the characters of Dr. Hackenstein too, which was a surprise in itself. The acting is not brilliant, but to give credit to everyone, they put some effort into it, lots of exaggerated facial movements and some serious excesses mean it's never dull, oh, and Dr. Hackenstein's three birds are fit, if you know what I mean. Technically, the film is also good, again will not win any Oscars, but I have to give the filmmakers at least some credit for trying to make a turn of the century. It does not always work, the clothes are in conflict with each other at times, the girls look like Victorian England while the boys look like those of a western. The house looks like all the filmmakers did was remove any modern object from the room and stick some candles there! It appears a bit on the cheap side, but it really is not a bad movie considering everything. Could have done without the comedy song though. Overall, I ended up taking advantage of Dr. Hackenstein much more than I thought, although this is not a recommendation. It's certainly not the best comedy horror film of all time and certainly not the worst. A sufficient piece of harmless fun.
