Apparently there's a good reason why I've never heard of "Dr. Hackenstein" before me and some mates accidentally stumbled over it and stupidly decided to give it a try. That reason is: it sucks! It is a comedy / parody of senseless, bland, stupid and totally untouchable terror. In fact, to be honest, I'm not even sure if this was a comedy, because sometimes the script takes itself too seriously and goes to great lengths to be a really ambitious and original 80's horror effort. In the year 1909, at the dawn of a new era in medical science according to the opening sequences, does Dr. Elliot Hackenstein exactly need three women? neither more nor less ?? to reform his beloved wife whom he accidentally killed. She's just a living head now, but thieves of stupid bodies only provide male bodies. So when Dr. Hackenstein yells "I need three female bodies to bring my wife back," her words are not even cold and there are miraculously three young females (and a really annoying nerd boy) with problems in the car. door. Why does this never happen to me? "I need a lot of sexy voluptuous women to fill my empty harem !!!" ??? I do not see anything! Anyway, the good doctor sees his wish fulfilled, but unfortunately ?? for the science that is? he develops sympathy for one of the three girls. "Dr. Hackenstein" is a lame movie that tries to profit from the success of "Re-Animator" and even blatantly steal some of the comic aspects of this classic, such as a severed head talking about a line. It's easy to understand why this movie is never mentioned anywhere, since it does not attract fans of the genre either from horror or comedy. The funniest character is undoubtedly the tomb robber Ruby; portrayed by anti-cherubic Anne Ramsey. The horror fans of the 80s will surely remember her from Wes Craven's "Deadly Friend," where she portrayed the nasty old neighbor who is beheaded by a basketball. "Dr. Hackenstein" supposedly occurs in the early 1900s, but there are hardly any attempts to re-create the atmosphere of that era (except perhaps for some automobiles). Dr. Hackenstein's lab is a rather cliché piece of the 1980s, with all kinds of cauldrons and test tubes filled with fluorescent colors.
