The 1963 version of "The Haunting" has been one of my favorite horror movies for years, so I anticipated the release of this 1999 remake with a good deal of trepidation. It did not seem that any accompaniment could exceed or even match the original masterpiece. Unfortunately my concerns were well-founded: this movie smells bad. <br /> <br /> I do not know what the people involved in this movie were thinking. Jan De Bont, who seemed to have had a stroke of luck when directing the excellent "Speed", does so badly here (or perhaps worse) as he did with the failures "Twister" and "Speed ​​2: Cruise Control." "Hey Jan, stay with the cinematography, okay?" Liam Neeson is fit in his role as doctor-pretend-to-be-a-sleep psychologist - I do not think he can turn out to be a really bad performance - but neither Catherine Zeta Jones proves once more (as she did in "Entrapment") that she does not have the ability to act to rise above the material that is delivered to her. has done very well in an "X-Files" episode, seems lost here as Eleanor, an insomniac hovering on the brink of sanity, and that blond guy, whoever it is, is more wood than the strange figurines of children carved in the <br /> <br /> The reason the first movie worked so well is because we were never sure if the house was really haunted or the demonstrations were a result of the precarious state mentality of Eleanor.No spirit is really seen in the original, leaving much imagination - a trademark of other great horror films like "The Changeling" and "The Blair Witch Project". In this updated version, it is clear that we have tons of CGI ghosts, which basically (in the face of the script / weak plot) make the movie totally inattentive. The f / x are not even so good considering they were made by ILM. The frozen breath seems particularly false. The effects on Peter Jackson's underrated film, "The Frighteners," which I saw shortly before this, were much better. Children's wooden sculptures, which should look scary, seem silly (especially when they scream), and CGI monsters are nothing to write home about. Rather than providing relief from bad acting, bad direction and poor writing, the effects only increase the mess of a movie. Some particularly stupid scenes: When the other three characters invade Eleanor's room and none of them looks surprised to find a huge frowning demon hovering on the bed. The scene in which Eleanor "sees" the former lady of the house hanging from the rafters ... the acting here is particularly bad. And last but not least, the hilarious, involuntary part where Wooden Blond Guy utters an uninspired scream of what is supposed to be anguish, jumps on a piece of furniture and begins to cut the old evil builder's painting. the House. We really do have some satisfaction in this scene, since seconds after her attack, Blonde Man is dragged to the fireplace by the ghost of the old man and promptly gets his head cut through the chimney. It was the only part of the movie that I liked. <br /> <br /> In short, stick with the original 1963 "The Haunting". 3/10 stars.
