As viewers react to this new "adaptation" of Shirley Jackson's book, which was promoted as NOT being a remake of the original 1963 film (it's true), it will be based, I suspect, on the following: those who were big fans of any one of them. the original book or movie will not think much about this ... and those who have never been exposed to both, and who are big fans of Hollywood's current trend of "special effects" being the first and last word on how "good" a movie is, we will love it. <br /> <br /> Things I did not like about this adaptation: <br /> <br /> 1. It was not a true adaptation of the book. From the articles I've read, this movie should cover other aspects of the book that the former never did. And, that seemed reasonable, no movie can cover a book word for word unless it's the length of the STAND! (And not even then) But there were things in this movie that were never mentioned or suggested in the movie. It reminded me of the way they decided to kill the black man in the original version of THE SHINING. I did not like that either. What the film's press release should have said is ... "We have the basic, very basic idea of ​​Shirley Jackson's book, we kept the same names of the house and several (though not all) names of the main characters , but then we decided to write our own story, and, what the hell, we watched CHANGELING, THE SHINING and GHOST first, and we decided to throw some of them too. " of a parapsychologist who invited carefully chosen guests, who had all the brushes with the paranormal in their past, to investigate a house that really seemed to have been "born poorly." No, instead, this "doctor" took everyone home under the false pretense of studying their "insomnia" (he actually invited them to scare them and then see how they reacted to fear ... like laboratory mice, who he mentioned it was never said that they are part of an experiment ... cool guy). This doctor, who did not have the same name, by the way, was as different from the dedicated professional of the original film as the night of the day. <br /> <br /> 3. In direct contrast to the claim that was used to promote the two films "some houses were born poorly", this house was not born bad, but it got bad because of what happened there ... and , this time, Nel begins to unravel the mystery (shades of THE CHANGELING). The only problem was that the much talked about mystery was so incoherently said that I'm sure it remained a mystery to most of the audience ... but then there was no mystery at first (not in the book) because the house was bad for begin. She is the first "victim" who died before looking at her. <br /> <br /> 4. The way Lucas's character was portrayed was absolutely ridiculous. He was supposed to be a fearless playboy who would someday inherit the house (and he was a true skeptic of his "story") ... and in this, he was just a sled and bumbling nerd who could not sleep (insomnia remember) and was a compulsive liar. <br /> <br /> 5. I was also annoyed by the way the film jumped from trying to recreate original scenes word for word (the scene with Nel's sister's family, and Mrs. Dudley's little opening speech ...) to get into fantasy flights that made me think more of these other films than THE HAUNTING. It's like he can not decide what he wants to do. <br /> <br /> 6. I missed Nel's narrative throughout the film. The original was as much like a Gothic novel as the story was told primarily in the first person through Nel's eyes, and we always keep track of her thoughts. This totally original touch was completely lost in the new version. They also tried to make Nel much more heroin. The original Nel was not a bad person, but he was a bitter person (could it be different after sacrificing 11 years of his life to a selfish old woman and a spiteful sister?) And he liked to moan and lose his temper. This was almost too good to be true. This was never more apparent than at the climax of the movie in which the writer was obviously watching GHOST many times. <br /> <br /> 7. They have changed the history of the house and it is very busy. There was no Abigail Crain (Hugh's daughter whose legend appeared great in the original versions), there was no "companion", and there was no nursery. There was also no "Grace" (wife of the original physician) and Hugh Crain's wives died in totally different ways. These changes have changed the story a lot. I do not know if the producers of this movie should be happy that Shirley Jackson is no longer walking on this earth or if they should ... WITHOUT SLEEPING (if you give me right !!!) The hauntings she can imagine are not something to be play with <br /> <br /> In conclusion, let me leave you with some words from original Luke (appropriate replacement of the word "house" for "movie"!): "This 'movie' should be burned to the floor and salt-splattered floor! "My favorite movie of all time continues like this.
