Somewhere in his non-fiction book DANSE MACABRE, Stephen King suggests that one secret of writing scary stories is to avoid showing your readers exactly what the awful thing is waiting behind the door to get them. If at last the door opens and a three-meter insect crosses, the reader may be a little startled, but he will also think, "Well, I can deal with it. At least I was not 100 feet tall." "There is nothing scarier than that which hides, invisible and unknown, just on the other side of that hermetically sealed door, waiting for you." The SUBJECT is so completely ill-conceived that the director Jan De Bont more or less Start your film metaphorically by opening that door to yourself and shouting, "Look, everyone, look! It's an insect ten feet high! In the end of the film, the director is, as it were, jumping up and down, banging madly on his CGI pots and pans and shouting hoarsely, "Look, it's not SCARY!" The law of diminishing returns kicks in. , everyone, look! Fifty and fifty bugs! ... And now, here come a hundred insects of a thousand and six hundred meters! "<br /> <br /> Filmmakers apparently believed that only the special effects could make up for all the other shortcomings in this effort (and there are a lot of them.) They can not and do not. so insistent and intrusive that the distracted viewer ends up looking at them-whether in wonder or annoyance-rather than being immersed in a story. To me, the lowest point of this film's stupidity comes when one The filmmakers clearly did not know what to do with this supposed idea, once they had it, then they just did Neeson himself (as Dr. Marrow) in a fountain. to debate in the water a little, waving his arms and taking glug-glug.In the next scene, the good doctor apparently dried up, and ho hum, forgot all about the annoying incident. <br /> <br /> Shirley Jackson's romance seems to have been ridiculed in this script laughs by a committee. of low IQ teenage potters who thought the way to scare people was to make each effect bigger and bigger: "Okay, then let's do the ceiling, you look like a scary face, and, we came down on it ... and all those spectacular things, like, locking her in bed. "The only saving grace of THE HAUNTING is that it finally becomes so horrible that it's really funny. By the time Owen Wilson (as Luke Sanderson) fell to the ground and then went on his Magic-Carpet Ride O 'Death, I almost fell on the floor myself, laughing. <br/> <br/> Badly built, unknowingly, grotesquely heavy, totally unbelievable, and full of clumsy dialogues and nonsensical scenes, this empty HAUNTING is a classic example of how NOT to make a horror movie.
