The Haunting, if you saw the original, you know a great ghost story, it's perfection in the movie. It is a haunted tale of 4 people entering a haunted house and with the simple trick of sound and movements, it terrified people. It still remains effective to this day if you like movies. So when The Haunting was redone in 1999, many people practically had the same reaction "WHAT? WHY? WHAT ??" But in my opinion, if a remake is respectful enough and just wants to reinvent the story for the new generation, I'm pretty cool about it. This is definitely not the case, this is just a boring disgraceful shame that will waste your time and I assure you it will not give scares ?? pfft! PG-13, what do they think? Not very apparently. <br /> <br /> When her mother dies and her sister dumps her, Nell gets a call, telling her about an ad from an insomnia study directed by Dr. David Marrow at Hill House, a secluded mansion. Upon arrival, Nell meets Mr. and Mrs. Dudley, a strange pair of caretakers who do not stay on the property after dark. Shortly after, two other study participants arrive, Theo Savage and "Bad Sleeper" Luke Sanderson along with Doctor Marrow. Unknown to the participants, Dr. Marrow's real purpose is to study the psychological response to fear. Every night, caretakers chafe the gate outside the Hill House, preventing anyone from entering or leaving until the morning, when janitors open the lock. There are no work phones inside Hill House and the nearest town is several miles away. Dr. Marrow reveals the history of Hill House. The house was built by Hugh Crain, Crain built the house for his wife, hoping to fill it with a large family full of children, however all of Crain's children died during childbirth. Crain's wife killed herself before the house was finished, and Crain became a recluse. On the first night, Theo and Nell begin to experience strange phenomena inside the house, including strange noises and unexplained temperature changes. Nell is confronted after the main hallway is vandalized with the words "Welcome Home, Eleanor", and becomes extremely disturbed, establishing to prove that the house is haunted by the souls of those who are victimized by Crain's cruelty. She learns that Crain built his fortune by exploiting kidnapped children for slave labor and murdering them when they no longer had any use for him. He then burned the bodies in the fireplace of the house to hide any evidence. She also discovers that Crain had a second wife named Carolyn, of whom Nell is a descendant. Everyone thinks she's crazy, while Nell is convinced that's where she belongs. <br /> <br /> Seriously, I suggest you stay away from this movie, it's really stupid and pointless. Not to mention the actress who played Nell, Lili Taylor bothered me completely, her performance, her look, everything about her, do not make me think of things I would do just not to see her in the movie again. Catherine Zeta Jones also did not fit her role and Liam Neeson, a wonderful actor, wasted talent again. The effects are very high and very computerized, I just can not believe they would end up with a wonderful classic with this crap. Believe me, if you're going to be scared of something, be afraid to see how you can turn a great ghost story into a boring piece of stupid exaggeration. Ah, this movie is already hurting me, I just do not see it, it's bad. <br /> 1/10
