For those who have seen and fallen in love with the stage musical, the film is a poor quality replacement. Not only are the songs cut, but unnecessary twists are added, new choreographed dance sequences, and, let's face it, Richard Attenborough does not know how to film dancers. <br /> <br /> Onstage, Michael Bennett's CHORUS LINE was just that: Michael Bennett. His idea, his choreography, his direction, his gift to Broadway and the rest of the world. It was two hours of blunt and direct realism that really made you feel for these "boys" and "girls." The film, however, lacks empathy and depth: the actors seem to be auditioning for auditions. Every movement, every line of dialogue seems so thoughtful and planned; Michael Douglas, especially, as Zach is too in control for us to believe he is an extraordinarily malicious choreographer. Even when he throws his tantrums, you never believe in him because every gesture, every accented word, every nuance is so obviously rehearsed. And as for him not dancing: Kevin Kline auditioned for the role of Zach on Broadway. Michael Bennett loved his reading, but Kline could not dance and eventually lost the part. How I wish they had done the same for Douglas! CHORUS LINE is supposed to be a show about no one, and besides a few recognizable faces (Vicki Frederick, who played Cassie on Broadway like Sheila and Khandi Alexander from TV NewsRadio as one of the many dancers) should not know any of these people. Because you know these people. Having a star in any of the roles is a terrible decision: when you focus on Michael Douglas and his speech instead of the girls and boys on the line and their stories, you lose something. <br /> <br /> It really is unfortunate that the best sequel to the program (Montage: Hello Twelve, Hello Thirteen, Hello Love) is recorded dramatically to pave the way for a terrible new song entitled "Surprise, Surprise" that surprisingly received a Oscar nomination. Cassie's "mirror dance" has a new song and a tragically tedious choreography - they wonder why they bothered to film a film version if they wanted to work on a working formula. <br /> <br /> For fans of musical theater and those who enjoyed the stage version, this film is a sad mockery of everything they loved and loved. For anyone who has never seen the original production, whether on Broadway or on tour, this film is the only reference that will have to pass. And they will have to wonder what the oldest musical in Broadway history was like - until a small show called CATS surpassed it in the late 1990s. But that's a different story, and do not even get me started there.
