I'm not a stage purist. A movie could have been made from this play, and that would almost necessarily require change ... comme ci, comme ca. But the modest concepts of this material are lost or misunderstood by the creators of the film who are in the "superficial blockbuster" mode. It would be hard to imagine a worse director. Maybe only Josh Logan and Jack Warner could have ruined it the way Attenborough did. <br /> <br /> On stage A Chorus line was a triumph of workshopping as a production method. Dancers responding to a cast were seen sitting around throwing crap about their career experiences on stage (70's!). So Bennett and Hamlisch took some time, gave them a song and released them as themselves. ...amazing! Unbelievably modern. The "story" of the ACL is (in turn) responding to a cast call for a play from which we never have a complete view because the play does not matter. It was the goal before the idea was invented, 25 years before Adaptation was worked out with a similar idea. The ACL was also another in a reductionist trend that is still alive, and that is a characteristic of modern creativity: this technique itself is convincing ... that there is more drama in an ordinary person's life than you could synthesize with invented characters . What a funny idea. The play had a performance area (an empty stage) and three different ways to change the background, to relieve visual boredom, not to keep viewers distracted. The space goes back and the stories of the actors are highlighted. It worked very well. That was the point. All these ideas are trampled or bastardized. In terms of scenery, there were none, no costumes until the dancers left for the last bow, in which the exciting "One" is finally powerfully executed with full head and tails (golden) with movements. we recognize them because we attend them in practical sessions. The repressed anxiety of the play is released - and the audience has gone mad. <br /> <br /> After Grampa maneuvers this, he is like a muffled and strangled bird. He clearly has in mind the oldest and most respected All That Jazz (and the play of Fosse Dancin ') as he makes his choices. Hamlisch's score was bold and interesting for his time, but the weather has not been good for that. It's as schmaltzy as "jazz hands". And that is before Attenborough touches it. He is remarkable in finding the good that remains and maiming it. A simple question might have helped Attenborough during the filming: "Could I afford to spend a few minutes with people like that?" An important issue for any adaptation of the play is how the fourth wall of the theater (fundamentally for its absence in the theater) would be approached in film format. There has never been a more "frontal" game. The answer they gave was, "I'm sorry .. what was the question?" The cast was augmented from a manageable number of unique narratives, to a crowd choking each other and the audience, and merging their selves together. I was well beyond my threshold of annoyance when that boring idiot swings the stage on a rope, making antics for the audience (absent). The play made you understand people from the theater. This movie just makes you want to choke them. <br /> <br /> Perhaps Broadways annoying trend of characters walking directly to the center of the stage and singing their stories in the audience (Les Miz, Miss Saigon) instead of relating to other characters started Here. But the worst imaginable revival of the play will make you feel more alive than this movie. <br /> <br /> A choir line is pure schlock.
