On Broadway, The Chorus Line was pure magic. From the second when the show opened with a spectacular explosion of energy for the grand finale, a joyful curtain call of all the members of the choir we grew to love during the show, we became totally involved - captivated by intensely personal stories, some funny, some clever, some choppy, this choir line. The film is another completely different subject. The focus is now on the director - and what an ogre he is! Every time the movie changes to Michael Douglas, he has a bitter and bitter expression, shouting questions and orders, screaming and shouting whenever he has the chance. Damn it !! This changes the dynamics of the story. On Broadway, the director was indeed an imperious presence off stage, but he was also a kind of theatrical device to allow the stories of these incredibly strong / fragile / intriguing / hilarious chorus line members to be told with insight and clarity. There is a reason for this job to win the Pulitzer Prize! And in fact, in one of the only moments when the director appears, he's there to comfort the young Puerto Rican Dancer after we hear the story of breaking the dancer's heart. He appears again to finally express his genuine affection / concern for Cassie. But in the film, from the second director of Douglas begins to bark orders bitterly, the stories of members of the choir line become secondary. It is as if they are in a bad profession, where an exhausted director, instead of showing the joy of creating an exciting new theatrical spectacle, is tired, exhausted, furious at having to hear these members of the choir. On stage, there was always the excitement of the show. Here in the movie practically speaking, you feel sorry for all involved. During the course of the musical, we desperately desire each of these choir members, and how happy we would be if everyone had gotten the job! But of course this could not happen. But in the Finale when they all came back in glorious robes with incredible spinning mirrors on the stage, sometimes reflecting in the audience, in our hearts, and we know, also in the hearts of all those members of the choir who both accepted and rejected, they were in the stage dancing forever in a profession they loved so much, bringing magic to the theater. In the film, after all the story lines and misplaced emphasis, this magic becomes totally diluted. All we feel (even with the same curtain call) is that some of the members got a job with a stingy director. Then they all appear on the screen and are dancing again. Great deal.
