For those who have never seen A CHORUS LINE on the stage and their only exposure to the story was this movie, this movie is just like a musical movie, nothing special, just OK. I've seen the Broadway show 4 times and even auditioned for a show company once and for someone who pretty much memorized the original production, the 1985 film version is so terrible on so many levels that I do not even know where to start. First of all, for those who have never taken the test for a theatrical production, let me assure you that when you take a test, the director, producer, and choreographer never ask personal questions and do not care why you want to. to become an artist. An actual theatrical hearing, whether for a play or for a musical, rarely takes more than five minutes. If you are auditioning as a dancer, you get a dance combination of 64 bars once, you do this, and then they decide immediately whether you are in or out. Michael Bennett's original concept of the show was to give body to the lives of the dancers and present to the uninitiated the passion for playing and why so many sacrifice so much for so little. The play is about these dancers. First of all, the director Richard Attenborough focused so much on the dancers reinforcing the relationship of Cassie / Zach and fusing Michael Douglas like Zach. In the play, you NEVER see Zach ... he's just a voice in the back of the theater and his relationship with Cassie barely touched. Cassie shown in the taxi in transit trying to get to the audition and upstairs talking to Larry (a character who is not even in the play) was added to the film and focused so much on the subject. The main musical numbers were cut or rethought. The opening number in the play "I Hope I Get It" shows all the dancers doing a jazz and ballet combo and then people are eliminated. In the film, they play three hundred dancers on stage together and show them in close-up to disguise the fact that they cast people in the movie who can not dance (you can say "Audrey Landers"). "Goodbye 12, Goodbye 13, Hello Love," a brilliant vocal exploration of the jaundiced childhood memories of these dancers was reworked as "Surprise, Surprise", primarily a vehicle for the late Gregg Burge as Richie. The most famous song in the series, "What I Did for Love," which on the show was a moving allegory sung by the whole cast on what they give up dancing, becomes just another standard love song in the film, performed tired by a miscast Allyson Reed as Cassie. Jeffrey Hornaday's choreography for the film is monotonous and unimaginative and does not even come close to the original Michael Bennett scenario and when you're making a film about dancers, the choreography has to be special. There are a couple of good dancers in the movie, the aforementioned Gregg Burge as Richie, Michelle Johnston as Bebe and Janet Jones as Judy, but they hardly have the opportunity to show what they can do, but Audrey Landers who can barely walk and chew chewing gum at the same time, is given one of the best numbers of the program, "Dance 10, Looks 3". I'll admit the ending, "One" is stunning, but you have to wait almost two hours for this. I'd say if you've never seen the movie A CHORUS LINE on the stage, this movie might be worth it, but if you're a devotee of the original Broadway musical ... be afraid ... be very afraid.
