*** THIS POST CONTAINS SPOILER (S) *** I'm not a big fan of Chuck Norris as an actor, but I venerate him anyway. He also has his own fan site with "Chuck Norris Facts" which is really fun. But this movie looks like someone was playing with the audience putting all these "facts" into a movie. I do not really remember when I wasted my time more than with this "action." I do not know what is the worst that this movie can offer: plan of non-original terrorists and a thousand times made that they try to bomb the United States smuggling nuclear weapons in American soil or perhaps the "great" dialogues and words of wisdom on the life and anything else. One may find the worst that terrorists actually speak English in everyday life. It's an endless list of junk. Not to mention the sheer amount of footage used in the film, this is kind of boring. The chief terrorist sends his message to the comrades through the media when he is captured and the only guy smart enough to see the treatment is: Chuck Norris, of course. NOBODY else in America is not smart enough to see this! And all the action on the capturing captain is just ridiculous. A man is sent to go through a UNARMED terrorist camp (I'm lying, he had a KNIFE), escapes his pursuers with JET PACK and then plans a few hundred, maybe even a thousand kilometers to the nearest coast (the Afganistan border is 450 km away from the nearest coast), where it is rescued by submarine. I hoped at least the fight scenes would be good, but that's even funnier than the plot. If you did not know, 85% of the terrorists are masters of some martial art, but Chuck and CO ended them. Not only do they kill them easily, they can kick them and throw them away by a single movement and the bad guys fly a few yards like dolls. Can you ask me if I watched this movie until the end? I made. Because? Because I just wanted to see who, from these two super heroes, will disarm the nuclear bomb of a few hundred megatons and the size of a MICROWAVE. And then I realized what a fool I am. Of course, it's Chuck's movie after all. And not only does he alone disarm nuke with tweezers, but he does it - twice !! I could write a book about all the stupid things in this movie, but I would spend my life spawning. <br /> <br /> So the producers of this movie made another fact of Chuck Norris being added on his website: Chuck Norris Disarm Nuclear Bomb? Yes and he can do it twice!
