While filming an '80s horror film called' Hot Blooded ', the director is brutally murdered and the protagonist is scarred while surviving the attack and manages to kill the killer. After all this, production is abandoned and stock coils are left to collect dust. Thus, a group of filmmakers decide to take back the point where the film stopped, despite being warned by people to stay away from the film, since the last person who was interested in the film appeared dead in the cinema while watching the film. From this, it is labeled as a cursed production. Not taking these warnings seriously, the team goes ahead with the production and they get the original movie star back from Hollywood to reprise their role, but not as the daughter but the mother. But again the killings begin to happen with the cast and crew being massacred by an unknown figure dressed as the assassin of the film. <br /> <br /> See what 'Scream' started! Hey, I like those movies, but mostly everything that followed was a boring and pointless excuse. During this stage, the subgenre returned with revenge, but it was not very good, because they were unsuccessful attempts and not original, in which they followed the derivative pattern of the franchise Scream. 'Cut', which is an independent Australian version of the slasher genre of textbooks, is a purely shonky trash that basically lacks everything and blatantly strips all other flick slasher. But you know what, I found a cheeseie delight. Yes, it's horrible and highly forgettable, but it's a little fun while it lasted. Although I hated it when I originally met, but the second time I knew what I was getting into and it worked best for that. It was like I was helping myself with a good piece of cheesecake again, but this time it was not so sweet. <br /> <br /> The film came out at the same time as 'Scream 3' and 'Urban Legends: The Final Cut' did, that all three follow the same structure of using a movie within a movie. 'Scream 3' is obviously the strongest of the three, but I actually watch this crap about Urban Legends: The Final Cut. However, it looked more like a setback to the slashers of the '80s than that of a Scream bastard. Practically the film receives treatment of degree b and this appears in the script and in the performances. The dialogue is truly unimaginable and hardly brings surprises and suspense. Meanwhile, the performances are pure mockery and Molly Ringwald takes the crown for it. She plays the returning actress returning to finish the damn movie and I had a blast with her ridiculous farewell performance. It provides the bite here and fixes it perfectly. The rest were Australian TV stars recognized (that's if you're Australian) with Jessica Napier leading the cast with names like Stephen Curry and Frank Roberts. Also the pop singer (and presumed actress) Kylie Minogue makes an opening appearance just to be hacked! Nice. In most cases, these adolescents followed the formula of excited, unintelligent children who have nothing better to do but be killed. Sometimes it seems like they are just waiting in line because they have no real substance to be there. <br /> <br /> The plot begins in a rather interesting way, then enters a mystery phase where red herrings appear, but then it does a sudden turnaround where it becomes a satire of the horror genre. It's just pretty hectic, and when it comes to the explanation for all this craziness I kind of thought? Oh my. That's when he tries to turn around in a clever way, but unfortunately he falls along the way. But you do not just love an opening ending. It also boasts some pop culture references and a self-referential and explicit approach. Predictability comes early, and jokes can become excessive at times, but you know it by making fun of yourself. The atmosphere loses its edge a little because of the humor that takes away the desolation, but still the grand mansion alone where they are filming has some touches that add "a little" to scary. The movie scene is very well done too. <br /> <br /> Now, we now know that we want nudity and nudity when watching this kind of movie, but unfortunately there is no nudity to be found and the blood is fairly normal, if lacking, but it is more than decent for a low-budget film. There are one or two creative deaths, but the rest is systematic. The killer was not bad, but when he spoke it kind of hurt, I thought, well, the smart attitude did not fit well with me. Other production notes that were terrifying varied from the cut edition, the off-the-record soundtrack, and Kimble Rendall's direction were not executed and were careless, but these contributing factors came together to add some sort of pure entertainment to it all. wickedness. <br /> <br /> Imagination suits the budget that is right, but that lousy slasher was not trying to be anything else. Pure Schlock that's a little fun!
