I have to admit that I laughed a few times during this trivial 2004 holiday movie, but it is already coming out of my short term memory. In a career that is sliding rapidly into tabloid obscurity, Ben Affleck, who was once a promising comedic actor, became involved in the Hollywood advertising machine to recreate himself as a romantic protagonist. Judging by this film, the transformation does not seem to be taking, as it continues to lack seriousness that would make it credible in such parts. While his friend Matt Damon takes on clever roles in films like "Syriana," Affleck appears in this kind of commercial role. At least the superficial character of the successful and lonely advertising executive Drew Latham fits better to Affleck than most of the other roles he has tried. <br /> <br /> Directed by Mike Mitchell (whose most famous film is Deuce Bigelow: Macho) and scripted by no less than four screenwriters (always a bad sign), the fragile plot revolves around the need to his character "rent" a family that lives in his childhood home in order to live his fantasy of having the old-fashioned Christmas he never had.The concept is really intriguing because there is something to be said about the cathartic release of the sentimentality we are all The real problem, however, is that the film looks like an extended sketch without any authentic emotional resonance or logic. Affleck seems to be in overdrive trying desperately to be kind, but the result final is an exhausting twist of an actor who has an increasingly annoying habit of playing stupid people in ill-conceived films.Fortunately, he has people like James Gandofini and C atherine O'Hara playing the Valcos, the couple who decide to accept Drew's money supply to pretend to be their parents. <br/> <br/> Gandolfini plays Tom as a brute, not Relative-violent of Tony Soprano, but he does what he can on paper. From her classic SCTV Days to Christopher Guest's mockumentaries, O'Hara is always a comic, no matter the vehicle, and unsurprisingly she gets the best laughs as Tom's wife, Christine, is delivering a line or posing in an inch for a dominatrix photo shoot. In what is becoming her standard screen role, Christina Applegate plays her suspicious daughter Alicia, who naturally becomes Drew's love interest. Despite some good times when she is taking advantage of the deception of playing Drew's sister in front of her girlfriend's family, her character seems to change in lightning strokes, making it difficult to see what Drew would see in her. The story turns completely out of control in the last third, with a planned situation stacked on top of each other until the plot strands are tied up in a short time. It is rumored that much of the film was improvised, since there was no script of finalized filming. That shows, but I also have to admit that I was left with the bitter end.
