I got the impression that those involved in doing "Surviving Christmas" did not pay much attention to the film. The characters are so inconsistent and the plot makes so little sense that the movie played as a rough draft of a script but the concept of a rich guy paying a family to let him spend Christmas with them. Ben Affleck portrays Drew Latham, the typical Hollywood image of a rich, egocentric propaganda executive who buys his way through life. His girlfriend, Missy, leaves him shortly before Christmas because she is disgusted because Drew wanted to take her to Fiji for Christmas, which she calls "family holidays," and the fact that Drew never introduced her to her family. Later, we find out that Drew's father left when he was 4 and his mother is dead so it's a mystery why he does not just say he has no family, instead of letting his girlfriend believe he does not care. with your family. Fearless of being alone on Christmas, Drew traces Missy's psychiatrist (why? I have no idea), which suggests that he do a forgiveness ritual at his childhood home. When he meets the family who lives in his childhood home, the Valcos, Drew offers $ 250,000 to pretend to be his family, so he can relive his childhood memories. He gets angry when he discovers that they have an adult daughter, Alicia (Christina Applegate), because he "does not have a sister", and even goes so far as to write a script for the family to follow so that they act more like their "real" . None of this makes sense, since Drew reveals that he grew up without family but his mother. <br /> <br /> Also inexplicable is the character of Alicia who is upset that her family has accepted Drew's money and refuses to play. along with your fantasy. But for good reason, she suddenly begins to like Drew, and in a matter of minutes, goes from hating her courage to acting like his girlfriend. Drew is such a complete idiot throughout the film that even his sad story about the lonely Christmas of his childhood does not evoke sympathy; I almost wished he had finished: "Joking! The real reason I did not see my family is that they all have restraining orders against me!" (2/10)
