Sarah Silverman is actually the "flavor of the month" comedy now. Is it really worth all the hype? Yes and no. She's funny at times, sometimes hilariously (her standup routine is actually quite interesting, though not always funny). Other times, you are feeling cheated by the media for overdoing another artist's behavior. She is one of those really cute comedians that men especially call, saying that they like their intelligence and intelligence. But if you corner them, most men will admit they just want to sleep with her, and that's why they watch her. It reminds me of why many men have flocked to Margaret Cho and Janeane Garofalo, though none of them are actually "hot" now in terms of popularity. Sarah does not drink or smoke (at least cigs), so she must be hot when she's 60, so her fans (especially the men) can rejoice. <br /> <br /> As for this show, it's a lot like her comedy. When that works, it's hilarious. When that does not happen, it's a total boredom and very, very annoying. The AIDS episode here is the best. It is consistently funny and has a very good satire. Brian Poeshn's character has an unhealthy obsession with Tab in one episode, and it's hilarious to see him in a Tab's T-shirt. But they never get anywhere with that and end up missing the welcome. Sarah's character in the series is quite annoying, the gay couple (Brian Poeshn and some other guy) seems stuck and never does anything for the show as a whole, and supporting players (including Sarah's real life sister Laura , which does not look like a thing like it) are fine. When the jokes arrive, they are brilliant. When they do not, they are terrible and I mean really horrible. There is also an obsession with coprophilia here (also known as poop jokes), which seems to have replaced current intelligence and intelligence in today's comedy. So, should you watch this show? If you have a crush on Sarah, go ahead. You can look at her and pretend she's yours. As for your show, it varies from good to absolute zero.
