Comedy Central has a habit of doing great shows sometimes - the Chappelle's Show, the Daily Show, the Colbert Report, and there are those that some people love or hate - Stella, Dr. Katz. Then there are some shows that have their supporters, but they are just terrible - Mencia, and now, Sarah Silverman. <br /> <br /> This show is based on the fact that Silverman is egocentric, which may be funny (Colbert Report), but can be horrible (Mind of Mencia). It should not shock anyone that I believe this to be the case. This show is a parody of a comedy and society, a program so absurd that it gets lost in its absurdity and simply is not funny. A woman's fart was often done in comedy because it's not something ordinary. We do not need 25 minutes of this. When a criminal is disarmed by a queef, he simply loses his appeal - we saw him on Jay and Silent Bob Strike back, except the women were hotter, and the whole scene was more absurd, making it better. But the best comparison of this show is with Stella, except that Stella was more subtle, which made the comedy absurd funny. It had better acting, and I suppose, a bit more of a realistic realistic view. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the fact that some reviews are so negative (I am very skeptical of critical acclaim, but I do not discuss the reaction of fans) for this show is the amount of publicity about it, very unpleasant ads Through many programs far exceed advertising in other programs. Many people are wondering why Sarah Silverman has a career, and others are still bitter when the best shows have been canceled. This show should never have passed the homeless pilot stage. Back to Norm showed much more promising, but this show becomes even more so. And, to the extent that the critics are correct, many things have been universally criticized and have seen their status go up immensely. Last time I checked, Britney Spears also received good reviews. Take this comparison however you want because someone will undoubtedly accuse me of being a psycho in IMDb for not liking this program.
