I think this movie was a bit overrated here. There are some things to admire in it; on the one hand, deserves credit for being a science fiction film (ish) that depends on its history instead of special effects and action sequences to carry the day. The supporting cast is good, set design and cinematography are good, and the ideas are interesting enough (though they are starting to look a little tired after the many mediocre Dark City / Memento / Fight Club clones of recent years). But the film is undone by bad characterization, wooden performances by leading actors and a laughably bad ending. <br /> <br /> The main problem I had was that the protagonist was neither sympathetic nor unpleasant. I realize that part of the story dictates that it should be a bit (wait for it ...) cipher, but I was totally unable to develop any empathy for a character who looked like a boring and anonymous man. What character transformation exists for this sad sack is artificially forced to him by the plot. The lead actor Jeremy Northam can convey that the protagonist is confused and unhappy, but fails to inspire any sympathy for him. In front of him, Lucy Liu does what she can with a character who has no personality of her own, unless the embodiment of a spy movie cliché is a personality. <br /> <br /> One of the biggest disappointments of this. movie is the end. I'm not going to give spoilers here, but I'll say that a surprise at the end was clearly telegraphed at least 45 minutes before it occurred. Plus, after being content to be a quirky, idea-oriented movie for the first hour, the latest scenes suddenly and terribly become the worst kind of Hollywood paper, complete with big explosions and special effects. McGuffin's revelation of the film in the end is poorly made, and in the end the characters seem even less agreeable than before some of the film's major plot lines were solved. <br /> <br /> The movie is not so bad. , Although. It manages to maintain a certain level of tension for most of the time, despite the slow pace (though I think I have an above average tolerance for slow motion movies). And there are some moments when the unstable and paranoid feeling that director Vincenzo Natali was clearly trying to evoke rises. But in the end, these elements are not enough to overcome the flaws in the acting and the script of the film. There's probably a good movie that covers these same themes and ideas, but that's not it.
