Let me start by stating that I generally like Renny Harlin's directing style for the most part, and that the director of photography should be commended for some of the scenes. Unlike "Elm Street 4," by Harlin, and "Die Hard 2," which I really enjoyed, there is something missing in this movie. That, my friends, is a script. The dialogue in films like this is always horrible, but this one takes the gold medal for stupidity. There are so many terrible lines in this movie, I do not even want to have to remember any of them. Not only that, but the running of the lines is pathetic and seems more suited to a bad porn movie than an action adventure. It's almost as if Harlin thought that if they softened the words, they could improve the script. Wrong again. <br /> <br /> The sad part is that there are some talented actors in bad roles with the worst dialogues. Stallone was never one of my favorites, but when he's performing in circles around Lithgow, Turner and the worst of the Rooker group, there's something wrong with that picture. Lithgow has played one of the best villains in "Ricochet," even though it sounds like someone who can not act to save his life here. How is this possible? I have always been a big fan of him and he is educated in acting for Stallone, who himself even phoned in his performance. Turner's part is so small and meaningless, but she can still seem lost on the screen. Michael Rooker can act. I know this because I witnessed this in "Days of Thunder", but it looks like he's reading his letters from tips. Got it? When Rooker and Lithgow have scenes together that they're talking about, I just wanted the movie to end there, or that the two incredibly find their acting ability. Unfortunately, none of these things happened. <br /> <br /> Which brings me back to Harlin, who may be the one to really blame this mess over the writers. It's his fault that I've never been drawn to this movie because it should have made people really act. The script is not very good, but still the actors' performances are what destroy this movie and that has to stay with the director. I do not care how much was paid for the special effects, which are mostly good, you still can not just sacrifice the film with a terrible acting. <br /> <br /> In addition, the pace of this movie seems to be wrong. The opening sequence was good and the plane scene was very well done, but how should you care about the outcome of the robbery at all. I mean, I understand they were trying to create tension with all the bells and whistles of the plane scene, but I really did not care if they got the money or not at that scene. If the bandit had won early, maybe I did not have to watch one of the worst movies ever!
