After seeing "Driven" on a plane flight to America 3 years ago, I really believed I had seen the worst movie ever created, and I could relax safe in the knowledge that I would never have to suffer so much in front of a screen ever more. Unfortunately, as I discovered last night, this was not the case. Revolver is so monstrously bad that I'm really thinking of recommending friends to go and see it, just so I do not feel like I'm the only one stupid enough to be scammed into watching this. It's really amazing how much this movie falls completely in your face with the constant, and I mean CONSTANT voices of the main characters, with a preposterous nonsense totally bland! I was really getting angry at the movies listening to Andre Benjamin's absolutely relentless drain for what seemed to be half of the movie, all the time thinking - what the Turks would have done with that complete gangster joke, whatever it is, when did he make his "offer"? I'll tell you what. He would have told him to step aside, blow his head, and watch with utter disdain, while his equally inept partner moved away as fast as his plump little legs carried him. I mean, what should we believe is going through Jake's head when they offer him his "solution" to his problem? They are cheaters, so of course they must also have the ability to heal incurable blood diseases! I mean ffs. Does not he start to wonder why his symptoms are not getting worse? The penny does not fall on the third day what is happening, instead of Richie subjecting the audience to a painfully paternalistic phone call from Avi to Jake, to let him know he was cheated. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I can add a small positive note to the film, moving on to dry humor, if provision, fortunately of a similar pattern to your previous films ????. bulls ** t! This movie does not try anything so cleverly as redeeming itself through some fun and timely lines, oh no. Somehow, have you managed to be so disastrously dull that I did not really hear as much as a full-scale movie giggle? and anyone who knows the UGC in Sheffield knows how much a main screen can get full, and not a single person even smiled. Maybe he never wanted the movie to be funny, and it's only fair that you can still make good gangster movies without comedy, but what was he thinking of making that movie? The plot unnecessarily disconcerting! I sincerely hope not! By far the most satisfying moment I spent last night was hearing the very loud sigh coming from EVERY direction of the audience as everyone was praying desperately for the movie to end. It was also really fun to see how fast the patrons were fighting and rushing to the exits after they realized it was over, and they were free from their torment! <br /> <br /> I'm going to end this (I'll have to finish, writing this is making me angry again), elaborating on the "end." I mean sh ** t! Final ?? .. no, sorry, I can not, you're just going to have to go and see it. It can not be put into words, it simply can not, and once you have seen it you will know why. Uhhhhh ?? goosebumps ??
