The movie "52 Pick Up" simply does not work. See if you are interested in Elmore Leonard or John Frankenheimer, or in someone from the fantastic cast, especially John Glover, who is admittedly brilliant. But the book - a low-speed, noir-thriller with a lot of pulp - should have translated into an Oscar-challenging film, rather than the failure it could not figure out if it was to portray faithfully the harsh history of the crime. of the book, or opt for a 1980 Schwarzenegger shooting-in-up spree. Changing the scene from the original location in the book, Detroit (an area where Leonard has resided for years and knows very well), to Los Angeles, is a problem substantial that Leonard tries to fix in his script, but in the end he can not. It was, for example, a clever device that made Mitchell's wife an alderwoman (she had no job in the book), if you think about it: that's the only way you could plausibly blackmail someone into a sex-crazed city like Los Angeles from the 80's. Angeles for adultery, or any kind of potential sex scandal. Even so, it is more plausible in a more conservative Eastern state than Michigan to believe that: a) his small pornographic "industry" is a despicable and profitable hell, where three losers could desperately mount a not-so-stupid half-ass-ass. a classmate going through a midlife crisis, and b) adultery alone could be something with which you could blackmail someone if their old-fashioned careers and wives could not cope with the shock. As consultant Ron Jeremy will say, Los Angeles in the 1980s was a colorful and stylish porn Mecca, more akin to the movie "Boogie Nights" than the dark and gloomy world of hijacked tourist buses, dirty apartments, and drug deals in the depressing urban misery. Then again, Los Angeles could be the backdrop to such a story, if someone organized the scene more carefully - there are still many slits and psychopaths there. Unfortunately, Roy Scheider's Harry Mitchell appears in the film as a sexy and handsome Uebermensch dancing in the midst of his problems without even exercising. In the book, he was defending himself from a union official while fighting a business that was failing. He also had a skeleton in the closet during the war involving friendly fire that he was responsible for, but never seemed to understand. Elmore Leonard's stories often have a central image involving a bizarre civility between a criminal and law-abiding citizen. Here, Harry Mitchell, sitting in his office with his blackmailer, Alan Raimy, handing over his financial books to him and negotiating a more practical ransom, creates such a central image. Glover's blackmailer interprets the scene with convincing intelligence, but Scheider portrays the victim here as a "good guy", in charge of the situation as if he were more Rambo with an M-16 than the average man. Around him. "52 Pick Up" ends with one of the worst disposable conclusions of all time, considering all the thinking that went into the original story and then into the movie. Trapping Raimy inside Mitchell's Jaguar and blowing him up with band music playing along with a sadistic monologue from Mitchell, plays for an audience wanting the "sweet revenge" of a Chuck Norris movie, not the smart and balanced world of the book Leonard, where Mitchell barely escapes in the end and the conflict between good and evil can easily go anywhere. I left the theater shaking my head and depressed. What a waste of talent.
