"The Sopranos," by David Chase, is perhaps the most praised television show in recent history. It is not only the series devoid of intellect and passion, it is devoid of soul. As anyone who's reading probably already knows, James Gandolfini * IS * Tony Soprano, a big fat butt of a mafia boss with a spoiled wife and two grumpy children living in you guessed it - America's armpit is New Jersey, by the way). Tony is not just a womanizer adulterer, he is also a despicable sleazy killer, with a series of cartoon characters from "Saturday Night Live" for his subordinates. It's not the fact that Tony is a gang of mobsters that offends me (and apparently just me). Allowing characters to be who and what they are, without judgment, is something that American TV hardly allows. But Chase - and his entourage of writers full of money and Emmy-filled - did not allow us to simply watch Tony and his crew while they behaved, did not even try to provide any insight into the reality of the action / reaction (even obviously fictionalized) organized crime (to "The Godfather"). Instead, Chase glorifies and endorses the greedy, violent, and corrupt lifestyle of his characters in the same way that Tony, his wife, and even his psychologist does week after week (or should I say month after month. year? It seems like the 13 episode episodes of the program leave with the same regularity of a lunar eclipse). Much has been made of the series' refusal to adhere to the "net" structure, with plots that do not get anywhere, and characters that pop up and disappear like yard worms. But if the show is so brilliant in its lack of structure, why do I always feel like I'm watching a novel? Clichés tired of the mafia, bored housewives, selfish, irredeemable characters and plots that do not give at all. More than ever, I can see why so many Americans of Italian heritage are involved in this show. It's enough to make you want to curl up with a good book (Danté's "Inferno" comes to mind). <br /> <br /> Fans of IMDb claim that there is nothing good on television and therefore "The Sopranos" is a breath of fresh air. Are these same people too busy paying their cable bills to watch "The Shield"? (It's included in Basic, you know). How about the (still good) "The West Wing"? Or the brilliantly represented (if erratically typed) "Boston Legal"? How about possibly the best comedy of the last few decades, "Arrested Development"? And lest we forget that we live in an era of DVDs - no one * has * to watch * anything * new. I'd rather shell out $ 40 for a set of over $ 10 a month (or $ 80 per DVD player!) To continue to prove how much of a hacking factory. Can be. <br /> <br /> Do you want good television? Watch "Homicide: Life on the Street". Or "Murder One." Or "picket fences." Or even Chase's previous show, "Northern Exposure." If you're already among the legion of fans and critics "The Sopranos," it's too late for you. But if not, let Tony and his useless relatives where they all belong - rotting with the fish. ("Sleeping" would be very kind)
