Seriously, I can easily vomit a lot on the blood screen, gore and disgust, but what really makes this movie disturbing and uncomfortable to watch is how the medical character continues to ramble over the physical damage done to raped women. He, John Cassavetes of "Rosemary's Baby," talks about the ruptured uterus, dry intercourse and massive loads of reddish sperm (?) As if they were the smallest common diseases in the medical world. That said, "Incubus" is an ultimately STRANGE horror endeavor. Is not it necessarily horrible? although not very good, either? but simply strange. The confusing and incoherent script initially revolves around a flesh-and-blood killer (though the title clearly suggests the involvement of a supernatural creature) and never seems to stop introducing new characters. None of these characters, especially the main characters, seem sympathetic, and for some reason never explained, they all seem to hold obscure secrets. The doctor mentioned above has a strange interpretation of her daughter's love and behaves like a suspect, the city sheriff (John Ireland) seems to be in a state of constant drunkenness and does not seem to care who keeps raping and killing the women in your district, the reporter is even too strange for words and the Galens (an old witch and her grandson) are simply scary. All together they desperately try to solve the mystery of who or what exactly is destroying the city women who reproduce organs. The sequences that accumulate in relation to the rapes and murders are admirably atmospheric and the acts vis are bloody and disturbing. Basically, these are very positive factors in a horror movie, but the structure of the narrative is too incoherent and the characters are very unfriendly so that "Incubus" is a really good movie. Also, there are some tedious parts for you to strive for (like scenes from a Bruce Dickinson show!) And John Hough's usually very trustworthy direction is barely perceptible. The final shot is indeed a nightmare, however. For me personally, "Incubus" was a little disappointing, but there are still several enough reasons to recommend this strange piece of horror from the 80's to the fanatics of the open-minded genre.
