A young couple Mandy Pullman (Mitch Martin) and Roy Seeley (Matt Birman) are relaxing on a beach in the small town of Galen. They decide to start playing with each other. Mandy hides in an old hut, she is attacked and raped by an unknown assailant. Roy tries to help her after hearing his screams, but is dead. Dr. Sam Cordell (John Cassavetes) and his daughter Jenny (Erin Flannery) are both new to Galen after the death of Sam's wife. Sam is called to action by police chief Hank Walden (John Ireland) when Mandy and Roy are found. He does the autopsy on Roy and treats Mandy for his horrific injuries. Soon after, a local museum curator named Carolyn Davis (Denise Furgusson) is also attacked and raped. A local journalist named Laura Kincaid (Kerrie Keane) recounts the events and suggests to Sam that a similar series of rapes and murders occurred in the city 30 years earlier. More rapes and murders occur. Meanwhile, Jenny's boyfriend Tim Galen (Duncan MacIntosh) has had strange dreams and nightmares and is convinced that he has something to do with the horrible acts. Tim's story and the past digging of the cities makes Sam convince himself of the existence of a creature known as an Incubus - a demonic entity that changes shape and exists only to reproduce itself! Directed by John Hough, this is a seriously boring horror film. George Franklin's script based on Ray Russell's novel is slow to say the least. Nothing interesting or exciting happens and ends with one of the most boring I have ever seen and frustratingly ends suddenly. As the story progresses in the rhythm of the snails, there are some rapes, but none is shown on the screen. There is only one gore scene throughout the movie as well. The monster itself is shown only at the end and has three short scenes. Everything about this film in terms of production is very static and flat, the film has no energy or rhythm. The performance is monotonous and you do not feel or care about anyone. Check out the scene in the autopsy room where you can clearly see the microphone boom at the top of the screen on several occasions. The kind of trash horror movie that you will forget within a day. A real waste of time, do not bother.
