Stephen King is generally known for the morbid, and that's fine, but this story is very morbid. Some movies, in the end you feel sad about the characters or the situations in which they were put ... here you feel depressed. The film has a pleasant feel (at first), with the family moving into the countryside, and the creepy old Fred Gwyne greeting and alerting them about the pet graveyard, but this plot goes nowhere. It starts with so much potential, but in the end it loses the potential of being a good horror film, and it becomes corny, extremely stupid, and ultimately depressing. <br /> Louis (Dale Midkoff), his wife Rachel (Denise Crosby), their children Ellie and Gage and their cat move to a new home in Maine. They are warned by the neighbor's farmer Mad Jud (Fred Gwyne) about the local pet graveyard and how he is cursed. Louis does not think so, and it's all right until the family cat is killed. He buries the cursed cemetery and comes back to life, constantly whistling with his family and wanting to be alone. One day, baby Gage runs off the road and gets run over and killed by a truck, and Louis knows he must bury him in the graveyard. When Gage returns to life, he is transformed and wants to kill. <br /> <br /> With many of Stephen King's works that do not translate well into movies, I blame the directors and writers. In this case, Mr. King was the writer, but I'll blame him for his terrible story. In the end, it is so useless and, though bland, the premise is laughable. A little boy comes back from the dead and manages to kill people with what appears to be a small scalpel, not just that, but he manages to lift their bodies and, in one case, take a body from the ground to the attic! ) I know this is not really set, but seriously, how stupid can this be? The scene in which Louis injects his deceased, now living again cat to kill him is strangely sad, because the cat did not deserve this. All he did was go out there and take care of his own business, and he killed him. The scene in which he injects his young son is almost unbearable. Not unbearably sad, but the whole situation is horrible to think about. After being injected, Gage staggered drunk before falling dead ... why did they need to make a movie that ends with the death of a child? But ... even worse, the actual ending of the movie involving Louis burying someone else (will not give who) in the graveyard after Gage kills them ... what did he expect? Why did Mr. King write this horrible story and why was it turned into a movie? It's depressing and useless! <br /> <br /> My rating: * out of ****. 90 min. R for violence.
