This movie is a Pia Zadora special! As I visualized it, I remembered the classic cartoon showing a Hollywood star; in urgent need of another role, but afraid of becoming typecast for 'B' movies or soft porn roles; who says in his casting session "Well, of course I do not normally do roles that require nudity, but if it is artistically necessary for the movie ...............". That remembrance brought a very disobedient image of a similar cartoon showing Pia in such a session saying "Well, of course I do not normally take any role that requires real acting, but if that really gives me enough exposure to improve my status as sex symbol..................". This is probably grossly unfair, the rather sordid tale is the fault of Harold Robbins' book; Considering the nature of the story, Pia's exposition certainly does not receive undue attention, and perhaps Pia (who once won an acting award at Butterfly) is deliberately satirizing her part instead of trying to act in a nearly unplayable role. Critics generally point first to actors as the problem whenever a film is disappointing, but this is extremely unfair; writers and directors are much more often the culprits. The real problem with "The Lonely Lady" is that the script, like the original book, seeks sensation rather than substance, and nothing can help that. <br /> <br /> The script for this movie sucks, but if history could have been filmed more successfully with a better script, faster direction and really competent acting should remain a matter of personal judgment. As it was announced, my viewers will assess whether it will depend on whether I'm evaluating my personal opinion or assessing the extent to which the film can deliver what it wants to do. My personal classification for him would be two in ten; but to some extent this film probably provides exactly what its sponsors intended, and judged on that basis a four-in-ten quality rating would be reasonable. Being in a climate of charity, and wanting to make it clear that I'm not blaming Pia for my disappointment, I'll give a note on the IMDb of Four.
