The memory banks of most of the critics here must have short-circuited in recalling this cubic zirconia jewel, because virtually everyone was able to misquote Lloyd Bochner's Walter Thornton when, in a fit of impertinent rage, he threw the phallic garden Beak in his new wife, Jerilee Randall-Thornton, (an almost comatose Pia Zadora) that was used to sexually assault her in the film ... but I'm getting ahead of myself. Anyway, poor Lloyd might have been snarling as loudly in the audience as he was his co-star. <br /> <br /> Hard as it is for most of us to believe, especially Nowadays, no one in Hollywood proposes to make a bad movie INTENTIONALLY. This is certainly not the most defensible argument to make, since it seems like there are so many of them coming out. But again, there is that race of film that one must imagine during the time of its creation, from writing, launching and directing, must have been cursed with the cinematic equivalent of trying to film during the March Ics. /> THE LONELY LADY is in this category and performs very well considering the circumstances. Here we have all the ingredients in a guaranteed recipe to produce a monumentally fallen souffle: Pia Zadora, a marginal singer / actress so determined to be taken seriously, that she would take on almost anything that would disparage her from her peers did it!); a high profile novel written by Trashmaster himself, Harold Robbins (from THE CARPETBAGGERS and DREAMS DIE FIRST FAME); a cast that probably thought they were so lucky to be working, that they tried to play as if it were Clifford Odets or Ibsen; as well as a director who was more than likely a gunslinger who kept the mess on the move just to cash a pay check (and was probably contractually obligated NOT to require the use of the nickname 'Alan Smithee' to protect what was left of reputation). Like Lamont Johnson's LIPSTICK, Meir Zarchi, I spit in his tone, Roger Vadim's BARBARELLA, Paul Verhoeven's SHOWGIRLS or Grandmammy's Really Bad Film making, Frank Perry's MOMMY DEAREST, LONYLY LADY is still often discussed (usually with disgust , horrified laughter disbelief, or a unique combination of all three, but it also defies Hollyweird's dissection, description or even pretzel logic. No one is sure how this came to be, how it was cast in a single theater, or why is still here and almost impossible to get rid of, but take it or leave it, it's here to stay.And I do not think lovers of really good BAD movies would have it any other way.
