Paul Armstrong is a liberal, Scottish-born law professor at Harvard, known for his passionate opposition to the death penalty, who is hired to take on the case of Bobby Earl, a young black man from Florida who has been convicted of the crime. rape and murder of Joanie Shriver, a white girl of eleven. Earl claims that his confession to the crime was obtained under duress by a sadistic police officer and that the real murderer is Blair Sullivan, a serial killer already sentenced to death for several other murders. Armstrong visits Sullivan in his death row cell, hoping to persuade him to confess Joanie's murder, saving Earl from the electric chair. <br /> <br /> In the beginning everything is going well. Sullivan confesses and Earl is released from jail when the appeals court overturns his conviction. As this development occurs only shortly after the middle of the film, it is at this point that the alarms will begin to ring in the mind of the viewer. "Warning! Great turnaround in history!" And so it proves. The early touch soon materializes. Earl is actually guilty of the crime he has just been acquitted of, and probably of several others as well, but he drew a diabolical plan with Sullivan to secure his freedom; Sullivan will confess the murder of Joanie if Earl assassinates its parents. (Just because Sullivan wanted his parents to die is never explained accurately). Armstrong now thinks he is in danger of the man whose life he has just saved; Earl has a grudge against Armstrong's wife, herself a lawyer, who acted as the prosecution's attorney in an earlier case when Earl was accused of rape. "Just Cause" is an example of self-cannibalism in which Hollywood sometimes likes to give in, shoot a movie by recycling themes and tracing devices from several others. The first half owes an obvious debt to such films as "Intruder in the Dust" and "To Kill a Mockingbird"; the only difference is that the sheriff who wins a confession of Bobby Earl is black, whereas in previous films he would have been white. (Police brutality is now an equal opportunity activity.) The central twist of the plot was borrowed from Costa-Gavras's "Music Box", although in this film the revelation does not occur until the end. The end, in which an attorney, his wife, and his daughter are in danger from a former client, is an obvious plagiarism of the two versions of "Cape Fear," which also occur in the southern marshes of the United States. Ed Harris's characterization of Sullivan as a Biblical citation religious maniac is a direct imitation of Robert de Niro's character in Scorsese's version of Cape Fear, made four years before Just Cause. <br /> <br /> (There is a post-writing. Just like "Just Cause" lent heavily from several other films, seven years later its central turnaround was, in turn, blatantly plagiarized in Ashley Judd's vehicle " High Crimes "). <br /> <br /> The problem with this style of filming-by-numbers is that the resulting films are generally much less distinct than those that inspired them. The whole is usually much smaller than the sum of the parts, and "Just Cause" is a much smaller film than any of those who have been cannibalized to do so. Harris is usually a talented actor, but this is one of his weaker performances, largely because he is not much playing a character like playing Niro playing Max Cady. Blair Underwood is just like Bobby Earl, the (supposedly) innocent young man of the first scenes, but unconvincing as Bobby Earl, the latter's killer psychopath. Sean Connery as Armstrong and Laurence Fishburne as the Black Sheriff are better, but none are good enough to save the movie. (Connery and Harris should act together in another, better, movie, "The Rock" the following year). <br /> <br /> There is another problem with "Just Cause". The first half of the film looks like a liberal standard film, "anti-death", anti-racist and critical of heavy policing. The second half looks more like the work of a stubborn reactionary, preaching the message that all criminals are evil bastards, that the only way to deal with them is to fry them in the chair, that liberal lawyers are the useful idiots of the criminal fraternity and that police officers who beat suspects should be praised as heroes. The filmmakers seem to have been blissfully unaware that the twist in the story, casually introduced in the middle of their film, had the (presumably unwanted) effect of reversing their political stance, or if they were aware of the problem, they ignored it. A suitably complicated plot was obviously considered more important than political consistency. 4/10
