Well, there it is, another disappointment in my account. Two, actually! First of all, while I like to think of myself as knowing something about the 1970s euro-exploitation and its most prolific contributors, I have never heard of Joseph W. Sarno before. Here's a guy who made over seventy rancid and cultured farm movies and I did not see any! As? Because? What happened here? Second, and worse, when you think you have found a new source for obscure cults, the director's most famous and supposed "masterpiece" ends up as a hopelessly monotonous and irritating film. Admittedly, lesbian vampire films form a very insignificant subgenre as a whole, but some of them bathed in a sinister atmosphere and curious sensuality (such as José Larraz's "Vampires," or "Daughters of Darkness," by Harry Kümmel). Joseph Sarno's film has nothing to offer except for large amounts of free nudity and even this becomes boring quickly. The events take place in an old isolated castle, hidden in the German mountains, where five centuries ago lived a malicious and bloodthirsty Baroness (literally). His loyal disciples still perform naked dance parties in the castle's catacombs, which are lit by candles in the shape of a penis, and hope to resurrect the baroness at any moment. Suddenly (do not even ask how) the castle is full of young and sexy female guests, so even more erotic rites happen. It sounds delicious and fun enough, but "The Devil's Plaything" contains a large number of sequences where literally nothing happens and where the ignorant facial expressions of cast members are simply unbearable! Sarno is not able to create suspense or build a gothic atmosphere (or maybe he just did not bother doing it) and the actresses' abilities restrict themselves from facing the camera topless and pulling a really pathetic face. Please do yourself a favor: no matter how desperately you struggle to see all the 70s lesbian vampire movies, it's not worth a penny! Even the repertoires of Jess Franco and Jean Rollin are pure art compared to this failure.
