Cannibal Sex, or Devil Hunter as it is most commonly known among the English-speaking public, begins with actress and model Laura Crawford (Ursula Buchfellner as Ursula Fellner) checking locations for her new film along with her assistant Jane (Gisela Hahn). After a long day at work, Laura is relaxing in the bathroom of her bedroom when two very dubious characters named Chris (Werner Pochath) and Thomas (Antonio Mayans) appear and abduct her having been helped by the treacherous Jane. Laura's agent takes over the tenant Peter Weston (Al Cliver), who is informed of the situation, the hijackers have Laura on an isolated island and are demanding 6 million ransom. Peter is told that he will be paid 200,000 to retrieve it safely and another 10% of the 6 million if he brings it back too, faster than a mouse up a drainage pipe Peter & his helicopter pilot Vet buddy of Vietnam Jack are on the island and decide how to save Laura. So the kidnappers have Laura & Peter with 6 million, but none of them wants to hand them over. Just to further complicate this particular isolated island is the home of a primitive tribe (hell, in all generations they lived there they only managed to build a hut that now is primitive) worshiping a cannibal monster face (Burt Altman ) with eyes bulging like a God with human sacrifices and this cannibal has a taste for young and white flesh and intestines ... <br /> <br /> This co-production in Spanish, French and German was co-written and directed by prolific Jesus Franco, who also receives credit for music as well. Cannibal sex gained a certain notoriety here in the UK as it was placed on the 'Video Nasties' list in the early 1980s under its alternative Devil Hunter title and thus officially classified as obscene and banned, having said that I have no idea why who, as it is a bad film and even Franco, who is not afraid to be associated with a turkey, decides to hide under the pseudonym of Clifford Brown. I imagine even the most stubborn Franco fan would have difficulty defending it. Franco's script, unfortunately, means that Clifford Brown and Julian Esteban as Julius Valery, who was obviously less than impressed with the finished product and wanted his name removed, is horrible. It's so simple and straightforward. To begin with, the film is so boring that it's a lie, the kidnapping plan is one of the dullest I've ever seen without the slightest tension or excitement, and the terror side of things does not improve as we have a big black guy with eyes stupid and red, and two cannibal scenes. As a horror movie, Cannibal Sex fails and as an action adventure, it is no longer successful, this is to be avoided. Director Franco shows his incompetence as usual, a decapitated head is reached by an actor lying on the floor. the floor with large leaves placed around his neck to try to give the impression that he is not stuck in anything! The cannibalism scenes are bad, the action is lame and there are endless scenes of people walking randomly through the jungle going from 'A' to 'B' and doing nothing when they get there too. It becomes incredibly dull and tedious to watch after about 10 minutes and do not forget that this thing continues for 94 minutes in its uncut state. I should also mention the hilarious scene when Al Cliver is supposed to be climbing a cliff, this is achieved by Franco turning his camera sideways and having Cliver crawling across the floor! Just look at the way his coat hangs and the way he never grabs anything while he just pulls! The blood is not so good, and as far as cannibal movies are concerned, this is very tame, there are some brutes from the mouths of cannibals as they chew on pieces of meat, a man is impaled on prongs, has blood and a handful. of intestines. There's a bit of nudity in Cannibal Sex and a nasty rape scene. <br /> <br /> Cannibal sex should have a low budget and I mean low. This is a poorly made poor quality film with terrible special effects and bottom-up production values. The only decent thing about this is the definition of jungle that at least seems authentic. Music is a drug and the sound effects become annoying as there is a lot of heavy breathing whenever the cannibal is on the screen. The acting sucks, the whole thing was obviously nicknamed anyway, but no one in this thing can act. <br /> <br /> Cannibal Sex is a terrible movie that makes the fatal mistake of being as annoying as hell. The only good things I can say is that it has a certain despicable atmosphere and the first planes of cannibal chewing meat are pretty disgusting. Anyone who is looking for a decent cinematic experience should give Cannibal Sex as much space as possible, one to avoid.
