In the days before the Toxic Avenger, the low-field kings of Troma Films attempted to take the high road (OK, a little less) to produce straight slasher photos. I would like to think that seeing the results here is what convinced them to give up all pretense and go to conscious parody. <br /> <br /> The Splatter University is another masochistic film in the audience. As it snakes through two separate models and innumerable meaningless subplots, it becomes painful to watch. Let's see if I can summarize. <br /> <br /> After learning that a dangerous psychopath escaped from a local hospital, the action changes to a Catholic university (I can not remember the name, but in honor of the title let's call it St. Splatter). The students are indifferent and sullen, and pettyly argue with each other, gaping ahead of their time. Meanwhile, the new teacher, Julie Parker, is totally incompetent in her work. Children deal with relationships, infidelity, unwanted pregnancies, lecherous priests, and how to avoid any work in the classroom; Julie deals with a scary boyfriend, inflexible management at St. Splatter, advice from single moms and the unimpressive looks of her students. None of this means a damn thing or is solved in any meaningful way. Oh, and every once in a while, a POV cub appears and stabs one of the girls to death, but do not hold your breath waiting for her. There is a Red Herring Killer, and then a sadly anticlimactic confrontation with the Real Killer, then he returns to asylum and roll credits. <br /> <br /> The slow rhythm and numerous inane subplots seem almost calculated to produce a growing sense. of frustration on the viewer, which is aided by unstable editing, the quality of the cafeteria sound, and the dialogue that simply does not make sense. And the most distressing thing about this movie is fixing the killer on women - the men in this movie are so deserving. I would have paid good money to see someone out of the ass with the pregnant girlfriend, or the idiot Lothario who was playing with her girlfriend's roommate, or any of the scary priests. There is no justice.
