Colleges, high schools, fraternities and brotherhoods have been the most popular chase sites for the manic crazy since the slasher cycle became a popular movie culture in the late seventies. Even cabana huts and camps have mounted the shotgun to the amount of massacres that have occurred on campuses since Halloween classified the genre as a cult horror category. From the earliest inscriptions like up to a good evening to the grand budget of titles like Urban Legend or Schools Out, there is usually always a campus slasher lurking somewhere in the pipeline. Despite being caught by Troma - the titans of the evil movie B? Splatter University was heavily criticized after the release and never found an audience. Even the notorious hack and slash sites, such as HYSTERIA-LIVES, dismissed Richard Haines's story as one of the worst of the early 80's boom. I always approach films criticized optimistically because there is often a chance that some bad evaluations may be unfairly contagious as a flu shot, which pleases the judgment of certain perpetrators. <br /> <br /> It starts in the traditional way at the time. place where any maniac that pays off. Yes, you guessed it? a crazy asylum! It appears that one of the detainees has decided that they are dissatisfied with the level of service at the institution and therefore are looking to take their business elsewhere. The wacky unnoticed makes his pause after stabbing an unfortunate order where the sun certainly does not shine. He obviously favors the sense of attire of the murdered worker, so he takes the liberty of borrowing his uniform, bloodstained trousers and all! <br /> <br /> Three years later, we moved to St Trinians College, an educational establishment that is run by Catholic priests. A teacher is busy after hours marking the work of her students when, suddenly, there is a knock at the door. Before she gets a chance to find out what the invisible visitor wants, he stabs her in the chest with a kitchen knife and she falls to the ground in a pile of blood. This, of course, means there is a place in the university, and so we are introduced to Julie Parker (Francine Forbes), the amiable substitute of the late speaker. It seems that his arrival inadvertently gave the resident maniac all the motivation he needs to go into an unrestricted slaughterhouse. In a short time, students and teachers are falling like flies to the camera's timid threat while lurking the corridors and the local areas armed with an exceptionally large blade. Suspicious suspicions abound, but can Professor Parker solve the mystery of the campus killer before it becomes just one more statistic? <br /> <br /> I do not know exactly how many versions of this movie are available. The altered video from the UK was released under the pseudonym of Campus Killings, but the US copy I own says it is the unedited full-length edition, which could mean that there is a censored impression floating around somewhere? I would be quite surprised if that was the case, since Splatter University is certainly not as delicious as the hyperbole packaging would make you believe. One or two liters of corn syrup certainly can not withstand the hunting dog's scrutiny when compared to the likes of Blood Rage or Pieces, so in this case the film is a little more sensational. One thing that many critics have not mentioned is Francine Forbes' charming head performance, which ends up carrying the entire picture on her shoulders during the 79-minute run. Despite the amateur direction of Richard Haines, she still reveals some magnificent potential that should have led to the chance for another stab at a serious performance under a more talented cast. Unfortunately that possibility never came, and the bottom of the bombs like Death Ring and Splitz certainly did not help to create a talent that could have improved dramatically with the right scholarship. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast members were par for the film obscurity course, especially the wooden board teens who for some strange reason acted like they were auditioning for a remake of Grease or The Wanderers . The standard point and direction of filming could not have helped to create much confidence in the project, and the fact that the few potential signs were hampered by the clumsy handling of the screenplay made the feature effectively irrecoverable. Perhaps the only claim of originality found in Haines slasher is the courageous attempt at contrasting conclusion. Let's just say that it's not a final that I was hoping to witness in a movie that was so typical of the cycle. <br /> <br /> At one point in the running time, one teenager says, "Dude Parker annoys me with tears?" Well, the same can be said of Splatter University, which never raises the pace above the camera With that said, Francine Forbes made a delightful screaming queen and undoubtedly one that I would have paid to watch again in a similar role.That well sums up this non-trotting ride. quality but still strangely appealing; would you have to be especially lenient to give it a try?
