I bought the DVD BLOOD CASTLE on eBay for a few bucks without knowing what it was and all I can say is that I was not disappointed with this purchase. BLOOD CASTLE is one of those European horror movies that has almost no redeeming quality except for being completely entertaining, for all the bad reasons. Only the inauguration was worth the price of the DVD: our heroine, Dr. Ivanna, arrives at the castle where a scientist, the Baron Dalmar, who must perform experiments with dead tissues, must help. On his way to the castle 1) a man tries to rape Ivanna. 2) The governess of the castle quarrels with her. 3) The maid wants her dead. 4) and finally, Baron Dalmar almost spits it out and wants it the next day. Hmm ... something tells me she's not welcome. With such a miserable arrival, you'd think Ivanna would leave the place in a minute of NY, but no, like so many great useless films, our stubborn heroine decides to stand still and even enjoy a candlelit dinner with the grumpy baron at that same busy day. The introduction is so exaggerated (it's even bigger than the memorable first few minutes of that Canadian film, JUNIOR) that I knew I would enjoy. <br /> <br /> But the fun is not like that. end here. Ivanna is repeatedly drugged whenever she goes to bed at night, only to wake from unconsciousness, naked, tied and tortured in light sessions of S & M by an invisible man. Even after going through these nocturnal sessions of sadomasochism, Ivanna remains in the castle, convinced by the angry baron that what she is going through is nothing more than a dream. To be expected, even after being treated so poorly from the outset, Ivanna falls in love with the Baron. Ivanna completely disregards anything negative about him, including the obvious fact that the stern Baron is popular with the girls. All the women in the castle (it seems that only women work there) are in love with the miserable idiot, who does not mind taking advantage of beautiful things. Things get even more stupid when someone hides on the property and kills (and is killing) women. Basically, the Baron's physically disfigured brother, Igor is responsible for everything. In a very long scene, the brother warns the Baron that he should not get too involved with Ivanna or suffer the consequences. So, what does the Baron and Ivanna do about it? Well, they get married of course! During the very brief wedding ceremony, the Baron is shot by one of the angry villagers (the father of one of the dead girls). But all this does not intimidate Ivanna, who, among all the dead girls and tortures that surround them, cheerfully comforts the wounded baron who "is only a wound in the flesh" and both can continue and enjoy the honeymoon in the castle, where the brother killer / rapist / torturer is. The whole thing quickly turns into a nightmarish love triangle between Ivana, the Baron and Igor. It's the fault of love! <br /> <br /> Anyway, you understand: subtle, it's not. Almost everything is over-the-top ridiculous in this movie and when it's not OTT, as the predictable climax, things get a little boring. But for most of the film, the director or writer has fun in one illogical moment and trash after another. I really love this kind of movie, all as subtle as being hit in the head with a sledgehammer, and filled with characters behaving illogically. Even those who made the DVD Retromedia realize this and when you go to the scene selection section, we hear one of the funniest dialogues of the movie dubbed in loop infinitely. <br /> <br /> The values ​​of production are wonderfully laughable. The opening and closing credits, with those candles and red curtains ... oh, a classy soup. The song sometimes sounds like something from a Tim Burton movie that only adds to the strangeness of it all. And usual for this type of movie, when the young ladies take off their clothes, they just beg to be killed. Like a standard movie, I classify this as a 2, but as a "it's so bad it's good" movie, I rate it a solid 8 stars. If you like useless movies, please watch this. You must see. The only thing left for me to think about: what would it take for that woman to get out of that damn castle?
