(several spoilers follow) <br /> <br /> Gene Kelly. Not Georges Guetary, who is sometimes criticized for being too young and not French. Not Leslie Caron, who is sometimes criticized for her very green performance. Not even Oscar Levant, who most of the time annoys the idiot of me. <br /> <br /> No, it would definitely be Gene Kelly. There is something in his on-screen persona that is very ambitious and focused so he is convincing as an artist with no money in Paris, happy to postpone critics indefinitely, play with children and ladies and paint on the streets. That's what made him so effective in SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN and in other films in which he played ambitious and focused characters. Jerry Mulligan is, to some extent, Tommy Albright's cousin in BRIGADOON, another story of Lerner with Kelly as a loose-knit American who falls in love with a picturesque European place and an innocent woman who embodies his virtues. <br /> <br /> Except that Jerry is not as nice as poor Tommy stunned. This is another nasty thing about this movie. Jerry is sometimes a bastard to Milo and, even worse, to Lise. When he sees the last one in a club, he pulls out a dirty trick to get her to dance with him. When she sits down again, he pulls out an even dirtier trick to get her phone number. When he calls her the next day, she hangs up the phone, which he takes as a suggestion to show up at her place of work. And all along it's obvious that she wants nothing to do with him. When she starts laughing at her jokes at the perfumery, it's as believable as Milo's interest in her paintings. Of course he is handsome and playful, but why should this influence her when she has Henri, who seems to be a gentleman? <br /> <br /> Admittedly, this is so unpleasant in part because of the actress. If a role like Lise were touched by, say, Judy Garland, she would give Jerry insults and indignant looks. If she were interpreted by Cyd Charisse, she would admire his courage. But when she is played by actress Leslie Caron, she looks and acts like a shy and vulnerable teenager, and as a result Jerry looks like an idiot. And why did they choose these other actors (though personally I would prefer that they have solved things by changing leadership) when the whole story is based on the romance of these two poor young boyfriends getting rid of their loveless appointments with older, richer people? Not only is Gene Kelly a few years older than Guetary and Foch, he is old enough to be Caron's father. <br /> <br /> In short, I think everything would have been improved by launching a young comedian type dancer like Jerry. , the type that usually appears in supporting musical roles ... for example Ray MacDonald in BOA NEWS or Bobby Van in SMALL TOWN GIRL. Maybe not necessarily them, but someone like them. Someone who could have chased Lise and made it look harmlessly playful; someone who would have seemed genuinely happy living in that chaplinian hole in the wall; someone whose humor and ingenuity would have been better contrasted with the sarcastic grin of Oscar Levant. It probably would have also made the ballet look less heavy. And this could have provided a voice that could sing Gershwin better. <br /> <br /> All this may give the impression that I do not like Gene Kelly. I like him. It was great in most of his films but not this one (well, and a few others). I also do not despise AAIP itself; It has good points, like the art direction. And Leslie Caron, who despite her inexperience is quite charming, and really looks like she just came out of a painting. Georges Guetary does a good job and his "Stairway to Paradise" is my favorite number in the movie. Nina Foch is beautiful and touching and should have ended with SOMEBODY. But not Jerry Mulligan. I would not want that on her.
