Spoilers in Assigning an artistic director to an operatic production naturally and inevitably means that you will get a piece of that director's mind. But conducting a Wagner opera is an especially complicated task, since he was perhaps the most explicit opera composer in terms of how things should look and how they should unfold. Hans-Jurgen Syberberg carries the filming of "Parsifal," Wagner's final masterpiece, with strange ideas enough to make it almost burst at the seams. You get more than a piece of the director: you take the whole fat pig and then a little. Syberberg must be admired for his propensity to rip the covers of the ugliest aspects of German history. But does this work to merge this desire into an opera of Wagner already replete with its own concepts? <br /> <br /> The scenes with the Holy Grail knights in Acts I and III are especially loaded with visual allegory and symbolism. These are drawn from Wagner's own time, long before, and go far beyond. If you know what these things mean, they can enrich Syberberg's vision for you (but not necessarily improve Wagner's vision); If you do not know what they mean, they are simply confusing if not annoying. I will not bother to unroll the plot of the opera here. Suffice it to say that it is a typical Wagnerian synthesis of several elements, in this case a mixture of the legend of the Holy Grail with the principles, practices and pomp of Christianity. The theme of redemption plays the main role here, as in almost all Wagner operas. <br /> <br /> I personally had to sweat to get through the first act of Syberberg (in the midst of my acclaimed acclaim, the music saved the day). But Act II increases the pace. Here we find Klingsor, the evil sorcerer, to capture the "innocent fool" Parsifal. The greatest seductress of all, Kundry, will be used to lure him to the dark side. After an initial flirtation with more symbols, these are stripped, and the long, beautiful, transforming duet between the young fool and the tempting one really takes off. Finally, the film begins to work a genuine magic, and is mainly due to Syberberg's choice to set things down naturally and simply. Suddenly, the performance begins to work (the expressive actress Edith Clever and the exuberant soprano of the team of Yvonne Minton to create a wonderful Kundry); suddenly the music seems to come to life and make vivid the inner turmoil of the two characters. The work of the camera becomes simple and silently fluid. In other words, Wagner can tell his story more on his own terms. And that works beautifully. For me, it was the most captivating part of the movie. With the re-entry of the knights into part 2 of the third act, the strange strange symbolisms unfortunately return. Some other crazy ideas from Syberberg: wearing a huge death mask from Wagner as a large supporting piece (making the protruding trumpet of the composer appear comically large); dress the knights of Act III in all sorts of costumes, wigs and makeup (what the director says? that knights are a bunch of clowns? that they express multiple or timeless layers of meaning beyond their superficial functions? insertion? "shortly after Parsifal's incredibly moving baptism of rear-projection footage of the conductor rehearsing, in modern realism, his orchestra in the studio (this completely broke my dramatic strand, requiring a few minutes to regroup), the complete avoidance of having any passage of time between Acts II and III (when we meet again with the knight and the "narrator" Gurnemanz, he must be an old and old man, and Parsifal must resurface as a weary, but wiser medium in the world). aged); but surely the most bizarre blow is to divide the Parsifal character into male / female components. Some think this is the most brilliant blow. Undoubtedly, I can credit Karin Krick, who plays "Parsifal 2", with performance of strength and dignity (she is also the best synergist of the entire cast). But please ... Wagner's conception of Parsifal is already so complex. His growth from a completely innocent boy who knows nothing of his past, to his discovery in Act II of what the eternal wound of Amfortas means and how it became his, for his return as the great Redeemer of Act III? this is the journey of a masterfully constructed character. The bi-sexual emphasis is just puzzling and absurd. (And what about this nonsense about a homoerotic Gurnemanz and Parsifal? Can not we just accept a mentor / learner relationship, which is wonderfully reversed in Act III?) The Monte Carlo Philharmonic under Armin Jordan plays with passion and beauty (although the refrain is disappointing). But after watching this movie, I just wanted to get my recording led by Solti (HIGHLY recommended) and hit my Wagnerian bearings again. The cinematic experience for me ranged from bizarre to fun and infuriating. To Syberberg's credit, he has created a visually interesting work, and certainly offers a unique insight into an important opera. But instead of joining "Parsifal," he seems to want to bring all Wagnerian things: man, life, enormous influence ... all in raw symbolic code. "Parsifal" the opera is already filled with heavy symbolism: the Grail, the Spear, the Holy Sacraments, the baptism, the ever-wounded of Amfortas, Klingsor's self-castration, Kiss, Kundry's Curse, and so on. Not to mention the * musical * symbolism that constantly sounds in the score, in the form of Wagner's leitmotiv system. "Parsifal" itself is a great symbol! Going back to my question in the first paragraph, the whole Syberberg pig is too much for me. But if this project seems like something to please your attention, then go ahead. I would not recommend just staying away from it; you can feel sincerely satisfied. Or if you need something to break your Wagner barrier, try ... but please, please do not stop here. "Parsifal" is in a late and very mature league.
