I am well aware that there is no statistical data to support the correlation between video games and violence in real life. The film is false and false because it is in complete contradiction with itself, which is what I tried to emphasize in my original review. The film fails, not necessarily because I really think these kids were influenced by video games, but because the movie defines it as "random" and does not go forward. Let me clarify. In Aileen: Life and Death of a Serial Killer, you can see that your claims about the police and being controlled by radio waves are ridiculous, but she is so upset that she truly believes they are true. The viewer can make the distinction however. On Zero Day, the two children continue to tell how they are not influenced by anything environmental, which is obviously false, since everything they do contradicts this. Neo-Nazism, talking about CNN with Wolf Blitzer (which is laughable not only because they know his name but it is a blatant attempt by the filmmaker to get coverage of his bad movie) .. etc. This film does not portray "reality", it shows nothing but falsehood to prove a point. Unfortunately you fell for the bait and did not see it, and you did not get it from my comment either. The whole movie is just taking Michael Moore's hypothesis and applying it to "real life" in the hope of validating and failing, not necessarily because the hypothesis is wrong but because the film is wrong and does not support it. Of course I do not think children playing video games are more likely to kill people, but if I'm not mistaken, there is no videotape of the Columbine children (or some teenage murderers) firing guns in the woods, claiming how they looked or Did they act like armament in Doom? Hmmmmmmm, the difference is that kids are probably aware of the media, influenced but obviously balanced or smart enough that this is not a problem. Zero Day is a bad movie, not because I really believe there is a correlation, but because the filmmaker does not know what he is trying to say, and the film does more to refute his argument and then support him. It's almost as if the new ratings given to video games had upset someone, so they created 'Zero Day' as retaliation. If you want to see the teenager killer's "careless" theory, go watch Bully.
