This review applies to the cut of the film which is generally available as "Wolfman's Fury". I understand there's an uncut version out there with additional footage, and I hope it contains at least eight or nine crucial scenes that seem to be missing in the cut known as "Wolfman's Fury." In short, the film makes absolutely no sense. It is total absurdity and incomprehensible nonsense. Waldemar Daninsky, that venerable lycanthropic anti-hero portrayed by Paul Naschy in a seemingly endless series of films, apparently is a normal guy who has just returned from a movie. trip to Tibet, where he was attacked by a yeti. Somehow, that turned him into a werewolf. Daninsky is a doctor, scientist, and instructor in what appears to be a college. One of her female counterparts, Ilona Elmann, is involved in a vague form of hypnosis ... "Chematodes," a meaningless word used to refer to a bunch of wires attached to the victim's head. Ellman thinks this will allow her to "change the direction of the human brain," naturally allowing her to rule the world, as long as she can connect to all of these strands without problems. <br /> <br /> Elmann is also into werewolves because she kidnaps Daninsky and takes him to his hidden lab. She has a lot of other people stuck there as well. Some of them look like gypsies, and they are in chains, being in various states of lucidity. Others are clearly hippies. Elmann feels that one day she may be able to "help them be human again" (?), But in the meantime she controls them with her chematodes. Waldemar becomes his hairy killer, wandering like a zombie werewolf - that's until the filmmakers decide to use scenes from another Naschy werewolf movie, "Frankenstein's Bloody Terror" (do not ask), at which point the werewolf makeup of Naschy changes considerably and he shakes like an animal. <br /> <br /> Is this making any sense? Not? Good. That's the saving grace of the movie. It does not try to engage you at any kind of intellectual level, it just goes at full speed with any absurd dialogue or cheap horror movies that can be arranged. "Fury of the Wolfman" may be the best Halloween party movie of all time. You absolutely do not have to pay attention to this, and in fact, if you do, you will be completely confused.
