I saw this little magnum opus for the first time very recently, on one of those DVD's in dollars that seem to be everywhere nowadays, and I was so moved by it that I can not contain myself. For those who have never seen this miserably miserable import from Mexico, and want to see it without being harmed by anyone else's biased comments, there are undoubtedly substantial spoilers in what follows. So if you are one of these reckless individuals, stop reading immediately and go watch yourself. If you get drunk enough in advance, you may be lucky enough to pass out before you're done. <br /> <br /> Begin with the premise that a man can become a werewolf after being bitten by a yeti. No one in the movie risks an explanation of how this type of cross-species deployment could take place, and the rest of the film is even more hopelessly pointless. But get yourself another glass of wine (or whatever you're drinking), and let's continue. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy (our werewolf) looks like a man struggling with a toothache in a town where only the dentist has traded his supply of novocaine for a cheap type of whiskey, and has been drunk since So. (Is not he the lucky one?) Naschy's facial expression never varies, whether it's in or out of makeup, and apparently no one gave him any training on how to act like a werewolf. Occasionally he tries to imitate the Lon Chaney Jr. crouched, but most of the time he just walks around in his black mafia shirt, just like another cool guy with a little facial hair. To be fair, the makeup is actually better than the actor inside it, but the continuity is infinitely worse. Naschy's werewolf is the only one I can think of who changes his shirt twice in the middle of a round. He goes from black shirt to red shirt, then back to black, then back to red, then back to black, all in a single frantic night. Curiously, he always makes Chaney crouch while wearing the red shirt, and the cool guy walks wearing the black shirt. And it is only when he is wearing the red shirt that we see much of the fury alluded to in the title. Presumably, there is something in that red shirt that just brings the animal to it. <br /> <br /> Anyway, after being bitten by the cross-pollinated yeti, the poor fellow returns from Tibet to learn that his wife was sleeping with one of his students. The two illicit lovers try to assassinate him by adjusting the brakes on his car. He survives the wreckage and comes home in time for the full moon. Then, after chewing on his wife and his lover, he pulls away again and somehow manages to be electrocuted. But is that enough? Can they let this tormented wretch rest in peace? Not a chance. He is resurrected by an alleged female scientist with a hardcore S / M, also known as "The Doctor" (and definitely not a new incarnation of Doctor Who). She unearths him and takes him to his kinky kastle, takes him to the dungeon, holds him to the wall and gives him a good flogging. Presumably such a series of indignities should be enough to put a little fury at any werewolf. <br /> <br /> After his fury of two shirts, our werewolf spends most of the rest of the movie wandering around the castle, trying to find a way out. (And who can blame him?) In the course of his wandering he encounters a variety of disconcertingly incoherent cliches, including a man dressed in medieval armor, a curiously inept imitator of the Phantom of the Opera (supposedly the Doctor's father), and a disc A group of slaves of slavery. <br /> <br /> So, what is all this, can anyone reasonably ask? One has the vague impression that it has something to do with mind control and involves something the Doctor calls "chemotrophs." (Best guess ... I really have no idea how it's written, if there is such a thing.) Fortunately, the experience ends in failure and, more importantly, ends ... before anyone has time to gnaw on one's own leg. <br /> <br /> Of course you really do not expect any sense of a movie like this, but at least it should be good for laughs. This is not. Forget it, my friend. There's a kind of insidious anarchy about this movie, from its patched tequila environment to its atrocious cinematography and agonizing musical soundtrack, which defies even the most blatant attempts to make fun of all the MST3K-like laughs. If it's not good at it, what the heck is this good for? If Montezuma's revenge could have been digitally remastered and put on a DVD, it would look exactly like this movie.
