"La Furia del Hombre Lobo" forms a completely independent plot that seems to fit nothing with Waldemar Daninsky's earlier films. Some commented that this movie should happen before the events of "Werewolf Shadow", although it was released later ... they may be right, I'm not sure. Anyway, in this film Waldemar Daninsky is bitten by a yeti-like creature in Tibet (big dialogue here - "It was a yeti.") But that's impossible. . ") And although marked with the sign of the pentagram, he is able to stop the change in a werewolf until he discovers that his wife was cheating on him. Switching to the beast one night, he kills her and her lover before running into a storm and being electrocuted. It does not take long for him to be resurrected by a dominating university professor who is performing some kind of unfathomable mind control experience. He is taken to the underground cellar of a castle where the subjects of these experiences live as chained animals. <br /> <br /> First of all - Jacinto Molina, Paul Naschy, whatever you want to call him, he is a good actor and caring passionately about his work. No matter how bad these films are, you can always rely on them for decent performance. The rest of the cast looks good enough, but it's hard to tell when they have a half-dubbed voice dubbed over all their lines. And that was really the main problem for me ... many of the voice artists they used were simply horrible, terrible, horrible. Whenever I laughed during the film it was in inept form that they delivered their lines (they seem to refer constantly to the hero as "Waldeman"). But unfortunately, it is almost impossible to find subtitled copies of Naschy movies, although they are sometimes available in the original language without subtitles. <br /> <br /> The direction of Jose Maria Zabalza seems like a kind of hit-and-miss. There are some great visual ideas in some scenes, while others are poorly constructed and poorly edited, particularly in the final scenes when that really counts. The reason for this was that Zabalza was apparently drunk most of the time while on set. He allowed his fourteen-year-old nephew to rewrite Molina's dialogue, use extras without his permission, and put together several photos of Molina's earlier films. All this virtually ruined any chance that this movie had to be one of Molina's best works, and it's no wonder the two have never worked together again. <br /> <br /> But not everything is bad news, as there are some good ideas here. Some aspects of the plot make an interesting psychological drama with the werewolf as a metaphor for jealousy and anger. The idea of ​​'werewolf as a yeti' is the one that returned in Molina's later work. Some pretty horrible, surreal things happen in the basement, and there's also a memorable sequence in the middle of the movie, where Daninsky runs from house to house through a village, killing or molesting innocents while going - a scene is particularly intense, but it's actually taken directly from Molina's first film, La Marca del Hombre-lobo, along with a few other scenes. Actually, I found the film to be a lot of fun, although there are some issues with the Front Row Entertainment version, as fairly obvious cuts (though some of them may simply be caused by the director's lack of continuity). God knows that omissions exist - I'll probably try to get my hands on the uncut version sometime in the future. <br /> <br /> This is a general and decent Naschy piece that seasoned fans can enjoy but could have been a lot better and probably would not be a good introduction.
