Bad Actors, bad filming, hectic dialogues, shallow characters, but again, it was a bad premise at first. Basically, an 11-year-old who is bullied because he has very little money gets a blank check by an idiotic criminal. Of course the 11-year-old has enough technology and intelligence to buy a house, cash a check for $ 1,000,000, and even confuse three clumsy idiots, reminding the three stooges. Preston Blake is an annoying and annoying boy who decides that when a blank check is written by a complete stranger, he will take advantage of the situation in the best possible way. In other words, he wanders in a bank, delivers a check to his printer and miraculously leaves with a million dollars in cash. Preston is also apparently capable of achieving incredible speeds on his bike due to the fact that a man driving a Jaguar after Preston and his 10-gear failed to catch him even as Preston jumped a row of cars. <br /> <br /> Of course, with all the adventure movies, there has to be hot heroine. In this case, our hot-blooded heroine is a child molestering the FBI agent who dates Preston, eleven, and promises another date when he turns 17. <br /> <br /> However, the absolute worst aspect of this film was not its escalation. , or his sloppy dialogue, such as "The only other way I could think about skinning a cat is to stick a hose in the butt and then pick up the skin." It was rather the fact that no one in the entire movie seemed to realize that the FBI did not give a damn about random people. What I could not explain is that Preston uses the alias "Macintosh" to disguise himself as an entrepreneur. Of course the FBI finds this intriguing and sends our young heroine after Preston, who uses his 11-year intelligence to scream when the lobsters fall on his face, and then treats him to hamburgers, ending with a ridiculous prank across an area cemented where jettison of water from the ground. Our heroine does not realize during this whole adventure that the criminal the FBI is pursuing is slipping and sliding right behind them as they head for the Preston limousine, complete with a one-dimensional driver who never fails to offer cheap, third-rate class. laughs that the whole family can choke. <br /> <br /> General: 1/10 is incredibly gracious for this movie. I do not see how it only has a 4.4 / 10.
