I honestly had no idea that the notorious B.I.G. (Bert I. Gordon, the director, not the murdered rapper) was still active in the 1980s! I always assumed that the delightfully inept "Empire of the Ants" was his last masterful achievement in the horror genre, but that was before my dirty hands stumbled into an old and dusty VHS copy of "The Coming," totally obscure and inaudible. of the witch movie that actually ended up being a more or less pleasant surprise! What begins as a seemingly atmospheric tale from the late Dark Ages soon turns around when a villager of the year 1692 inexplicably moves to present-day Salum, Massachusetts and immediately attacks a girl in the history museum. For you to see, this particular girl is the reincarnation of Ann Putman, who was a bad and bad girl in 1692 and falsely accused more than twenty people of witchcraft that led to her executions in the state. The man who attacked Loreen lost his wife and daughter that and wants his revenge delayed. But poor and three centuries older Loreen is just an innocent student? or is she? "Burned at the Stake" unfolds as a mix between "The Exorcist" and "Witchfinder General" with a little bit of "The Time Machine" played for good measure. All right, Bert! The plot becomes foolish and pointless with each new twist, but at least never transcends total boredom, as is often the case in other contemporary witchcraft films like "The Dunwich Horror" and "The Devonsville Terror." The film jumps back and forth between today's events and flashbacks of 1692; which keeps it fun and fast. The girl Ann Putman is a rather fascinating character, reminiscent of Abigail Williams' character in the most commonly known play "The Crucible" (also described by Winona Ryder in the 1996 movie). There are a few cool deathstrips, like the professor in the cemetery or the journalist in the library, who are committed by the ghost of the evil reverend who made a pact with Ann Putman and maybe even the Devil himself. The film gets pretty jerky and completely absurd near the end, but overall there is a good cracking fun. Also, the least you can say about Bert I. Gordon is that he has definitely built some driving skills over the years.
