I remember one Tuesday, the morning of 6/18/02, to be exact. I was dozing, trying to convince myself to get out of bed when a horrible explosion was heard. I went to the kitchen where I have a view of several neighborhoods in the south of Jerusalem and saw a pillar of smoke rising from a distant point, the sight of the smoke was followed a minute later by the siren siren. I remember running into my room, picking up my binoculars, running back to the kitchen and seeing the image of a broken glass bus. The bus was still near the embarkation station, where a terrorist boarded him and with a single click on a TNT device, killed 25 passengers, many of whom were on their way to school. The wife of a good friend of mine sat on the bus in the back row, an apparently arbitrary and meaningless decision that saved her life. <br /> <br /> I'm sure every Israeli has at least one terror. memory he wished he had never had and it was only a matter of time before someone made a movie about it. As it turned out, the movie was about to become a repressed memory of its own. The film is about a play-write in a dry race, Haim Buzaglo (played by, hmmm, Haim Buzaglo who also wrote and directed the film) who spends most of the day conducting contests with his blank page. Meanwhile, his girlfriend, a field reporter for the Israeli commercial channel, decides to report on a former army officer in debt. Buzaglo, bored and a bit paranoid, due to what is medically known as "what on earth this hot cat is dating me," asks a private detective to conduct a lookout on his girlfriend. As the detective progresses in his investigation, his observations are pervading the play and, later, the lives of his actors. Meanwhile, the play metamorphoses a comic piece into an accusation against the indifference of Israeli society. As for the film, well, the film becomes a frenetic editing exercise, housed in its little cardboard characters and unreliable dialogues, miles away from the subject with which it should deal in the first place. When I say "cardboard characters" I mean the characters who, under the writer / director's obsession with a "significant" movie, were devoid of any genuine dialogue and any fragility of reliability. I will not elaborate much on this. Suffice it to say that I am sure that barefoot and homeless male prostitutes rarely go to the theater. With the intention of seeing a play, that is. <br /> <br /> This film, according to Haim Buzaglo himself, is the first part of a current trilogy. I sincerely hope the other two films are derived from experiences like the one I wrote at the beginning of my critique, as opposed to the isolated world of characters that are anything but existent and a plot that is anything but compelling. /> <br /> 4 out of 10 on my FilmOmeter. <br /> <br /> PS This movie was a milestone in austerity. It was filmed in ten days, the whole cast worked for free and the total cost of the movie was about $ 12,000 (no, I did not omit zero or two, twelve thousand dollars). Makes you wonder why you took $ 34,000 to complete Blair's witch project.
