I've seen thousands of movies and never wrote a review, but the Red Eye I've witnessed is so at odds with the brilliant tributes posted here that I'm compelled to offer my two cents in protest - and vote the lowest score possible just to get the average of reality. <br /> <br /> This is a tedious and annoying movie from a movie that is memorable only for its apologetic representations of the terrorist target (a diplomat for John Bolton-esquire bullies who is really a nice guy, you do not know ?) and the very nice and popular Dr. Phil (whose bestselling book, one learns, is read by frequent flyers around the world). The only true Red Eye I ever experienced was rubbing my eyes in disbelief. Before you shell out $ 10 or more dollars for this B movie, read the selected quotes (from the trailer) above, and ask if you really like a movie in which these were the smarter lines to be found. Unfortunately, nothing else in this movie is better. The basic premise is goofy as hell; the acting is soft and uninspired, completely devoid of pro / antagonist chemistry; the potential for suspense is frustrated at every corner - except for the last five minutes - by bad direction and early editing; the script is littered with incongruities such as: the heroine's earliest revelations as a college lacrosse star are questioned when she later fights the antagonist with a field hockey stick; and the holes in the plot are wider than First Class (while character development is strictly Coach). <br /> <br /> And then there are moments of extreme ridicule, like when the daughter of a high-level public servant does NOT address herself directly. to the airport security, at his earliest opportunity, to warn them of a murder plan against the head of Homeland Security and his father. Or when that same woman runs with her curved leather to hell along the airport linoleum, with her arms and veins hanging out of her neck, while wearing 4-inch needle heels. Or when the pursuer pursues the same with a wound in the trachea. Or when the terrorists use a fishing rod to lift the weapon from the damn bottom of the harbor. I am always willing to suspend disbelief, but I will not jump 30 meters without a parachute. The only good thing I can say about this movie is that it portrays women who are capable (even in bimbo form) of dealing with the most extreme emergencies - the kind of gender image that is lacking in the movies Americans. Other than that, this movie never takes off, and is no more exciting than the red-eye flight from Boston to NY. Remember the last time you've been fooled by deceptive trailers and brilliant honors - in this forum or elsewhere? This is one of those moments. Wait for the Red Eye video and do not see it either.
