Wes Craven, you're laughing ... at our expense. The plot of the Red Eye is absurd ... We are confronted by a guy who apparently spent 8 weeks watching a girl, who then appears in an airport behind her, flirts and converses with her successfully, somehow swings a seat next to her It's a two-seater space, not stuck in the middle of a row of five seats (contacts at check-in?) and is very pleasant during a painfully slooooow build. Then, once in the air, in a confined space, surrounded by strangers, he immediately begins to threaten the empty, if super-efficient Rachel McAdams and says something like "we have dad, let's do what I say or daddy understands." '. Well, excuse me, but they no longer have her dad ready to slaughter-for-you-better-long before she stepped on the plane and therefore would not have been oh, soooo much simpler simply grab the gal off the street and terrify her somewhere, forgetting her father's complicated and insecure plot, tearing her nails or whatever, until she demanded the important 'call'? Or even - because this is the cinema and we need some unrealistic twists - keep the father thing in distress intact, if need be, but dress it better so that it will keep you in danger until the complicated plot has been completed . any sense, without the dumbdown plan? Alternatively, not wanting to sound like a real terrorist / assassin - could not the bazooka-missile employee have been much more easily used in, say, a car driving down the road, with the politician inside, rather than the 50th. story of a Miami beachfront hotel, from a fishing boat (remember, as we all know, security in Miami is loose, so they will get away)? I know, I know, a lot more fun than watching a pretty girl for 8 weeks, stealing her father's house to steal her wallet (which somehow - star trek style - is transported from Miami to Texas instantly) to - maybe - get her to get a politician to change the hotel room, and, and ... Well, a thousand things could go wrong here, each one completely destroying the Great Plan, so why not reduce the elements to a sensible handful? such as - 1. bazooka. 2. car. 3. boom! My 50-minute drive home from the movie theater was spent highlighting the abundance of stupid faults and twists of cod-Hitchcockian, which unfortunately was the best fun of the whole sad experience. And as for security at Miami airport ... we have a seemingly insane and violent girl fleeing a plane, pursued by police officers, who during the chase sit down for coffee, move to another place to read a magazine in a bar and then runs again like crazy going up and down the entire terminal ... now also chased by crazed Cillian Murphy (without CCTV then? - I had guns on top of me to park in the wrong place for 10 seconds at the Miami Airport a couple years ago). So instead of talking to the police - your allies - or picking up your father's direct fan to warn you that your life is in danger, McAdams prefers to steal a Family Carrier from a family on the airport patio (call the damn security ...) and heads home to Dad, mowing the killer with the vehicle in the front yard of the house, into a wealthy neighborhood watch district, smashing the front porch in the process - an act that really lightly awakens the parent of a snooze in the afternoon, after about a minute, but somehow can not register with neighbors who are not even slightly curious, thus securing another 15 minutes of hide-and-seek antics as the pair runs through the huge Hollodeck house. Dohhh, it really hurts to keep thinking about everything - Cillian (certainly renamed Silly 'un for doing this?) Absurdly transforms from ice slayer to comically unbalanced (and unfit) lunatic killer in the end, this theoretically relentless dispatcher of human life f - allowing the father to live so he could watch his daughter preparing her goose. I better stop, because the stream of nonsense I'm writing here should sound as uncoordinated as the Red Eye script. If Ms. McAdams was not allowed to get on the plane; first, the title could have been changed, from 'Red Eye' to 'No Eye, Dear'. RR
