There are moments in this unique cartoon of pure beauty, but overall not very good. Limited animation, as well as character design and background, will limit your appeal to the mass market. The character design looks like a cross between the original Star Wars Clone Wars and Kim Possible from Disney, (Brendan, the main character in this also discovers a strange resemblance to Ron Stoppable in Kim Possible). Background design varies so far as to be bland and depressing to elegant and austere, but by today's standards, it is generally still poor and cheap. Many of the backgrounds bear similarities to the European or Nordic animation of the 1980s, pleasing in their own way, but to the modern children's audience, accustomed to CG festivals and talking to every piece of fur on their bodies swaying in the wind, is make sure you disappoint. The story is also not very engaging and many of the voice actors are not overly impressive, notably the normally brilliant Brendan Gleeson, who seems to be calling from him. There are also some minor characters who seem somewhat clichéd and stereotypically racist. However, some of the characters are good, Viking villains, although underused are well made and are specifically foreboding in both visual and sound. There is a moment involving the main character and his mentor being saved by Wolves from a Viking attack that is very well set up. The look and feel also seemed to be very inspired in the movie Watership Down, including a tear / homage to Ghost Rabbit of Inlay. The look is also clear and obviously inspired by Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo-Saxon art, so if you are into these subjects, you may be attracted by their visuals. The film also has moments of very well structured shots leading the eye in a very artistic way, including a handsome cut of matches and a large-scale Viking attack that is very melancholy and impressive. Best of all is music, much of the background music is melodic and touching, specifically the music of the spirit girl who is truly beautiful and amazing and works very well with the images she covers. If the whole film was as poetic as this moment (and tries), then this would be a very beautiful and poetic film that unfortunately would not yet reach a wide audience, but instead it is not a shame that it does not reach a wider audience . because most are average and cheap and do not support modern animation standards. Overall, a movie that clearly divided my opinion in many ways, but all together are not great, but it is worth watching the music and the music and occasionally the beautiful or scary moment. Ah yes and the cat seemed to live for a long time, not knowing how that was possible.
