DOWN TO EARTH / (2001) * (of four) Blake French: "Down to Earth" is such a deceptive and desperate comedy that makes staying at home the couch watching a comedy act of Chris Rock on TV sounds like paradise. Speaking of heaven, the film is based on the 1978 movie "Heaven Can Wait". That was a good movie, and that's good to demonstrate how a group of aspiring writers can pick up decent stuff and turn it into trash. Directors Chris and Paul Weitz lose almost every target. From concept to narrative, "Down to Earth" fails miserably; this is an incredibly bad production. <br /> <br /> Chris Rock is a lousy comedian, both in his role in this film and in real life. He plays Lance Barton, whose manager (Frankie Faison) even feels sorry for him when he is booed off the stage during an amateur night at a local theater. Soon after the script establishes his lack of talent, the character is killed by a truck at high speed. Death, played by Eugene Levy, made a mistake, taking Lance before his number went up. God's assistant (Chazz Palminteri) is very angry and decides to let Lance do the rest of his time on Earth as long as he takes the only available body of a 60-year-old white millionaire. <br /> <br /> The name of the old man is Mr. Wellington, whose life has its own problems. His wife (Jennifer Coolidge) is having an affair with his assistant (Greg Germann), who is stealing his money. But that's okay because Lance, inside Mr. Wellington, fell in love with a young black woman named Sontee (Regina King). Meanwhile, there are conspiracies to kill Wellington, Lance trying to get a better body, and Sontee's confused feelings about a hospital situation involving Mr. Wellington's finances. "Down to Earth" has some good ideas, but they are in a meaningless and unconvincing love story filled with inventions and recycled material. The biggest problem is the way we perceive Lance as Mr. Wellington. Chris Rock is the actor with popularity and publicity, so he will not be absent from most of this film; all characters see the new Lance as Mr. Wellington, but we see him as Chris Rock. This is convenient for the love story; We believe a young woman would fall in love with Lance, but in reality he is actually an old gray-haired old man. This is not so convincing. <br /> <br /> The comical situation of a joke should be watching an old man doing funny things that are actually made by a young black man. But what inspires laughter is when the characters face conflicts without their knowledge. Just look at "There is something about Mary". In the funny scenes, the characters are exposed to awkward experiences, not to their will. Here, Lance knows he's in the body of an old man and does things that old men do not usually do. If Lance did not know the body he was in, it may have had potential. Another problem with the concept: we've never met Mr. Wellington at first, so how can we compare Lance in his body when we do not know how he was originally. To top it all, Chris Rock needs to be the center of attention here, and makes the character very much like Rock. He recites simple routine jokes that are tedious and painful; their dialogue is so obvious, wooden and straightforward. I hated the movie's sense of humor. There are so many bland jokes and horrible comedic situations. It's like watching Chris Rock being Chris Rock, not a character in a movie. <br /> <br /> Let's emphasize the positive aspects in "Down to Earth". Mark Addy does nothing worse here than in "The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas". Eugene Levy and Chazz Palmentari are well-laid out, but are at the mercy of a scalped script. Those are all the good qualities I can mention right now, and if you give me another week to remember, I'm not likely to come over.
