Chris Rock deserves better than he delivers on "Down To Earth." As directed by Brothers Chris & Paul Weitz's "American Pie" fame, this uninspired remake of Heaven Warren Beatty's 1978 fantasy Heaven Can Wait, itself a recreation of "Here Comes Mr. Jordan" from 1941, has no the searing profane humor that earned Chris Rock an Emmy for his first HBO special. Predictably, he swears profanities from A to Z, but he consciously avoids the F-word. Anyone who has seen this talented African-American comic book in "Lethal Weapon 4," "Dogma," or "Nurse Betty," knows he can stir up more laughter with the F word than Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy put it together. Unfortunately, despite a few witty phrases, "Down To Earth" hits the bottom, both as a planned comedy and as an improbable interracial romance. <br /> <br /> "Down to Earth" destroys any goodwill that the Weitz Brothers have generated with their famous "American Pie" face. This disposable disguise qualifies as an invented and confused comedy, with a completely unlikely interracial romance. Unfortunately, a more than competent cast among them "Full Monty" Mark Addy, Chazz Palminteri of "Analyze This", "SCTV" Eugene Levy, and newcomer Brian Rhodes as Charles Wellington, Jr. ?? Wasted on flat- papers with feet and sketches. Hardcore Rock fans no doubt accuse their favorite comedian of trying to fix something that has never been broken. "Down To Earth" is written by Lance Crouther, Ali Le Roi, Louis CK and Rock as a messenger who rides the Big Apple on a bicycle and is booed on stage at the famed Apollo Theater in Harlem. Poor Lance Barton (Chris Rock) suffers from grave fear of the stage. However, his charity manager Whitney Daniels (Frankie Faison of "Hannibal") stays with him thick and thin. After Lance discovers that the Apollo Theater will perform a final amateur night extravaganza, he begs Whitney to put him in the line-up. Excuse me, but if Lance is a standing comedian, why does Apollo still invite him back? Meanwhile, Destiny has something more reserved for Lance. While pedaling home on his bike, our protagonist sees a beautiful lady, Sontee (Regina King of "Jerry Maguire"), crossing the street, but he does not see the bus that collides with him and kills him. Wham! Lance Barton levitates to the sky with a halo around his head. In Heaven, reminiscent of a cruise ship nightclub, Lance discovers that a super-zealous angel, Mr. Keyes (Eugene Levy of "Stay Tuned"), marked his death 40 years ahead of schedule. <br /> <br /> Heavenly honcho Mr King (Chazz Palminteri of "Analyze This"), God's right arm, apologizes and takes Lance back to Earth. The problem is that Lance can not retrieve his corpse, so he must inhabit another body. The best that Mr. Keyes can present is the white mogul Charles Wellington, 60, relentless. Wellington's adulterous wife Amber (Jennifer Coolidge of "American Pie") and his unscrupulous personal advisor, Winston (Greg Germann of "Sweet November"), have just poisoned him. Reluctantly, before Wellington's body disappears, Lance accepts conditionally as a loan until Keyes can locate a more appropriate body. Meanwhile, Lance-as-Wellington meets Sontee again. She is a nurse activist protesting her decision to privatize a Brooklyn community hospital that serves the poor. While Regina King brings an excess of charisma to her role as a health care worker, she plays a character who surpasses the credible motivation in her business with Wellington. Although he is no longer black, Lance not only tries to conquer Sontee, but also wins a show at Apollo. <br /> <br /> "Down To Earth" brings Rock in its dullest role. The comedian's motive for making this movie seems questionable. He allegedly lunched with Warren Beatty and told Beatty that he loved the original script that Elaine May had written for Beatty. Initially, Beatty attempted the reversal trick in his own version, attempting to climb Muhammad Ali in the title role of "Heaven Can Wait." Business fell, and Beatty headed the film. According to Rock, his long-time co-writers and he thought they could "annihilate" this classic. In addition, he justified his choice of "Heaven Can Wait," based on his philosophy of "doing something you can only do when you're hot." Earlier, Rock rejected a screenplay about a busload of rappers on tour because he saw little opportunity to stretch his image on such a ride. As a lifeless comedian in "Down to Earth", Rock does not expand his image as much as he inverts it for the worst! This half-baked concert movie, with a boring plot, does as much to cremate its comic reputation as the Weitz brothers! You know that a movie about a comedian is in trouble when a scene in the nightclub is played, so you can not hear the jokes, just the laughs. Similarly, the cast of Mark Addy as Wellington's butler, who speaks the Queen's English but is actually a commoner from Michigan, also defies logic. Addy is a real Englishman and does not have to fake an accent; your accent is genuine. The biggest dilemma about "Down to Earth" is the "all-new-like" switch-oner the characters make, so Chris Rock does not completely disappear from view for more than a few seconds. Although Chris passes half of the movie as the white guy Wellington, the audience sees him largely as Lance, undermining the comic irony of seeing his burly bald and white mood run the mood of the ghetto and sing depreciative hip-hop lyrics. Incredibly, Rock served as the executive producer of the film and one of its four scribes. The mystery is how such a wealth of talent could unravel a comedy so strange and misguided. About the only redeeming feature of "Down to Earth" is Jamshied Sharifi's excellent orchestral soundtrack.
