I think "The Best of Times" was a lost cause from the start. The initial premise (guy knocks down the winning touchdown against a rival high school team, can never get over that and then tries to get the two teams together again) is one of the stupidest I've ever heard. Since Ron Shelton started writing much better sports films, I wonder if there was more to it. I hope this movie has not been lit with Shelton releasing the story as I wrote above. <br /> <br /> So, we have the premise. From there, you would think, or would expect, that there could be some twists along the way to keep things lively. No such luck. This script follows every predictable cliché you can imagine. There is not a moment in this movie that you will not see coming a mile away before the movie reveals it and the ending ... well, if you can not figure out the end by the end of the first roll, then you will not have paid attention or saw any other sports movie in your life. <br /> <br /> Robin Williams and Kurt Russell star (and bored) the protagonists. Williams is the poor schmo who knocked out the big pass and Russell is the quarterback who played the fateful pass. Damn, do you think Russell is going to get dressed just one more time to see if he and Williams can fix a mistake the city never forgot? This is a lame duck comedy with a lame duck script that can only shake your head wondering what it could have been. Of course there are some laughs and, to be honest, there is a really funny scene. Williams and Russell have marital problems and the wives invite them to dinner to sort things out. No guy notices they were invited on Monday, and yes, Monday Night Football is on. Keeping in mind that the two playing teams have a combined victory, the men (mostly Williams) try to resist the temptation to figure out how the game is going. The scene dissolves into some hilarious chunks as Williams goes to check the score using a bathroom visit as a ruse. When he returns, he coughs up the score for Russell. Later, when Russell is starting to take the steps in his wife, Williams takes the television to the other room. <br /> <br /> It's an inspirational and funny scene in an uninspired and stupid movie.
