Blank check is one of those children's movies that could have been a big suspense for kids but instead is a hoarse tired home that is not worth a penny. Quigley is a criminal who has just escaped from prison and receives his millions of hidden dollars from a great score and then we meet with Preston a frustrated boy whose room is taken by his brothers to start a business and obviously the father treats his brothers better because they make money On the same day he goes to a child's birthday party and as his father is very cheap, he rides little kids while the other kids go in roller coasters, so he gets a birthday card and a check of 11 dollars. So he goes to the bank to open an account and meets beautiful Shea Stanley if her parents knew the fans? he discovers that he needs 200 to open an account while Quigley gives his million to his friend banker and discovers that the bills are checked so he will send a footman named Juice to pick up the unmarked ones when Preston leaves his bike run over by Quigley he is about to to write a check when he sees the cops and screws back home his parents scolded him about his busted bike and gets grounded what? Your son almost got hit and they worried about a motorcycle? So Preston forges a check for a million dollars through his computer and back only to be escorted to the banker thinking he is juice, he gives Preston the money but the real juice came and realized that they were cheated by a boy ! So Preston buys a mansion under the name of Macintosh gets a limousine driver who says unsightly jokes and goes to epic shopping, so he sees Shea and talks about opening your account, you're loaded and you're talking about opening an account? Soon we realized that Shea is actually an FBI agent tracking Quigley and his two other accomplices, so he told his father that he has a job for Mr. Macintosh and spends the day riding karts playing vr and hanging out with his chauffeur of limousine then he goes out on a date with Shea at a fancy restaurant that a 10-year-old venerating and dining an FBI agent? Then he takes her to a street geyser and plays in the water messing up Shea's $ 300 dress, but she accepts it if that were a little realistic, she slaps him for ruining her expensive dress, so Quigley and the other still crazy quizzes a small boy and quickly spills the beans and Preston is being chased by Quigley in a scene taken from the original screenplay and then he's hosting Mr. Macintosh's birthday, which is really his birthday when he discovers he could not afford the party that he sits in his chair and daddy talks to MacIntosh that he does not know it's his son he's talking to and talks about Preston must be a real kid and he has all his childhood in front of him and wants Preston to go home more early what? an hour ago you were grilling him about your finances! then Preston asks everyone to leave and sits alone thinking when Quigley and the others invade the house to make Preston pay and then he faces then in an end that leaves home alone quigley turns in a ball while Preston is driving kart juice is hit in the groin and more pranks happen until the trio receives Preston cornered and when it seems that all hope is lost Shea and a bunch of SWAT guys come to save the day and then Quigley and his team are sent to jail but are Is there any hope for Preston and Shea? there is and she kisses him on the lips what? what? what? An old woman kissed a child on her lips. Come on, she's mentally handicapped? I mean, an FBI agent who knows the laws of the country would risk her career to kiss a child? she could be stuck on the spot! and the scariest part of all is that it's not goodbye and she'll see you in 6 or 7 years! oh dear and then he comes home to his family celebrating his birthday, so the moral of the story is love and respect can be bought? What are they smoking? The bottom line is it's a waste of time the morale is struck It's flat like a tortilla The kid is pissing The villains are lame Comic relief is not funny The brothers are nasty The father is even worse The romantic subplot is scary A superficial plot and the only saving grace is the pope's cinematography that was filming the matrix trilogy and two of the Spider-Man movies so people will not waste their money and will watch at home alone. <br /> <br /> This was a review of Samuel Franco.
