Two years ago, at the Berlin Film Festival, we watched Amos Kollek's film "Sue" in the Panorama program, with a wonderful Anna Thomson in the main part. It's a movie about loneliness and sex, and how one thing is compensated for by the other. In the same section of the Festival, we now have to complain about Sue's superfluous antithesis, "Extension of the domaine de la lutte," which now tries to convince us that loneliness and not having sex is the same problem. But unfortunately we can not sympathize with "our hero" (as he is called by the storyteller) because he is unnecessarily and incomprehensibly tired of company and himself. Guilt itself, I'm sorry. I can not understand it. It is not enough, the writer / director / actor wants to admit to him, that it is not his self-consciousness destroyed or the passivity of his personality, which has brought him so far, but rotten society and his image of sexuality. Yes, there are some deeper insights into gender relations, but we will not follow it until now ... And the point is there is some sign of reflection on your own share of fate, without sex. Who has not noticed yet, it's a very depressing film ... <br /> <br /> At first, there were some beginnings to be more precise in outlining the situation. In the bed shop, the "hero" talks about the obstacles when buying a new bed. Maybe it's too wide to climb the stairs, you have to stay home half a day ... This is a satire about a character, who does not know how to take his life and heart in his hands, doing something ... The movie does not Do not follow this path, but deal with your characters with helplessness. No one believes that "our hero" is capable of instigating Tisserand for a murder. Very dull, very gentle, too passive (not to mention the Tisserand complex; he has an inhibition, but he could not, of course, be a killer of women!). To conclude: There are women and the world, is not a device of a modern society sexualized. Help him as best you can, but do not follow the messages and "wisdom" of this film, which announces the bankruptcy of human relationships without taking advantage of real internal conflicts.
