For those who like predictable movies with a horrible soundtrack, lack of dialogue, clichés to the wazoo and also stereotypes that happen to be typical of an American film, look no further. DreamWorks wanted to save money on acquiring voice talent or really wanted to create an animated episode of National Geographic; Anyway, they managed to deliver a flat and boring film. Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron is a boring festival that sends mixed signals to children and adults, and also can not entertain, despite the cute theme of animals triumphing over humans. After looking beyond the wonderful animations, what you have left is nothing but a big mess. <br /> <br /> The spirit is about a stallion that from the beginning of the film looks like a handful, since he is a horse that can not be tamed, calmed or controlled. Because of this, he stands up and becomes the leader of his group of animated horses, which includes his mother. But his life of freedom and running around is interrupted abruptly when he is captured by a group of Americans in the process of connecting the Old West with the rest of the country. During this time, Spirit (who has never actually nominated him throughout the film) befriends a brave Native American and a horse companion, and also has many disagreements with the cynical and cruel army that apparently does not believe in giving up. <br /> <br /> Why should films mix computer animation with traditional ones? It looks like something intertwined, something that Spirited Away also suffered. The best example is when a train is running after the Spirit; you see the Spirit drawn by hand running from a computer-animated train. It would be much better if it was one or the other, but not both; unless you can actually get some cool effects. The famous dance sequence of Beauty and The Beast uses computer animation, but it's not nearly as obvious as the train or snow in this movie. The opening sequence was the most beautiful part of the film, kind of sad to see the rest of the film slip a little in terms of quality. A small scene has several; I mean, several similar photos of only one face of a general, quite repetitive and annoying in my opinion. <br /> <br /> Children may like this movie, but with the lack of dialogue, music and motivation, it can be perfect technique in making kids hyper numb. While Disney is criticized for its lively musicals, they end up becoming a lot more fun than a more realistic approach to telling a story like that. Bryan Adams has no place in this movie, and why does not Hans Zimmer use a Western theme in this movie when it comes to a story in the Wild West? The soundtrack sounds a bit off if you ask me. At least they're using realistic horse noises, two points to that. However, if you will refrain from making the horses speak, why even a storyteller has to be interrupted from time to time, what happens to be the main character himself? <br /> <br /> Native Americans are good, and Westerners are evil people, native killer, horse torturers, psychopathic monsters that need to be destroyed. More or less, that's what the Spirit is showing us. It reaches a point where they are striving so hard for viewers to hate the travelers of the Wild West; they even had a scene of several horses pulling a huge train up a hill, and another scene of them destroying an entire village of natives. Now the person who has made the Spirit betrayed him on more than one occasion, but this is forgivable, apparently because he is not a soldier; this or because he has the racy female horse. <br /> <br /> The spirit is not exactly a victim for which we should feel sorry; the spectator must sympathize with the Spirit even though he puts his whole group of horses at risk, causing havoc, and perhaps even resulting in some off-screen deaths that are quickly pushed aside because oh no, the Spirit is in trouble ! This film gets quite rhythmic, as we see in several instances: Spirit escaping from the chains, kicking people around, destroying properties, releasing horses and then being captured again - all in that order as well. Writers also seem to have an obsession with cliffs because they are scattered throughout the film; For an Old West movie, they certainly have very little room to move around. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: This is certainly not a Disney movie, in fact this is a bad thing even if it were they were aiming for. So, instead of the typical musical, we have a boring movie that becomes predictable, monotonous and slow in multiple instances. Even decent animation becomes inconsistent when the computer's work is inserted. Everything about this movie was wrong; of the ideals that at that time Americans who were not natives were evil clowns, the soundtrack and the musical track that seemed so distant. Kill Bill Vol. 2, which has practically nothing to do with the Wild West, has more of a Western feel than this movie. Do yourself a favor and totally skip this by all means necessary. Thank you.
