It's good to see people like Oliver Stone, Brian DePalma, Al Pacino and even Michelle Pfiefer make a monumental piece of cinematic junk. It's good to see people so rich and "successful" wasting their time on one of the most forgettable, banal and pathetic movies of all time. This movie represents the worst in Hollywood. <br /> <br /> What is this? It is based on a true story. Well, they start with some basic news and facts they read today in the US. But then the movie departs for some fantasy world and a 'Cuban' refugee goes to the American subculture of drugs; like Rocky on cocaine. Is it a movie about Cuba or Cubans? For my life, I do not believe there is a single Cuban in this movie. The accents are totally false, and the scene with Antonio's mother looks like a poster for the American midwestern values. The whole scene looks like something out of Dick Van Dyke's show. Is this movie about Miami? It looks more like the A.A. transposed in Florida. After all, a palm tree is a palm tree. Is this a romance novel? The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is so obvious from the getgo, and there is not a shred of possibility that these two characters can care for each other. Is this a drug movie? Well, no matter of obsession or addiction is mentioned. The behavior of actors after a cocaine line is no different than if they had a glass of water. Of course, the acting is terrible. <br /> <br /> Let's go for the rest. The music is disgusting and sounds like Latin elevator music or something out of a Lawrence Welk show. I think I heard a polka? The camera work is of poor quality with a lot of movement and a lot more cranes than it could be effective. Clearly, the budget of photography was excessive. The sound is bleached at various points, and the dialogue appears to be performed in a warehouse. The writing is terrible. This is one of those movies where the script is written. You are drawn from one trivial piece of dialogue to the next, each pushing the plot like a sack of bricks. <br /> <br /> So I'm going to ask, is this really a movie? It could be a dramatic series patched for two and a half hours. But at least one drama series has some kind of focus. Maybe it's just a bunch of misinterpreted scenes shot together. Whatever it is, film or not, it sucks.
