THIS CONTAINS SPOILERS. <br /> <br /> I've rarely seen a film as unbelievable as this. And being French, try the depth to be puzzling ?? nothing really makes sense. <br /> <br /> Leo is gay and just announced at breakfast for his family that is HIV positive. The younger brother, Marcel, has not yet gone down to breakfast, and the first thing the family does is decide that at age 12 he is too young to be told. Maybe if he was four or five, but twelve? The first thing totally unbelievable is that the family does not even ask where or how he got the virus, how long has he known this? nothing is asked for. They just worry about the fact that Marcel finds out. This is a close-knit provincial family, but although they decide not to let Marcel know about Leo's positive HIV status or the fact that he is gay, the rest of the family accepts all this news with absolutely no question or reaction. How many families do you know where the parents / siblings would not have at least SOME reaction to one of the members announcing that he / she is gay? Nothing here. <br /> <br /> Léo decides that he needs to go to Paris to see his ex-lover. And he decides to go on the trip with, of all people, Marcel. Do you know anyone who would bring their little brother to see a lover? Again, totally unbelievable, especially since Marcel should have known neither of his medical problems nor of his homosexuality. If this is the way the family decided to let him find out, it's pretty brutal and again unbelievable. <br /> <br /> Léo will find his lover, Aymeric, at his work in a bar in Paris. The owner says Aymeric will not be there until early evening. But why did Leo want to see him at work? Why not call and dial to see him somewhere more private where they can actually talk? Why not go and see him at his house? But no, Léo appears at the end of the day (with Marcel in tow) and is surprised when Aymeric does not drop everything to walk with him for 5 minutes. Aymeric tells him that he is no longer available, that it was Leo who left him, and that Leo did not reply to any of his letters. Leo says "But I love you" and then he walks away. But if he really loved Aymeric, would not he at least have told him about his HIV status, to warn him to take the test and maybe get medication? Would that be the least he could do? but not a peep. He leaves and does not even warn Aymeric that he could have contracted the AIDS virus. Is that totally irresponsible of him? and the filmmakers; this movie was apparently made for a French TV series for young people? is the perfect way to show children how to be responsible. Well, you're not here? I think "every man by himself" is still the French way of doing things? Another aspect of the film that was totally unbelievable was the "delicate" aspect. Everyone is always leaning against someone, stroking someone or kissing someone. Inside the family and outside the family. I have never seen anyone in France be physically, nor a whole family. Sitting at the breakfast table, a 17-year-old brother has his leg perched on his older brother's lap, and the older brother is stroking his leg while everyone is discussing something. How many siblings do you know who are physically close? In another scene, the same 17-year-old boy enters Marcel's room asking, "What's the matter, you can not sleep?" So take off your clothes and, completely naked, go to bed with your brother and snuggle to him as if they were lovers. This and another similar scene between Leo and Marcel gave a somewhat incestuous sensation to the film. Sorry, again I do not believe this is a regular behavior among teenage siblings. <br /> <br /> The only good thing I can say about the movie is that the actors are all well? especially Marcel in the lead role. But was not it really enough? HIV and AIDS are too serious to be presented in such a vague and irresponsible light. At the end of the movie, the family went to the graveyard to bury Leo, but once again, Marcel was left out? he was left in the care of a cousin (I think). However, he escapes and attends the funeral from afar. Is this what a close-knit family would have done? It is totally inconceivable that they did not include him in his brother's funeral. It was the last scene of the movie, and it was the last straw for this viewer.
