The recent dating boom on US television screens has reached a fever pitch since the first episode of "The Bachelor." The unsuspecting public has been subjected to countless clones and variations, including "The Bachelorette Party," "Joe Millionaire," "For Love or Money," and the execrable "Married By America." Hoping to profit from this trend, while exploring and exploiting a new demographic, Bravo launched the disastrous "Boy Meets Boy" in the world. And may they have mercy on us all. <br /> <br /> The premise is simple and is designed to be carefree: an eligible homosexual man is courted by a number of suitors, eliminated by show show until one is left but there is a turnaround Half of men are actually heterosexual . This is no big deal, but the inherent cruelty of the scenario comes into play after hearing the pay: If, at the end of the show, the gay man chooses a heterosexual man in disguise, the heterosexual man wins a cash prize. premium. The gay man does not get anything, or at least nothing more than a few goodbye gifts, a pat on the back and a warm round of "are not you ashamed? Well thank you for playing!" Like the equally painful "Queer Eye for the Straight Guy" (another Bravo show), this program is another example of crazed stereotypes. What makes it even worse, however, is the fact that heterosexual men are throwing these stereotypes in cash. The producers of this show believe that all you have to do is put enough hair gel on a man's hair, wear Abercrombie & Fitch with a pair of designer sandals, strip it of all body hair and fat and ready ! It's the gay equivalent of putting a white artist on the blackface, and so offensive to those of us - like me - who are genuinely gay and do not dress like that. This implies that gays have no variation or chance of individuality, that they can not behave like real people, just like stereotypes. No matter the fact that the suitors bank is extremely lacking in any kind of diversity. All are in shades of gym, most are white, and all seem very clean and clean. <br /> <br /> This is another example of how, instead of encouraging the acceptance of gays as dynamic individuals able to vary and change, Hollywood once again took on a stereotype and ran with him to the bank. I feel genuinely dirty watching this show, as any gay man who sees this brazen parade of soft-core porn disguised as legitimate television shows. 1 out of 10.
