I watched full house when I was younger and I can not understand why I did it. I do not really remember enjoying the show. I think that I and most Americans watching this were hypnotized by their evil. It will put you in a trance state and there is no turning back. I still have scars, but I try to move on. I know it's a family show, but that does not mean it has to be that bad. The show is so cliché with each episode that ends with a "talk" from the father to make everyone's problems go away. The characters in the program are all disgusting. There is one knows everything, clean obsessed, tacky dad that you want to punch his face every time he comes on the screen. We then have a supposed "rocker" uncle who is there just to look cute to the mothers who have to watch that crap. We have another uncle who is completely bland and who does Bullwinkle manias (need I say more about him). There is the eldest daughter who can not act and is always whining about something. Then a middle daughter who always says "HOW RUDE!" for just about anything anyone says. Finally, there's the youngest daughter, Michelle. Do not make me get Michelle played, but the horrible actors known as The Olsen Twins. If you believe in Christianity, I think you would associate it with the antichrist. She is always demanding things, trying very hard to be "cute", is constantly saying "DUH!" and rolling her eyes that makes you want to hit her. I'm not a big fan of using too much physical abuse as punishment for children. But in her case, I would make an acceptance. She needed this every day. She is the most selfish character to be introduced to conventional television. An example of this is when his rocker uncle is busy doing his work in the attic. The brat constantly decides to annoy him and demand attention. He yells at her and she gets upset. POOR BABY! The rest of the episode is meeting her emotional needs and her uncle ends up apologizing to her. UGGHH! The show will lower your IQ and slowly destroy your will to live. It surprises me that we do not hear from the news about the full house being blown to the bottom when police find people who committed suicide. Do yourself a favor and do not watch the reruns of the show. You'll thank me later.
