What is the most distressing movie ever made? The gynecological nightmare of 'Screams and Whispers'? Fassbinder's acidic psychodramas? The disconcerting black comedy from 'Last House on the left? I'm sure that for that part of the movie-loving audience that ties their masts to the good ship Buster Keaton, there's only one answer - any of their sound films. <br /> <br /> I do not know what skinned my soul most poignantly in this film - the basis of Keaton's intricate and expansive physical art to a monotonous clowning; the painful hesitation of this master filmmaker with the dialogue - not that he does not have a charming and comic voice, or that he can not make the dialogue funny; it's just that the studio does not seem to have given him enough takes, and then he seems to be trying to remember his lines before delivering, which only makes him - Keaton, not his character, looks silly; Or is it the humiliation of seeing Keaton trapped in a tasteless sexual farce when he gave us some of the richest reports of romantic frustration in the movies? <br /> <br /> No, I know what was most disturbing - having to watch Buster Keaton, the greatest comedian in the movies, sit down to watch Jimmy Durante doing his antics. These horrors cause Dantes to compose his Infernos. MGM seems to have had the curious idea that the best way to adapt Keaton to sound was to transform him into a Marx Brother, complete with pedantic verbal, elaborate and tedious "clown", chaotic clowning, theatrical scenery, triumph in the chaos and Thelma Todd. Keaton was not just that kind of comic, and where Groucho's malicious language and cheerful opportunism could have made that plot work, Buster's socially unfit teacher can not, he's much studied and predictable. <br /> <br /> What Buster needed was to allow experiences like Lang in 'M', or Rene Clair; he would never have tried to contain the tide like Chaplin. When a movie like "The General" is mentioned - playing with the trains - the loss becomes even more apparent. <br /> <br /> And the thing is, in pieces in the flat direction, the movie is not so bad - there is an excellent jolt when a camera on the bus leaves Keaton alone at a train station; and the denouement, if not original, is at least more alive than before. There's something almost captivating about the way Keaton slows down a plot that needs every zip he can get. There is a film here about loneliness, the emotionally paralyzing order, the numbing effects of education, etc., struggling to get out. The best way to appreciate this film is to observe not the narrative of Professor TZ Post, but the emasculated genius Buster Keaton, trapped in a prison of mediocrity, confused by new technologies, ridiculed by a malevolent fate (in this case, the studio), holding a Stoic grace. It seemed like this, it becomes a kind of masterpiece.
