Becoming a fan of Buster Keaton is having your heart broken on a regular basis. Most of us first find Keaton in one of the brilliant films of his long period of independent production: "The General," "The Navigator," "Sherlock Jnr." We recognize him as the greatest figure in the entire history of movie comedy, and we want to see more of his films. Here the heartache begins. After "Steamboat Bill Jnr," Keaton's brother-in-law, Joseph Schenck, pressured him to sign a contract that put Keaton under MGM's control. Keaton has just become one more actor hired by running someone else's scripts. Then the alcoholism got worse. After "Steamboat Bill Jnr," Keaton has never made a truly top-quality film. Some sources describe an alleged masterpiece comedy that Keaton claimed he * almost * managed to do at MGM: a parody of "Grand Hotel". Biographer Tom Dardis offered convincing evidence that Keaton invented this story. <br /> <br /> Disgust increases because between Keaton's many years of constant and long decline, he only occasionally invented a good movie ... like his short comedy "Grand Slam Opera." I continue to search for the lost footage of Keaton's dramatic scene with Spencer Tracy in 'It's a Mad Mad World': a sequel in which bitter cop Tracy phones an old retired criminal (Keaton) and tries to recruit him to steal money by Smiler Grogan. This footage has almost certainly disappeared forever, but I keep looking. <br /> <br /> 'Speak Easily', unfortunately, is one of Keaton's films since the beginning of its decline. MGM was trying to build Jimmy Durante (who, coincidentally, played Smiler Grogan three decades later) as a new comedy star. Unfortunately, MGM attempted to construct Durante's work by linking it to Keaton, whose comedy style was simply incompatible with Durante's. (I'm a fan of both.) Throughout his career, Durante was a thief of ruthless scenes: laudably, he knew he was being raised at Keaton's expense, and Keaton was the only co-protagonist that Durante had never tried to overcome. Keaton was often cast as a victim of extremely cruel machinations. In 'Speak Easily', he plays a college professor from the Midwest, didactic and humorless, called Post (because he is wood) who receives a letter stating that he inherited $ 750,000, which he must travel to New York to claim. Does he make a phone call to check this out? Does he check the stamp? Not; he takes the savings of his life from the bank and runs to New York. As soon as he leaves, Post's employee confesses that he wrote the (false) letter to get Professor Post out of his routine! <br /> <br /> Post, who thinks he's a millionaire, crosses the road with Jimmy. Dodge (During), who is trying to produce a music magazine, but has no money. The characters that these two brilliant comedians are playing on the screen simply can not get in touch. Keaton is playing one of these intellectuals (like Mister Logic in 'Viz') who intellectualizes everything. During he plays one of those annoying idiots who is unable to make any direct statement because the script requires him to always speak in slang. There is a painfully bland dialogue scene in which During tries to talk to Keaton about money, but - instead of speaking directly about it - during the use of slang expressions more and more elaborate, such as "cabbage", "carts" and so on. ... while Keaton, of course, has no idea what Durante is doing. I'll credit Keaton: his own dry, dusty prairie voice, his flattened Kansas accent, is absolutely perfect for the character he's playing here. <br /> <br /> <br /> Sidney Toler, looking much slimmer and prettier here than he would be just a year later, is astounding how the excited director of the magazine was countered (by tick) by Professor Post. Henry Armetta, who I've never found funny, is even less funny than usual here, offering a joke with a stupid reward. Thelma Todd impressed me here in a vilest version of the role she played in 'Horse Feathers' (a much funnier film). Edward Brophy, one of my favorite actors, is wasted. <br /> <br /> Part of the 'Speak Easily' problem is that supporting characters behave in completely inadequate ways. Keaton's lawyer appears at Durante's theater with an urgent message for Keaton ... but he is not there, so the lawyer goes on to divulge Keaton's personal business to the first stranger he knows. (Blazes that lawyer, Buster!) In another scene, Professor Post - the guy who is seen as responsible for this musical - walks hard in the girls' locker room, and all the choristers immediately scream and cover themselves. I know modern-day chorus girls would never react that way, and I seriously doubt that chorus girls in 1932 behaved like that ... certainly not in response to the 'angel' who controls the series' pursuers. <Br /> <br /> SPOILERS COMING. About half an hour after the bland "Speak Easily," the great Jimmy Durante sits at the piano, smiles at the camera, and does that little shake of his head as he begins to play a song. This is the moment when I thought that finally this movie would finally accommodate itself to the purpose of entertaining us. Unfortunately not. Most annoying of all is the ending of the film, which uses the most banal and implausible cliché of any comedy: one in which an incompetent imbecile becomes a comedian starring in his own ineptitude. (Keaton would be forced to repeat this cliché in a 1955 episode of 'Screen Directors Playhouse', Chaplin had already used it in 'The Circus'). <br /> <br /> I almost cried - with anger and sadness - at the wasted opportunities in 'Speak Easy'. Mostly out of respect for the work that Keaton, Durante, Toler, Brophy and Miss Todd have done elsewhere, I will rate this movie with 2 points out of 10. <br /> <br />
