For most of the younger viewers, they probably have no idea who Buster Keaton was. So because of that, they probably will not feel so sad when they watch this movie as I do. I happen to be a silent comedy - having seen almost every Keaton movie yet. My being a big fan made this movie very painful from start to finish. That's because during his days of silence, Keaton was a very vibrant and creative comedian. He was incredible in his physicality and his films almost never were dull. However, in a move that the film's historians are still perplexed, at the end of the era of silence, Keaton gave up his independence and became an MGM actor. Instead of being a great creative force, MGM now saw Keaton only as an actor - and they wrote screenplays for him that did not respect what made him great. In the beginning, these MGM movies were not as bad (like CAMERAMAN), but with talkies, the studio really messed it up - putting it in several movies with Jimmy Durante. Durante's mood was based on his gift for speaking and it was abrasive. Keaton, by contrast, was quiet and action-based. Two more different and incompatible actors would have been difficult to find. As a result of this deadly combination, Keaton made some truly awful movies. <br /> <br /> Now, that does not mean that EASY SPEECH is a terrible movie. No, instead, it's just another time passer and an incredibly bland. In fact, if you go to the movies on the assumption that it's a comedy, it's likely to make the film more difficult to appreciate. Instead, it's like a drama with some comic elements. It is NOT a movie that produces laughter - especially for Keaton fans. <br /> <br /> The movie begins in a strange setting. Keaton is cast as a college professor whose whole life is teaching. He knows nothing of the world and has his nose stuck in his books. In a bizarre move, Keaton's servant makes him believe that Keaton received $ 750,000 from a dead relative - hoping that this would encourage Keaton to go out and enjoy life. This is incredibly planned, but somehow it can work. Not very well, but it works. <br /> <br /> Keaton leaves school immediately and leaves for New York to have fun. On the way there, he meets an unbelievably talented theater troupe. Because he does not know anything about the world, he does not seem to notice that they stink. And, because he thinks he's rich, Keaton decides to take them all to New York to perform on Broadway. However, shortly before the show opens, his friends discover that Keaton is NOT rich. So they decide not to tell Keaton and try to keep him away from the process servers who want to close the program. They assume that if the show is a success, they can pay off the debt and everyone will be happy. However, they forget that the show itself stinks. What should they do? And Keaton is going to get the cool girl, be tied up by a prospector (Thelma Todd) or run out of money and alone? If you care, watch the movie. <br /> <br /> As for Keaton, he has some acrobatics in the movie, although there are some dandy near the end. Instead, Keaton kind of goes through the part in a very moderate way. There is very little to love about this movie or hate. It's just blah .... when should it have been so much better.
