I watched this film over the weekend and, while I was impressed, as always, with the beauty and refinement of the films produced by the Church, I was disappointed that it fell so little, failing to inform the members and leaving the investigators with lots of questions no reply. > <br /> The film is 70 minutes of vignettes from the life of Joseph Smith. It is not a true biographical film because there is no real coherent narrative. Most episodes relate to Joseph doing good deeds, playing baseball, running races and laughing with children, often on the move sloooow. Great, just the kind of face Joseph was, huh? Look at him outside hitting rugs for his wife Emma. Well, howzbout the carpets of your 33 plural wives ?? No mention is made of polygamy. A glaring omission. <br /> <br /> And it is in these omissions that the film fails. It provides very little information and leaves members of the critical thinking audience wondering WHY is Joseph getting tarred and feathered, WHY is he being thrown in jail and why does this mob want to kill him? The climax of the film is, of course, the journey of Joseph and Hyrum to the prison of Carthage (passing through a real UN of faces looking through the gates of Nauvoo). But no mention is made about why. Nothing about Smith suppressing the Nauvoo Exhibitor newspaper and ordering his destroyed press for revealing the secret teaching of polygamy. The public is either thinking or assuming that it is only a more unfounded persecution of the Church. No mention of Joseph being charged with treason for declaring martial law and calling the Nauvoo militia. Of course, I certainly did not expect this film produced by the Church to present the recent biography of Joseph of Richard Bushman, Rough Stone. Rolando, but I was surprised and surprised at how little substance was actually presented. <br /> <br /> And worse, what substance that was presented was often imprecise. Two examples jumped at me. First, the translation of the Book of Mormon. The film shows Joseph reading the gold plates on his two rings, which were actually hidden away from the place. It is well known that Joseph made his translation by burying his face in his hat, looking at the seer stone inside. The second imprecision occurs in the Carthage chain, where the mob attacks the cell. A History of the Church reports that Joseph had six shots and even took a few shots before jumping out the window and giving the Masonic signal of anguish (as reported in the Times & Seasons). <br /> <br /> Perhaps showing the reality of the shooting would have shaken the heartfelt mood that the filmmakers had created, but omitting it, they were unfaithful to the story and failed to show Joseph how he really was: accessible with a weapon and able to defend himself. In fact, the impression the film gives is that Joseph was a nice guy, but also a kind of milquero that everyone hit, threw in jail and ended up murdering in cold blood. He was far from it; Joseph was a disciplined and determined man, who suffered many difficulties and struggled to realize what he believed in. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie, but know it's cotton candy. Then grab your meat and potatoes by reading a copy of Bushman's biography of Smithman, Rough Stone Rolling. <br /> <br /> PS: The films produced by the Church do not have credits, but the experienced eyes can choose some familiar faces. Rick Macy is excellent as Joseph Smith Senior and Bruce Newbold, beloved as Thomas in Finding Faith in Christ, here plays the frantic Methodist minister who failed to show Christian love to a young seeker of Truth.
