This came out during the last breath of the western genre; unfortunately, emerges as a very insignificant and insignificant effort - even if done by and with veterans on the field! To begin with, the plot offers nothing remotely new: James Coburn escapes a gang of chains, intent on killing the man (now retired) who put him there - Charlton Heston. While the latter lays a trap for him, Coburn tricks Heston by kidnapping his daughter (Barbara Hershey). Of course, the ex-law man - accompanied by the promised brother of Hershey (Chris Mitchum) - goes in pursuit of Coburn and his followers, all of whom broke up with him. Instead of dealing with the process in his usual sub-Fordian style, McLaglen prefers a Sam Peckinpah approach - with which he is never quite at ease: repellent characters, a lot of violence, and the generated sexual tension by the presence of Hershey among the vigorous group of Coburn. Incidentally, Heston and Coburn had already appeared together in a Western Sam Peckinpah - the troublesome MAJOR DUNDEE (1965; I really need to get the restored edition of this on DVD, although I recently recorded the theatrical version in pan-and-scan format off TCM UK). In any case, the film is too generic to produce the elegiac mood for which it clearly strives (again suggested by the title): then again, both stars have already paid a valiant value to this more American genre - WILL PENNY (1968) for Heston and Coburn with PAT GARRETT & BILLY THE KID (1973)! At least Heston retains a bit of dignity here - his aging character trying to stay ahead of the mongrel Coburn, anticipating his next move; the latter, however, faces an extraordinarily brutal role and only climaxes (savoring his moment of revenge, forcing Heston to witness Hershey's rapes by his partners). In addition to this latter sequence, Heston attempts to fool Coburn with a trick borrowed from his own EL CID (1961), the villain gang is then trapped inside a forest fire burned by the practiced Heston and violent death of the two 'obsolete'. "The cast of support includes Michael Parks as the ineffective sheriff of the town, Jorge Rivero as Coburn's Mexican lieutenant, and Larry Wilcox. TV series CHiPs! - as the youngest member of the Coburn gang, who has the task of taking care of Hershey (while struggling to keep his frills away!) Jerry Goldsmith contributes a tasty score but at the same time, little remarkable.
