First of all, my heartfelt commissions for those who bought a movie ticket hoping to see a movie in the same mold as the fantastic Gregory Girl and local Hero, but ultimately left the theater disappointed and vaguely misleading. While it is true that sequels are usually bar a few notable exceptions, a mistake and there are only to provide studio executives the opportunity to profit from the success of an earlier film by offering us a poorly disguised rework of the original story or such a storyline distant from the intentions of the original that the resulting film makes no sense. In the case of Gregory's Two Girls, Bill Forsyth has the dubious honor of being able to commit both sins - on the one hand revisiting Gregory's Girl's plot while at the same time serving a downright incredible and foolish story line involving the Scottish gun dealers. High school Gregory is now a teacher at the same school where, at the tender age of sixteen, he had a desperate passion for football playing with Dorothy. Although now thirty-five, Gregory still nurtures a passion without hope, but now for football playing Frances, also sixteen, despite the fact that music teacher, Bel made it clear that she is attracted to him. His passion for Frances and his desire to impress her led to involvement in a scheme to expose a local gun dealer who is also a former schoolmate. There's no point in going further, because the rest of the story is forgettable and the ending does not make any sense. The main problem lies in Gregory's own character, in which there is no sign of the charming and charming Gregory, sixteen, who actively and comically seeks Dorothy convinced that he would eventually conquer her. At thirty-five, Gregory is presented to us as a rather sad and friendless creature whose life is neither active nor comic. Out of work, his time is spent watching Noam Chomsky's videos and reading magazines about international injustices. As her friends and family members of the previous film have apparently disappeared, save two nonsensical scenes with her younger sister who does not offer her advice or seems interested in her whole life, we are confused about what Gregory really wants, who he is and because he is just the way he is. Why, for example, is he a friend? Why does he never see his father, who is clearly still alive? Why did he go back to teaching at the school he attended? Why is he so interested in Noam Chomsky and injustice? Why did he become so apathetic? Why is he attracted to Frances? Why is not he attracted to Bel until the last twenty minutes of the movie? What, in the name of heaven, Bel or Frances see in it, since it is not at all beautiful or even interesting? Why does he continue to try to impress Frances even after he and Bel became an item and when his association threatens to completely disrupt his life? Do we really believe that a Scottish gun dealer openly selling torture weapons to oppressive regimes would be able to avoid media scrutiny, but would fall against a pair of school children? Does Gregory really think throwing a handful of computers into the sea will change anything? To make matters worse, actor John Gordon Sinclair tries to remake his performance as teenager Gregory, down to facial expressions and clumsy body language. Unfortunately, at the age of thirty-five, this seems strange and vaguely scary. Also, it is hard to feel some sympathy or empathy for a teacher who has erotic dreams involving sex with one of her pupils wearing uniforms while both are on a pile of gym mats. Rather than being fun, it simply smells like pedophilia. It's hard to know what was going on in Bill Forsyth's mind when he wrote this script or why he thought fans of the original movie would embrace a story so utterly lacking in charm, intelligence and enthusiasm that made the first film into a classic. I can only assume that the plan was to create a film about a man who was refusing to grow up and commit to adulthood and perhaps whose happiest memory was to be sixteen and chase the prettiest girl in school, but gradually is forced to accept that a life lived in the past is no life at all. At least it could have been the basis of a thematically interesting and intelligent film. As they are Gregory's Two Girls, they add up to 116 wasted and meaningless minutes, saying nothing and meaning even less. Gregory's Girl was responsible for the launch of Bill Forsyth's career, and I hope Gregory's Two Girls are not responsible for smashing it.
