In the days before gore and sex, real horror movies were made. The Blood Castle is, in my opinion, one of the best, although other critics have given mixed ratings. In a strange way, it resembles the more recent The Others, who had been in theaters a few years ago. <br /> <br /> Director Antonio Margheriti reworked his own portrait in 1970, titling it this time Web of the Spider (aka Nella Stretta Ragno Walrus). Why he did this I do not understand, although the remake starred Anthony Franciosa and Klaus Kinski and was very good in his own right. Maybe he saw a good story and wanted to adapt it more to the American public. I'm not sure. It is interesting that he made the original in black and white and the remake in color. <br /> <br /> Castle of Blood is an excellent Italian Gothic. La Danza Macabra is said to be an unpublished work by Edgar Allen Poe, who "appears" in this film. Poe and Lord Blackwood, owner of a haunted castle, bet that American writer Alan Foster (George Riviere) can not pass All Souls Night on the castle and survive. Foster eagerly accepts the bet, but soon regrets, as he is witness to a series of murders committed by ghosts. It seems that ghosts come to life once every few years, but are doomed to reenact the crimes they have committed in their lives. Lord Blackwood has conveniently forgotten to tell Foster that his blood is needed for them to be resurrected on the next Night of Souls! <br /> <br /> Foster and beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (played by incomparable Barbara Steele) do not have to fall in love for long, even though their novel is doomed because Elisabeth is one of the ghosts. I will not give the ending, but I'll just say that Castle of Blood is a romantic tragedy, since it's a horror story. <br /> <br /> Comments. This film is very atmospheric, even by the excellent standards of the Italians. My personal opinion is that they make the true horror better than anyone else, and the rather weak black and white footage just adds to it. To be fair, Web of the Spider was good by itself, even with color and greater brightness. I loved the prolonged filming, something that most modern directors do not have the patience to do. In fact, when Alan first enters the doomed castle, we are treated with several minutes of him doing nothing but wandering from room to room, dread and discomfort building on his face and mannerisms. By the time the first ghost appears, the public is fully prepared and ready. There is a wonderful dialogue between Alan and the ghosts, something that is often not done in standard ghost stories. There are also memorable scenes, very visual for this type of film. Elisabeth's "murder" and dance scene (reminiscent of the similar dance of the ghouls at the 1962 Souls Carnival) were particularly good. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, few viewers of general interest will ever hear about, let alone see, this movie. This is a pity as this is a cut above the rest. I received my copy of Sinister Cinema and I'm not sure if it can be bought anywhere else. For people interested in this genre, it is necessary to see.
