Jochen Hick wrote and directed this little thriller suspense based on the concept that the AIDS virus was a sheep virus mutated by the government to rid the world of gays and apparently was tested on convicts in the years before the outbreak of the heinous disease . . If it were not for the poignancy of the concept of the film, this would fall into the category of the many films about the destruction of the world by a non-harmful infectious organism. <br /> <br /> Stefan (Tom Wlaschiha) travels from Berlin to San Francisco to investigate his father's scientific assumptions about the induced sheep virus and its effects on the condemned in whom it was infused. He finds some disdain and resistance to a dead theory, but also finds some people who know the theory and support their investigation. Simultaneously with his visit, a series of serial killings occurs, each victim is killed in a similar fashion and each murder apparently accompanied by tensions of music from Puccini's opera "Turandot", which happens to be opening at the San Francisco Opera. Police investigator Louise Tolliver (Irit Levi) and her police companion (Kalene Parker) follow the killings while Stefan makes the rounds of sex clubs and bars in San Francisco trying to locate men who may have been guinea pigs for her father's theory. He meets a strange boy Jeffrey (Jim Thalman) with whom he has a cat-and-mouse attraction and a prominent Doctor Burroughs (Richard Conti) who seems strangely involved in the cast of suspects. How all this comes to an end is the film's game, a story as much about the pursuit of self-identity between Stefan and Jeffery as it is a case for murder investigation. <br /> <br /> While Tom Wlaschiha, Jim Thalman and Richard Conti do well with their roles (they are the only three who have previous experience of acting in the film!), the quality of the film is considerably less than the acceptable and minimally talented Irit Levy and Kaylene Parker: when on screen the credibility of the story falls below zero. There are a few minor appearances from other actors that illuminate the screen for the moments they inhabit, but throughout the film is drowned by the incessant repetition of "Nessun dorma" as sung by Mario del Monaco from an opera recording - and it seems be the reason to make the movie! Good idea for a movie and some good characterizations by the actors, but there is no resolution of the initial premise that started the whole thing. Grady Harp, February 6
