The plot of "Astronuat returns to Earth as a mutating monster" disappeared in the 1950s, mainly due to the scientific fact that traveling out of Earth's orbit does not make humans become mutant monsters and that the first film to use plot QUATERMASS EXPERIMENT was the only decent science fiction movie to use the idea. Thus, the idea of ​​having the redundant return of the plot seems doomed from the beginning. Oh, watching the AMAZING MAN FUSION seems like the plot is the least of your troubles. <br /> <br /> First of all, this is an incredibly poorly made movie. The budget is in single numbers and I'm talking about non-dollar lira. There is no cinematography to speak of and there are numerous editing errors. For example, a photographer takes his model (Barely Legal) for a photo shoot. Cut to a scene where the sun is directly behind the model, then cut to the photo of the photographer where the sun is directly behind him, then cut back to the model where the sun is ... Lack of budget drags the film down in other ways as well. According to the trivia page, the budget was so low that the producers could not get any images of Saturn, so when astronaut Steve West mentioned how beautiful Saturn looks, we got images of the sun. In fact, the sun gives the film's most impressive performance, since human actors would not be employed by a porn studio. If I were to appear in this, I would not be scared of the monster of the same name - I would be afraid of the barbs of the rest of the cast. Maybe we should be a little indulgent, since the obvious lack of budget manifests itself in things like the actors having to wear their own clothes. A general, for example, does not wear his handsome uniform with medals - he wears a denim jacket and baseball cap. <br /> <br /> There must be suspension of disbelief for a movie like this to work, but it does not work. at all levels. The tone is set at the beginning of the movie, where Mr. Melty kills a nurse and escapes from the hospital. Instead of getting a phone call saying there was a murder, Dr. Nelson just decides to track his patient on his own as he looks for a missing cat. It's also strange that a completely decaying homicidal monster can walk the road without anyone noticing, but this is typical of a movie where horny 70-year-olds stop their car on dark roads for a quickie and people say their wife is pregnant forgetting to tell the police that there is a monster on the loose. THE AMAZING MELT MAN is Z-type trash. I can certainly understand why people like this movie because it hits the heights of "It's so bad it's good," but beyond the effects of makeup sometimes impressive of Rick Baker, is nothing more than a very guilty pleasure
