Emma is my favorite novel by Jane Austen - Emma is well-intentioned despite her shortcomings, so readers can forgive her and love her, and the relationship she has with Mr. Knightley, who is warm, familiar, respectful but playful. romantic excitement. Mr. Knightley is the perfect man, and Emma is as close as you can get to an independent, intelligent, confident woman - remember, she's only 21, and she's certainly matured and evolved from her flaws. Who does not want to be Emma? Who does not want to be told by Mr. Knightley? This version of Emma gives no notion of the things I love about Emma. I could not even finish watching, I thought it was horrible. I could not see the warm and generous side of Emma, ​​which leads the reader to love her: the patience and warmth she proves to her father; the proximity between her and Mme. Weston, which demonstrates her willingness to put her friend's happiness above hers (by sacrificing the only equal companion in her house leading up to Miss Taylors's marriage). Woodhouse's character in this adaptation seems bizarre, not just quaint, old and a bit tempting. <br /> <br /> This adaptation, more important, fails in the life of the relationship between Mr. Knightley and Emma. Their relationship is built on mutual respect and affection: Mr. Knightley is indulgent with Emma's minor flaws, trusting that his intelligence and genuine caring for others will never allow her to turn away terribly; and Emma looks at him, though hiding this and continuing to use her own judgment. The dressing he gives her early in the program completely exaggerates the argument between them, and ruins the whole possibility of portraying the nature of their relationship as I described above. Mr. Knightley is also insufficiently attractive to bring to life the sexual tension between the protagonists (or to inspire any admiration of the viewers). <br /> <br /> Really horrible. I can not understand why someone who really likes the romance Emma might like it, unless it miraculously redeems itself after the point where I turned it off.
