With the exception of about 10 sublime minutes with HB Warner on the celestial train, this was 94 minutes of jaw-dropping crap! The acting was atrocious, but the story is what I really found shocking. The performance was wooden and flamboyant, even by the early standards of talkies (the exceptions being Lee Tracy and HB Warner, none of which can do anything wrong). Rose Hobart was absolutely horrible and lifeless like Julie (as she was also in Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, 1932, an excellent film). And the rest of the cast was worse, no words to describe their horror. <br /> <br /> Worse than acting, however, was the story. For some unknown reason, Julie loves Liliom, a bitch and female user of no redeeming quality. He marries Julie, but does not support her, instead lies in bed all day or hanging out with his low-life criminal friend (Lee Tracy). And, oh yes, he never has a kind word to tell Julie and he hits her regularly. Julie loves him anyway and continually makes excuses for him, which only seems to make him more abusive. What's even worse is that this movie presents this story to us as a love story. Somehow, we should see Julie as a noble character whose pure love redeems Liliom. WTF <br /> <br /> The last 1/3 of this movie happens after Liliom has killed herself (a theft plot goes wrong and Liliom plunges a knife into himself rather than being taken by the police). As he was dying, he tells Julie "I hit you all the time, but I'm not sorry for that." When he finally dies, she finally tells him that she loves him. (No character said "I love you" to the other while they were alive). After his death, the chief magistrate of God gives Liliom another day on earth so he can "do something good" for his unborn daughter. The price of that is 10 years in hell. After 10 years, Liliom is allowed one day on earth to see her 10-year-old daughter. He approaches her in the front garden of her house and tries to persuade her to let him "do something good" for her; he tries to get her to play cards, he tries to give her Gabriel's horn, but she is not interested and repels him. Then he hits her. It. Tapas. Her. And then it disappears back to life after death. Looking, we see his daughter tell Julie about it. The girl says that the slap did not hurt, it looked like a kiss. This is supposed to be the magic moment of the movie. The girl asks her mother if such a thing is possible, and Julie replies that "someone can beat you, beat you, beat you and not hurt you at all." Then the music swells and Liliom rides up to heaven on the celestial train. BLECH! <br /> <br /> There was a saving grace in this movie, and this is the interview between the chief magistrate (HB Warner was really magnificent here) and Liliom on the celestial train. The magistrate had some very deep things to tell Liliom about life, second chance and death. This scene only made me beat that rating from 1 to 2 stars. As for Liliom's suicide as a means to escape his problems, the magistrate says: "People assume that when they die, their difficulties end up for you.You think that if you kill yourself, you cancel all your responsibilities. . " On Earth your name is still spoken, your face is still remembered As long as someone remembers you, so long is the endless subject Until you have been completely forgotten, you will not be finished with the Earth, even though you are dead. "Some sublime and transcendental things among some of the most horrible garbage I've ever seen. By the way, this story was apparently filmed many times as much as" Liliom "as musical" Carousel ".
