Universal's response to "The Exorcist" is not very good. Unfortunately, the film offers a bland and unimaginative direction by Michael Winner, who misses an excellent cast with a crater-sized plot of holes. Not to mention, it's unbearably silly never explaining certain key elements within the story. <br /> <br /> The model Cristina Raines moves to a skyscraper owned by the Catholic Church with a blind and scary priest, John Carradine. there always at the window. She begins to suffer fainting and nausea. The worst is the tenants she finds in the building, like Burgess Meredith (with a cat and a canary!) And a young Beverly D'Angelo as a lesbian. Ava Gardner (looking great at 55) is the realtor who showed Raines the place. Cristina's mistress is Chris Sarandon, whose wife "committed suicide" after discovering they were having an affair. Jose Ferrer has a small role as the "Priest of the Brotherhood," which informs Monsignor Arthur Kennedy to be careful as he heads to the very tall building, not only housing Carradine but Raines as well. Sarandon sends a hired hand to the skyscraper one night to check out a room above Cristina's apartment, where she heard metallic noise and other noisy noises. He ends up dead the very night that Cristina "kills" her dead father in a nightmare. Screaming with anger on the street, Cristina really has blood on her, which leads Detective Eli Wallach and her partner Christopher Walken to investigate them with certainty that all this leads back to Sarandon, who is an amateur lawyer who once defeated police officer. court in relation to the suicide of the entire wife. This case is really a motivating factor is Wallach's stubborn approach to finding out who Cristina's true blood was and whether Sarandon has anything to do with it. You also have Martin Balsam as a teacher who understands this kind of Latin Christina mysteriously understands and unbilled actors such as Jeff Goldblum as fashion photographer and Tom Berenger as a man interested in this particular room that became available in the same room (now renovated) which Cristina once stayed in! What bothers me most is the lack of explanation. At the end of the film Wallach and Walken are forgotten and we wonder why they simply gave up investigating. Your characters are left in the background. As priests know that "now is the hour" when a certain man is going to die and must be replaced to keep a certain gate in that skyscraper and why Christina suffers from the trauma she does is not adequately explained. How certain ghosts only appear to Christina and disappear as she tries to show Gardner that the rooms they occupied during a cat's birthday (see for yourself) are not adequately explained. Not to mention Gardner's role in the grand scheme of things ... she brings people to that skyscraper, but what are their reasons in the movie? It seems like this movie should have been longer and cleared up the lost things to a hasty conclusion that is laughable when it should be scary.
