The arrest takes place in Wyoming, where work in a new prison has hit a problem, so the state council has decided to reopen a former state penitentiary that has been closed for 20 years, director Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) is in charge. 200 strange prisoners are dispatched and they are put to work repairing the decaying prison, including Burke (Viggo Mortensen), who is doomed to invade the old execution chamber, he forces, but when he penetrates into the walled door an intense beam of light shoots off and all the electrics, gas and fire around the prison go crazy for a few minutes. Burke unintentionally unleashed a deadly evil force that is in the mood to kill and no one is safe ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Renny Harlin I thought Prison was an 80's horror movie that seemed to forget the little point to have a story. The script was written by C. Courtney Joyner, responsible for writing "Classics" as Class of 1999 (1990), Master of Puppets III: Revenge of Toulon (1991) and Puppet Master Vs. Demonic Toys (2004) among other crappy budget horror that I have not heard of yet and seems to take itself very seriously. The biggest problems I have with Prison are that it's very slow, it's more than 30 minutes in the movie before even the 'evil force' is released, although the pace increases in the end, but then it was already too late as I was worried, then there is the fact that there is no discernible plot here at all. To begin with, he never tries to explain why there is a 'force of evil' walled in the old execution chamber, this never explains why this force decides to kill random prisoners when it is supposed to be on a revenge mission or why it simply does not. Kill Sharpe immediately, no explanation is given as to where Burke fits him, although he looks exactly the same as the prisoner who was electrocuted and returned, there is no real explanation as to how the Warden is connected to everything that is happening. In addition to two nightmare sequences in which he seems to be remembering something, although it is never revealed what it is or why. To be honest, I could not really give you a plot synopsis, since the movie does not have a stiff story that goes all the way. The character is boring and forgettable, the murders are few and far between, the pace is far away, the whole movie is a mess and even the ghosts can not shoot right when it comes to trying to shoot the hero. One less satisfying way to spend 100 odd minutes, there really are better things you could do. The premiere of Harlin's American director, he does a good job and there is a decent atmosphere, but after more than an hour of cells, dark, tedious, dark and constant corridors, I began to get bored. I just think the look of the movie is very repetitive, bland and frankly lifeless. I did not think it was scary and the blood was pretty tasteless, plus the best time in the entire movie, when a police guard is killed when a load of barbed wire wraps around his body and face with a beautiful close-up of his throat. being torn. In addition, there is a burned corpse and a mutilated body that falls from the ceiling and very little else. There's a scene where the Director burns all the prisoners' mattresses in front of them and then makes them stand all night in their underwear in the yard, I was watching this scene and I thought you could never do something like that. Around here prisoners have rights and if the Warden did something like this there would be a national outcry from all those humanitarianists and all the prisoners would sue the Warden, the penitentiary and the government for all they had and they would win! With a supposed budget of about $ 4,000,000, Prison really had a fairly healthy budget, although it did not really look on screen, there sure enough is a decent cast and the few included special effects are good, but in general it is set in the same place with limited ambition. In fact, the arrest was shot in a state prison in the state of Wyoming, so it certainly seems to be a bargain. The acting is fine, Prison proves that sometimes the Hollywood stars do not only have a horror movie skeleton in their closets, but in Mortensen's case he has two with the terrible Saw Massacre (1994), both of which I I'm sure he'd like to forget ... <br /> Prison is a waste of 100 minutes bland, lifeless, colorless and moodless, despite a good bloody scene that I did not like. I really prefer that my movies have a story rather than seemingly random events and incidents together senseless narrative.
