Neither am I, but this movie is unfortunately one of those movies that are too bad to be good and too good to be horrible, which makes it totally useless and a total waste of time. There is nothing more uninteresting than a mediocre movie, and My Name is Modesty: Whatever the subtitle, mediocrity takes to a new level. It's full of B-actors, but it's not fun because you take it seriously. It sets as a thriller, but then turns into some kind of growth drama, flashback style. The beautiful Alexandra Staden, suffocated beyond recognition under makeup, remembers one more member of the Top Model cast than Modesty Blaise. I'm not one of those comic book freaks who want all the adaptations of their precious "graphic novels" to be perfect - in fact, I've never even read Modesty Blaise - all I wanted was a decent movie to watch. But that was not it. The film seems half finished, with a weak and very discouraging conclusion to a rather weak plot. He also takes his audience to idiots, explaining every tiny detail of the plot to us and showing flashbacks of things that happened three scenes ago (I think they think we all have Alzheimer's). <br /> <br /> Now I love a good B movie - what's better than simply turning off your brain and swallowing the cinematic equivalent of a Calzone? - and "Modesty" is directed by none other than Scott Spiegel who brought us the wonderful crap movie Splatter From Dusk Till Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money! I loved From Dusk Till Dawn 2 because it brought everything a bad movie B should bring to the table - nudity, blood, weapons, his name. "Modesty" is just boring. The flashback about Modesty's life is not interesting. The acting is not bad enough to be ridiculed. In fact, I kind of liked the performance of Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau (hey pal, nicknames are his friends!) Like the villain. <br /> <br /> So, overall, it's just lame. Weak. Uninspired. Call whatever you want. I do not watch anything because Tarantino shows people. This is just a very forgotten thriller, without enthusiasm, and never tries to be more than that. Let me finish this review with a very boring pun (seriously, even I'm shrinking): My name is modesty: a loss of modesty time - 4/10
