I grew up reading Modesty Blaise, both comic books and books, and she really is a heroine to me. Although not a big fan of Quentin Tarantino, anyway I was interested to hear a few years ago that he was thinking of making a movie of her: could he finally give Modesty a beautiful big screen treatment that she deserves? I heard of 'My Name Is Modesty' a few months ago and checked the stars that had been given here, and I was not too surprised to find out that the score was not too high, as beloved characters often have a hard time melting fans. heart if it is not done exactly right. So I decided not to read any reviews and see the movie, and well, I just watched, and I'm stunned and sad, and yes, pretty furious too. Sad and furious for giving up an hour of my time seeing something as fabulous as the character Modesty Blaise being turned into a movie that has nothing to give a viewer or a fan. <br /> <br /> It seems like almost everything about this movie is sub-par and unprofessional, although I must admit to seeing some actors in other previous films where they were fine so I can not blame them. But the script and the direction ... my god, why even do this kind of crap with production values ​​a little bigger than your normal TV movie, but made much worse? I do not know the background of this movie and in fact I really do not want to know but I just can not help thinking that how on earth could Tarantino with a serious face say he loves Modesty and then put his name it? He just lost a huge amount of respect to my eyes. The director was not the right man for this job and I can wholeheartedly thank him for ruining my night. <br /> <br /> I give this movie 3 stars and those stars to the actors and the technical quality it could have was worse. The other seven stars that are missing are what this movie was not good at. Oh, well, I hope there will be some serious production of The Modesty Blaise Movie at some point that has other goals than stealing money from Modesty fans. Although if people like Tarantino are the ones who make the decisions, I'm not holding my breath.
