Ulli Lommel's 1980 movie 'The Boogey Man' is not classic, but it's an above-average low-budget chiller that's worth checking out. The sequel, Boogey Man II, 1983, is a waste of time, but at the very least it's fun, if not taken seriously. Now I left the door open for another sequence, and I, at least, would not mind seeing at least one more. One day, as I thumbed through the videos in a mall store, I came across a movie titled "The Return of the Boogey Man." When I discovered that it was a sequel to the previous films, I was happy to spend a few bucks for it ... I should have thought better. Although the opening title is 'Boogey Man 3', this is not a sequel to the two much higher films I mentioned above. Well, not totally anyway. <br /> <br /> Pros: Ha! This is a laugh. Is there anything good about this piece of cow dung? Let's see ... there are pictures of "The Boogey Man" and, um ... it's mercifully short. Yeah, that's about it. <br /> <br /> Cons: Where to start? Decisions decisions. First of all, this movie is a total boring. It goes from one scene to another without anything strange or scary happening. The acting is tough at best. The "actors" are probably the director's friends who have had no acting experience before, and probably none since. The plot is non-existent and script poorly written. The direction is simply awful. The director tries to make the film look all artistic, making the camera move, the lights flashing and with the filters, but adds nothing. The music is monotonous and hard to hear in parts. Ties with the original are unsuccessful. The character of Suzanna Love was christened Lacey, not Natalie! And the events described at the beginning of the original did not occur in 1978. Also, if this has a 3 in the title, why is there no mention of what happened in II? Finally, this does not add anything new or interesting to the series or to the genre. Final Thoughts: The people behind this loss of time and money should be ashamed of themselves. One thing is if this was an original movie that was the director's first and it sucked. But instead it's supposed to be a sequel to the movie that is not a masterpiece, but certainly much more interesting and fun than that. If there is any other sequel, which I doubt, then one must forget that this happened and be treated by Lommel himself or by someone who has at least some idea of ​​how to make a decent horror film. <br /> My rating: 1/5
