Let me just say that I loved the original boggart. Of course, it's a cliché 80 clic cliché, but these guys are fun to watch! What's more, it gave us something a little different. So I gladly bought it and to my surprise this movie came along with it (just copy that they actually had) so I thought "Eh, what the heck" and bought it. Mistake # 1. So that night I felt like watching a movie (actually I bought tons that day) and realized that this was the smallest of all I bought so I'll just watch and get the bag. Mistake # 2. Yes, I heard how bad it was, but I was willing to take a chance. <br /> <br /> So, a few minutes in the movie and there's the first flashback. I do not think any of this at first. Then the new footage with the prediction of the cub in the bathtub and I'm kind of liking the direction it's going. So the next flashback is a little longer and I'm sitting there thinking "Yeah, I saw the first Boogeyman I know what happens, so go ahead! Then the next one comes up and I think I'm going to fuck and move fast through Then the ending (Maybe I went through the explanation quickly, but why was she lying topless in the mirror? At least she could have shown it!) And I decided to move forward quickly and then the climax and the movie ended! What happened to the long-haired guy (did he play it or what?) And most important what kind of weed was the writer and director of smoking while doing this terrible POS ?? And which was the goal Annie was only having flashbacks of what happened in the first film Or the material from the first film was happening at the same time The latter could make sense because the stabbing of Pantyhose Face happened in 1978, and 15 years later. Wait a minute, no, no! Uli is too dumb to remember the names of her characters?) It would have been 20 years since she was 5 years old when this happened and not only is she married to someone who looks like 30ish but she also has a boy which looks around 7 and 10! Did she stay around during high school? And also why would pantyhose be after Annie? What connection does she have with the characters in the original movie? And one huge mistake of the film I found in this movie is that when the doctor is writing in his notebook, does anyone realize that he is just scribbling? Wow, what a professional, doctor! So what is the explanation for all the questions I asked above? It's a film without a goal, without thinking of putting it at all! I'll try to find a copy of the original movie that comes with just the movie and that's it (maybe a couple of extra features, any special edition of it yet?). So I'm going to return this DVD and I hope this review and everyone else will prevent those who did not see it from seeing it, thus making bookstores get rid of it and this movie may no longer exist! Please, let it be so! Sorry this review is so long. I'm just mad at this movie that I had to vent in some way
