Mourning couple moves to a mountain cabin after the loss of their daughter, discovering that there may be ghosts haunting the place, restless spirits of past occupants who committed suicide. Julie Pyke (Cheri Christian) blames husband Allen (Greg Thompson) for her daughter's horrible death due to leaving the door unlocked and the marriage deteriorated because of it. Julie remains in a zombie state, evoking close to no distant and dull emotion, just photographing a nearby abandoned prison, finding an amazing image of a ghoul girl clinging to the bars of a cell. Although Allen does not see anything out of the ordinary, Julie continues to take pictures and we can recognize that something is not right. A local handyman, Jim Payne (Scott Hodges), a rather distant fellow who hides a secret, becomes a dangerous threat when it is revealed that his dead mother may have something to do with the haunts that occur in the Pykes. Meanwhile, the neighbors who sold the Pykes to the hut also found themselves victims, the alcoholic abuse of Booth to his wife returning to haunt him. Allen will conduct an investigation into the history of his hut, trying to unravel the mystery about the place. <br /> <br /> Many ghosts moving to the bottom in this dark supernatural tale, with practically all the unfortunate characters. Cheri Christian remains so empty and lost, it's incredibly difficult to connect with her despite the fact that you understand her situation. The performance, as is often mentioned, remains frustrating because none of the characters is easy to understand. I think it is to be so under their circumstances, but the problem I have never been able to properly embrace the Pykes because of their constant state of indifference. Cheri leaves cold and distant, as I think a mother used to be when you lose a child in such a way, but the icy nature left me begging inside to embrace her, which I never got. I think the right artists, even if the characters are going through an emotional turmoil, can attract the hearts of their viewers, if mankind comes to us ... in the case of this movie, the leaders will not be able to do it, by any means reason It could have been me, I do not know. I wanted to take care of them, but nothing in the characters pulled the strings from my heart. Anyway, as the film continues, Allen discovers some truths and needs to defend himself against his wife, who has convinced himself that his daughter is among them and that he will not lose his little girl again. Jim, the unstable neighbor who believes that to stop the hauntings that plague the area he must kill the Pykes, becomes a vital threat. Ghosts continue to be a central part of the film, their presence, particularly Jim's mother, set up far and wide. The ending reveals all of them how Allen must find help for his wife while trying to thwart Jim's mission. I had difficulty getting into this due to my discomfort with the leads and their characters.
