Okay, now what the heck is this supposed to be? Is it a family fantasy film to make the most of Spielberg's "Close Encounters of the Third Kind"? Or a throwback to the glorious days of prehistoric epics like "When the Dinosaurs Dominated the Earth" and "The Lost World"? Perhaps it is an intellectual and philosophical masterpiece that we all can not understand? Yes, that must be it! Whatever it is, the creators of "The Day Time Ended" (good old John 'Bud' Cardos of Kingdom of the Spiders and writer David Schmoeller of 'Tourist Trap') must have smelled quite glue when they wrote the ideas for this confusion of genres. The story makes no sense and the structure of the narrative is incoherent as hell, but who cares, as long as it has paper mache dinosaurs, miniature spaceships, headache induction light and laser shows and supernovae in spontaneous combustion! The introduction of voice-over is practically inaudible, but do not worry, because it's all silly! Did you know that the definition of 'time' is not what we all think it is? Time does not necessarily pass chronologically, it is a giant paradox! Words that were said thousands of years ago are still floating and even things that will happen in the future are already surrounding us. I have absolutely no idea what all this means, but apparently it provides an easy excuse to bring together the tap dancing angels and well-educated dinosaurs on the screen together. I deliberately say well-behaved dinosaurs, because at one point one of the prehistoric monsters politely knocks at the front door before threatening their targets. The crazy plot revolves around a family of weirdos living in their solar-powered house in the middle of nowhere. Grandpa is extremely annoying, granddaughter even more, Grandma is a walking advertising poster for plastic surgery, the youngest son strangely resembles Prince Valiant and the young mother is ?? incredibly hot! Chris Mitchum, for some reason, also wanders through the film sets as the mother's husband on business trips. The special effects are purely extravagant and absolutely laughable (I sincerely hope that the other reviewer who talked about "excellent special effects" was being sarcastic), but the cool thing here is the dialogues! Just read this wonderful example of extraordinary writing: <br /> <br /> Grandpa: "You know what this is, is not it? This is a time-space distortion!" <br /> <br /> Stevie: " I'm not sure if I know what that means, Dad. "<br /> <br /> Grandpa:" Well, I guess no one really does "<br /> <br /> Decide, Grandpa! what it is or does not do and stop talking about "The Vortex" as if you were some kind of expert on the field! "The Day is Over" is an incredibly childish fantasy that is not worth worrying. totally that some of his fans appreciate the film because they saw him at a young age and were fascinated by the extravagant effects, the end comes completely out of nowhere, as if they suddenly ran out of money or as the effects of the mushrooms they were eating wore themselves unexpectedly.
