'1408' is the latest hodge of cheap tactics. The guy who makes movie-style horror fans from time to time jump in his seat and scream in his ear, but disappoints the audience for some depth and direction. John Cusak plays a writer who has made a career of writing books describing his experiences of staying in haunted hotels rumors. Despite the assurances of patrons and owners that ghosts roam the halls, there is little to really believe in the paranormal. When he discovers the history of Room 1408 at the Overlook Hotel - do not wait, I mean, Dolphin Hotel in New York - he decides it would be the perfect closing chapter for his latest book. But Samuel L. Jackson, who plays the owner of the hotel, tries to dissuade his guest by recounting the atrocities in the dance hall since the hotel's inauguration many years ago. The story is simple and we, as possible skeptics, must sit in the face of Jackson's long laziness. <br /> <br /> In other words: be afraid! Be very afraid! <br /> <br /> Of course it would be easy to convince the public that they just paid to see a high-end thriller from the seat if it did not take so long to graduate. up to this point. And also, if what followed was far more than cheap "boos" that become so frequent and arbitrary that eventually you might expect soon. The temperature in the room changes automatically. The walls are dripping with blood. The fearless writer can not open the door, etc. And after nearly an hour and a half of delivering them to the public promised great emotions, you can sit back and hope that at least you can be impressed with the end. With suspicions of dream sequences and other derived time wastes, even if we can not quell our doubts that before the movie is over, we may finally have something to make the film a little less than completely forgettable. <br /> <br /> Despite Cusak's great performances (as ever), which is essentially the entire film, most of the rest are wasted (ie, Samuel L. Jackson) in smaller and insignificant roles. The real mystery here is how this movie received such a high audience. Ghosts replete with bank notes?
