I must say I was disappointed with this movie. I've never been a big BNL fan, I find his songs a little childish and obsessively nostalgic (I'm in 9th grade, if I had a million dollars, shoe box of life, etc.). However, I've seen clips from her live show and I really like the impromptu and goofy nature of the show. I was hoping this movie could highlight this which is unfortunately the most interesting part of the show because its music is well played but somehow bland and not so appealing (there is a bass solo standing in the middle that was completely meaningless and boring), though how much Jim Creegan was digging himself). The film does not show and shows only a few minutes of it (and you know they had better times, like in the Afghanistan concert "Koffee Anan, he's the man in charge, my name is Steve Paige and I'm really big") BNL is like when I went to Europe a few years ago and I heard that song "Blue" from Effeil 99 or anything every 2 minutes, I went back to Canada and a month later that song was everywhere * again * I almost I died my own arm. BNL is like that, years ago I remember many memories of sitting around campfires in Canada listening to people playing "If I Had a Million Dollars." BNL was a cult phenomenon in Canada, and much of its humor has a particular Canadian tilt (the Kraft Dinner is a milestone for many students here, and the name "Gordon" is quintessentially Canadian) a few years have passed where they slipped in the dark and I was a little grateful. Then all of a sudden, they become huge in the States, and everyone down there thinks they're a new band (yes, they're new, but they're all in their thirties!), While the rest of Canada is going "Oh My, I thought those guys had given up years ago, do I have to hear 'millions of dollars' again? "The show scene is not bad, but I would have liked to have seen more of it Their stage In the routine, the shooting is not so good, and things like clips of their huge free show in Boston are transparent very quickly. The interviews are surprisingly dull for a bunch of such funny guys, I think they're all old and they have families and homes and stuff and they've calmed down a bit. There are times when they enter into the kind of material from Spinal Tap, where they deliver meaningless satires, so they laugh and giggle that kind of spoils it all. Interviews with Moses Znaimer (a Canadian media mogul) and Terry David Mulligan (Face of Music) are extremely pretentious and reach Tap's territory unintentionally. <br /> <br /> This movie does not document much either, I mean. , it's basically a show and at the beginning of the movie, they're already huge and they have a huge touring entourage, it's not like they see them coming out of obscurity and "surprising" they're popular, it's a methodically planned event, is half lifeless, half live show, half documentary, and not much of the two. <br /> <br />
