I hope those who trained those losers in their accents have been fired. The only high points are some of the supporting characters, 3 of 5 of my favorites were killed by the end of the season (and one of them was a cat, to put that into perspective). <br /> <br /> The whole plot is centered around sex and nothing more. Sex with vampires, gay sex with gay vampires, gay sex with heterosexual vampires, sex to win vampire blood, sex after drinking vampire blood, sex in front of vampires, vampire sex, non-vampire sex, sex because we are afraid of vampires Sex, because we are crazy about vampires, sex because we have just become vampires, etc. <br /> <br /> Nothing against sex, it would be cool if it were a little more subtle with the story. Maybe it has a plot and then some sex in it. But they did not even bother to do that ... and Anna Paquin is a bitch with teeth and teeth. Either she sucks or her character sucks, I can not figure out which one. Another part of the plot that I find highly implausible is why the 150-year-old vampire Bill who seems to have his stuff together would be interested in someone like Sookie. She is constantly losing control over him for things he can not control. He leaves for two days and she already decides that he "will not come back" and suddenly has feelings for man-dog? Give me some time. She was supposed to be a 25-year-old woman, not a 14-year-old girl. People close to her are dying all over, and she has the brightest smile on her face because she just gave her V card to a guy because she can not read his mind? As the main character in the story, I would have expected the show to do a little more to make it understandable and someone to invest its interest in, not someone you keep secretly waiting to be killed or put into a coma. I can not find anything about her character that I like and even the fact that she can read minds is strikingly uninspiring and not at all interesting. <br /> <br /> I will not waste my time watching Season 2 come June.
