Man, I really find it hard to believe that the wonderful Alan Ball has something to do with this mess. Having seen the first two episodes so far, I think I can safely say that this program will not be on my mandatory list. There are only so many things working against it. <br /> <br /> None of the actors is particularly good. Anna Paquin as the main character Sookie, is simply awful. I remember her being better at many other things I saw in her, so maybe it's just writing. She's not much fun to look at, there are times when, to be honest, she looks pretty ugly. The actor who plays Bill is marginally better, even though his character is supposed to be half wooden and indifferent. The other actors do their best, but with the cliché characters with touches difficult to be given, they are given a difficult task. Tara is an absolute misery to watch, Rutina Wesley absolutely kills the accent. It's like nails on a bad blackboard. Almost as awful is Nelsan Ellis, it's hard to understand what he's saying sometimes. Both his character and Tara's character also seem a bit racist to me. I do not know, having a character saying 'whycome' at an HBO show that is not The Wire seems a little weird. Completing the cast so far are Sookie's grandmother, her sex-addicted brother and the only cast of genius I've seen in William Sanderson as the sheriff. <br /> <br /> The story seems to be snaking toward him. destination at this time, with no real concern in keeping the viewer interested. The novel is very somber. Although this show increases the camp factor of something like the old episodes of Dark Shadows, about ten times. Sometimes it seemed so exaggerated to me that I just have to assume it was meant to be. But unlike a show like Buffy, who pulled the camp masterfully, this show did not. Out of the way with camping is the extreme gore and graphic sex of the show. I am not averse to any of these when they are done well, as they have in many other HBO shows, but here at least they extended scenes of violent sex involving Jason Stackhouse seem a little overdone and pointless. <br /> <br /> About the only good thing I can really think of saying about this mess is that I liked the opening title sequence. HBO has had a series of bad luck with their shows lately, I hope they cancel it after the first season and try to do something better in the air.
