For each series that arrives on television, 100 ideas are formed, 50 scripts are written, 15 pilots are made and one, only one, comes into production. From this selection process, we are led to believe that the end product must be the cream of the culture, and why other reasons so many ideas could be rejected to give us a single television series. <br /> <br /> And so goes with True Blood; all the stars were aligned and what began as a series of novels was transformed into an idea, a play, a pilot and finally a series. Unfortunately, sometimes it can be a long journey and along the way there are many twists and turns that ultimately change what was good and pure and shows that the production that people feel would be best for classifications. Oh, how wrong they are so often ... True Blood is an example of a creative concept that has developed into one of the poorest lines in history, worse representation, and more silly subplots than any something else in recent television history. . His international cast of relatively unknown actors struggles to find their voices but continues to stumble in their false southern accents. Alan Ball's not-so-secret desires for Ryan (Jason Stackhouse) give us a naked picture every week, although it often has nothing to do with the plot. The angry characterization of Tara's black woman does not connect and you find yourself secretly waiting for the vampires to take you away quickly before she gets into another speech about white suppression while attending a ceremony for the Glorious Dead of the Confederate. Sam finds love suppressed by Sookie and suddenly we must believe that he needs to take care of his morning, noon and night despite years of working with her and avoiding any kind of relationship. <br /> <br /> As for Bill the Vampire, His lofty morale is quickly delivered on his first chance to make love to Sookie, and he has no problem getting a quick snack from her (though she remains somewhat unscathed). We think the other vampires are not as popular as Bill, but they long to be accepted by an audience as they look at the living as Happy Meals with legs. <br /> <br /> Despite my best efforts at suffering in the first six episodes I have come to the conclusion that no matter how long you watch a bad show, it is still bad. Some things die for a reason, even vampires. Maybe this show should.
