This show had a lot of hype, but I did not know about it until mid-season (season 1). Someone even recommended the show to me. But I decided that if I were to attend, I would wait until the end of the season to be able to watch it in bulk. Due to the format of the show, I'm glad I waited. I imagine it would have been rather annoying that almost every episode ended in the middle of a cliff and then had to wait another week to find out what happens in the next second of the story. <br /> <br /> Somehow, this show got to play a lot of sex. Jason is going to have sex with just about everything that moves. Soon after he discovers that a woman with whom he had sex was killed, he is in bed with another woman the next night! So Tara and Sam understand, even though each of them knows that Sam is in love with Sookie. And for some reason, Sookie gets angry when she finds out about it later - even though she's sleeping with a vampire. One of the problems with the program is that it does not do a good job of making you care about the characters. I did not really care about Jason. Along with his ceaseless quest for tale, he was rude to the people who were really worried about him. After a few episodes, I would not have cared if he were killed in any way. For that reason, I was mostly disinterested in the killings until Sookie's Grandmother became a victim (since the first two were more intimately involved with Jason). <br /> <br /> After Sookie and Bill get laid, The Story gets some more subplots. Tara's mother wants an exorcism, so the exorcist tries to convince Tara that she should have one to remove her own demon. I was not too bothered by all this kind of exorcism, because I know there are some people who really believe in these things. However, they waste little time on showing that it is a farce shortly after Tara spend about $ 1,300 in exorcisms for herself and her mother. At other points, some of the developments happen very quickly. Jason is still an idiot, trying to sell his grandmother's things to buy vampire blood, which is apparently the new crack or something. In his quest he finds this girl who will make V (vampire blood) with him. They get stoned, and within three days they fall in love and kidnap a vampire by a constant source of V. Another example is when Bill needs to go to a vampire court. He just left for two days before Sookie started to feel abandoned and start wondering if he thinks "vampire politics" is more important than her. <br /> <br /> Subtlety is not the strength of this program. It does not take a genius to find out that something is happening to the local dog. Although my guess was not dead, it was no big surprise. But the end of two episodes was where it really got boring since it just pushed all the developments on your face as if you could not figure it out for yourself. When Tara enters the car accident, the naked woman's face with the pig is clearly shown, and was easily recognized when she appears in jail for ransom. As if that were not enough, they later show the lady again with the pig in their house. So it's time to close the murder story. At the end of the penultimate episode, it is revealed that Renee is not who he says he is and is probably the killer. In the final episode, they push Renee being the killer in their face. Sookie notes that it's strange that Renee's thoughts do not have an accent. I thought it was okay, because it adds that Renee is a fraud. But the next scene is full of incriminating evidence against Renee. They show that Renee has Maudette's tape with the vampire and her fiancee finds a tape in one of Renee's boxes on how to fake a Cajun accent. At this point it was simply ridiculous. I mean, we did it! So things blah blah blah things happen. Bill nearly kills himself while failing to save Sookie, who still manages to kill Renee. They start setting up the second season leaving unfinished problems. The naked pig lady and Sam have a story, Lafayette disappeared and may have been killed. Jason is in the process of being brainwashed into being a religious madman for some anti-vampire church - which makes me care less about him. <br /> <br /> It's almost surprising to see how many people absolutely love this show. . I think I just hoped this show would be better. I'm interested in seeing what happens in season two, but if I watch, I'll probably wait for the season to finish.
