There are two types of characters in THE SHIELD: people who try to do the best they can and do the right thing, and people who relentlessly pursue their own self-interest and commit all the mortal sins they can while telling themselves and everyone they are heroes and the only hope of all. More than any other show, the SHIELD is about hypocrisy and self-deception. Sadly, hypocrites and self-feeders are the heroes of the spectacles, and as such have the unlikely immunity typical of genre-fiction heroes to be defeated or captured and top-off repeatedly, making fools of all their peers. The show has excellent camera work. The lead ins and the fade outs are always excellent. It really is a work of art to see. Unfortunately, the story is a scenario of realizing desires of gratuitous violence, rape and lies. <br /> <br /> The hero, who drags everyone down with him in a failed scheme after a failed scheme, is like a bros of cartoon character, always escaping and making fun of all the elm fudds anyone who does not support it in its lies and crimes), automatically attracting any good-looking woman who will support the character to enter the show, always surviving any attempt to bring him to justice and ALWAYS scraping his ears with his self- excruciating. If another cop detects something wrong with something he's doing, and someone gets hurt because of his actions, he always blames the suspicious cop, regardless of the fact that his schemes and elaborate lies and condemned plans are always the cause. Every time. Like 24, this show has inventions and countless delays to drag its story to season after season. Boring and unbelievable long-term stories are injected into the plot each season to provide a skeleton to hang the bloody and perverted pieces of flesh that are the corrupt acts of the characters and the inevitable cover-ups. Most disappointing, however, is the arrogance of writers as they try to change the sympathies of viewers from side to side to form and dismiss the characters at whimsy. Sometimes they want us to see Shane as the enemy. Sometimes they want us to see them as a misunderstood soul. Sometimes they want us to see Vic as a dangerous sexual dynamo. Sometimes they want us to see them as a poor guy with a heart of gold. Sometimes they want us to see Mara as a vile Jezebel. So they think if they show her sitting down and talking about her dreams with Shane, we'll find her understanding and tragic. <br /> <br /> None of these manipulations is adequate to get the types of sympathies they want. . Since they have shown that these characters ruin other people's lives for their own purposes, that's it. It is absurd to keep trying to come and go. But it's also silly to produce seven seasons of these awkward clowns, drawing every supermodel in their beds and running a crime syndicate straight from the police station, right under everyone's nose.
