Set in South Africa, a young black man tries to get a part in a "gangsta" movie. But without the knowledge of life on the street, he is instructed to find out how life really is or whether he will not get the part. He manages to work his way into a gang led by an old school friend and his chances of appearing in the decline of the movie as he commits crimes to be accepted. But for the gang leader, the growing disaster of his new friend's life suggests a golden opportunity to do something better with his own. <br /> <br /> Although this seems relatively interesting, it is anything but. The first half is incredibly twisty and tedious, while "kidnapping" only occurs at the end with some very poorly executed low speed car chases. In these "chases," only two police cars are used, both from the early 1990's, Nissan Sunny's. This would not only be cheap to pick up (and I find it hard to believe they would use such mundane old cars in South Africa in the year 2000), but as far as I can remember, there are only two involved and none of them have a scratch once. Car chases are very poorly filmed, with distant and poorly timed camera angles and minimal traffic on the roads, and they're finished in about 2 minutes at most, as you ought to believe that a very small child is actually a highly skilled driver who can easily escape from the police despite driving being pedestrian and totally uninteresting. This now leads me to characters and acting, which are equally bad. The boy mentioned that drives the car seems to be about 13 years old and supposedly extremely adept at losing the incredibly inept police. Everyone is equally unconvincing, so much so that they even seem bored sometimes. <br /> <br /> In the final scene of the film, our main character ("Sox Moraka") is invited by the gang leader to steal. a car from a car park. Despite having difficulty opening it, the police arrive and ask what he is doing and he responds by saying that it is their car. After a brief discussion they try to arrest him and he then holds the police under the sight of a gun and returns to the car. After he enters, the police return the fire and in turn he is injured. After another pathetic sequence of chase, they decide to abandon the car and set it on fire to destroy any evidence. What follows here is one of the most extraordinary laughable and terribly awful special effects I have ever seen. When the car "explodes", overlapping flames appear from all windows, with terrible sound effects that do not arrive in time. It's so poorly done and so fake looking that it's hard to even put into words, and really needs to be seen to be believed. If you watch in slow motion, it seems even more fun. I've seen better effects than that in assassin reconstruction documentaries. The car is a Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi. Something that would not be worth a huge amount, and they could not afford to destroy it with a real explosion? I would love to know the budget size for this movie. It's so cheap that I'm surprised you've left South Africa, and even more amazed at the DVD release. <br /> <br /> I know it's not a big Hollywood production. I know it's to represent gangs in impoverished counties in South Africa that steal middle-class cars and sell parts on the black market, but with laughable effects, poorly executed car chases, horrible and ridiculous characters, any sense of reality is completely lost. <br /> <br /> Overall, I certainly do not advise you to watch this. If you want to laugh and see one of the most poorly done, low budget messes of amovie ever created, then I recommend it for that, and that's all. <br /> <br /> It's a miserable, poorly done, poorly edited, poorly ritualized and boring, low-budget that fails in all respects. I've seen a lot of South African movies, including lots of cheap NuImage / Nu-World action shots, and despite their fights, they're way better than this in every way.
