***** WARNING, IT MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS THAT WILL BE MORE FUN THAN THIS TRIP. **** <br /> <br /> Here's good advice for anyone living in the UK Whenever Channel 5 has an old 80's comedy about late at night, read a book. I'm currently in the process of recovering from a seizure due to reading some of the comments on this movie here. I'm really shocked by the fact that someone actually said that this movie was realistic! All I can say is that, thank God, the Cold War never intensified or we could have given the Commie borders ... I found this horrible movie, maybe it's just my British perception of what makes a funny movie, who knows? But in every respect, this movie is not just horrible, its teeth are terribly awful. <br /> <br /> I've never been a fan of Bill Murray, and his trash like that justified my feelings toward him. Do not get me wrong, I loved the Ghostbuster, which was made just three years after this movie. But this just sums up Bill Murray really. I can safely say that I have not wasted my time so blatantly so since I saw the first Operation Delta Force operation around here, although these two films have more in common than you think. On the one hand, both have terrible action sequences from beginning to end and the second. Both are riddled with cliche cheese, everywhere. <br /> <br /> Here's one thing, these guys should be in the "US Army." However, they may have fun around their Camp, Willy or not, seducing female military policemen and then silently fucking them in the Backstage of the Generals. Talk about random! This movie is just terrible for this I'm afraid. Now, do not get me wrong, I'm not a feminist sympathizer, but the fact that these two women really fall in love with the two characters right after they arrest them, leaving them free ... Twice, it's just an insult to the race feminine The fact that a gray-haired, thick-lipped wanderer (Winger) and his unfortunate helper Ramis can simply slip into the policeman's panties, to which they fall madly in love with them, is nothing short of ridiculous. Then there are the training scenes, where you can meet the "Phycho" Squad, who is not convinced to kill anyone who touches him or his belongings, followed by the overweight guy (played by the deceased and great John Candy) who claims he joined the army to "avoid paying $ 400 for anger control classes." Taking Murray to pay homage to the "Giant Toe" (WTF?) "Drill Seargent" who honestly could not organize a pi $$ at a brewery, let alone his bunch of recruits. All that scene is a prelude to fight scenes, with people saying "way to go ass!" all the time, etc. etc. <br /> <br /> The scenes then continue to show the band of rags making shots of themselves on the Assault Course, leading to a scene in which one of them shoots wildly into the air at some point. passing birds with an assault rifle, sprinkling a watchtower with bullets. (Exactly like that.Yes, you said that this movie was random ... It miraculously escapes undisciplined too ...) Eventually Leading the parade where the unfortunate squadron does a magical turnaround in a space of two hours. (Miracles, Miracle!) Thanks to some wise words from Murray, to which they direct a massive military dance training in front of a Geriatric General in front of the rest of the squadrons. All this for the immense pleasure of his two girlfriends at the booth, who really should be holding them ... Everyone laughs at it though. This bit is nothing short of amazing. He then chooses them to keep a new armored multi-million dollar vehicle in Italy (which turns out to be just a mobile home painted green with a lot of gadgets inside), claiming "that's exactly what this army needs!" Then there's the awful finale where Murray and Ramis decide to steal this ultra-secret prototype military vehicle to pick up their newly acquired and somewhat hyperactive MP Girlfriends in Germany. To which the unfortunate Captain (John Larroquette) discovers and leads the squad of new recruits on a recovery mission for this vehicle. For which they then take a "wrong turn" en route and end up in Czechoslovakia, where they are captured. (As we have not seen it coming ...) So begins a rescue attempt by Ramis and Murray + Birds on hand, for which is where a great fight, loads of hip shot and blowing tanks up. With them returning as National Heroes, humiliating the Russians, calling them "pussies", etc. etc. The end. That's right. No Martial Court, nothing. They just stole a prototype military vehicle, drove him to a Warsaw Pact country and almost caused an international incident that could have triggered WW3! <br /> <br /> This movie is honestly more fun than being diagnosed with a terminal illness. . I know it's to be a comedy, it has all the right actors for it, but where the heck is that? Did Channel 5 cut those bits? The only redeeming feature of this movie is the repetitive use of naked women bathing, and the female Mud Wrestling. (as I said, Random) Not that this helps to deviate from the fact that this is a completely bad movie, of course. This movie should realistically be aimed at 9 year olds, unfortunately we have to watch instead. 1 star of 10 - Total Tripe. My advice, do something a little more useful with your time. How to get married ...
