I just saw "If ??" I remember the 1968 movie ads, so I was interested in finally seeing it. It may be the perspective of an American who has never attended a British public school and misses some of the social references, but I find the film horrible. On the one hand, as others have pointed out, it takes almost the entire film for the much-talked-about revolt of the time to begin. On the other hand, if the last scene is real or imagined, what happens is not a revolt, but a shooting. There is a big difference. <br /> <br /> I know it can be a bad way to judge a movie at subsequent events, but you can not avoid doing it here. One person wrote a message board asking us not to compare the end of the film to the incidents at Columbine High School and Virginia Tech. But if there is a spark of differences between Klebold, Harris and Cho on the one hand, and Travis (Malcolm McDowell) on the other, I just can not see. All four were under the illusion that their shooting will purify a world full of things they arrogantly take no responsibility for. <br /> <br /> Which brings me to: why the hell did Travis and his friends even in a school they despise so much? They are adults, or close to it. They are not in a military prison, like the prisoners of "The Hill", a much better British film of the same time. No one is forcing them to go to college and beat their whips, except maybe ambitious parents who need an awakening about the nature of their children. I had the opportunity in college to attend a fraternity, except that I could not stand foolish and cruel orders from delinquents who claimed to be my prospective "siblings." I have taken the consequences of not having the "in" with the Establishment that frats provide, and I can not say that I have regretted. <br /> <br /> If Travis imagines Lenin's second coming (whose unbearded photo locks prominently in his room) he is free to go out and organize an assembler's union or work for Michael Foot in the upcoming election. If he wants to be Jack Kerouac, take the road and start writing. What is the possible benefit of him giving the world a motorbike and getting drunk? <br /> <br /> Sometimes critics have to be like the person who responded to the scene in "Last Tango In Paris," where Brando mopes about having to go on a date with cow dung on his shoes. In the real world, the person said, a listener would say "Why do not you shave? Change your shoes?" - Do not allow fictional characters to take a self-pitying journey because you do not dare point out an alternative course of action common to them. So here it is.
