if .... is the cinematographic equivalent of the sergeant. Pepper's: Revered by baby boomers as the pinnacle of creation, and seen as a bit silly business by previous and later generations. Now that middle-class children around the world are apparently superhuman due to the internet, and view the boarding school's prospect as a wonderful opportunity thanks to the Harry Potter books / movies, the relevance of if .... couldn 'Be more far from the modern concern. In fact, many scenes seem so strange and exaggerated as to suggest an inspiration for Pink Floyd's The Wall. <br /> <br /> One should never take personal bias against a movie while reviewing, and the date cemented from this film. There are some flaws that others have neglected. Lindsay Anderson was known for being a fan of Luis Buñuel, besides being generally too smart for her own good. And despite a direct narrative through the first and second acts, the latter part of the play was taken hostage by Buñuel's surrealism and tense attempts at symbolism. Anderson was not able to do this because of his overly intelligent cynicism, failing to see that Bunuel was jovial in his work. I did not find a critic who advocates 'Chaplain in a drawer', and I'm pretty sure he still gets sideways looks from those who love this movie. The end is not so much a concise blow to the established system of class / values ​​as a wet slap on a moving target. <br /> <br /> The British public school system was firmly for the middle classes (being the upper crust educated at home by private teachers). And if ... modus operandi was to check the public school living boxes that Lindsay believed had been unexplored in the cinema, thus saving the middle-class pretense. Homosexuality, generational cutlery, cold bath et al. In fact, these issues were addressed in many other major British films, if ... they would only bring them to light. The Browning version was a more oblique condemnation of such pomp, to name but one. <br /> <br /> If ... it is strangely singular, and simply can not be seen with modern eyes (especially Americans). Congratulations to Anderson for avoiding Mick and Kieth in favor of African singing, and some brownie points for latent homoerotic tones. Points deducted by pretension, establishing characters that disappear and inciting a superficial revolution that gave nothing.
