Ah, the spirit of 68. The streets of Paris were running loose with the rebellion, the hippies were at the height of the spirit of love. How was Britain marking this era of radicalism and revolution? Erm, it seems, dear Old Blighty was concentrating on making movies about boys in boarding schools. If ... it contains the bad establishment. It contains the revolt of the oppressed. What is lacking in contrast to the Parisian passion and hippie attraction is any sense of excitement except at its end of ammunition fire and artillery. <br /> <br /> If ... stars of Lindsay Anderson - Malcolm McDowell is one of three private-school students who decorate the dormitory with pictures of Lenin and other left-wing radicals. It is clearly an anti-establishment film in its depiction of the high-class evil oiks who rule the perch and the outdated autocratic practices of the public school pattern. What it does is ... unusual is that, despite all its radical sympathies, it does not give us any sense of great tension between human decency and the despotic school system, on the contrary, it is just a kind of fluctuation: and lack of logic. personality. <br /> <br /> Surreal bits disappear occasionally and the movie slides from black and white to colorful again (is it due to low budget or is it an artistic expression?), but there is little interest to speak. All we have is the touching end where the young rebels pick up their rifles and bring down the shadowy lords of the establishment. Alive! A revolution! After all, something that requires a second thought, unlike the rest of this monotonous exercise of daydreaming in the boarding school. <br /> <br /> If ... it could have been a powerful political statement, but how does it deviate and only gather any sense of direct interest in the end. Instead of being a testament to the dissident zeitgeist of the late 1960s, it can only be an overshadowed document of British upper-class education. Anarchy? Apathy more like, the only man that many viewers will want to stay after watching Se ... will be Lindsay Anderson.
