The system of the British Public School did not evolve solely with the idea of ​​educating the upper classes, despite the widespread and popular misconception. It was designed to produce administrators and governors, civil servants and military to administer the British colonies. These people were almost totally recruited. of the middle classes. When the Public Schools began to show their value, the descendants of the aristocracy were sent to them, instead of being educated at home by tutors and housekeepers, as it had been previously. They tended to favor the nearest schools. "Eton and Harrow have become particularly popular with this class of parents." The vast majority of public schools have brought their students from the lowest level to the social scale.Tom Brown, perhaps the most famous student of the Public School of all time, was a country amidst the postcolonial guilt and losing his last commitment to his ex-dependents as quickly as Harold Wilson could escape his " Lindsay Anderson's "Gannex" mac, "If" was greeted with cathartic joy at the chatty lessons and fun for everyone else. It should be remembered that the so-called "summer of love" was followed by the "October Revolution", an incident that left some policemen in London with bruised heads and the US embassy with one or two broken windows, but achieved nothing at all. So when Anderson's movie hit the theaters, disgruntled ex-revolutionaries dived they stood on what they saw as Malcolm McDowell's glorious victory over an amorphous "Them" despite the fact that he was cruelly slaughtered in the end, a fate that would no doubt have been overcome. they succeeded in their attempts to join USEmbassy. The film did not tell us anything new about the Public Schools, homosexuality, cold bullying baths, patriotic sarcastic teachers, silly traditions. Too familiar a list. It was declared an allegory comparing Britain to the corrupt and decadent society represented by the school. Well, almost forty years in the same schools are still flourishing, the British social system has not changed, the "October Revolution" was long forgotten, except for those involved on one side or the other and Mr. Anderson completed his "State of the Country "trilogy for no purpose whatsoever. If, by chance, you want to read a book about students who have challenged the system more successfully than McDowell and his friends and lived to tell the story, find a copy of "Stalky & Co." "If" lent his name to the film of Anderson, a man born in colonial India, a man whose work is being discreetly erased from our literary history. And do this before the chattering classes can declare it as non-literary. Maybe someone should start a revolution about it.
