There's a really good scene in Faat Kine. The title character enters into an argument with another woman and after being threatened, Faat Kine gives her a face-lift. The scene works because the act is so unexpected, bizarre and quite funny at the same time. In that case, screenwriter / director Ousmane Sembene gives the audience an easy-to-create character, an interesting character that can be worth watching for two hours. In the scene, he presents a brave woman who is bold in her actions. For the rest of the film, the only other thing he seems to present is conflicting tones. <br /> <br /> The tone is everywhere. It's true that not all movies have to fit clearly into a specific genre, but I do not think Faat Kine fits into any genre. Supposedly, it's a drama, although there are times of such broad comedy (the spray mentioned above on the face) that can not be taken seriously. On the other hand, the film certainly is not a comedy with the plentiful amount of serious subjects that Sembene filled out. There is a way to mix comedy and drama together. Unfortunately, Semebene does not find this balance. Instead, one scene after another only approaches without much rhyme or reason, leaving two different tones hovering in the wind. <br /> <br /> Faat Kine also has the problem of running two hours with an extremely long finish. The movie ends with a big party in which all character conflicts are resolved, only they are not resolved quickly. The scene lasts longer than any other scene, probably for twenty minutes. As the rest of the scenes so far have been winding, the ending is particularly hard to bear with the repetition starting at the beginning of the scene, creating a frustrating viewing experience. <br /> <br /> Maybe I'm being too hard on Faat Kine. I'm not the right audience for this. I felt nothing for the characters and had no connection with any part of the story. There are people who are likely to find something significant in the story and see strong characters. However, I could not do it and therefore I can not recommend it.
