The store merchant Leo Fulci changes pace by making a fantasy film of sword and witchcraft useless and badly coherent, instead of his usual trashy, badly coherent horror. A kind of Orlando Bloom named Ilias from a society loosely similar to ancient Greece travels the ocean to a caveman territory in a vaguely defined search to fight evil, where he joins an animal hunter to fight the werewolf and mutant minions of an evil topless evil vampire. The madness follows. The sorceress is oppressing the men of the local caves and wants the magic bow for herself. She sends out several footmen, each one weirder than the last, after our heroes who win in the end, striking the men of oppressed caves everywhere. Does this movie contain a constant stream of WTF? elements and moments. <br /> <br /> For some reason, the whole movie is filmed in soft focus and the image is further blurred by the constant presence of fog on the screen. This may have been an attempt to create an atmosphere or hide as everything seems false. Either way, it failed. There is no atmosphere, unless it is of scrawl and slight perplexity and do not hide as everything seems lame. Werewolf minions look like a poor man's wookie. For some reason, the director fell in love with their shots jumping through the air in slow motion, Six Million Dollar Man style, towards our heroes when they attack. There are probably about a dozen of these photos throughout the film and it gets dumber the whole time. The other topless sorceress minions, in addition to generic leather humans, are some white mutants that appear to be covered with cobwebs. Needless to say, they are slow and non-threatening and when they speak they sound like gay, gay, gossiping Daleks. The fights are flamboyant and unconvincing and the special effects are regrettable. Oh yes, music is a cheap synthesizer material that the makers of Doctor Who would have been ashamed to use. <br /> Ilias, our nominal hero is bland and forgettable. He also seems like a complete idiot, especially with his belly revealing a leather suit and big hair, and he's clearly an idiot. Of course, he is a dynamite shot with his magic bow, but he only takes about three or four arrows with him on his mission to fight this whole continent of evil. Needless to say, he runs out of arrows in a few minutes and has to be saved by the most traditional sword and sorcerer hero, Mace. When he meets Ilias, he establishes himself as the lonely, taciturn type, claiming that he has no friends, but as soon as you can say latent homoerotic subtext, they are bosom friends, walking together in the misty hills. Mace promises to take Ilias with him in exchange for bow-related favors. Ilias asks where he is going. "Wherever my legs take me," is his response. Good enough for Ilias. Mace is also an animal lover and outrageous hypocrite. He proclaims his great love and affinity with animals, quoting the usual things about how he prefers them to humans because humans can be soooo bad. He says he would never hunt and kill an animal to feed himself, but he will steal meat from other people who hunted animals. He is also not above randomly killing innocent bystanders for no good reason. Not long after they meet, he's testing Ilias's bow and movie cuts for some random caveman, minding his own business, walking and Mace kills him. There is no indication that this poor soul did anything to deserve this, and even Ilias, who supposedly comes from a more moral and civilized society, does not even raise an eyebrow. <br /> <br /> The villain of the movies is quite unusual. For the entire film, she is completely naked, except for a floss and a gold mask that covers her entire head. It's as if Fulci included her to make the film mandatory T & A quotient, but decided she was little more than a butterface at the last minute. She spends a lot of time apparently giving pleasure to her pet snakes and dreaming of being shot by a faceless man who uses Ilias. Wow, such a symbolism! Later in the film she sings when she can not beat Ilias and Mace and promises to become the sexual slave of some ancient warrior if he kills them for her. Hardly the scariest villain in the world and is not really a step forward for women's rights. I think he's the creator of the spider webs of our heroes and he's made of Mace in a situation where there's no one around but Mace to cheat. Was he really worthy of exchanging his self-respect for Ocron? <br /> <br /> Are there any other WTF? moments. Most of them come to the end of the movie. Ilias is out of control, forgetting why, possibly her permanent hairstyle has become messy, but realizes the error of his manners and returns to help Mace fight the forces of evil. Suddenly, for no reason, your bow can suddenly shoot several targets for energy. Bolts can also fire through solid rock when needed. Needless to say, he does a short job of hordes of thugs who captured Mace. <br /> <br /> The climax is also somewhat pointless. Mace decimates the remaining forces of Ocron using the laser-attack capability of directed arcs. He is then able to fire the Ocron from a kilometer away, using his shot through rock capacity. She begins to die. His mask is torn from revealing a horrible Muppet's head. She staggers screaming and turns into a dog and walks away with another dog. Mace smiles. Believe in the credits. Strangely, with regard to such low-budget sword and witchcraft films, this is reasonably lucid and focused. Anyone who has seen the Wizards of the Lost Kingdom can tell you how absurd and sinuous these movies can be.
