Although it was released on DVD by Blue Underground about five years ago, I never found this Italian "sword and witchcraft" item on Italian TV in the early hours of the morning, and now that I've seen it myself, I know exactly why. Not because of her director's predilection for bloody extremes (of which there are some examples to be sure) or the fact that the handful of women in topless parade all the time (it is set in the Dark Ages after all) is , in fact, very poor indeed. In fact, I would go so far as to say that it may well be the worst of the kind I've ever seen and believe me, I've seen a lot (especially in recent years, ie after my 2004 tour). Venice Film Festival)! Reading about how the film's failure at the time of the initial release led to its director's subsequent (and unfortunate) career plunging into something meaningless, I can see the point: I may prefer the earlier period of Fulci "giallo" (1968- 77) for his most popular horror material (1979-82), but even in the latter, his commitment was indisputably unquestionable. On the other hand, CONQUISTE does not seem to have inspired Fulci in the least ?? seeing how he has decided to drape the process with an irritatingly perpetual mist, sprinkle with incongruous characters (cannibals vs. werewolves, anyone?), irrelevant gore (we are treated to a nasty and gratuitous cannibal dinner just before we witness the devouring revelers of flesh having their brains literally beaten by their hairy antagonists!) and even some highly unpleasant intimacy between the masked and annoying villain (do not ask) and his slimy reptilian pet !! For what it's worth, we have two heroes for the price of one here: a young boy of magic prow on a masculinity affirmation odyssey (Andrea Occhipinti) and his muscular companion (Jorge Rivero, ie Howard Hawks' French RIO WOLF [1970]!) Who, despite being called Mace (abbreviation of Maciste, perhaps?), Seems to be there simply to visit his cave from time to time and get his young man protected from trouble (particularly during an unpleasant attack of ' boils'). Unfortunately, even the usual saving grace of such lowbrow material falls short here, since the electronic score of ex-Goblin Claudio Simonetti seems very inappropriate at times. Fulci even tries to give the film a ridiculously hasty coding with the muscular, survivor hero going aimlessly into the desert (after defeating everyone and everyone with the help of the all-important magic arc - both for his supposed physical strength!) For his neighbor? and happily unfilmed? adventure!
