A model named Laura is working in South America when she is kidnapped from her hotel room by a gang and taken to the jungle. They demand a huge ransom for their deliverance. Peter is hired to take her home safely and there is a bonus for him if he can return the money as well as the girl. Peter is taken to the jungle by helicopter with his friend Jack. They try to give the kidnappers false money in exchange for Laura, but the plan goes terribly wrong and they have to bail out the helicopter. The helicopter is shot and they also need to take this off (not doing so well until now). Also roaming the jungles is a type of devil. In reality he is just a naked black guy with strangely large eyes and a breathing problem. He begins to kill some of the hijackers and Laura escapes only to be captured by some primitives. The rest of the movie is really a blur. <br /> <br /> Now I'm not a big fan of Jess Franco, actually even today this is just the second movie I've seen, but even I can say that this really is not one of your best efforts. The films hurl at a very slow pace, without much happening. The whole thing could have been edited easily on a 25-minute TV show. There are many shots of people walking through the jungle that could have just been taken. The Devil Hunter is dimly lit (I do not think it was actually lit), poorly nicknamed, badly acted and slow yet for some reason, did not bother me. I think the main reason for this was some of the hilarious bad scenes in it. For example, a scene where Laura is walking down the street was obviously filmed on a real street, as crowds of people stop to look directly at the camera while shooting. Another funny scene has a gang member who was killed, hanging from a tree, dripping blood while one of his friends gets under him screaming for what seems like minutes. Then, for no reason at all, the man at the head of the trees just falls and hits the guy beneath him. It has to be seen to be believed. Then, of course, there is the real devil. He's just a bare black man who, despite having huge eyes, has a very blurry vision. <br /> <br /> The film was recorded in part of the nasty scare in the 80s here in the UK and was banned. Now because I have no idea. There is very little blood and it is hardly a shocking movie. Except for nudity, I would have said that I could leave with a PG almost. The only thing I can think of is that it was never really watched and was added to the original list because of word of mouth. <br /> <br /> There's not much reason to watch this movie really, unless you're a huge fan of Jess Franco. There is a lot of nudity to prevent you from sleeping and also some scenes that are so bad that you can have a good laugh at them but, on the other hand, I would say just pay a ticket to South America and get lost in the jungle. It would probably be more fun. <br /> <br /> 3/10
