The problem with "The Killer Elite" is that just by pursuing this movie, and investing time to watch it, you are putting more effort into the experience than many of its directors, particularly director Sam Peckinpah. <br /> <br /> The already volatile Peckinpah was getting into bad weather with this movie. According to at least one biographer, that's when he became familiar with cocaine. Add to that your drunkenness, and no wonder things have collapsed. <br /> <br /> It's a shame because the concept behind the movie is good, and the first ten minutes promise a lot. Mike Locken (James Caan) and George Hansen (Robert Duvall) are private contractors who do a lot of dirty work for the CIA. They move fast, live well and seem to be best friends - then something happens to destroy their fellowship. <br /> <br /> An opening scene shows them blowing up a building-why exactly are not we being told, par? to the course in terms of obscure motivation of this film. But the implication is that these guys hurt people and do not really care - anti-heroes very much like the Wild Bunch of Peckinpah not long ago. An opening title tells us that they work for ComTeg, then adds with the obvious language on the cheek "... the thought that the CIA can employ such an organization for any purpose is obviously absurd." This is a very smart way to let the public know that all bets are being canceled. Add to that a traditional Peckinpah cast, including Peckinpah's Burt Young, Gig Young and Boeckkins, in the role of a madman who can not miss an opportunity to make $ 500 a day, and you just want the writers, including the celebrated Sterling Silliphant, to try to do more with the story than turn it into a lazy platform. -liners and bad imitations. An attempt to inject a dose of liberal social commentary is awkwardly intertwined. "You're so busy doing your dirty work, you can not tell who the bad guys are," someone tells Locken, as if he or she needs Worse yet. Worse still is Peckinpah's clumsy direction and slow pace. We are 40 minutes into the movie before we begin our first battle scene, a completely chaotic collection of random shots, where a group of people we do not even know are seen struggling at San Francisco Airport, their battle interspersed with a conversation in a suite of office. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, what's left of the cast is to have a battle inside a fleet of disabled Vessels, ninjas running in the open to be killed while Caan throws himself away. a lining that undermined any hint of real suspense. "Put me in from seven to five, I'm going to take the little boy," he ironically shortly before a climactic samurai duel between two ninja-warriors from China, who we all know is the land of ninjas. (The battle takes place in San Francisco, but surprisingly no Mounties arrives to end things.) Caan is much better in smaller scenes, as when Locken, recovering from some unpleasant injuries, is told by one. of his bosses, played by a suave Arthur Hill, who was "abandoned" by the organization. Caan refuses to stay down, and his recovery scenes, despite killing the moment for the film, feature good acting from him and from Amy Heflin, Van's daughter, as a support nurse. Caan was one of the best actors of the 1970s, and his laconic play with Heflin, Duvall, Hopkins and both Youngs gave the "Killer Elite" the ability to watch. But you do not watch "Killer Elite". thinking about that. You watch thinking of the movie that escaped.
