'No one knows anyone' is a conspiracy theory thriller about a satanic / nut bomber targeting Seville's religious festivities during Holy Week. He is also the hero's best friend in the movie. The plot is created by the bomber as a computer game, with him and the hero as players, and Seville as the virtual environment. The very real alleys and streets of the city begin to gain the labyrinthine qualities of those old Pacman-type games. Looking at it this way, the scene in which the hero and his female partner are pursued by black hooded penitents with lightning weapons may not seem as silly as it sounds. From the outset, we are aware that the narrative is being constructed as a game - the hero's job is to create crossword puzzles for a popular newspaper; at one point, the crossword grid on his screen becomes the chessboard in which he is playing later against his girlfriend's father. The clues are generously scattered, as the camera mystically closes in images that only later proved to be significant (for example, the ad in the bar). The detective / chase elements of paper are part of an ongoing game, instead of an investigation after the fact. The film uses much of the standard Se7en narrative, and anyone with a Catholic education presumably will get the meaning of certain events that will happen on certain days in the period before EAster. <br /> <br /> In this reading, the game is at the narrative level, with the hero fighting an enemy (in this case, the computer) to win and save the day. But there is a second game, the movie itself, which subverts the first. There is another set of clues pointing not to the killer's intentions, but to that of the filmmaker and his hero. In the first ten minutes there are references to chess, a writer named Navokov and a cult leader named Sarin. If we remember that the pseudonym of Nabokov of 1930 was Sirin, we see another game in progress, in which we suspect not to be the villain but the hero himself. In a Nabokov novel like Pale Fire, an author figure creates a text that is designed to hide its own motives, provoking a game between writer and reader to discover the actual text. Throughout the film there are visually distorted scenes (for example, the contraction of the image), or they are ambiguously defined dreams and hallucinations that make us suspect from the hero's point of view. The initial references to the games are all linked to it. In the first few sequences, much is made of the sexual and creative impotence of the character, so the film could be his attempt to dominate his life, be a winner, in a way he can not really. As soon as he won the game, his writer's block disappears; the words he types are the title of the film, suggesting that he is the general author. Moreover, this title in Spanish reflects on itself negatively, a very nabokoviane involution that suggests a hero, like Kinbote, stuck in his own solecism. This mix of postmodern literature (Borges, Eco, Pynchon et al are also alluded to), Fincher, 'X-Files', 'Run Run Lola', Chris Marker (the idea of ​​the city and its history as a map and a text, and as a cultural history haunting the present), Bunuellian anti-clericism and the "shock" films of Alex de la Iglesia result in a film that is just that, a confusion, each element allusive intelligent and intelligent nullifying the last sinking interest. The lack of clarity about the rules of the game makes it incomprehensible and eventually wearing. Ironically, in a work of such overdetermined artifice, the main interest of the film lies in its documentary quality, as a record of a narrative that occurs in a real city with its own events occurring independently. Such an ambiguous view of fact and fiction can create a masterpiece like "Sans Soleil" or "London", but ultimately you need to have a light touch to match your intelligence.
