Within the realm of science fiction, two specific themes consistently arouse interest, were first explored in the literature of a pre-cinematographic era, and have since been periodically revisited by filmmakers and writers, with varying degrees of success. The first theme, that of time travel, retained an unwavering fascination for movie fans as well as the written word, most recently on screen with another version of H.G. Wells's classic "The Time Machine." The second theme, which also captures the public, is that of invisibility, which awakens the imagination with seemingly endless and innumerable possibilities. And that theme has also once again become the basis for a film adapted from another HG Wells classic, "The Invisible Man," whose performance here is "Hollow Man," directed by Paul Verhoeven and starring Kevin Bacon and Elisabeth Shue . <br /> <br /> Sebastian Caine (Bacon) and his colleagues have for some time conducted experiments for the United States government, exploring the possibility and practicality of invisibility, which they finally reached in a number. of the primates on which they tested their method. They, in fact, have progressed to the point that the realization of invisibility is assured; his only problem now is to bring the subject back to the original "visual" state of being. It is a problem, however, that Caine, after diligent effort and many hours in the laboratory, has settled - or so he thinks. And when the application of his theory on a living subject succeeds, he decides to present the results to the board of directors in an effort to maintain the necessary funding for the continuation of the project. At the last minute, however, Caine disagrees, fearing that project control will be wrested from him before they can advance to the next level - the test of a human subject. And he assumes the responsibility of becoming that subject, assuring the assistance of his research team, telling them that they have received approval from the council to do so. But something goes wrong, and Caine gets stuck in his cloak of invisibility; and as he and his team struggle to find the solution to their considerable dilemma before it's too late, it all begins to affect Caine's mind. And suddenly his fear of losing funding and control becomes irrelevant, for he is faced with the imminent danger of losing much more than that. Now there is a very real chance he can lose everything - including himself. <br /> <br /> Verhoeven created what is initially an exciting, even thought-provoking film; he sets a good pace and uses F / X at his disposal with great effect, although he tends to allow the impressive visuals to overburden the character's development. Anyone familiar with "The Invisible Man," or anyone who logically follows the progression of history, will know early on that Caine is not destined for happier times. Still, Verhoeven has a storytelling style that will definitely attract attention and engage your audience. But he seems inclined to run towards climax, and along the way he abandons every nuance that has made his film so far successful, opting to enter into a final sequence that is nothing more than blood and blood senseless . fest that betrays his audience and everything he has worked on before in the movie. Instead of seeking a clever solution to Caine's suffering, and using some inventiveness and imagination to bring the film to the inevitable conclusion, Verhoeven follows the path of the bass, and although it may succeed on a purely visceral level, any meaning that may derive of history dissolves like so many ashes to the wind, along with anything that would have made this a memorable movie. And it's a shame, because Verhoeven has it on a higher level than much of what is offered in this genre, and it allows it to sink unnecessarily to a much smaller one. <br /> <br /> Kevin Bacon does a good job creating a character that is believable, even if only superficially, which apparently serves Verhoeven's purpose perfectly. There is little depth in Bacon's portrait, but it has more to do with his director's agenda than with his own acting skills. Verhoeven simply does not allow Bacon the time to develop Caine to any extent; the character is primarily a vessel around which Verhoeven can build his story and, to that end, works. The film would have been better served, however, Verhoeven and Bacon collaborated more closely in at least developing a bond between Caine and the audience that would have provoked some emotional involvement on the part of the spectators, something that would have attracted them a little, instead of letting them at the gate, so to speak, as mere observers of an extravagance charged with F / X. <br /> <br /> Elisabeth Shue behaves well in the role of Linda McKay, Caine's willing accomplice in illness. experiment, but it's basically an unpleasant part that offers little challenge, especially for an actor of the caliber of Shue. The same can be said of Kim Dickens (so magnificent in the 2001 movie, Things Behind the Sun). Her character, Sarah Kennedy, does little more than support the action and F / X. Both actors are capable of much more, and deserve better than what they get to work here. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Josh Brolin (Matthew), Greg Grunberg (Carter), Joey Slotnick (Frank), Mary Randle (Janice) and William Devane (Dr. Kramer). Fun to some degree, and even successful at a certain level (low), 'Hollow Man' is one of those movies that lets you behold what might have been. As an annual fireworks show, it will give you some momentary thrills, but after a while it will start to blend in with all the others you've seen, with nothing special to separate it. And it's a shame because considering the talent and abilities of those involved here, this could have been so much more. I rate this 4/10. <br /> <br /> <br />
