Vampires Vs. Zombies begins with the news that the unidentified disease that is spreading throughout America leaves the sufferer with homicidal and cannibal tendencies ... Travis Fontaine (CS Munro) and his teenage daughter Jenna (Bonny Giroux) listen to the radio while driving along isolated roads to try to escape the disease when Travis runs over a guy I imagine to be a zombie. A little further down the road he stops to help Julia (Brinke Stevens) and her teenage daughter Carmilla (Maratama Carlson), who are waving to the side of the road at this time, there is also a third teenage named Tessa (Melanie Crystal) sitting on the side behind Julia's car tied up and gagged. For me, this situation seems strange, but Travis, as the soldier he is, takes everything in his rhythm and agrees to "take" Carmilla from Julia's hands and, well, I do not really know. Then, with a complete stranger, Travis leaves leaving Julia and Tessa. Carmilla seems to be a nice girl, but she ends up being a vampire and she likes to bite people and turn them into vampires, oh and she's partial to a bit of lesbianism too. Travis, Carmilla and Jenna continue to travel while a guy named The General (Peter Ruginis), who seems to be some kind of vampire killer and probably has something to do with it all, but the movie is a mess that does not really matter and I really do not know how to continue this plot outline as my head hurts just thinking about it ... Co-edited, co-executive produced, written and directed by the supremely untold Vince D'Amato Vampires vs. Zombies is one of the worst horror movies of all time and therefore one of the worst movies of all time. D'Amato's script was apparently based on a classic story titled "Carmilla," by Sheridan Le Fanu (he must render) and is an absolute mess, the holes in the plot and logic are so large that you could drive a tank through them ! What is the disease that turns people into zombies? Why is Carmilla a vampire? Who is Julia to her? Who the hell is the general? What does he want? Where are Travis and Jenna going? How can Travis run over a man and still have not the slightest human emotion about him? What's with the mental ward in the end? There are also some confusing and unnecessary dream sequences to further bother the viewer. There are so many things wrong with this movie, the narrative does not make a bit of blind sense, the concept is terrible and has never been explained properly and is incredibly annoying. I do not have a positive thing to say about Vampire Vs. Zombies, not one. Forget all the vampires fighting zombies, because that just does not happen, tell me again why this movie is called Vampires Vs. Zombies Director D'Amato used one of the most incompetent, bad, ill-done, badly thought-out, and painfully-made visualization experiences of all time. Vampires Vs. Zombies do not really have redeeming qualities, there is not a single aspect that I can praise. The blood is really fake in appearance, there are some blood splats that look like red water, some really cheap staking effects and a decent climax where zombies feed on Carmilla and Jenna's intestines, this rather bloody scene is probably the best part of every miserable movie, but it lasts only a few minutes and by no means outweighs the other 85. <br /> <br /> The budget in Vampires Vs. The zombies must have been small, in fact, they even have a budget because most of it is placed on a road in some cars. This is one of the worst-made horror movies that has been my unfortunate to watch, the whole thing sucks. The acting is predictably horrible, and I mean horrible. <br /> <br /> There is not much more to say, Vampires Vs. Zombies is easily one of the worst movies ever made. O (V) next to the title on the main page for IMDb for Vampires vs. Zoimbies indicates that it went straight to the video, well, that's very good for that pile of shit as it deserves to go straight to the nearest fire.
