First of all, I must emphasize how rare it is that I take the time to comment on a movie I've seen, it takes a very special case for me to take the time and write about how I felt about a movie. That said, from the hundreds of movies I watched, I saw some of the brightest, Shawshank, the scariest, The Woman in Black, the funniest, the Shark Attack III: Megaladon, and now the worst: Vampires Vs. Zombies The first thing that should be said is that this movie is not funny! For those who are looking for a lightweight movie that will be entertaining or at least as bad as it is funny, look elsewhere. It's true that a movie like this is not trying to be subtle and brilliant, with a title like that, you should know what you're getting into. That said, there is no excuse for a movie to abandon any rule that governs the film world. This is not a discussion between the traditional process of making movies and the newer and more "artistic" methods to create a movie, this is a discussion between bad directors and companies that are responsible for making horrible movies. <br /> <br /> Film suffers from over saying saying "I do not know where to start." Really everything about this movie is broken. From acting to editing, there is no reason for a movie to ever fail to present a cohesive series of events like Vampires Vs. Zombies Some of the following problems are; 1. Scene failures - Of course the director, the film crew and the actors were not on the same page. In a particular scene, the scene begins with the camera resting on the floor, looking at the passenger side door of a car. You're waiting for the person inside to leave, but there is one, and that's no exaggeration, at least 10 second delay between the camera comes and the director says "action" where everything happens on the screen. The viewer stares at the door of a car all the time, without sound, without movement, only with the stereotyped "dead air" that radio or TV commentators fear. Where was the issue? 2. Performance - A forgivable offense in most cases, you can not expect a movie like this to have Oscar winners, but Vampires Vs. Zombies lead to poor performance on another level. These "actors" could hardly read their scripts, obviously, because anyone with the ability to read and speak would have been able to pronounce the speech better than these fools. My only comparison to the acting would have to be the opening scene of Resident Evil on the Playstation. But that performance was even better. <br /> <br /> 3. Story - Wait, what? Story? Again, you can not expect this to be the greatest story ever told, but is it too much to ask that we have some narrative appearance? Why vampires? Who are the characters? Who are the bad guys? Are there good guys? Why all the lesbians? But more importantly, what is the problem with zombies? If you've seen this movie then you'll understand what I mean, but for those who have not been, there are no zombies in this movie other than maybe five minutes of it. It was almost as if the director had forgotten the name of the movie and was forced to play some unexplained zombies in the end. <br /> <br /> There's a lot more, but I hope I've done enough to stop anyone from watching this movie.
