The above seemed a much more appropriate title when me and my suicidal subalterns decided to watch this masterpiece of modern bullshit Erotic, Spooky, Suspense, Well thought out, these are all the things this movie does not But it's incredibly funny, the slow sound effects and bad dubbing contribute to the creation of one of the biggest comedies I've seen in recent years. And yet this movie does not even try to be funny and this is one of the great achievements of the cinema, it becomes a comedy without even trying to amuse. Throughout the movie, an old guy who looks incredibly like Santa Claus walks around plowing zombies and crushing vampires on the floor. That made me not believe the title of the movie, if that were vampires vs. zombies, why did not vampires and zombies fight? Well, whatever, besides, there were more flaws in that rent than in the title. Like this one; there has been a virus sweeping America by creating beings like zombies that go around acting like a common tourist. And yet there are only four zombies in the entire movie. Another problem is that in addition to a shop everywhere is deserted. Surely you would see zombies roaming the forest or in the background a little. In fact, I believe they just drove in a forest circle over and over again, since they did not have a budget high enough to film in a larger location, or the director did not want to waste his precious time filming in different areas of wood he was busy sitting in a trailer masturbating to worry about such trivial matters. <br /> <br /> In fact, the director had so much fun doing this that he did not have enough time to hire a big enough cast or even an editor. And then he told the eight cast members to dress like different people and try not to act discreetly, while I suppose he changed his name and started randomly picking up the rolls of film "edit is not a hard job, right?" The only reason this "movie" found its way into our purse was because somehow we got confused with Freddy vs. Jason, strange how such things happen, is not it. And the only way we could do the night was tie gas masks and lock them up in our skulls to keep them from smelling that sickening mess. <br /> <br /> Oh yes, we laughed at the end, but I'm sure this is a lot when he lost his sanity .................. .
