While it's not such a terrible movie (especially considering it was made directly for TV distribution), it will be very difficult to pinpoint an aspect in "Bloodsuckers" that is really original or refreshing. Vampires in space is not exactly a new formula, and even after so many movies dealing with these monsters in this particular scenario, yet no one seems to realize that it is an incredibly stupid premise that can not result in a decent horror film. "Leeches" still goes one step further and shamelessly imitates every imaginable movie that revolves around vampires and intergalactic warfare. The plot and characters are stolen directly from John Carpenter's "Ghosts of Mars" and James Cameron's Aliens, as a team of futuristic vampire hunters are crossing space and regularly holding to eliminate a mutant species that peculiarly calls itself after horror icons notorious, like the Voorhees and the Leatherfaces. Good guys are a bunch of pathetic stereotypes, constantly dealing with clichéd issues and incessantly arguing over terribly unimportant matters. Captain Damian is the unpopular rookie, who will have to prove his leadership ability now, having been more or less responsible for the death of Captain Churchill earlier (and much more loved). The other annoying characters include a typical cowboy style and a macho male pilot, a tough warrior with more balls than any of the male on board (she is of Asian descent, as the "Aliens" girl was Latina) and a valuable secret weapon : a Blade-girl! Quintana is a beautiful and deadly vampire who chose the side of humans. She can identify enemies when they are still light years away and she can also do perversely sexy things with someone's wet dreams. They all end up learning to work as a team when they are forced to face the final vampire-liar: Michael Ironside (in yet another relegation role). "Bloodsuckers" is a hopelessly stupid movie, but it manages to entertain as long as it contains bloody killings, children's dialogues and OTT makeup effects. It only gets intolerably boring when the frustrated soldiers blame the captain for the umpteenth time and blah blah blah. This film is an unbroken series of lame cliches and non-creative ideas, but at least it's watchable.
