Man has been in the ends of the earth and now he is traveling to new worlds. But with new worlds come ancient evils ... the vampires of space. And not just a handful, but whole tribes. In this film (which I saw as "Bloodsuckers", but I think it's also called "Vampire Wars"), we see what happens when Imperial Terrans encounter imperialist vampires. <br /> <br /> I will make this review too short. because it is unworthy of a good review. The best I can say for this movie is that it has a good cast of stars and future listings. Natassia Malthe was Quintana and was much more attractive than in "Bloodrayne 2". Michael Ironside is Mucus, and is always a fan favorite (as I say, he's Jack Nicholson's poor). And we even got Carrie-Ann Fleming as "Damian's wife", which terror fans will now recognize as Jenifer from the same name as Dario Argento's "Jenifer." So this movie, however bad, does not have some names attached ... but the same can be said of Uwe Boll's work. <br /> <br /> The concept of military tracking and killing vampires in space. is not necessarily a bad idea, but falls easily into the realm of "cheese" and this film is difficult. The performance, especially of the vampires, is exaggerated and I simply did not find the explanations of their existence very convincing. Worst of all, vampire tribes have the names "Voorhess" and "Leatherfaces". I understand that this should be a smart reference for horror fans, but it was not smart at all. It sounded dumb and out of place (as opposed to much more subtle references in James Gunn's "Slither," such as naming stores for lesser-known horror directors). <br /> <br /> That's all I want to say. If you can get a lot of cheese (this day I could not and I'm from Wisconsin) and want to see middle-sized actors in poor costume fighting vampires in space (though "space" looks a lot like any other forest on earth) you can find it. I personally do not recommend this when you can watch other movies full of vampires ("Vampires" by Jon Carpenter) or other cheesy space movies. Or maybe even some good ones. But do your thing.
