I saw this a couple of nights ago, not expecting much and unsurprisingly that did deliver nothing very exciting. The plot set up by a crew of vampire hunters (V-San, for vampire sanitation), spinning in their spaceship periodically killing space vampires and rescuing people, is quite solid and if the film had been treated better, been something ace. Unfortunately, after a fairly decent opening, the feeling of real quality begins to fade from the film, leaving something behind, though loosely watchable, is ridiculously bad. I do not expect anything special from these films that appear on the Sci Fi Channel and at least that was not one of the characteristics of their creatures with an appalling cgi behemoth, but it was still very bad, mainly due to writing and acting, but with a contribution valuable to the general evil done by the horrible music. When the film opted for a typical science fiction soundtrack that sounded strange to the soundtrack, fine, but often hilariously bad the soft rock intruded and played scenes in foolishness. I would have tolerated the general tacky action and writing but for the choice of the song, which was a serious miscalculation, turning things from cheesy to comical nonsense. From acting, Dominic Zamprogna was fine but bland as the nominal hero while Leanne Adachi was pretty annoying when the tough girl from the vampire team and Aaron Pearl touched another limb that was not well written or interesting enough to make a good impression . Although she did not look so good in actor's play, Natassia Malte did well for being less irritating than the others, and for the fact that she is seriously good to see. The only serious name in the cast is Michael Ironside, and it's underused, though it's a lot of fun, in a way that is suspected to have been intentional. He seems to have fun and earn his salary and his role is fun. The effects are OK overall, they are at least the standards of the science fiction TV show, and there are also some scenes of blood splatters and a bit of blood as well. Things are going well, and I almost feel bad evaluating this film badly, but then I remember laughed at regular intervals and realizing that unless the film is an intentional comedy, which I think is not, it simply is not t succeed. A lot is lame, foolish, unconvincing, it's an OK effort, I guess, but it did not appeal to me. Just take a chance if you really dig Sci Fi junk or unintentional laughs I would say.
