Bloodsuckers have the potential to be a decent movie, the concept of military types tracking and battling vampires in space is one with some potential in the cheesiest realm of things. Even the idea of ​​the universe being filled with several different vampire races, all with different attributes, many of which the characters have not yet figured out, is pretty cool as well. As for how much of life in the galaxy off the ground is vampire, I'm not sure how the creators want it to work, given the nature of vampires. Who the hell must they be feeding themselves if almost everyone is a vampire I do not know. As it is the film comes across a mix of low budget Firefly / Serenity movies and vampires with a dash of Aliens. The action parts of the film are fairly average and derivative (particularly serene) but acceptable - they are reasonably well executed and there is enough blood for a vampire movie, including some of the comic variety to spurt blood. There are a lot of character things, most of which are boring, coming from clashes between characters that mostly seem silly, immature, silly, mostly cowboy-faced and Asian woman. There are some character scenes that really work and the actors do not play much, but most of the time it gets in the way. A good attempt to show the characters, but people do not watch a movie called Bloodsuckers for character development and drama. The acting is really good. Michael Ironside talks and is as fun to watch as ever and at least some of the women are hot. The SFX space is not too bad for what is clearly a low budget job. The story is again fairly average and derivative, but like I said, the created world has a little potential. The way things are set up Leeches really look like the pilot of a series of introduced TV character dynamics, the world introduced but not explored, and so on. <br /> <br /> The film has some highlights and moments of scratching your head. - the kind of thing that really makes these dishonest productions watchable. "The scene where our heroes interrogate a panty-type creature. Hilarious. - The "sex scene." WTF, in fact. -The credit "And Michael Ironside as Mucus". The most annoying aspect of all this is really horrible and generally inappropriate pop music that they play very loudly over half the scenes of the movie. It is painful to hear and only lowers the average, at best. <br /> <br /> Basically, a good watch is that you're ready for something tacky, even if it's just for the "rib cage" scene.
