Although the actors were good, especially Fritzi Haberland as the blind Lilly, the script of the film is obsessively pretentious and completely arbitrary. A famous theater director (Hilmir Snær Guðnason), becoming blind after a car accident, is fleeing from himself and his fate. Lilly, being blind from birth, is a teacher of blind people and wants to make him "see" again. (Blind people are seeing with their fingers, nose and ears). Here, this movie is becoming a roadmovie; and the further the road becomes, the closer their relationship develops, which was predictable from the beginning of the film. The theater director is on his way to his mother (Jenny Gröllmann). Her mother is living somewhere in Russia at sea and making artistic installations - of course, what else should she do! - and she's still alive, because she's waiting for his son to die. My God! This is the destination! <br /> <br /> Finally the son has arrived! Mom is celebrating a great party! On the beach. The wind blows and a pianist plays a real piano in the middle of a dune. Yes, they are celebrating your farewell. The son arrives on time. The mother can finally swallow the pills administered by a beautiful nurse. Now a great artist can die in the arms of his great son artist, speaking sad contemplations about living in perfect German while the son is responding with a rough accent. Because the son is unable to see, he is not falling in love with the nurse - the script of the film would also become very complicated! "But you're looking for Lilly on the way home. Parallel to this roadmovie, Lilly's sister, staying at home is asking a clumsy schoolmate to deflower her, who first has to get drunk. The occasion is favorable. Because Mom (Tina Engel) is on a journey along with Lilly's lover, Paul (Harald Schrott). They're after Lilly, to bring her back. Paul and Lilly's mom are not falling in love because the script for the movie would have become too complicated. The script of the film failed to make Paul also exceptional. I would suggest an architect or a pianist, or of course a famous one! When they finally find Lilly, they want to convince her, to go back to Paul because he has two eyes to see and is able to take care of her. But Lilly fell in love with her student, the theater director; Did I mention that he was even a famous theater director? <br /> <br /> This is German cinematographic art! As you can see in this pretentious production, the German film subsidy fund is not always producing good films because they subsidize just such pseudo-intellectual films. This movie is really embarrassing. I have the impression that the movie script was patched up by some intellectuals in cafes and restaurants. Everyone has the right to contribute an idea. Probably also Til Schweiger contributed some intellectual flicker, being a co-producer. I was reminded by this film script for another German film of absolute pain: "Barfuss" - the spelling of the title is not right! DVD cover "Barfuss" proudly writes: "The Til Schweiger Film". This film also received subsidies from the Filmstiftung NRW, Filmförderung Hamburg and the FFA. <br /> <br /> Please do not ruin your time with this movie! There are really good films in Germany. Watch out for movie directors like Marcus H. Rosenmuller, Joseph Vilsmaier, Hans Steinbichler, Hans Christian Schmid, Faith Akin ...
