I got this Cuban movie in an art club. It was shown shortly after the masterful 1935 cartoon, Silly Symphony, where Symphony Island reconciles with Jazz Island. What with the late Ruben Gonzalez passed through the loudspeakers in this old ballroom and a Cuban flag hanging in stuccoed motifs of stucco rocambole, the scene was marked for a celebration of engaged cinema and synchronized shouts in the idiocy of Helms-Burton. But then the movie started. And the peeling paint of the cinema has gradually become more interesting than the poor quality mess on the screen. <br /> <br /> The plot of Nothing But promises a lot. Carla is a bored envelope-stamper in a Cuban post. Their only way out of a totally monotonous existence is to steal letters and rewrite them, turning basic interpersonal grunts into brontan explosions of breathless emotions. To suggest countless shots of photogenic Cubans gushing with joy, sadness, pity, terror and the like. The problem is that the simplicity of the narrative is marked by endless excursions in the artiness of film-school, Latin caricature, The irony of the Marx brothers and even - during a particularly astounding editing trick - the breakup of an escort of a celluloid in the face of a character. <br /> <br /> One-dimensional characters are plentiful. Cunda, the postmaster, is a dominatrix-nosferatu with no humor. His accomplice, wide-eyed, Concha, points several fingers, listens and shouts. Cesar, the metal idiot and romantic interest, reveals the hidden talent of writing when Carla leaves for Miami. A chase scene (in oh-so-hilarious fast-forward) is played to a good extent. All of this would look good on a comic book Mortadello and Filemon, but on a zero-FX black-and-white movie with highbrow pretensions, ahem. <br /> <br /> Nothing But try to straddle the stile somewhere between Amelie's 'peculiar heroism-matchmakes-strangers' and Il Postino's 'poetry-as-great-redeemer' theme. Like Amelie, her protagonist is an eccentric single white woman who fights the impending solitude while trying to bring magic into the lives of strangers. And like Il Postino, the film does not shy away from sustained recitals of poetry and a bicycle postman takes a romantic stance. Unfortunately, Nothing But fails to capture the exuberance and transcendence of any film. <br /> <br /> There are two things that may deserve watching this movie in a late-night TV stupor. The first is the opening photo of Carla on a tile floor, which cuts off the crossword in which she is working. The second is to see Nothing But as an example of warning: our obsession for the product with the Cuban artistic production can often lead us to accept any scum that contains a bongo in the soundtrack. This movie should not have merited a global release - films like Waiting List and Guantanamera cover similar thematic territories with much more success.
