The Invisible Man is a fantastic 1933 film, a vanguard film for the time when objects seemed to rest upon a man who was truly invisible. Go ahead, take a look at the movie, you'll be shocked that it was made in 1933, it was the first true special effects movie. In the 2000s, computer-aided special effects seem like child's play, the audience is not surprised by special effects, on the contrary, they are disappointed if they are not done correctly. The special effects in Hollow Man, the updated story of HG Wells, are good, but not the biggest problem with this movie directed by Paul Verhoeven, you can remember Showgirls and Total Recall. Kevin Bacon plays Sebastian Caine, a scientist involved in the bio-invisibility world (yes, I know it's not a word), but of course he's battling highs that are threatening to take the team's funding. So as the characters in the movie who are about to have their funding cut are prone to do, it makes the ultimate sacrifice and becomes a guinea pig for the invisibility process (yes, I know, I used that word without words again ). The process has terrible consequences, no Cain does not die, but becomes a violent and excited creature, also known as a face. Now that he is invisible, Caine pursues a sexy neighbor, a coworker, ex-girlfriend Linda (Elisabeth Shue) and the man who took out his funding. So, a funny thing happens, Caine becomes a new supernatural being, "The thing that will not die". Laughing at all things natural, Caine faces death and spits in his face as he takes what seems like hours for this creature to die, dragging the end of the movie out. The film is silly, stupid and finally laughable with the way realism is used sometimes, sometimes not. There are good possibilities in Hollow Man, but of course none of them are exploited. For a more interesting look at an invisible being, get ready for a good old black and white movie and check out the Invisible Man of 1933. Kevin Bacon will still be invisible when you return, probably still alive at the bottom of a volcano.
