Ghost Town begins when Kate Barrett (Catherine Hickland) drives down an isolated deserted road, her car suddenly breaks down and she hears hooves of horses approaching ... Sheriff Langley (Frank Luz) of Riverton County is called to investigate the Kate's missing father reports his foul. He finds her broken and leaves driving looking for her, unfortunately his car also breaks and he has to walk. Langley soon discovers that it is literally a ghost town as it is populated by the ghosts of its former residents and is directed by the evil Devlin (Jimmie F. Skaggs) who kidnapped Kate for reasons never explained and it's up to Langley to rescue her and end the city curse ... <br /> <br /> The only directorial effort of Richard Governor in this strange movie did not do much for it. I did not like it that much. The script of Duke Sandefur tries to mix the horror and western genres, which does not have great effect. Have you ever wondered why there are no more Western horror movies out there? Well, not me, but if I asked myself that question, I'd find all the answers in Ghost Town, because it's not very good. The two genres just do not mix so well. There are a lot of cliches, on the western side of things there are innocent people who are afraid of facing a gang of thugs who terrify them, shootings in the main street, bars with swing doors and prostitutes upstairs. & wise horror there are many cobwebs, some ghosts, an ancient curse, talking corpses and some violent deaths. I was very disappointed with this, I suppose there is nothing terribly wrong with this, other than just being annoying and the two genres do not fit so well. There are some holes in the plot too, why did Devlin kidnap Kate? I know she looked like her previous girlfriend, but how did he know that and what would he do with her? We never know why this ghost town is full of ghosts, that is, what keeps them there and what made them come back like ghosts? So there's a bit at the end when Devlin, after being shot, says he can not be killed just for Langley to kill him a few seconds later, I mean, why the bullets did not work in the first place? Governor Director makes certain, there is a nice horror movie atmosphere with a few sets of cobwebs scattered well & the standard city of western Hollywood is represented here with a central street with wooden buildings lining each side of it . I would not say it's scary because it's not, there's not much tension either, and the movie creeps into places despite having little more than 80 odd odd minutes. Forget any blood, there are a few wounds of bloody bullets, a shot after the fact of two people with their throats cut off and someone is impaled with a metal mast and that's it. <br /> <br /> I would have thought the budget was quite small here, it is reasonably well done & it is competent if nothing else. Credit where credit is due to period suits and sets are very good indeed. The performance is good, but no one will win any prize. <br /> <br /> Ghost Town is a strange movie, I'm not sure who it is to attract and it certainly did not appeal to me. . Anyone looking for a western will be annoyed by the stupid horror elements, while anyone looking for a horror movie will be bored with the western elements. It's a bit different, but that does not mean it's good, it's worth noting if you're desperate, but you're not crazy to see it.
