I had a recent viewer experience with The Perfect Witness (2007) because the NetFlix computer recommendation engine suggested that I watch this movie. Apparently, at some point, I told you how much I enjoyed Benny's video, by Michael Haneke. I do not know about you, but this parallel being drawn provoked in me a whirl of excitement and excitement about Thomas C. Dunn's film and made the allocation of my time virtually impossible to refuse. Only this kind of recommendation of NetFlix computer intelligence, for me, had the aesthetic / moral level set at such a high level that, after reflection, it represented something almost unfinished in all the films produced in the year 2007. <br /> Having prefaced my response to the film in this way, I will continue to overthrow this image as ill-executed and banal; and I really hate to do it because I think our boy, Wes Bentley, is not only one of the most interesting young faces in contemporary cinema, but also one of the most overlooked and underrated screen display talent in the US. I am more than moderately worried that the poor boy will miss the ship of fame if he keeps playing with the movie directors the first time like this. The Perfect Witness is about Micky (Wes Bentley), who, about thirty years old, still lives with his mother ("Are not you drinking in a new area?"), but he is a "filmmaker "or at least some kind of street voyeur with a pension to shoot Johns candidates in the dead ends of Philadelphia with his DVX 100B. Outside, doing her private investigative exercises, Micky "inadvertently" videotaped a brutal murder on an unfortunate 20-year-old daughter along with her portable camcorder. Discovering the notion that snuff and cinema as cultural currency can be their equivalent to their passage out of the white urban ghetto (and not the debts of their friends and unwilling relatives who invest money in their atrocious movies), Micky addresses the assailant , James LeMac (Mark Borkowski: also takes a written credit) or "Mac the Knife", whatever, and blackmails the killer into making a documentary about his murders impulses, holding this film about the aggressor with threats from the police O problem with this movie is not that there are no interesting ideas because they exist. While writing and directing are amateurs, this alone does not make a bad movie. It's that these guys make a fairly poor assumption that what they're presenting is shocking in the context of a culture where virtually anyone in the free world with access to a particular computer can log on to the Web and grasp the veracity of the action of a decapitation on your little Mac or PC. No film depends solely on shock value (unless, of course, ironically, it is a film about animal torture), and therefore cinematic images of violence (real or counterfeit) have less and less cultural capital each year. In addition, we have this astonishing actor talent in the all-stylish leadership: his two-inch beard and skull cap with the small account in it, back like the high school idiots who craved after the potential services of my primary love interest ? same face that only now is called "poet". <br /> <br /> Spare me. "I'm an artist," "I'm a filmmaker." OK. Please continue with this trick, Cronnie. Seems to have bought a lot of expensive 35mm stock. And go ahead, you can use all the additions to a "creative" one, but do not expect you to respond to it, follow your below-average character in your two-hour movie as you bring down Wes Bentley's career. Why do not we let the story speak to the merits of what you do, dear filmmaker? My guess is that the story will eventually have something to say about it, as probably this is not good as you think it is. And yes, the odds are you blame it on your dear mother, end up like our Micky man here in The Perfect Witness; stuck in the kiss and covered with the blood of his friend with a video camera in his hand. Great.
