Another day stuck inside the house, another movie to watch. Having finally completed my Christmas shopping yesterday on a cold and cloudy afternoon, I had no other place to go to escape "The Land That Time Forgot." Or rather, I had nothing left to watch. <br /> <br /> Doug McClure, that bastion of protagonists, leads a handful of Allied sailors sunk by a submarine somewhere in the Atlantic in 1916. Capturing the U-Boat (in a scene that defies logic and reason ), they end up finding themselves on a strange island, apparently untouched by human hands. Together, they explore the land and discover dinosaurs and Neanderthals! Can they escape before they become permanent residents of the land that the Time has forgotten? <br /> <br /> Although made a few years before "Star Wars," these films have years of light difference in terms of special effects. The photos of the model are a bit better than anything you'd expect to see in an episode of Gerry Anderson's "Stingray," and the creatures are not much better. When the T-Rex (I assume that was it) was killed, he fell like zombies when you kill them - frozen in the middle of the walk and collapse, arms and legs stretched out like a sleeping cow that's been pushed. Granted, the sets are not too bad, but the bad, endless sounds of blasting (they all sound the same) do their best to ruin the credibility and enjoyment of the image as a whole. The characters are neither credible nor worthy of their sympathy when they shoot their weapons apparently at anything that moves. In the end, I just did not care if they left the island or not and when the end came, I was more relieved than entertained. <br /> <br /> Costumes are authentic enough until the cavemen arrive, and they are bear skin bikinis and loin cloths all over. And while it was pretty obvious by his actions, you would not know that some characters were German from their accents. The whole thing only lacked polish and cohesion, leaving the viewer confused in some places and disconcerted in others. Overall, this movie barely registers a surge of excitement these days, though you might find some little fun trying to figure out where Colin Farrell is. I saw his name on the credits and almost waited for a baby to appear in an Irish accent and suspect facial hair. Oh well. Nothing particularly great here to see then, but just about OK if you are eating your lunch and the weather is preventing further activity.
