I just watched this movie. I was very excited since I am a big fan of Punk Rock, horror movies and Spoofs. I was very surprised by what I saw. I knew it was a low budget, but I did not expect it to be recorded with a video camera. It starts with a good song and a very underrated band, The Horrorpops, reforming their music, Where They Wander, and being promptly murdered in many horrifying ways. It's a great opening. But the problem is the fact that by the end, that really was all that the movie was. A live performance, a death. Another live performance, one death. That gets old. And there is gross (literally) gross use of intestines in death scenes. Why does not the killer use other parts of the body, such as legs, eyeballs, or brains? Do not get me wrong, this movie has some amazing parts. Like the French hardcore band, known simply as BERET, the perspective of a band called Atticus, the scene containing a performance of members of The Used and Simple Plan playing together, since none of the bands had enough members to play in the show, and Bowling For Soup's Overweight-and-proud-of-it guitarist being killed in a truly hilarious way, I will save it for future moviegoers. But the big problem I have with this movie is the first comic, but after a while, the terrible lack of talent in many of the "actors." Especially the creator of the Warped Tour, Kevin Lyman. He tries a lot, but I suspect he did not want to do the movie, but I was contractually bound or something. Also, the sound quality is terrible and there are no subtitles on the DVD. The movie resolution plot is very nebulous and very random. something about a magic sword and Lloyd Kaufman as the devil. In short, this movie has many good qualities, but not enough to be anywhere near a decent movie Horror, Music or Comedy. Although I have to credit this to turn me into some bands that I would never have listened to otherwise. Such as Tsunami Bomb and the Phenomonauts (an insane Psychobilly band). I recommend you rent this movie, watch the first 10 or 20 minutes, if you like, watch the next 20 or 30 if you still like, so keep watching. If not, just go to the special features and watch all the music videos and live performances. They rock! Long live Punk Rock and the Horror!
