This overrated and short-lived series (two derisory seasons) is as experimental and unique as a truck driver going to a strip club. I'm not sure what they mean by "groundbreaking" and "original" when they flatter Lynch and his little fool. What exactly is your criterion of what is original? Of course, compared to the "Bill Cosby Show" or "Hill Street Blues" is original. Definitely. Alongside "Law & Order", TP conveys originality to the left and right. TP fans often say that the program was canceled because many viewers were not clever enough, open enough to the supposed "weirdness" of the program. "As a fan of strangeness, I have to correct this misconception.There is nothing much outside the wall about TP, it is a whodunit just observable, somewhat idiotic that goes around in circles, weaving webs in all the corners, but (or because of it), ultimately going nowhere. The supposed oddity is always forced, the characters do not behave strangely as much as they behave in a half-witted way. difference ... Whenever I watch the sequence of "strange dreams" in "Living In Oblivion", in which the dwarf criticizes the director (Buscemi) for succumbing to the old and tired we will use ... In the middle of a cliché of a dream scene, I think of Lynch. "Do you want it strange?" Eraserhead "is strange - in fact, it is more than odd, basically abstract. a cast of strange appearance? Lini and Leone offer this. TP looks like an overly ornate television crime drama in which all young people look like fashion models. The cast gives TP a plastic look. Kens & Barbies in bulk. <br /> <br /> In fact, one of the producers of TP said that Lynch was looking for "unique faces" for the series. Exclusive faces? Like Lara Flynn Boyle's? Sheryll Fenn's? Like those effeminate-looking hunks, straight from the male catalogs (or gay magazines)? Do not misunderstand me; there's nothing wrong with getting an attractive cast, especially with beauties like Fenn (the way Madonna would look if she was a thousand times prettier), but do not go out and say you're making a "weird show with strange people." " I never understood Lynch's misleading fascination with Kyle MacLachlan (I should get a medal for bothering to spell his name.) He's not nasty, but lacks charisma, looking a little bland and polite. of his character were not at all interesting, just one of Lynch's many attempts to force the weird, struggling to live up to his reputation - he having completely lost his advantage, but that time. "Elephant Man" was far inferior to that of his first two films.The following were the mediocre efforts that depended on Lynch's relatively small but fanatical fan base to keep him- in the eyes of the public, interpreting meanings in their misplaced stories that do not retain water in a more detailed examination. In other words, Lynch is the darling of every aspiring intellectual. <br /> <br /> So Laura Palmer was killed by her father ...? He was obsessed with the devil or some absurdity of that sort. That's the best this "big mind" could create ... You have B movie horror movies that end with more originality. <br /> <br /> Lynch is neither brilliant nor hardworking enough to create a fantastic story. <br /> <br /> Go to http://rateyourmusic.com/~Fedor8 and check out List "TV & Cinema: 150 Worst Cases of Nepotism".
