This film can be labeled as a case study. It is not only the fact of denoting an unhealthy, non-artistic desire for anything that may be termed a caco image. The author lives with the impression that his revolt against some generic and childish social ills ("Moldova is the poorest region in Europe", "I do not believe in bird flu", "Romanians steal because they are poor, Europeans steal because they are thieves ") are more or less close to a responsible moral and artistic attitude - but he is extremely off target! <br /> <br /> What Daneliuc does not know is that it is not enough to represent a just person - you also need a bit of professionalism, talent and intelligence to transpose that stance into an artistic product. Fatally, "The Foreign Legion" shows as much acumen as a family video with Uncle Gogu getting drunk in front of the guests. The script is chaotic and incoherent, randomly blending various subjects in an illiterate attempt to suggest some kind of story. The direction is pathetically amateurish - the so-called "director" is incapable of building at least a mediocre mise-en-scene, his shots are annoyingly awkward, and any sense of narrative shines through total absence. (Of course any comment is forced to stop at this level; it would be ridiculous to mention such concepts as "cinematic language," "means of expression," or "style.") The performance is positively "Cântarea României", with the exception of ... paradoxically, the goalkeeper Necula Raducanu, who is very natural, and Nicodim Ungureanu. Oana Piecnita seems to have a genuine freshness, but she is committed to the amateur directions given by Daneliuc. <br /> <br /> The most serious side of this offense to decent cinema is the fact that the production received a robust funding from the national budget via the CNC (National Cinematography Council). The fact that ancient ancient dinosaurs like Daneliuc are still thirsting for the government's udder is understandable (in a market-oriented economy, they would be immediately eliminated through natural selection). But the corruption of the so-called "jury," which wastes the country's money in works of non-art, non-cinema, and ridiculously scabrous non-culture, belongs to the field of crime.
