Rather than moving linearly from beginning to end, this plot of a gay couple affected by AIDS "orbits" in time around their "perfect day." The film is organized as a life remembered in asynchronous fragments, not in a sequential stream as one experienced directly. The narration has its lyrical moments, particularly in describing the impact of anticipated or lived loss. Unfortunately, dialogue does not have that grace. The script often compels actors to say surprisingly stupid or insensitive things that seem totally out of character at the moment. In their second accidental meeting, clearly injured with each other, Phillip encourages a reluctant face to tell him about his difficult week. But as Guy begins to open up, Phillip, an English major, lets out: "You're not a fairy of the crisis, are you?" Later, watching his lover's sculpted naked body walk across the room toward him, our young, passionate Shakespeare begins to express the beauty of the moment in words: "The way you cut the space ... I can not even describe it to you, but you do not have the verbal skills to complete your thinking. This kind of joke continues through the scenes of the AIDS Hospice, replete with phrases like "What made me think death would be pure and tied with ribbons?" and "You make Florence Nightingale look like Ratchet's nurse." <br /> <br /> The film usually suffers from a lack of subtlety. Unsurpassed characters are far more shocking and flattened than they need to be. Phillip's completely annoying friends - an arrogant trust fund brat and a sullen and needy lament - keep a caustic diatribe about everyone who crosses his path. Such a pattern could offer the writer a wealth of opportunities for intelligent social commentaries, but unfortunately, his remarks are merely unpleasant, bland, or shrewd. It is difficult to know if the writer intentionally created intellectually limited characters or whether he was simply executing his mooring perimeter. <br /> <br /> The plot may be what draws most and resonates with those who praise this film. It really explores American middle-class gay life in 1980: early encounters, courtship, union, the complexity of open relationships, friction and fracture, dissolution, physical abuse, rapprochement, forgiveness, terminal illness, death and survival. It takes Phelan and Spirtas to perform well by rendering complex characters over time. Its attractive good looks helps explain both the chemistry that kept these two together through insensitivity and selfishness as well as the chemistry that helped some viewers ignore the painful weaknesses of this film. The decision to cut the plot is much more complex and to present them in flashbacks out of sequence add complexity without any obvious dramatic utility and in several cases leave the sequence and therefore the implications of a given event are unclear. Could I recommend the movie? For sticklers of literary and technical quality, absolutely not! For the more tranquil viewers who are in serious need of a catharsis of AIDS survivors or who are in the mood to take a sip of guilty pleasure with a little eye candy, perhaps. But better writing alternatives exploring the impact of AIDS on the relationships of that time include: Philadelphia, And the band played, Long-time companion, Angels in America, An early frost, Farewell looks, Love! Value! Compassion! and even Jeffrey.
