Bamboo House of Dolls (1973, 1974 or 1977, several years are given for this title) is a Hong Kong veteran Chin Hung Kuei (Killer Snakes, Boxer Omen, Paying in Blood etc.) women in prison film produced by the legendary Shaw Brothers. Yes, even they put their hands on low-end patients like this, and Bamboo is definitely among the worst attempts of any genre, even when compared to the Western attempts that usually pale in comparison to the Eastern movies! <br /> <br /> The story is about a Japanese war camp in which Chinese women are brutalized, abused and raped by the bad Japanese (what else?) during World War II. The girls also know a secret place in which a box full of gold is hidden and they also learn that a Chinese military officer raised in Japan (Shaw's veteran, Lo Lieh) is currently an undercover agent among the Japanese and naturally helps the girls to escape hell. What follows are sequences full of free nudity, female kung fu, some nasty torture, gore, sleaze and extremely offensive anti-Japanese attitude that make this movie pure and honest rubbish that does not even try to be more than it is. <BR> <BR> There is hardly any interesting element in the Bamboo House of Dolls. Occasional photography, especially at the end, looks cool with its sunbeams and its beautiful nature, but that's all in the merit department. The fight scenes are plentiful and always include half-naked women pounding and kicking each other. Violence in general is quite unpleasant at times with various gunshot wounds, misogynistic torture scenes (for example, a poor girl is brutalized on the floor full of broken glass etc.) and extremely repulsive and moral end up behind her. Of course it's stupid to talk about "morality" when writing about this type of film, but there are still elements that I do not accept to be found in any movie. <br /> <br /> The movie also has some pleasures. turkey elements for sure! For example, the gold box, filled with heavy gold, seems suspiciously light, since the weak and suffering girls do not seem to have trouble lifting them and moving them, not to mention throwing them! Also those numerous "skin fight scenes" make it quite smile induce for the fans of the trash cinema. I've seen the same director Killer Snakes (1973), which is ten times more noteworthy as a play and despite having many live dead snakes, is also visually more interesting and shows us some nasty sides on the other side of the world. great city and society. Also, it is a must for those who fear snakes. <br /> <br /> Bamboo Doll House has also suffered a bit of censorship, which is not a surprise considered the subject. The uncut version, released in Europe, at least in France, Italy and Switzerland, has 104 minutes of PAL, while the English version edited in the Netherlands, Belgium and Greece has only 84 minutes in PAL. From what I've heard, the scenes are not just violence or other graphic things, but also dialogue and "plot development" and the like. <br /> <br /> The Bamboo House of Dolls is a trash movie in its most ordinary form. and definitely something I would not want to see from the Shaw Brothers or Hong Kong in general. Some of the Italian films on the same subject are much more interesting and noteworthy than this rather ridiculous, calculated, and worthless film exploration. 2/10
