I firmly believe that the best Oscar ceremony in recent years was in 2003 for two reasons: 1) Presenter Steve Martin was more shocked: "I saw the players helping Michael Moore in the trunk of his limo "and" It's better not to mention the gay mafia in case I wake up with the head of a poodle in my bed "2) Surprise winners: no one had Adrien Brody as best actor (Genuine applause) or Roman Polanski for the best director, but they won. <br /> <br /> Last year's award ceremony was not so bad, but there were few surprises and I was happy to see the RETURN OF THE KING swept the awards even if it was not the best of the trilogy (FELLOWSHIP was much better), but what made BBC coverage down was Jonathan Ross getting some of his fellow sycophants and pretending they were hilarious when they were anything. more. So when I heard that Sky was making coverage for British TV, I expected Barry Norman and Mark Kermode to be making the links, but instead we ended up with Jamie Theakston and Sharon Osbourne! Oh, if British TV is desperate for film critics (Obviously they are), I'm sure Bob The Moo and Theo Robertson will be happy in Los Angeles to give their honest opinions about the winners and losers. Chris Rock was not too bad, but he is not Steve Martin, while the venue seemed to resemble a sports hall with seating placed! Not a lot of flashy arena in my opinion. The main problem I had with the ceremony was the format with the "minor" Oscar handed to the winners who were sitting in their seats! There is no such thing as a "minor" Oscar and just because the award is for Best Animated Short or Best Costume Design, they are also deserved for Best Picture or Best Director. All winners must be on the podium. What a bunch of arrogant snobs the Academy is becoming and I agree with the comments that this format is shameful and if it were not for the surprises it could have been the worst ceremony in history. As for the awards themselves. Best Supporting Actress - Cate Blanchett. No big surprise for a competitive category. Best Supporting Actor - Morgan Freeman. No real complaints since Freeman is one of the biggest live actors in the United States. <br /> <br /> Best Actor - Jamie Foxx. Most predictable prize of the night. Yawn <br /> <br /> Best Actress - Hilary Swank. Big surprise, since everyone thought that Annette Benning would simply win in the gym, but Swank deserved and gave the best speech of the night. <br /> <br /> Best Director - Clint Eastwood. Big surprise, since everyone thought that Scorsese would receive the prize simply because he would never win one. Actually, I'm happy with that, because if he did not deserve this for TAXI DRIVER, RAGING BULL or GOODFELLAS, he did not deserve this for THE AVIATOR Best Movie - MILLION BABY DOLLAR. Once again, a big surprise, as everyone thought the academy would share the awards for best director and best film, while I thought that THE AVIATOR's friendly plot in Hollywood would be a perfect one for Best Picture while the controversial subject of the MDB would have changed a lot. What these awards might illustrate is that this year voters have decided to ignore Oscar politics and genuinely distribute prizes to people who deserve something they have not done in the past, I mean BEAUTIFUL MIND beating the fellowship of the ring for the love of God! And for a long time the academy can vote with the head instead of with the heart.
