I am not generally given to hyperbole, but after seeing more than two decades of the Oscar, I can honestly say that this year's award was the most shameful example of misdirection, total cruelty and sheer stupidity I have ever had the misfortune to witness. I'm not talking about the awards themselves - as usual, there's a lot to discuss when you tell who won, who lost, and who was never nominated, but the process is as it always was and is just as fair as it can be. What is terribly unfair is the treatment of both "stars" and "non-stars" received at the hands of Cates and Horvitz, in the name of "reducing boredom." <br /> <br /> It's bad enough for. In recent years, anyone who is not Al Pacino was "thrown out" at 45 seconds without any regard for what he was saying, as he was saying, and what was the emotion behind the statement. This demonstrates nothing more than a total lack of respect, however, of flock appointed onstage as cattle, without paying them the honor of showing their faces while their names are read, to make them escape silently when they lose, to deny them the thrill of walking up to the podium and force them to read their statements away from the audience. All these things were made for the "non-stars" - do not worry that the films would not exist without these artists and that most of them only have a chance to face their peers and their audience. <br /> <br /> The stars did not do much better. It's getting sadder than funny when the winners of the caliber of Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood have to beg for a few more seconds for their speeches. Chris Rock, as host, was not as inflamed and controversial as the Academy expected, nor as funny as it could be. His initial remarks were almost (but not entirely) as offensive as Sean Penn made them look, and his comments during the show were more harmless than interesting. Of course, he could hardly be blamed when it became clear that he was being kept as short as any host. In the end, Chris Rock was something he was almost never before: a non-entity. <br /> <br /> Even the musical numbers were mismanaged. Beyonce sang well, but there was simply no reason for her to appear on three of the five songs. Another example of total disrespect for an artist was giving Jorge Drexler's nominated song to Antonio Banderas - even though Drexler was present and clearly would not mind singing his own song, based on his winning "speech." <br /> <br /> Cates and Horvitz's efforts to make the show shorter and faster may have worked to some extent, but what turned out to be a life-less show. We all lament about the long speeches given by people we do not know, about overproduction, about self-congratulatory quality. But this is your night, not ours. What must be a celebration has become an insult to the people being celebrated. Cates and Horvitz should, frankly, be ashamed.
