John Hughes wrote many great comedies in the 1980s. "European Vacations" is not one of them. The sequel to Hughes' first big hit, "Vacation" (1983), is almost as predictable, bland and annoying as it comes - no matter how much you love the stupid but romantic Clark and Ellen Griswold (Chase and D'Angelo I liked it much of Vacation, as well as the third film, "Christmas Vacation," 1989, but Griswold's trip to Europe is mild and forced.Maybe because this was Hughes' first attempt in a sequence he did not understand, but there is no story: the Griswolds win a game show as "greedy little pigs" and tour Europe through England, France, Germany and Italy. even the wacky physical humor that is the trademark of the first loses all effect because you see him coming in, which is part of the guilt of director Amy Heckerling. "The director of" Fast Times at Ridgemont High " visible. <br /> <br /> Maybe it was Hughes taking a cheap shot because he was put in the sequel. "European Vacation" takes great pride in insulting Americans (remember the greedy pig-hunting program they earn), especially the tourists, represented by the Griswold family. He also patted himself on the back implicitly saying "oh we Griswolds, we're always getting into something because our dad is an idiot." So, in an almost comical way, it ends with a homage to America and how the Griswolds are grateful to return to such a better country. If Hughes was going to satire and meant to do it in the form of a bad movie, well, maybe I should reward the 8/10 stars. <br /> <br /> It's not just the imbalance, but "European Vacation" the two worst actors to play children Rusty and Audrey (Jason Lively and Dana Hill). Both are annoying and unpleasant, with Audrey unattractive and noisy whining about the boyfriend who left behind almost the entire movie. Hughes goes so far as to have his comment about missing her when she watches a giant bratwurst. Very good taste. Speaking of which, breasts are shown in two different scenes for no good reason (unless it's to comment on Americans' love for free nipples in their comedies). <br /> <br /> I'll give the movie one of its two stars. thanks to Eric Idle from the Monty Python team, whose participation in some of the film's different spots, where he recites lines directly from the Holy Grail, is about the funniest part. If Hughes intended us to find one of the only non-American actors in the movie as the only funny part, then another tip of the hat for him for ripping the bottom of the Hollywood comedy in the 80s. Still, it would be painful for him to do that at the same fun time?
