I'm a big fan of Pacino movies. He is one of the actors, if not the best, of that genre. However, this movie could have been much better, despite having a poor cast. All they had to do was tell the story of Carlito Brigante until he was arrested. Instead, it seemed like this was just one of the many stories that could be told about Carlito. All or even some of the questions about your past that we asked ourselves in the original might have been answered. As far as I'm concerned, this is the only way you can do this movie. Instead, we have this prequel that has almost NONE of the original characters, a character who plays a different part of the original (horrible move), and a totally different love interest for Carlito. Do not even get me started on Puffy. No way I can take this cat seriously as a gangsta after seeing him dance in all his artist videos. Whenever that guy opened his mouth, I was waiting for him to start dancing. He made me laugh at something. Mario Van Peeples surprised me with his role. I thought he was going to give a lackluster performance because of his recent history. He did very well. He was probably the most "believable" of the whole cast in my opinion. Jay Hernandez did his best but did not have the skills now in his career to take on this role. I appreciated your energy and your efforts though. Hard to follow Pacino. The only way for you to get a clue about the kind of person Carlito was is to observe the original. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a cold-blooded killer in one scene, then a faint coward in another. He was one of the meanest gangstas of his time, but you'd only see flashes of it in this movie. Maybe this is a lamentable way for Hollywood to try to make a 2nd prequel to make money from that failure. Would not surprise me. <br /> <br /> Overall, in my opinion, this movie fell far short of what was expected or what might have been. The only reason I gave it a 3 was because I laughed a lot and Mario Van Peeples gained some respect with me. A serious director should have made this film and really put a time in the story and turn it into a real prequel. I am extremely disappointed that this film was not taken seriously. They would have been better off doing this in a mini-series on HBO and actually telling the story as the original suggests. At the end of the film, they had the courage to suggest that Carlito would have to return to the city. HEEELLLLO .... this is the part that everyone wants to see !!! So again, this is all just my opinion. I can not tell you how to waste your money.
