Where can I start? I heard that this movie was coming out and I was very angry. I'm a big fan of the original Carlito's Way and when I heard about it, I thought it would be like almost every other string coming out in Hollywood. I thought it would be bad. Boy, was I wrong, this movie was a lot worse than I expected. I'm not saying that all the sequences are bad, but that's the Hollywood problem these days, they make lots of sequels and remakes and they speed them up. This was not a theatrical release, it's a DVD release. Still, in my opinion, there was no reason for it to be done. After I heard the movie was in progress, I later heard that Pacino was not in it. This immediately killed any chance that this movie had to be good. Why did I check this movie, so some of you might ask? Well, I had the opportunity to see, so I did. I do not only watch movies that I have high expectations, I had low expectations about this, obviously. I just wanted to see if there was anything relevant to that. Now if any of you reading this is a fan of Carlito's Way, you know that much of the story at first has to do with him going to jail. <br /> <br /> * SPOILER VERY LITTLE * I will not ruin anything, because this can really make you not want to waste 2 hours watching this crap. All I'm going to say is that at the end of Carlito's Way 2, we do not see Carlito go to jail. Now, I do not know about any of you, but I would have thought that a prequel to Carlitos Way would show how he ended up in jail. I even had some interest in actually seeing what happened. <br /> <br /> Now, that's not my only problem with the movie. The actor who played Carlito did not do a very bad job, but he could not have saved that movie if he tried. There's not even all those little things that should be played there that Carlito Way fans would like. You do not see any appearance of Kleinfeld or other key characters in the first, I'd like to see something like that. What's even worse, is that Luis Guzman is in this movie, but he does not play the same character he plays in the first film. Big mistake on their part, why choose the same actor for a different character, it made the movie worse than it already was. <br /> <br /> In short, I'm a fan of Carlito's Way, this new direct release for the DVD is a disgrace. If you are a fan, do not watch this movie with high expectations. This movie did basically nothing to me, and it's definitely a movie that I will not be taking on DVD, or watching ever again.
