Well, I only gave 95 minutes and 47 seconds so that I would never go back to this garbage. I heard someone online describe the villains in this movie as "subhuman cannibals", and I thought it was promising because I thought it would be like the descent. WRONG! The Descent was a psychological thriller with dynamic characters and a strong plot. These villains are totally unrealistic and no part of their performance is enjoyable to watch. This movie is not so controversial, I've seen this blood level in many movies. This movie sucks. SYNOPSIS: A blonde who thinks she's really hot (but is not), her admirer and friend of her admirer (no, I can not remember their names) enter the forest. Their car breaks down. They are warned to leave by a man named Mark. The blonde is irrationally hysterical and the next morning she can not find the friend of the admirer. Admirer impales his foot (shouts!). Do not worry, it gets a lot more upset when the car does not turn on than when it gets impaled by the nails. After a nanosecond of persuasion, the blonde leaves seek help. Events happen that I can not remember. During this and throughout the film, we are shown grotesque torture scenes without substance, including one that made me choke. Blonde will save the admirer of the house of cannibals (even if they are all seen eating bowels, which would logically be the last choice for real cannibals to eat, since they contain real food). Blonde finds injured admirer and works very hard (unsuccessfully) to work up to tears. Then you have a good laugh when the blonde is at home and announces that she can "think about them". Mark (the man who warned them to leave) has a remarkable change of character when he reveals that the cannibals are his family. So there's some footage, they leave the house, the shooting continues, so a random guy appears and says he's watching them. Before he is shot, we are shown a scene inspired by acid trips, with more deaths. The blonde or her admirer shoots him because he has not helped them. There is more killing, the admirer professes his love for the blonde. Then a mysterious hand covers the camera. What does that entail? I do not know, I hope it's not a sequel.
