Long ago, the X-File was a smart and thought-provoking program. A large part of his appeal was that writers looked at folklore and science for their ideas, linking the plot to the scary side of real life. <br /> <br /> I was incredibly wary of Season 8 when it was aired. The show had already provided two perfectly good episodes to cast ("One Son" and "Requiem"), and Season 7 had a marked increase in episodes that scraped the barrel for ideas that were unlikely, implausible, or downright silly. But I figured, hey, give the benefit of a doubt, maybe they're bringing it back because they have some great ideas aligned. <br /> <br /> "Roadrunners" really was disturbing. Following "Patience," which at least offered an interesting angle on the vampire folklore the show did well to avoid, the episode sees a strange parasite (alien) slug with the power of mind control worshiped by a cult of Christians from the hinterland . Oh, and they think it's the second coming of Christ, but you only find that out in the last minutes. Seriously. There is never * any * attempt to make sense of it, explaining what the slug is, why anything that is happening is happening, or anything. Even in the early years of the show - in fact, * especially * then - you could wait a little deeper, a little background, or otherwise the opposite - a little mystery, some uncertainty about what it was all about. <br /> <br /> It's Scully that really kills this. You could tolerate the foolishness of the premise, but having a character that was developed over good 7 years as a rational skeptic turned into a naive dissenter purely for the advancement of the plot is bizarre to watch. You feel like you're watching some teenage horror except you're a woman in her thirties playing in the creepy, isolated kind of community who spent the better part of a decade discovering the sinister side of being being fooled by a lot of stereotypical countryfolk or totally indifferent to their own safety. Oh, and by the way, Doggett, the new Mudler, is not around. Scully has just entered the desert to investigate a brutal murder alone without him. He appears at the end to save the day - I can not even remember why - but other than that, he's not really involved. Again: seriously. In short, it looks like a generic script written for another show, or the design of a pet film from someone they were allowed to thread like a mutant leech into the backbone of an existing one. , long-running show at the time he was most vulnerable. It may have worked in a smaller show where the characters are more archetypal and the audience expects less. But the X-Files had a good thing, and Scully was one of the strongest and most idiosyncratic TV characters of the '90s. Deciding you're going to change your personality because of a story they must have done on Star Trek, a good fifty Sometimes it's useless.
