If you've been harassed underground by a Christian who says, "Jesus is the answer, what's the question?", So maybe you should thank God if you've never met a Lacanian. Slavoj Zizek, the most evangelical of the Lacanians, would certainly trade the word "Jesus" in that statement by "Lacan / Hegel." <br /> <br /> The star of Zizek shines brightly at the moment, no doubt because we usually see movies and pop culture purely as entertainment for our consumption. So it looks impressive when someone - somebody - comes up and says, "Wait, the movies can say something about ourselves." <br /> <br /> The ideas exposed by Zizek in this movie are "true" simply because he says so. . For example, Zizek explains that three Marx Bros are ego, superego and id (God knows what happened to Zeppo, or Gummo? Maybe they are the sinthome ... or are they the movies themselves?). This is simply what they are. In Zizek's production, culture is not there to be investigated, but merely to be considered an example of its ideology. People may object that he certainly has something to say - but how different is it from the Christian attributing everything to the will of God? <br /> <br /> What is wrong with giving examples, movies or anywhere, to illustrate theory? Well, nothing at all. As Zizek seems to believe, they may even serve as evidence. However, it is merely cant and propaganda when these examples are isolated from their context. Without context, you can say and prove what you want. For Zizek, is Lacan the answer? so he goes and makes an example of that. Everything, except everything, resembles the teachings of the Master and culture exists to account for this, to serve this ideology. For example, Zizek's example of the voyeur's fantasy position is taken from a scene in Vertigo when Jimmy Stewart spies Kim Novak in a flower shop. But in the context of the film, this is not the fantasy position of a voyeur. Stewart was deliberately led by Novak. This presentation of isolated examples of its context continues through Zizek's two-and-a-half-hour film sermon. <br /> <br /> Your analysis of the scene "baby wants to f ---" in Blue Velvet is laughable. Slightly touching on what he seems to consider the horrible truth (for the masculine) of "female enjoyment," Zizek says that Isabella Rossilini's character not only demands its degradation, but is unconsciously responsible for the situation. This is an example of your "joy." Well ... possibly. But - sorry to be prosaic - where's the evidence? In the film, she partially suffers her humiliation because Hopper kidnapped her son. Zizek may object that she also evidently enjoys violent sex with Kyle MacLachalan. But this can be due to several things. Is not this the point of so-called female "enjoyment"? According to Lacan, feminine enjoyment, unlike phallic jouissance, can not be articulated, is beyond phallic capturing and the castration of language. If this is right, then no example can be made of it. This also means that the whole concept is non-sensory and entirely mystical. It can only be designated by dogmatists as Zizek: "There is feminine enjoyment for you! <br /> <br /> What example really can be extracted from these films? Only the psychology of Zizek. Why does he keep inserting himself in his favorite movies, to the point that when on a boat in Botega Bay, he says he wants f-Rod Steiger too? Is not that the satisfaction of someone who spends his life criticizing movies? As the saying goes, Freud would have a field day with The Pervert's Guide to Cinema - but with Zizek himself, no one else. <br /> <br /> Zizek's theory that films show us how we wish may be right in the face but these films can not be strict universal examples of psychoanalytic laws. This film illustrates how Zizek wishes and only extremely vaguely - as being almost useless - as the rest of us want. For, as any psychoanalyst knows, what we desire and what we desire can not be completely separated - and can not be easily universalized, if it is. Zizek's love of making everything an example of Lacan's Answer holds this: how do we wish? well, that's how I do it. The problem is that, according to Zizek's desire, everything and everyone else is rationalized in his desire. But Zizek is a Leninist and they certainly do not like to let the "subject" speak for itself. The Pervert's Guide to Cinema is a sum of Zizek's dogmatic love and is totally anti-philosophical even if it remains too political (what dogma is it?). Zizek never questioned exactly what his motives would be in embarking on an analysis, which he is trying to discover, because the terms of his exploration and therefore his ethics in doing so are never questioned. <br /> Zizek is extremely prolific, but all his books and this movie say the same thing. He is a kind of Henry Ford of cultural theory: mass production and any color, as long as it is black. He is perfect for today's highly consumerist society: supposedly critical, while giving people the same c-ap over and over and pretending it's something different. This is popular because people largely prefer ready answers to their problems - which capitalism always claims to provide - rather than investigating things with any serious consideration. Which is like being brain dead. For me, the third Zizek Matrix pill is a suicide capsule. <br /> <br /> PS: I loved Zizek's solemn remark - presented as a revelation about cinema and humanity - that music in movies can greatly affect people's sympathy. Did this just happen to Zizek after he saw Jaws?
