This film is an ultra-light down, predictable from start to finish. As a Don Knotts vehicle, "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" was much better, with the character of Knott not so incompetent or ignorant. His performance there was tempered, with none of his eyes wide-eyed, though that might have something to do with him being replaced for most of the movie by a cartoon fish. Knotts was playing the nice asshole as much as Bob Denver. Neither of them seemed to be able to move on to other types of roles, assuming they were simply typified. It was probably because of the sloppiness, the wild gaze and the sharp voice. John Ritter, with whom Knotts worked on "Company of Three," was able to transcend his genre, branching successfully into such dramatic roles as "The Ozone Dreamer," but the closest Knotts achieved was a small role in " Pleasantville ". Even Leslie Nielsen was a bad fit here, uncomfortably neither direct dramatic actor as he was at the time nor comic actor as he later became in "Airplane!" and "Police Squad". <br /> <br /> There is also no way the Knotts, 43, pass by a 35-year-old man, as his character insisted he was. It was as ridiculously unbelievable as Tom Hanks at age 38, playing Forrest Gump at the time of college. <br /> <br /> The film was clearly done on a tight budget, looking like a TV episode filmed in a hurry. It is especially evident in the "outer" scenes of the "city" where Roy goes after being fired. It's unlikely even a preschooler will be fooled by the artificiality of Mayberry's sound studio. <br /> <br /> Even seeing this strictly as a children's film, it is very disappointing. It is not because there is a lack of special effects or effects, although this occurs. The pace is very slow, repetitive situations. How many times can you watch Roy get on a bus? A comedy for children should at least sometimes be crazy, with risky jokes, otherwise you run the risk of annoying them (and of any adults in the theater as well). Films, even children's films, have improved greatly in the following decades. Even many contemporary comedies were best filmed and written. Disney's "The Love Bug", for example, had at least some interesting racing action.
