I think it's all my fault for the gigantic disillusionment that is "Guts of a Virgin." You already know that you should not expect a cinematic masterpiece when you see a juicy and proudly promoted title like this, and the first impression only gets more confirmed when you realize that the film is a production of the 80's of Japan. Now, there are many filmmakers demented and sickly active in Japan, but Kazuo Komizu overcomes them all with his completely depraved and unhealthy trilogy, which revolves around aggressive sex and the sadistic abuse of girls. Not even trying to tell a story, "Entrails of a Virgin" simply features a mishmash of semi-pornographic sex that awakens the UN and truly appalling effects that would not even please the fanciest fan of the extravagant horror of the 1980s. photographers and their fashion models are inexplicably interspersed with scenes of a filthy pervert having rude sex with a seemingly young girl. He leaves her not a minute after the climax (typical) and she begs him to stay, even if she has to share it with other women. I dont understand. Should this be a general male fantasy? Because it's really clichéd and wrong. Anyway, we came back to the group of excited photographers and docile models. Surprised by the approaching fog on the way home, the group entrenched themselves in an abandoned farmhouse, where they have more terrible sex and end up being the victims of a ridiculous sexual demon that kills them all. The acting performances are amateur, the dialogues are empty and primitive and Komizu's direction is weak and uninspired. I can tolerate all this, including the unfriendly portrait of sex done by women, but I got close to turning off the movie during the indescribably petty wrestling sequence. One of the males beats brutally, kicks and throws around one of the girls and calls her a filthy prostitute until she literally pees in her panties and cries of agony. This sequence is, in my humble opinion, the absolute bass point of the Asian cinema of exploration. One to avoid and maybe even boycott.
