Maybe it was the title, or the trailer (certainly not the interview on the DVD, which is with the director while he keeps saying "hi, kids" to the camera like a clown), but I had expectations of Entrails of a Virgin to be by less a bit sloppy fun with some good sex scenes and brutal and bloody murders by a strange Japanese penetrator. It turns out to be very vulgar for your own good, or bad, or whatever. There is a problem - and one can see this also in the Italian film of sexploitation Porno Holocaust, similar to this in many ways - in having no balance with sex and violence. Too much sex and it will turn into a prototypical porn, and not even with a lot of production quality compared to most professional porn movies! And with the murder scenes, there has to be at least a bit of tactics, and maybe just a little ingenuity, in the creation of the creature / killer / whatever. The entrails of a virgin have neither. It is safe to say that it is a movie without a soul, even if it is not one of the worst that ever existed - it is only for Japanese fetishists to undress in troubled girls and men who have all their brains on their other heads. <br /> <br /> In this case, we are given a photo team where the guys are taking some pictures of some girls, nothing very lascivious, and then, through a dense fog, they stay somewhere home one night and are picked up one by one by "A Murderer" as he is credited. Firstly, director Kazuo 'Gaira' Komizu decides that he has to put a quota of random sex scenes in the beginning - we get in (or call, we choose) clips from one of the photographers having sex with one or more of the girls in another place. Looks like it's from another movie. So once installed in the house, there is a 'fight' scene that is poorly choreographed and filmed (yes, we really need to see it 'all over' there), and then to rape and murder. First the rape, by the photographers, who promise the girls some jobs for their time. So the Assassin, who like D'Amato's creature, is simply covered in mud and given stupid treatment, and that for an unknown reason kills the men and / or rapes the women one by one. <br /> <br /> Now the latter, taken by themselves, should be considered the highlights of the film. This is like saying, however, that croutons are the best part of an unhappy tasting salad. An eye-popping scene, a peak thrown like an Olympic event (that scene is actually pretty cool), and finally the entrance of the overly crazy girl for sex whose irrelevant name I can not remember. Even * this * becomes disappointing just by not being correct with the title! In addition, the sex scenes, which become tedious through 'Gaira' and their indulgence in long uncut cuts where everything by the Japanese censors is blurred anyway, are nicknamed by the actors (you would think they seem to be enjoying the enough, hence the need to let them 'speak' for themselves). But the general feeling of Entrails of a Virgin is that of a lumpy one, where he is there just to be dumbfounded and without a hint of suspense or true horror (see how the last girl left alive, the virgin in the photo, tries to stop the murderer to get to her, which lasts five minutes while she keeps throwing sticks at him!) You just want this to be done, for the mantra 'I hate women' to ease or get rid of completely.
