Satan's Little Helper is one of the best horror movies I've seen. When I say the best, I mean the story. The film launches a new plot, something that is not so cliché in the genre Horror - something new. But there are also some ridiculous questions that come along with that. Questions that you will be wondering about throughout the movie. <br /> <br /> The movie first caught my eye while I was crossing the Horror section in HMV. I was tired of all the so-called Hollywood blockbusters "terrifiying" and wanted something different. The cover of Satan's Little Helper immediately caught my eye. As you can see, the image attracts you - it's creepy! I knew it was a direct release for the DVD - but I had a chance. I mean, I just saw "Boogey Man" the night before - so it could not get any worse! After watching the movie, I was half-satisfied. I loved the plot of the movie. It was really scary how the killer was pretending to be the boys friend so he could kill. Somehow crazed, he really thought he and the little boy would be partners-a duo of terror. It was a great idea to set the movie on Halloween night. That way no one would think of anything like a masked man next to a child. They would simply think he was their guardian. But it is also here that the "plot holes" begin to emerge. <br /> <br /> If your child came home with a "friend", he found trick or trick - alright. You would not think of any of that - if he was 9, or the same age as him. If, however, he appeared with a strange man in a mask, you would be scared and protective of your child. You would ask the man to remove his mask and identify himself. You would ask why he is with your child. He does not know you. You'd tell him to please leave. He is not family friend. He's a stranger. Now we must teach our son not to talk to strangers. In this case, the mother is completely okay with it. There is? They never seem to think it is a little strange that the "man" does not speak - no way. Gruanted they think it's their daughter's boyfriend, but after 10 minutes without speaking you'd take off the mask and ask why he is not saying a word. <br /> <br /> The movie goes down the hill from there. The thing that got me the most was, everything the mother said was, "Do you want some cider?" I can not count how many times she says that in the movie. It's like, oh you're dying - we have cider, all right !! The film began promising, and failed to deliver. It was more of a horror / comedy, and even how it can not deliver. I think you could call it "Dud", "Flop", etc. The best thing about the movie is the cover art. But something tells me it's not worth the $ 12!
