I'll say first that I gave this movie a 3 out of 10 after a bit of thinking. I was going to take a straight 1, but he has some extra points for counting the body. But that would be about it. Let me explain. I paid literally £ 1 for this DVD in a supermarket because I usually have a lot of faith in bargain horror movies, B movies especially. But if this movie was pointing to status B, as I suspect was for a number of reasons (which I'll touch in a second), then it failed magnificently. Not only did he shoot for B as he missed, but fell around F. This movie had so many chances to be good and virtually failed at all accounts. I say above that it is likely that this movie aims at status B and seems to try to achieve this by trying to mix humor with horror, which can be very good or very bad. For example, later Freddy's films (Dream Warriors onwards) are about Freddy's style and nose-thumb, which works great! But this movie was completely bombarded in that regard, because the times when they tried to inject humor were mostly just stupid. I admit that at the beginning of the movie the mood was good. In fact, for about half an hour I liked this movie and was prepared to congratulate myself on another good find. But what really killed this movie for me were the inappropriate deaths. For example, when 'Satan' crushes the cat against the board and writes 'boo' with his blood using his body like a brush. Or when 'Satan' knocks on the door for the helpless and helpless elderly woman. Now I'm usually not much against pointless killings in movies - hey, that's the point, right? But in those two cases I found this extremely offensive and unnecessary for anything in the movie plot, especially. For me, the movie went down from then on. One big negative point about this movie is that I hated every character in it. The kid, Dougie, was ridiculously annoying !!! I'm at a loss to explain how he could end up with all those bodies and people being killed before his eyes as a trick! I mean, let's go !!! I completely understand that to be in a horror movie a character has to be a bit stupid, like running upstairs when you should be running out of the house screaming for help, but this kid got the cookie! I wanted to kill him to the end! It was completely unbelievable and if I had to hear him say 'duh!' once again I was going to bang my head against the wall, because that's how I watched this movie. Why did not I turn the movie off? Mainly because I sincerely believe that an ending can sometimes rescue a movie. But I was wrong in this case. The ending did not rescue this movie, further irritated the hell out of me and was unsuitable for the plot. I understood! The killer will always come back dressed as someone else, will be greeted at home by the stupid boy and will kill him again because no one suspects him in this costume! GOT IT! This movie pissed me off physically because it was so stupid! And if for some mistake you end up watching this movie, stay tuned to the intestines. Frankly, if that guy really had guts that looked like that, I'd be surprised he was not dead, much less until someone ripped them and tied them up in a chair. <br /> <br /> In fact I'll even say that the only character I liked in this movie was the killer. Purely because when his "comedy routine" ran, it worked. All in all, the plot of this movie has dragged everything that could have been good down. Why was the killer killing? I do not know. I can live without knowing who he really was, this is quite typical, but without some kind of motive - hell I do not know, I would settle for him having a bad Halloween as a kid! - It seems more than meaningless, just stupid. Stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid. In fact, I hated this movie so much that I recorded specifically on IMDb just to comment. Save your money, save your sanity. Stay away from that!
