This is a horror movie "anthology". It is composed of 4 short stories taken from the fiction of Robert Bloch (who wrote to Weird Tales and was a personal friend of H.P. Lovecraft, but is most famous for the original story "Psycho"). The quality of the stories is very uneven and I did not think much about the movie being scary or horrible. It would have been better to do it as a comedy like "Comedy of Terrors." Only the last of the four stories was actually made in a humorous way, and is probably the best of them (the one with Ingrid Pitt). I saw some of these Amicus anthology films and the only one that really paid off my time was Freddie Francis's "Tales from the Crypt." The anthological style works well for producers because it means they can hire a group of "big name" actors, employ them for only a week of filming or something, and then bring the next big name. So, you essentially pay for 6 weeks of movie star salary, but you get 5 or 6 different names in the marquee. But this is very unfortunate for the public because the audience would like to see some scenes with Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt actually acting together. Instead, they are stuck on these stickers alone. So let's take them one at a time, briefly. <br /> <br /> The first story has Denholm Elliot, who does a really admirable job of trying to bring some dignity to his silly role as a writer terrified by his own character. . Unfortunately, the actor who plays Dominic, the source of the terror, Tom Adams, seems silly, which spoils any possible horror. There are some hilarious things if you want to laugh about it, like the scene where Dominic kills Elliot's psychiatrist. It's the patented scene where the killer creeps behind the victim, but no one is watching, so the whole audience should shout "LOOK BACK!" The second story is that of Peter Cushing. God, I love this man so much. Too bad that many of his films, like this one, are very bad. In the story, he is supposedly looking forward to a long lost love, and he sees his likeness in a wax museum. It's a completely predictable story that goes nowhere. <br /> <br /> So you have the part with Christopher Lee, where he plays the father of a child who turns out to be a witch. Again, this could have been fun if it had been played by laughter. But instead, we should be horrified when Lee hits the child and is surprised when she ends up being bad. The actress, Chloe Franks, was very good at this role of "Bad Seed". <br /> <br /> The last story is fun ... Ingrid Pitt plays an actress and Jon Pertwee plays an actor who accidentally buys a vampire cloak that turns him into a true vampire. That's all history has to offer. I was surprised at how bad Ingrid Pitt is English, I think she must have been nicknamed in some of the other movies I saw in. <br /> <br /> It's not a very memorable movie or one that I would recommend to anyone other than completeness terrorists.
