The plot of the movie is pat and quaint. Two women travel through the Middle East and discover themselves. Unfortunately, if you're looking for a movie about the Middle East and Central Asia, this is absolutely terrible. <br /> <br /> The producers of the film did not do any research or were incredibly lazy when filming. To begin with, and most blatantly incorrect, the Nuristanis, as they were known in the 1930s and indeed since the 1890s, and their vigorous conversion by Abdul-Rahman Shah of Aghnaistan, were not nomads. In fact, they have not been nomadic since the Aryan invasions of central Asia, more than three millennia ago. <br /> <br /> Second, the city that is filmed as Tehran is not Tehran, which is understandable, however, the geography of the area. around the city could not be more impressive DIFFERENT than the city of Tehran which is surrounded on all sides by a large chain of mountains which dominates all the views of the city. <br /> <br /> Third, Persian, despite the fact is spoken in Iran and Afghanistan, is never heard in the movies. When there are native speakers who do not speak German, they speak Arabic. The 'Persian' guards on the border, in fact, say to each other 'Ma hadha rujal' (This is not a man) and not 'in marnd nist' as it would be in Persian. In addition, the love song between the Indian princess and one of the main characters is obviously in Spanish. While talking in the garden, one of the main characters says that the Quran uses the words "Ferdos" and "jehaan" and makes some reference to later drugs. These words certainly never appear in the Qur'an, for they are Persian to Paradise (indeed Ferdos and Paradise are very distant cognates between our languages) and "World" respectively, although Jehaan is admittedly close to "Jehennan", which is hell in Arabic . When they meet the nomads in the desert, the spoken language is also Arabic, despite the fact that there are no native Arabic speakers in Iran and Afghanistan and their use is mainly religious, with some use in education at that time. When they are stopped in Iran before reaching the Afghan border, the people they meet are totally different from any Iranian group. Their tents are typically Bedouin with rugs that decorate the walls and a high profile. In Iran, it is also extremely unusual for people to use Turbanes unless they are clergymen. The spoken language is clearly Arabic from the initial greeting of 'Ahlan wa Sahlan'. When they arrive in Kabul, the desert in which they are found is sandy, totally different from the dirtiness of the rocks found in the arid parts of the Hindu Kush mountain range. There is an absence of the light green shrub that covers the soil in summer and spring. The area is also not totally consumed by the extreme mountains of the mountain range that got its name, The Indian Killers, because of its difficult and limiting soil. <br /> <br /> In short, the plot is the only thing in this movie that contains any water and is still weak and common place. It lacks any real draw, being only the tale of two women trying to learn about themselves as they arrive in Nuristan, however even though it is still born and no real development is felt, leaving the characters in the end just where they were in the and nothing changed, except that World War II broke loose. In short, this is a very bad movie that I would have rated in a star except for the good scenes of Bedouins and the deserts of the Levant, even if they are poorly named.
