The basic premise of "Miami Golem" definitely deserves a place at the top, say, fifty of the most demented filmmakers ever scripted! I know the top 50 does not look too impressive, but I've seen a lot of really weird movies with lunatic plans. I was prepared from something complicated because the film was directed and co-written by Alberto De Martino, who was one of the most ambitious and creative but sadly underestimated filmmakers in Italy. De Martino steals several successful blockbusters ideas, as most Italian directors did at the time, but he always adds a lot of things to make it even more complex, confusing and overwhelming. Not all De Martino films are worth it, but some of them are extremely underrated, such as "A Special Magnum for Tony Saitta," "Holocaust 2000," and "Formula for a Murder." Does the concept of "Miami Golem" contain elements of several major science fiction and adventure films (such as "Alien", "Starman", "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", "ET"?), But I do not exactly call it of theft. The only thing that is really blatantly stolen from another movie is the theme song from the opening synthesizer, which sounds almost identical to Harold Faltermeyer's Axel F. "Beverly Hills Cop". The rest of the film is a fun mix of fantasy tricks, science fiction, action, horror and superhero movies. It certainly does not always make sense (most of the time that does not happen), but "Miami Golem" is undeniably an imaginative and multifaceted film that kept my partner and I fascinated from beginning to end. <br /> <br /> The plot is extremely difficult to summarize briefly but I will try anyway. Skeptical journalist Craig Milford is reporting the story of a German scientist who allegedly discovered the alien DNA inside a meteorite that fell and cloned it. The DNA cell belongs to an evil alien force that has already exterminated another interstellar race in the past and will undoubtedly destroy all of humanity as it grows large enough in size. If that is not sufficiently problematic, the rich Mr Anderson has ordered to steal the malefic fetus that grows slowly because he thinks he can manipulate it and use it to gain world domination. With the help of some good aliens in an earthy disguise, Craig Milford has the difficult task of protecting the planet from the evil fetus. Okay, I know this all sounds grotesque and silly, but I guarantee that "Miami Golem" is actually a lightweight and easy to digest movie. The first half of the film may seem overly hectic and confusing because Alberto De Martino tries to keep the conspiracy secret through the use of absurd comments. There are subliminal ghostly apparitions, supportive characters behaving exaggeratedly mysterious for no real reason and to some extent there is speculation about the lost continent of Atlantis. This is all a misleading stuff, and as soon as the set-up is more or less clear, "Miami Golem" turns into a 1980s popcorn action movie with bloody massacres, extravagant chase sequences (in the Everglades <br /> <br /> Now, I really do not want to get the impression that "Miami Golem" is a lost and undeservedly obscure jewel of Italian filmmaking. Make no mistake, this is a really bad movie! Events only become bearable if you accept the stupidity and incoherence of the plot and if you are not successful at it, well than this is just an uninterrupted onslaught of negatives. Performance performances are painfully awful. Particularly the film veteran B John Ireland, as the archetypal villain character of James Bond, does not seem at all interested in the script. You can tell from his grimaces and the way he delivers his lines that he also thinks that all production is delayed and simply signed up for the paycheck. Laura Trotter is probably the least sexy female desire object of all time, and the person who designed the wonderfully chaotic VHS cover must have felt exactly the same way, because the sweeping girl on the cover does not appear anywhere in the movie. How embarrassing this must be for Mme. Trotter. Still, her completely naked nudity sequences make up for it, since she's pretty warm from the neck down. And finally, there's the unforgettable scene in which David Warbeck picks up a helicopter from a school bus on the move with an ordinary pistol! I do not think even John Rambo can do that while he's a Vietnam veteran and Warbeck's character is a simple TV reporter.
