A reporter, Craig Milford, who works for the James Keller Public Telecommunications Center, has an interview with a German professor at a Florida university who created an unknown creature based on some meteorite substance (s). But then a man named Anderson, who is trying to control the entire planet with the creature, and his man kill the teacher and his assistants and plunder the creature. So, Craig and his new psychic partner, Joanna Fitzgerald, who can communicate not only with the human being but also with the creature's alien friend (s), begin to find the creature and try to send it to him, to an alien ship. The film has great cast and crew. For example, he has actor David Warbeck of THE BEYOND, actress Laura Trotter of NIGHTMARE CITY, the creator of special visual effects, Sergio Stivaletti of Dario Argento's masterpieces, and the director (and also the story writer) Alberto De Man martino with blue eyes and killer is on the phone. And these talented people make an incredibly bad movie, named, nothing more than MIAMI GOLEM, which is essentially a confusedly combined film of FOCUS OF THE THIRD KIND with E. T. THE EXTRA-TERRESTRIAL. And this not only confusing but also overcrowded movie has something worthwhile; genetic engineering with psychic research. Consequently, the film has at least one scientific and / or technical flaw; genetic engineering and psychic research are never compatible. (Strangely, in relation to this strangely infantile combination of genetic engineering and psychic research, the main character Craig himself says there must be a better explanation for the short-haired psychic, Joanna.) But, after all, the whole story of film does not present and can not present any kind of BETTER EXPLANATION.) In addition, this film has something more laughable; his troublesome music. What the composer, who is credited as Robert Marry, provides is nothing more than the strangely insistent music of BEVERLY-HILLS-COP. I do not want to say that this italianized BEVERLY HILLS COP theme is a particularly bad song, but I have to say that it seems to be clearly clear that the song does not have the suitability for this movie itself. In fact, who can think of BEVERLY HILLS COP has compatibility with genetic engineering and / or psychic research?
