This is a movie that takes some digestion. On the one hand, we are offered a hard shell, a story that not only derives from the Catholic Church, but makes it foolishly and uninformed. In an inner layer, a history of orthodoxy about orthopraxis is offered, and what happens when people blindly follow a faith they should not understand. At first glance, it seemed like this was supposed to be a comedy. If so, then Mr. Durang needs to open a dictionary, because he clearly does not know the meaning of the word. The jokes are pale; the humor is clumsy and poorly delivered. In particular, Mrs. Keaton's performance is fickle and exaggerated, well below the quality of her days in Annie Hall and Sleeper. Jennifer Tilly is again the model of stridence, with her sharp voice and her wailing style. All this could be forgiven had it not been for the last 20 minutes of this film, which was evidently a controversial play made in 1981. <br /> <br /> Watch out, spoilers ahead <br /> Everything starts with the appearance of four (Ignatius, incidentally, is a masculine name, and a nun would not adopt her after her vows, under any circumstance, simply because of that fact, only to show how relentless research was for the project to begin with.) When everyone admits that they do not follow the teachings of the church, the sister becomes unreasonable and abuse them in a way that the public should believe that she made her way back when in flashy, cliche. When one of them admits having two miscarriages, the nun becomes even more abusive until the student withdraws a weapon. After fighting away from her, the nun kills the pupil, presumably in self-defense. She then starts screaming, killing a gay former student because of her sins. The last shot is of the dead student lying in a pose of Christ while a shadow of a cross hangs over her. Can you say 'heavy hand'? I knew you could! <br /> <br /> I know there have been abusive nuns in the past, and I know that many people were emotionally harmed as a result, but that image is shot down in almost every shot. in this train disaster of a movie. I have heard from the writer and the director that this is a movie about hysteria and why one should not follow orthodoxy so religiously, with no pun intended. This explanation is difficult to swallow, simply because we are never given an authoritarian viewpoint that is not biased against the Catholic faith in one way or another. This film is simply anti-Catholic gut, which in the name of fairness and equality, is stingy and hateful. <br /> <br /> This is a film that I would recommend to a Catholic, that is, to awaken you to the realities of what cynicism and ignorance they face today. If it was "Rabbi Ray explains everything" or "Imam Muhammad explains everything," there would be riots in the streets and Showtime would lose all of its signature. But unfortunately, because this is a movie that beats against what is perceived as the most, it is accepted and even applauded by those who share the same spiteful point of view. <br /> <br /> I certainly hope that every member of this cast was a practicing Catholic, so it was not just the ignorance that led them to make this movie. <br /> <br /> I give 1.5 out of 5 stars, not because of its offensive nature, but because it was poorly written, misdirected and just a bad movie in general. Do not waste your time.
