As an "outdated Catholic" who was 11 years of Catholic school, but did not attend Mass in 35 years, except for weddings and funerals, I thought of having fun with it. And I did . . . for the first two-thirds of the film. It was all standard material - rigorous parochial school teachings, repressed sexuality, etc. But then, suddenly, the movie became stingy. REALLY means. Now, remember, I saw this before the pedophile scandals were hit. . . and perhaps I would not have been so offended by these unpleasant and odious idiots in the Catholic Church if I had known about these abominations (such a Catholic term!) and the coverings. <br /> <br /> It's been a few years since I rented the video, and I will not rent it again with a new perspective. It just left a taste so dirty, nasty and ugly in my mouth. . . I wonder what experience all the actors have had with the Church, because either they really hate it, or they prostitute themselves for the pay. It's an incredibly anti-Catholic film, offensive to anyone who has a glimpse of a spark of respect for Catholic education. What I still do because there were no better teachers in the 1950s. Whatever those nuns did, they forced me to learn to read and write the English language. They made us memorize. (How many children today can do simple arithmetic in their heads?) The truth is that there is nothing more essential to success in America. You can read? Can you add / subtract / multiply / divide? Great. You can get any advanced degree you want. And the discipline of Catholic education will keep you in a good position, not only when you continue your studies, but also for the rest of your life, no matter what you think of the Catholic "mythology" we all had to learn. > <br /> A cast so big, a script so bad and rotten. I really feel bad (and no, it's not "evil" - trust me, the nuns taught me better) to the writer and director. <br /> <br /> I thought I had mixed emotions about Catholic school. But the participants of this project must have been those bad (ie, stupid) kids who were sitting at the back of the room, if they were willing to make that movie.
