Final score ... who cares - it's a reality show. He has no love for the public, is a lazy viewer, puts nothing and earns nothing. <br /> <br /> "Joe Millionaire," the most brazen reality show of them all, is a television disaster. of epic proportions. It's a turning point, deep down, not just for Fox, but for the American audience that really watches, likes, and talks about that crap the next day. You should be ashamed of yourselves. Because, no matter how much Fox promotes this garbage, it will not make money unless it's seen by people (and dude, does the ending have almost Super Bowl numbers?). Do not bother people that there are many quality shows written, directed, performed and usually have an effort put into them that are being canceled while you relax and watch this show cold and effortless? <br /> <br /> I used to be a staunch supporter of Fox. It's those of us who like me and are looking for a quality TV that helped build Fox in the days of Married ... with Children and The Simpsons. Conveniently, now none of these programs would reach 6 weeks with current management. The Gail Berman "reign of terror" as it is often called. The network fought TV war with scripts and, strangely, are fans. The same people who helped build them in the beginning. Now, not only do we have to fight for good shows, but we have to fight against their own network. This confuses the mind. Nothing Fox has done in the last 3 years makes any sense. Of canceling hits like "Titus," "Futurama" and "John Doe" (NBC can renew "Boomtown", but Fox can not raise its head to give the only decent show this season had another chance?). And the reason they can do it all: the success of junk like "Joe Millionaire." They can now say "We do not need you TV fans, we have reality shows." Apparently, they seem to have no idea that the big public tied up with this garbage is fickle and will abandon them the second time the next fad appears. To alienate your base like this will eventually kill the network the way it has ABC back. <br /> <br /> The show itself is a joke. Here we have a premise, in the now classic Fox trick, that promises us something different and daring, but then delivers something that is in no way different from "The Bachelor" or anything in the big 3. Fox has become mainstream. The final and "twist" showed that they have no ideas up their sleeves. Now we know that all these shows, no matter how different they look, will all end up in the same cornball ending in the fairy tale. We got to see a lot of aspiring actors that the network chose from millions of headshots to suit their demographics parading as high school bimbos pretending they liked Evan Marriott because ... well, because it was a competition and that's what you should do. Marriott itself is like a horribly disfigured Chro-Magnum man who struggles to put together the simplest sentences. But how can women (all ugly looking, by the way - an important minus is a guilty pleasure show like this) do not fall in love with "Joe" with phrases as charming as "Look, you're not stupid." I used to think that people who attended these reality / dating / gaming shows were just lazy about changing channels, but after "Joe Millionaire" I think they should be genuinely mentally deficient. Come on people, have a little more pride in yourself. Demand a little more of your entertainment than that. <br /> <br /> Boycott FOX.
