Serum begins when Eddie (Derek Phillips) is delighted to learn he was accepted into medical school to follow the family tradition of becoming a doctor like his father Richard (Dennis O'Neill) and his Uncle Eddie (David H. Hickey ). However, his joy may be short as Eddie is involved in an accident and is run over by a car. Taken to the nearest hospital, it does not look good to poor Eddie, so his uncle Eddie convinces his brother Richard to let him save Eddie with the serum he has developed, a serum that will give the recipient the power to heal any type of wound . or disease. Desperate for his son to live Richard agrees, but the procedure has unwanted side effects, such as turning Eddie into a brain-eating zombie, which is not a good thing ... Executive produced, written and directed by Steve Franke I'll be perfectly frank and say Serum is horrible, Serum is one of those budget-conscious horror movies that tries to steal another number of others and ends up being a little more fun than having nails plucked with pliers. The script is terrible, there's the whole Re-Animator (1985) with crazy scientists wielding huge syringes trying to eradicate death, but it's so annoying that it's a lie, the first forty minutes are nothing more than a really bland novel. Nothing expects to wait for Eddie to come home after spending some time outside and finding his ex-girlfriend connecting with someone else, arguing with his stepmother, getting drunk with his partner and generally boring the public. So once the boredom of the first forty minutes is over and if you're still watching, it takes another twenty minutes for Eddie to cheer up again and then he kills some people, the police catch up and shoot him in the end. Thank God. The serum is devoid of any trait associated with a good movie, the character sucks, the dialogue is poor, it takes itself too seriously, it's slow, it's forgettable and considering it's a horror movie, there's a alarming lack of blood, blood or horror. Not recommended, did I mention whey was annoying? I thought that way. <br /> <br /> Director Franke does nothing to liven up this thing, though he's competent to have no style here. Blood levels do not exist, there is a bit of blood splashed, a bitten neck, some scars on a dead woman's face, some scenes where a needle pierces the skin and that's it. Do not expect a Re-Animator in the gore department, because if you're going to be very disappointed, very much like me, actually. Filmed in what looks like a house, a restaurant and a laboratory, the film has no variety and only seems cheap everywhere. There are some nudity scenes, but that's far from enough to save you. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is not so bad, at least it looks like the proper cameras were used, I can not comment on that. the special effects, because there are none, but usually the serum looks fairly professional. Apparently filmed in Texas, or should I have read this literally in Texas? The acting sucks, though, again, I think they were the best actors than friends or the director's family. <br /> <br /> Serum is a terrible movie, it's boring, slow, boring, bloodless and looks like horrible soap. opera for the first forty minutes. I do not understand why anyone would feel the need to watch this when they could watch Re-Animator or one of their sequences again, seriously, I recommend you give Serum a flaw. There I just saved you from wasting 90 minutes of your life, you can thank me later.
