"Serum" starts with credits that are very reminiscent of "Re-animator" movies, and that owes a lot to them. The story is very similar; a mad doctor develops a serum that he believes will alleviate pain, illness and death but apparently does not believe much in clinical trials and so ends up with a brain-eating zombie in his hands in the person of his nephew. The zombie looks like one of those "Re-animator," and in fact some of the makeup effects on "Soro" are not bad. Unfortunately, the script is pretty slow and unbelievable in some places, resulting in a novel for most of the first 3/4 of the movie. For some reason, the director feels compelled to tell us the time of day every few minutes by displaying it in large white letters on the screen. I can not see why this was important, other than being an attempt to provide viewers with a sense of time passing by; sometimes this would not be present any other way as the plot went by. <br /> <br /> There are a lot of moments that simply do not add up here. For example, a victim is struck with a sledgehammer, but when we see the victim's head closely, there is no sign of that trauma. In another scene, a character walks down a corridor of the fully lit hospital (we can see the circles of light on the floor, actually) with a flashlight in his hand, looking around the world as if he were walking in the dark ... but a moment then a second character walks down the same brightly lit corridor without one. These are just some examples; moments of what appears to be editorial or editorial neglect often appear throughout the film. "Serum" is better, in some ways than much that goes straight to the video as independent horror lately. In terms of technical items? sound and photography, for example ?? has a more polished appearance than much of what lands on a DVD. On the other hand, there is still a lot of woodworking (particularly one of the main characters, the mad scientist himself!) And senseless moments that have nothing to do with suspension of disbelief and everything to do with writing and continuity. Perhaps these are the things with which the people involved with the making of this film will eventually gain more experience. One of the problems with low-budget independent terror lately is that filmmakers often plan to remake more popular movies that have larger budgets, and that hardly ever works out. Not in the case of "serum," anyway.
