Green Street, as it was called in the UK, or Hooligans is a bad movie. The story is full of fantastic ideas and premises that anyone who lives in England went to a football game or knows that the first thing about football will appear immediately. <br /> <br /> My first major flu with Hooligans is the poor casting of the two main characters. Do not get me wrong, I like Elijah Wood and I have a great respect for his work, but despite his best efforts, he fought to get that role. The main motivation for his character is the rage of the system and the rage of betrayal, however he spends much of the placid and joyful film, displaying only his repressed aggression in a brief scene at the end of the film. This, coupled with his looks and physique, makes him a totally unconvincing addition to a gang of football hooligans. At no point during the film was I convinced that a) he could handle himself in a fight against such thugs and b) the 'company' of bad guys would accept such a person in his flock. <br /> <br /> The other main character is played by Charlie Hunnam. Charlie looks like the role and is quite convincing as a thug. Unfortunately, being a native of Newcastle Upon Tyne in the north of England, he demonstrates East London's worst accent ever since Dick Van Dyke tried to drive him crazy in Marry Poppins. Details like this probably will not bother an American audience that will be less attuned to the regional dialect in the UK, but being from the UK was a problem that I could not ignore and contributed to ruining the film for me. The support cast all gave compelling performances and were well released, especially the role of Bover. The guy who plays this character would have been much more suited to the lead role that Charlie played. With a movie like this, you have to convince the audience that your characters are plausible, unfortunately the cast failed. Imagine if you made a movie like The Godfather and had Sean Hayes (Jack) of Will and Grace playing Michael Corleone. You would not be convinced. Hooligan's story is also fraught with implausibility. I'm not a football hooligan, but I'm a fan of fantastic football. I know how a group of regular football fans can be, as such, it is impossible for a non-football fan, who is not a fan of the club in question, is not from the area in question and not even from English nationality should be adopted by a "company" which, in some serious cases, amounts to a secret organization. My last and biggest problem with this movie is the way it portrays football hooligans. I object to the movie idea that although they are very violent individuals, hooligans are excused because they live in some sort of code of ethics in their own world and must be admired for being brave and loyal to one another. This is complete rubbish. Soccer hooligans are full slag. They take football, the national sport of England, and use it as an excuse to terrify, scare and intimidate people. They represent only a small percentage of football fans, but give the whole game and the people of this country a bad reputation. They are not brave or loyal, they are cowardly and evil. If the 'GSE' in this movie really loved their club, West Ham, why devote their lives to be a stain on their behalf? Hooligans are an embarrassment for football and English society. Soccer hooligans make by football's reputation what Hitler did with the reputation of the Germans. Although this movie tries / intends to show the 'gritty' side of violence in football. It does nothing more than promote it as a kind of excusable activity for the extreme fans of the sport. It does not show the innocent poor at football games that have their day ruined by some idiot throwing coins / lighters / glass into the crowd. It does not show the innocent owners of homes and properties who have to deal with graffiti and broken windows. It does not show real fans of football clubs suffering from unworthiness and embarrassment when their fans are banned from traveling to matches outside England or abroad for European games because the bad guys among them spoil everything for everyone. If you want to see a good movie about violence in football, watch the BBC drama "The Firm".
