'A Smile Like Yours' is a pathetic comedy that does not really make sense. I do not want to say that the story was complicated, but the whole plot is based on one thing: desperate and costly attempts by a couple to conceive children. People who have tried so hard must have forgotten the adoption option, which this film is not kind. <br /> <br /> Lauren Holly plays Jennifer Robertson, a complete contradiction with anything offered by the women's liberation movement. , exhibiting almost no sense of independence. She is a very boring character as the dreamy housewife with absolutey nothing else in her mind but to have children. Like a comedy of idiot romances of the fifties, Greg Kinnear is the husband who submits, who also does not show personality, independence and, of us, no interest. <br /> <br /> They are the two most annoying and often annoying characters, and they hardly make for topics in a comedy that must present themselves with many mishaps, which must arise from a couple doing everything possible to get pregnant . Except, they really do nothing except go to a fertility clinic and shell out a lot of money to do what they could do in the privacy of their own (except for that number of in vitro fertilization). The plot hardly allows any misfortune, because well, the couple does nothing to create any kind of bizarre situation. They just go to this clinic. So what? <br /> <br /> The subplots are intended to test the couple's fidelity, a necessary moral element of the story, since the couple plans to conceive children together. Jennifer works in a new age store with her friend (played by Joan Cusak), and they are in the business of developing aphrodisiacs. Christopher MacDonald plays the uncompromising buyer and Jennifer is the promising bargainer for a good price for her product and her friend. The subplot hardly offers much to keep you interested (although Joan Cusak is quite funny in the restaurant scene). Danny (Kinear) is an architect, who finds an opportunity to earn some extra money to cover clinical accounts, taking up a job in Seattle, where his boss is the coarse seductress (also another helpless female character and defenseless) who tries to influence Danny (as dumb as he) to have an affair with her, since things are conveniently precarious. with him and his wife (for reasons I do not mind giving). Jill Hennesy is good at the role, but her character is very predictable and very stereotyped as a much needed element to create conflicts for Danny. It's stupid and again, hardly interesting. <br /> <br /> The movie itself is completely boring, and hardly entertaining (except for the restaurant scene and airline flight). The plot offers nothing that is really interesting. Even if the story was entirely about two people trying to conceive, the writers might have discovered several hilarious mishaps to develop with it. Second, the main characters are completely boring. They are complete silouhettes of idiot 1950s comedies with happy wife and no-nonsense husband. So even with no setbacks present in the plot, the characters themselves offer nothing interesting, much less funny. <br /> <br /> Joan Cusak should have been in the lead and someone else should have taken on the role of Kinnear. Cusak would have made even a bad and outrageously funny story (as she sometimes does in her co-starring role here). This is definitely one to miss.
