As a fan of science fiction films, I have known The Matrix since its launch in 1999. Because of how little I allowed people to tell me about it, I assumed it was highly original and sophisticated. I'm also a devotee of Alice in Wonderland. I could never figure out how I lost the Matrix when it was released. With the imminent release of The Matrix Reloaded, it was time to buy the DVD and watch it. <br /> <br /> The disappointment was too great. The premise of the matrix (the control device as opposed to the film) was clever. The philosophical premise of the parallel worlds, alternative realities, is worn. However, I might still have bought it in the movie, as a science fiction, if I stood firm in that genre. Unfortunately, it has become a pattern, "they will or will not escape, break up, rescue those who need ransom, etc." To make things worse, it turned out to be another martial arts exercise. The problem is that science fiction films and martial arts are actually two different types. For the purest, the devotee of one or the other, mixing the two does not work. It's like mixing science fiction with romance. You may have one or the other, but not both in the same movie, or at least not so much the same length in the same movie. <br /> <br /> If there were problems with the Matrix, The Matrix Reloaded really did aggravate the problems. At least thirty minutes of the film were martial arts sequences or the prolonged pursuit of cars. (This observation ignores the question, made in every negative professional critique of the film: If Neo could do the Superman thing, why bother to fight? The answer, of course, is what attracts the young male demographic to the theater, the theater.) Then there is the aspect of "redemption through love." This plotting device was worn by Richard Wagner more than a hundred years ago. In fact, he was best treated by him in the Die Gotterdammerung. <br /> <br /> So, where does that leave those who saw the Matrix Reloaded? Martial arts fans probably groaned through the banal, but arcane sci-fi philosophizing. Science fiction fans were wondering why they were sitting at a kung-fun festival. Most men in the audience probably bored with the film's silly look of romance. <br /> <br /> Exactly what you should be getting for your dollars when you see the Matrix franchise movies: science fiction, martial arts arts or novel? A little of each one does not do much more of any of them, nor for a film suitable for the aficionados of each one.
