The man would expect a movie filmed with an approx. A budget of 300,000,000 U $ D should at least entertain you by the time you are spending in the movies watching it closely. "Matrix Reloaded" proves that this assumption is wrong. "Matrix" worked better, despite having apparent flaws in relation to the logic of the story. At least no one could explain why beating a bot (aka agent) within a simulation (also known as martix) would harm the computer program responsible in any way ... Unfortunately, the Wachowski brothers they did just that. this "agent attacker" is the main one in "Matrix Reloaded": it's a beat-up-the-rama. These fight scenes can be enough (or even cool) in 5 seconds. trailer, but prolonged for several minutes, apparently being faked, choreographed badly and repeated over and over again, is nothing more than annoying. In spite of seeing the promised spectacular acrobatics, there is nothing more than a simple attack of low quality and unimaginative already seen (or rather, not) in, for example. Van Damme 'movies'. The post-production difference (ethereththing is 5 times faster, the camera fluctuates a lot and freezes in certain scenes, and this is repeated for at least 5min) does not help here, it all has nothing to do with the very meaning of " martial arts". Alongside these 'fights', all actors refuse to do what they are paid: acting. <br /> <br /> What is there besides the fight scenes? Few, except the Hollywood routine. This bunch of multicultural hippies that sucked "Waterworld" are recycled as citizens of "Zion" (the last city on the planet) and, by order of Morpheus, they start dancing because this is a good opportunity to show a lot of breasts and badly covered asses. The so popular cliché of the French aka Frenchmen speaking with the idiot accent "je ne sais quoi", who wastes his fortune because of a "liason d'amour" is boldly served. After this (and funny unwanted) is the fight between Neo and the sinister followers of 'the frog', since it occurs in an Erroy Flynn as enterieur, with luck presenting a lot of mideaval weapons for decoration. For Neo to pose with the hellebarde, simply add 2 steps and many statues (to be destroyed, played over evil characters and the like) and you will have another 5 minutes meaningless and annoying. of this garbage. <br /> <br /> What's left to wait for? The usual hell of merchandising. And "revolutions" that will happen or not - certainly without me.
