The first Matrix movie was lush with incredible character development, ingenious dialogue, and action scenes that kept the story flowing. These elements - combined with incredible special effects of the day - featured a magical ride that kept you in suspense all the time. Enter Matrix Reloaded (and its sequel, Revolutions). The problem here is not the special effects or the fight sequences, as some may argue; The brothers picked up well-developed characters from the first film and emptied them like rotten tree trunks. The connection that was established between the viewers and the characters on the screen in the first movie is lost when you realize that these are not the same characters as the first Matrix movie. Next, Morpheus was developed as a Charismatic, philosophical, with a far superior insight to any other person in the film, but here in the Reloaded - we are presented by a different Morpheus, who remains hard and hollow , reduced to brutal ones that contradict the character that we saw developing in the first one. movie. This character simply did not look the same, and this could also be said about the supporting characters in the film. <br /> <br /> The removal of 'Tank' was also a disappointment. Tank's involvement in the first film was minimal at best, but he played the role extremely well. In Reloaded, we find that Tank dies after the events in the first movie, and he is replaced by a stuntman Jar Jar Binks who could not act to save his live (think of the old box of Kellogg's Corn Flakes). His performance left me laughing, and most of his dialogue had no time. There was an overwhelming sense that he was trying too hard to convey his emotions on the screen or delivery in the script was off; in both cases, the experience was humorous! Sometimes I felt embarrassed by the actor .... Even Neo's divine persona was suspicious during most of the fight sequences. The battle of the alley with Agent Smith's 200 clones was certainly exaggerated. One must wonder, for a man as gifted as Neo - that he would even waste his time engaging in such a fruitless and frivolous battle when more pressing issues occur (especially when you consider his flying ability or his ungodly ability to bend the Matrix) . certainly, Neo could have sent the clones much faster and more efficiently). Again, such acts lend themselves to a script hampered by consistency and scenes created as fill to prevent us from feeling cheated. As a joke, our expectations for the characters created in the first movie are discarded promptly. Unfortunately, for those who expect more of the same - you will surely leave feeling seriously disappointed. <br /> <br /> However, if you consider Reloaded as your standard and common action movie, and forget the incoherencies of the incredible story and the unfolding of the already established character development of the first movie, you should feel good pleased.
