Small semi-soap, but hardly captivating. Still, two or three funny moments. What surprises me is how slippery and morally questionable is McNicol. She plays an invalid (a leg problem), but she's not just the "ugly duckling" men avoid, but she's even a man-eater - and we must feel for her! Oh, poor McNicol, with a problem in her leg ... Poor McNicol! She is constantly receiving passes from men, and even plays them without even blinking! On one occasion, she even has a premeditated case of a night with a blonde stallion, and then she tells her newly discovered French girlfriend in a not too fussy way that he took time to get an erection! It makes the viewers wonder why she's so aware of her legs if all the guys want to bump into her. Well, almost every face; the only guy who really avoided her after seeing his leg wrapped in metal is the guy working on the phone. But on the other hand, she seems to be fine with men! No shyness, no lack of success with men, and she throws them away like toys; the way she left Carradine was ridiculous. Poor little girl, invalid ?? I think not. And yet, we are bound to believe that this woman has a great problem of confidence; hence the scene in which she prepares to start playing the flute for a solo concert and somehow manages to throw the notes on the floor because of the nervousness. Nervousness The rest of the film shows little or nothing to suggest that she has confidence issues, so this flute scene is absurd and does not fit the larger picture. I was also surprised at the speed and eagerness that McNicol befriends a Frenchwoman who is fucking a married guy. On the surface, the film seems to be a "sentimental story of the struggle of a woman crippled by acceptance" (or something like that), but it's nothing like that; the writer clearly alternates between this type of film and a movie "anything that moves - it's the kind of movie of the '80s" - very confusing. <br /> <br /> As for the leg: it is not as if she had a large, fat purple balloon that grows on her calf muscle. She "just" has a normal-looking metal prosthesis stuck to the bottom of her leg, so I really do not understand why the creators of the movie try to make it look like she's a female Quasimodo or something at the beginning of the movie . It's not like she has a twin head coming out of her neck! Although McNicol is hardly a big problem. Kind of cutie but nothing special, quite average. <br /> <br /> But what the hell is Carradine doing by playing some kind of (relatively) soft-faced flirting with McNicol and his friend ?! This guy was in "Revenge of the Nerds"! But I think it's the same with the Carradines in the movies as with the Kennedys in politics: no matter how ugly, incapable or dumb, all the doors are open to a career in film and politics, respectively. If you want to read fake biographies about the Carradines and other Hollywood nepotists and idiots, contact me by email.
