Another double noir on a Warner Home Video disc and by far the best of the two films is RKO's wonderful 1950s thriller "Where Danger Loves." This is a memorable classic with a great cast in Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rains. Crisply photographed in black and white by Nicholas Musuraca was heavily directed by John Farrow. "Where Danger Lives" is a great example of the noir style of making pictures and will always be remembered for its sophisticated craftsmanship that was Hollywood's past - (See my full review). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, none of the above praise can be applied to the second film on the disc, the abysmal MGM 1949 stinker! Poorly written (Allen Rivkin) and directed by John Berry this film is full of ridiculous characterizations and improbable situations. The inconceivable relationship between an educated and cynical soft pharmacist - mildly played by Richard Baseheart - and his openly rancid wife (a laughable Audrey Totter) is utterly implausible and unconvincing (how on earth they came together first, no one knows). Then, when she "unsurprisingly" abandoned him by one of his companions (Lloyd Gough), our timid pharmacist, instead of being euphoric and on the moon with his new fortune, plotts revenge and tries to kill Gough, but at the last minute chickens . The guy is murdered anyway and our pharmacist is immediately suspected by Homicide Detective Barry Sullivan (another mild performance). So who killed him? Well, at this stage of the movie you really could not care less, since it's all so poorly executed and ridiculed by director Berry. Berry has no idea of ​​the rhythm and can not inject a bit of style into it. There is nothing he can put in front of the camera to prevent you from napping! The only TENSION contained in this film is in the elastic that is stretched to the limit and fits the fingers of Barry Sullivan as he gives the introduction into the opening of the film. So much for this one! A very unfortunate effort! C'est La Vie! The best things about this turkey are the smooth monochrome cinematography of the great Harry Stradling, an effective soundtrack of young Andre Previn, and a dramatic appearance of the lovely Cyd Charisse before she found her dancing shoes. Hey! - maybe she could have saved the photo if she had given us some steps and a few pirouettes! HUH? <br /> <br /> In their favor, however, are the heaps of extras that are included, which features trailers, comments and featurettes for both films. But the record is worth it for the classic RKO Mitchum!
