Robin Cook's novel "Coma" had already been turned into a very successful film in 1978. A couple of years later it was the turn of another Robin Cook bestseller to get the big screen treatment, but in the case of " Sphinx "virtually anything that could go wrong will go wrong. This is a terrible adventure movie that consists of wooden performances, stupid dialogues, unconvincing characters and lead rhythm. The only reason a rating of 1 out of 10 escapes is that the Egyptian background provides infinitely more fascination than the story itself. Hard to believe Franklin J. Schaffner (of "Patton" and "Planet Of The Apes") is the director behind this disaster. <br /> <br /> Much Egyptologist Erica Baron (Lesley Anne-Down) is on a working vacation in Cairo when she stumbles upon the antique shop of Abdu-Hamdi (John Gielgud). Hamdi befriends Erica and is impressed by her enthusiasm and knowledge. Consequently, he shows her a beautiful and incredibly rare statue of Pharaoh Seti I that he is keeping secretly in his shop. The very existence of the statue arouses intense excitement in Erica as it can provide vital clues to locating the tomb of Seti I, a prize as great as the discovery of Tutankhamun's tomb in 1922. Before Hamdi could tell Erica, he is brutally murdered in his shop, with Erica watching in silent terror as he finds his horrible end. Scared, but tormented by what she saw, Erica tries to trace the treasure. She finds herself assisted and hindered in her quest for various other parts, none of which is truly trustworthy. On the one hand, there is Yvon (Maurice Ronet), apparently a friend, but perhaps a man with sinister ulterior motives? Then there's Akmed Khazzan (Frank Langella), an Egyptian for whom Erica feels a certain attraction, but who may also be hiding dangerous secrets from her. <br /> <br /> The biggest problems with "Sphinx" usually result from its total disrespect for plausibility. Down could not be less convincing as a female egyptologist? She's supposed to be very educated and ingenious, but she spends the whole film screaming helplessly like a bum-fucking dick from a teen horror movie. On the rare occasions when she's really not running away from a potential villain, she does other brainless things like taking Polaroid flash photos in a 4,000-year-old tomb! The twists in the plot are heavy, to say the least, especially of revelations and double crossings that can be predicted well in advance. You can not even try to enjoy the movie at the action-level idiot but fun because the pace is too slow. That little action can be found is separated by long periods of boredom. A famous review of the film stated: "Sphinx stinks!" Never before has a 2 hour film been so appropriately summed up in 2 words.
