This movie has nothing to do with the Sphinx, and the title is just a turnaround. The story concerns an imagined and true tomb in the Valley of the Kings, King Seti I, according to Pharaoh of the period of the 19th Dynasty of the New Kingdom. It's not a bad yarn, and much of the film is filmed locally. Even the scenes in the lobby of the Winter Palace Hotel in Luxor were actually filmed there, not in a studio. The material of the second unit is endless, and they must have been released in Egypt for weeks. Frank Langella is actually very good as a sophisticated Egyptian. He should take it as a side line. The film is essentially ruined by one of the world's most annoying actresses, Lesley Anne Down, who plays the lead role. She spends the whole movie wondering how she is, her blue eyes refracting the light at the right angle, making all the guys coveting her, etc. Having started life as a model at the age of ten, what hope could there be for her? ? It symbolizes all that is most revolting about female vanity and obscure inanity. And to think that this film was directed by Franklin Shaffner, who won an Oscar for 'Patton'! He allows this terrible actress to whine and squirm throughout the film, a hysterical moment, flirting the next, in a kind of stupid hurricane as she staggers from one man to another, screaming or making eyes from the room, it does not matter. She was supposed to be a young Egyptologist. But she's never been to Egypt before! She takes a taxi to Giza and sees her first glimpse of the pyramids, spurting in ecstasy: "But they are so GREAT !!!!" Barf! OK, so that was the script, but it leads to banality very readily, giving the impression that it is the natural element of it, which I do not doubt for a minute. Elements of the story are solid. There is, in fact, a serious problem about a black market for antiques there. Truth! Well done! Robin Cook's novel, which I have not seen, may be good for everything I know. It was fun to see the name of Cyril Swern as a sound recorder in the movie, as I had known him for a long time. Stanley Kubrick's adopted daughter, Katharina, is described as "draftsman." I wonder what that means? Maybe she did some work. Anyway, the antiquities of the movie are very good, actually. And we got to see much of the Cairo Museum and several scenic sites. They actually enter the Tomb of King Tutankhamun! I do not imagine it would be allowed today for a movie. Many inappropriate scenes happen in mosques. That was not going to be good today, but by 1981 these things were not on the agenda. The song for the movie is absolutely terrible, worse than Lesley Anne Down, actually! But there were surprisingly authentic soundtrack elements, one of them being the cacophony of the Cairo traffic noise, which is accurately represented in the background, and would make anyone who knew Cairo giggle nervously. Also, the speaker calls for prayer are there all the time, another touch of authenticity. Why did not they hit that? It could have been good.
