I agree with most of the comments I have seen written. I grew up watching Seseme Street before many people who wrote comments were born. I was born in 1964, so I was 5 years old when Sesame Street was shown on television. The show taught me my numbers (The Count), spelling (the Muppet), and about life. I liked all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover and Cookie Monster) and I do not quite understand why they had to change. I understand that everything has to change in some way, but make Cookie Monster a "vegetarian monster" to promote healthy eating. The show has introduced new characters and monsters since its inception, why not create a separate "vegetarian monster" that speaks / discusses the benefits of eating a varied diet with Cookie Monster. But, back to the point. I grew up watching the beginning of Sesame Street, my 20-year-old daughter grew up seeing SS with me next to her, and we discussed Mr. Hooper dying, although he died before she was born, as well as other topics about the show. I saw the episode as an older child, and I still remember how they portrayed the event, much like real life. And I'm sure he hit the cast very hard, since all the deaths and losses affect families. You saw this in the program and allowed parents and children to discuss very difficult events. The program talked about traditional families, adoptive families and combined families. It is one of the few programs that really discusses these scenarios. Now I have a 5 year old daughter who does not really watch SS. I've tried to watch the show a few times, but actually it's not what it used to be. The Elmo 1/2 hour with Mr. Noodle is absolutely ridiculous. As many people have said, it does not teach anything. It is aimed at people under 18 months (maybe) and neither is funny. I was always proud to watch SS as a child, teenager and adult with my own son. Now on my second round, I really have trouble watching SS. Topics that were discussed: death, marriage, non-traditional families, new to neighborhoods, change were related to children and adults in an easy way for 2-99 years of age to understand and relate. Now, there are no concepts taught, minimal counting, only occasional mention of the alphabet. It is NOT the same SS, from an original observer of the show. PLEASE, if any program producer reads these comments, return the program to your foundation. New concepts have never been a problem with SS, they just used to have a better way of incorporating them into the show.
