If you want to see a movie that mixes terribly a Latin country with any other Latin country, "The Celestine Prophecy" is a good example: 1. Peru, not even in its most violent moments, did not show policies or soldiers like in this movie. This showed a country like El Salvador when the Civil War. As I am a Peruvian who lives in Lima, the capital of Peru, it was very funny for me to see the police guards here, there and everywhere. 2. If you have a car in Peru, and want (or need to) be a taxi driver, simply put a sticker with the word "Taxi" on the front glass of your car and drive freely through the streets of Peru. are taxi companies, but their rates are very expensive). There is no need for yellow or black / white square on the doors of your car. Well, the cabs in this movie have this band, something you'll never see in Peru. 3. Peruvians are not Caribbean-style clothing. For example, when a taxi driver leaves, he was wearing a "Guayabera" (Cuban shirt), a white hat and mustaches from the 1940s, such as Clark Gable. No Peruvian looks like this, please! Peru is not the Caribbean! 4. A scene shows a woman on a street with a fairly long skirt, like the typical folk dresses of Latin America. Take a walk anywhere in Peru and you'll never find a woman like that unless you're attending a typical dance. 5. Cast could have been better: I can not deny that Hector Elizondo is a great actor but he is not a Latin actor (his father was Basque and his mother from Puerto Rico but he was born in New York) and his Spanish is no fluent. It is notorious that Spanish is not their first language. There are dozens of very good Latino actors who could have acted as Cardinal Sebastián. Petrus Antonius (General Rodríguez) was also a bad choice for a "Latino police officer". It was very funny to see Elizondo and Petronius in General Rodriguez's office. They looked like two English or American students in a Spanish class, making every effort to pronounce Spanish. Without success, of course. Castulo Guerra was better in his Spanish. A "Peruvian" official, who announced Cardinal Sebastián, spoke a very funny Spaniard too. There are very good Peruvian actors, such as Augusto Alvarez-Calderón and Christian Meier (just to mention two of many Peruvian actors), who could have acted with excellence. 6. I admit that a fictional movie can afford a license by inventing cities or even countries. But please, when creating a name, be careful when using a foreign language: The city portrayed in this film should have been called "Vincent" and not "Vicious". Vicente is a male name and Viciente was never used. 7. I disagree with a reviewer, who says that this movie was filmed on location in Peru. No place is Peruvian, although the production has used excessive posters showing "Inca Kola", the Peruvian soda. Like not a few American movies, this must have used any Latin country. After all, for American producers or directors, a Latin place is identical to any other Latin place. 8. In the first scenes, when John (Matthew Settle) flies to Peru, he should arrive at the only international airport in Peru: Jorge Chávez Airport (Lima, capital). In fact, believe me, it must be any airport in the world, but the Peruvian airport. And, of course, there are no military or police guards at Peruvian airports. 9. When this John takes a room in a Peruvian hotel, this one has a fan and obviously does not have air conditioning. Please, this does not happen in any hotel in Peru (and other Latin countries), unless you have a 1 star hotel! 10. The rebels who fight against the government are ... Colombians! His accent was undoubtedly Colombia. To launch them, the producers should have contracted Peruvian actors. In a nutshell, it would have been cheaper to film in Peru. <br /> <br /> I could continue with more examples of this film, which led me to give a "1" (horrible) vote, but I fell asleep after about 20 minutes from the beginning. But dear producers: it is not a tragedy: there are many worse films with few mistakes. Let's just remember "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" and Disney's indescribable "The Emperor's New Groove." The list of bad movies can be endless ...
