The film gives a rather condensed version of what is contained in the book, which, as far as I can tell, doing some research and checking for investigative facts is largely a work of fiction. In fact, there are no ancient scrolls and if the author was hard pressed, I am sure he would have to admit that he never saw the ancient Aramaic scrolls found in Peru. These "valuable" texts, written as usual by the anonymous, were destroyed by the evil "enemies of truth" in the church and local government. This is rather strange, as all kinds of New Age rubbish crop up every year - hundreds of books, dozens of movies - and the Roman Catholic Church does not seem to be determined to destroy the movement it probably sees. like me, a lot of things. I'm not a fan of the church, remember, but at least the ancient texts on which they base their faith are real. <br /> <br /> It is a typical pattern of scammers and religious con men claiming to have seen or translated ancient documents that were unfortunately destroyed by "evil" men or in the case of Joseph Smith, were taken back to Heaven once translated. Therefore, current texts can not be found in museums such as the Smithsonian, nor translations given by specialists in ancient languages ​​such as Coptic or Aramaic. This is a scam. In a sense, I admire anyone smart enough to have a great idea and make millions of it, but I could not do it alone, since I have no desire to fool the public with more New Age news. <Br / > <br /> Occasionally, genuine old text is found hidden and lost for years. The Gospel of Judas, a Gnostic text, was discovered and after carbon dating and diligent study of the text, considered authentic by the experts. The Gospel of Judas was referred to as heretical around 300 CE. No church document of that time mentions any heavenly prophecies as authentic, heretical or otherwise. <br /> <br /> We are evolving towards something - this is true - but the optimism in Celestine Prophecy is based on nothing but fiction and lies, and a philosophy built on a foundation of lies, such as a castle built in the sand will collapse. The cruel, ugly, overpopulated and cruel world of Blade Runner is more likely to be like the horizon, than a utopian hippie commune where everything is love and peace! I tell people the truth and they hate me, but I tell them what they want to hear, even if it's pure, and millions can be made. Celestine prophecy is what the world wants to hear. Too bad it is a castle built in the sand. Do not misunderstand me. I wish God, Celestine Vision was reality, only it is not. No ancient philosophy at any time expressed ideas given in the Insights with the modern concept of spiritual evolution going hand in hand with biological evolution. These New Age ideas did not exist in the ancient world and did not exist until Darwinian evolution became known. This means that the ideas of the heavenly prophecies can not be older than those of the 1800s, and do not return to the early period of the Christian Era or near the time of Jesus of Nazareth. This kind of New Agers claim is not at all uncommon. Wiccanos claim their brand of magic and witchcraft - the "old religion" dates back to the Stone Age, when in fact no Book of Shadows ever existed before Gerald Gardner, who lived in 1900 and was the friend of Aleister. Crowley. The New Age gurus tell lies and claim that their ideas are based on ancient teachings when the ancients ignored such absurdities preached by Gurus today. Why do they do what they do, commit such fraud? Simple: there are millions of dollars to be made and the modern Guru acquires power over his followers. They compete fiercely and have a strong hatred for their competition, despite their claims of love for all things. Each bitter New Age group is opposed to the others. It's a struggle for their minds and their wallets. <br /> <br /> But learn one thing from me, which is similar to one of the insights, learn to follow your own instincts and seek guidance from within. That I can agree with all my heart.
