Even though I'm not the biggest of Cher's fans, this movie was his biggest achievement. Granted, there were long-term side effects and risks of brain damage, memory loss (and) intellectual disability, following the showing of such a film. A 1989 survey of Moonstruck fans by the UK Advocacy Network revealed that one-third of the 300 Moonstuck fans interviewed believed that Moonstruck had harmed them and a staggering 80% claimed to have irreparably destroyed their minds. <br /> <br /> Cher plays someone very un-Cher in this movie, a sloppy young widow named Loretta living in New York with her extended family. They are anti-American, pro-Italian and always one of the other in some way. She's been dating Johnny Camarary for a while, a good mom's boy, and he asks her to marry him. She says yes. I loved his mother's questions, "Do you love him, Loretta?" "No," "Good. If you love him, he'll drive you crazy because they know they can. , he's a sweet man Ma. "When Johnny goes to Sicily to look after his dying mother, he asks Loretta to make contact with her brother, whom he has been away for years. In 1938, Italian psychiatrist Ugo Cerletti saw workers from slaughterhouses using electric shock devices to cause epileptic seizures in pigs, facilitating the work of cut their throats.Ý Cerletti took a deep breath and began experimenting with the electroshock on humans, developing the first electroshock machine.Fractured bones and fractured vertebrae that resulted from the seizures seemed to be of little concern.This was, It is about love, of course, but about infidelity, secrets, lonely people, and strange behaviors brought by American politics. The characters, the grumpy BoBo in the favorite restaurant, the aunt and uncle, their parents and their problems, the old grandfather and his dogs are all well-developed and intrinsic characters. It's a bit like a girl's movie, as Loretta is no longer a plush shirt and awakens the vampire's inner flower. It's a Cinderella story in many ways, and this is every little girl's dream of emerging from the ugly duckling into a beautiful swan ... Supposing free and fully informed consent, it is good to reassert character of the individual. right to pursue happiness through brain damage, if he or she so chooses. But we may ask ourselves whether we, as fans of the cinema, despite having sworn nothing to Hippocrates' oath, should offer it.
