Disney has already transformed direct video sequences into many of its many animated features. Two of them were made for the 1991 classic, "Beauty and the Beast." Well, these are not really sequences, since both are placed between the events of the first movie. The first of these two direct movies for the video was "The Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas," which seems not to be appreciated by some fans of its theatrical predecessor, but I think this can be expected with sequels. However, this second, "Belle's Magical World", is definitely inferior. <br /> <br /> The movie features three short stories, all of which occur while Belle is in the castle, and the place is under the spell. of the witch. The first is "The Perfect Word," where a misunderstanding on the table between Belle and the Beast leads to trouble, and neither wants to be the first to apologize. The next story is "Fifi's Folly," where the fifth anniversary of Fifi and Lumiere is coming, and Lumiere is unprepared, so Belle helps him. However, Fifi sees Lumiere practicing romance with Belle, and thinks they are really in love. The movie ends with "The Broken Wing". In this story, Belle takes care of a bird with a broken wing, but a bird in the castle will probably mean trouble if the Beast finds out, since he hates birds! <br /> <br /> The plot description I gave is for the original VHS version of the third Disney movie "Beauty and the Beast." Apparently, in the DVD version, there is another story added called "Mrs. Potts Party", but I just saw the original version. However, since I doubt one story would stand out as a classic on the rest, I see no point in watching the special edition. Anyway, the first thing I'm going to say about "Belle's Magical World" is that the animation is very two-dimensional compared to what we're accustomed to from Disney, which obviously disappointed many people. I did not really like "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas", but you certainly can not say the same about your animation. I'm sure the stories in "Belle's Magical World" could entertain many children (especially the younger ones, I think), and each story has a moral, so they could also teach them some valuable lessons. However, for adults, the film does not really have much. I personally found no good humor in this, I discovered that the constant conflict between Belle and the Beast became tiresome, and the stories did not impress me much at all (they are not very well written). In "The Perfect Word," the way Belle says to the Beast, "You're acting rude ... and foolish!" is a bit extravagant, and I think there are some other brute moments in those stories. <br /> <br /> When this direct movie started appearing, I was eleven or twelve years old. . I do not know what I would have thought of it then, since I had lost interest in Disney, and it would take years before I regained that interest. Even when this movie was first released, I think it was a little beyond the age group to which it was directed. I've never seen "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas" until a few months ago, but unlike that movie, I've never heard of it until recently, I think only after seeing the first sequel to Disney's 1991 hit. Well, as much as I enjoy the theatrical original, I would not be losing much if I never knew the existence of this movie. For small children, I'm sure "Belle's Magical World" can be a lot of fun, and probably a little educational with their morals, but I do not recommend it to Disney's adult fans.
