That's right! Below 9 on average but maybe below 12s for some others! I was 11 when I originally saw this video and in such youth I could not notice the poor quality of the cartoons or the fact that those classic characters that we all love are not the same or so good to see. Almost everything is so 2D here! Belle is, I will agree, not even pretty, but only a simple-looking woman with painted skin, she wears the same bright blue dress all the way with no glamorous dress, wardrobe is to say the least, boring - my ears they could bleed if I had to hear it every day! Lumiere, both in the original edition and at the Christmas edition, was smooth and elegant, but here he is a womanizer and bland twit! Cogsworth, despite being the housewife she is famous for, is a complete and unbearable character I would say! He always seems to find that unbearably grating hole of his very difficult in this and whose watch must really have been used to go back in time to the unforgettable two films of this series! Poor and poor Mrs. Potts was not brought to life by Angela Lansbury (one of my favorite classic actresses), but by Anne Rogers, who did not catch anything of Mrs. Potts's character, without offense to her! Not if she did her best! When the beast roars, it sounds so horribly false, clearly no additional roars, growls or growls through a microphone. I am aware that this is only a third feature after two other films so of course it would not be as good but I am sure that a larger contribution would not have hurt Disney artists who actually managed to achieve animation styles over the years. It's okay, I guess, and I watch it sometimes only when it suits me. It is very difficult to make a recommendation for you to read this because it depends on how old you are but remember that this will not be at all what you can expect following the previous spectacular movies! And to think that in my video, the text on the back cover said "brilliant animation"! It's a good little movie, but on the one hand it's also very bad, and on the other, those 3 words should have been saved for the next re-release of the original!
