SPOILER WARNING: There are a few minor spoilers in this review. Do not read beyond the first paragraph if you plan to see the movie. <br /> <br /> The Disney Channel currently has a policy to make a lot of movies and show one per month on the cable channel. Most of them are mediocre and monotonous, having some good elements but still being a disappointment ("Megaplex Phantom", "Stepsister From Planet Weird", "Zenon: 21st Century Girl"). From time to time, they do something very, very good ('Genius', 'The Other Me'). But from time to time, the Disney Channel makes a big mistake and gives us a real scent. This month (December 2000), the Disney Channel featured "The Ultimate Christmas Present," which I found dreadful due to poor writing and poor acting. Apparently, `The Brainiacs.com 'was taken out a few days before Christmas to make a jump on the holiday because the plot has to do with toys. They even paid for a feature on the TV Guide, so I thought it should be better than the norm. I was in complete shock. Only Disney's "Model Behavior" was worse than that. <br /> <br /> The plot was more exaggerated than normal. I usually leave this slide, but here goes too far. Matthew Tyler gets very sick of his widowed father spending most of his time at work. His father owns a small toy factory that made big loans on a scrupulous bank to stay afloat. Over and over again, his father has to skip the plans he makes with his son and daughter. Matthew decides that the only way he can spend time with his father is if he becomes the boss and orders him to stay at home. He has a brilliant idea to create a site where kids from all over the world can find and send him a dollar to invest in a computer chip his sister is making up. This whole concept is full of fallacies. When children send in millions of dollars, Matthew opens the bank account of his own company and buys most of his father's company stock. He is the secret boss, but he does not reveal it to his father, but presents himself at council meetings as a cartoon image through a computer. This image itself is so complex (and ridiculous) that it is not possible for someone to create it at home, let alone someone who looks as stupid as Matthew. To shorten the plot, Matthew orders his father to spend more time having fun and doing things with his children, but a federal agent appears asking about Matthew's company, since she is fraudulent. <br /> <br /> very wrong here. As mentioned, the material they do here is impossible even for the true geniuses, which these children are not. The website, the cartoon image, the computer chip, even the things being taught at school, are far too advanced for these kids. The acting of the majority of the cast, especially Kevin Kilner, is terrible. Some familiar faces are wasted. Dom DeLuise plays the evil bank owner, but his share is disposable. He has a good scene with Alexandra Paul (which shows that she has the ability to act) in which he explains his motives, but nothing more. And Rich Little is wasted in a small role as judge. There are even some offensive and unnecessary for anti-Russian jokes. But the greatest atrocities are the hard-hitting themes. These themes appear in many of the Disney Channel films, but never before have these ultra-conservative messages been played with such force. The typical idea of ​​"overworked father" is really pushed, and after giving it inappropriately in "The Ultimate Christmas Present", see the bad mood again. Family relationships are important, but Disney needs to stop with this endless preaching, because working is also important to maintaining a viable family. Except for the cancellation of activities thanks to work, the father did not seem that bad, but I found it offensive when his grandmother told him: "I do not like what I see." Equally bad is the preaching of the idea that all parents should marry if they want to raise their children properly. Enter Alexandra Paul, whose character, though important to the plot, exists only to be the love interest for the father. This offensiveness only proves that Disney's brain intelligence does not have the brain to prevent scraping from the bottom of Disney's draft barrel. Instead of letting this movie teach your kids to commit serious cheats, wait for the next Disney Channel movie. It has to be better than that. Zantara Score: 1 out of 10.
