I strongly agree with some of the other critics of this film. I found it incredibly silly (at best) and frankly misleading, misinformed and damaging (at worst). Like others, I found this film to be a terrible mix of "real" science and pseudo-scientific New Age propaganda. As a psychologist, I was especially offended by the contributions of Candace Pert. It's true that I was not a fan of her before this movie, but her discourse on cell "consciousness" was one of the best examples of getting a term ("consciousness") that has a predictable meaning for most people, in such a distorted way that it obscures rather than clarifies. It is an old Orwellian mind that the master himself described so well in his superb essay "Politics and the English Language." Referring to "consciousness" in this way - in fact, referring to this film as "science-based" in general (which is its clear intention) - is to use language in the same way as Stalin used when he labeled his states enslaved "democratic republics" and Hitler when he called his party "socialist workers." <br /> <br /> I do not mean to really understand quantum physics. I know enough about this to know that to really understand it would require considerable study. Oh, but we Americans love "instant lighting," and that's what this film error tries to accomplish. If he asked questions, that would be one thing, but he clearly tries to ask and ANSWER them, which no movie could do simply because we are far, far from the answers (if any). <br /> By the way, ethically, this film needed a statement on the association of several "expert commentators" with Maharishi Mahesh Yogi (and TM), not to mention JZ. Knight, who often speaks in his voice "Ramtha". (I am always amazed at the terminology and concepts of the 21st century channeled Atlantean superman.) But again, this film argues that the past, present, and future are all one and the same, so if Ramtha existed in Atlantis there 10,000, I suppose he could exist now and tomorrow, but how come his financial advice was so incredibly bad for his followers? Oh, I forgot, I am the creator of "good" and "bad" counsel, then it is all my fault, not Ramtha's. <br /> <br /> What a mess.
