A definite no. A resonant NO. This movie is an absolute failure. Having been recommended by a friend for this sort of thing, I watched this movie with some anticipation of being informed, changed, moved, altered, exalted, and all the other positive mystical things that could happen to me when suddenly I see the truth. Now this may sound like someone who is already predisposed to pooping anything that deals with the metaphysical / physical boundaries of existence. Believe me, I'm not such a person. I try to be open about any presentation and then decide accordingly. In terms of content, the only thing I found slightly interesting and informative was the little about peptides, emotions, addiction, and cellular receptors. That was the only "unifying" element I found in the documentary part of this film. The rest of the documentary rambled around on various topics and never seemed to unify and coherently, try to tie and conclude to a point. And what was all that about the Native Americans not being able to see the ships that Columbus came? Who told the "authorities" in this film that this was what happened in 1492? Where are they too? If they compared this to the scientific work being done on visual cognition (the famous gorilla video, for example, visit the Visual Cognition Laboratory on the University of Illinois website), there may have been a more compelling point. Here, however, he looked like a mystic mumbo-jumbo without support. <br /> <br /> Like a movie: it was not a movie, it was two. I found the part of the documentary to be slightly interesting just to hear people talking about what they were talking about (I was annoyed that their credentials were not presented at the bottom of the screen when they spoke, at least initially!). "story" part of the film with Matlin in it annoying, disconnected, intrusive, unrelated and downright stupid. That part of the Polish wedding with that dance was not at all funny. He was laughable, ridiculous, Estonian and stupid. And I found the use of the word "Pollack" offensive. It seemed so out of place and wrong. Is this use acceptable because a member of the group uses a pejorative term to refer to the group because he or she is a member of the group? This may be good for making a point, but it does not seem to be used that way here. And in any case, I do not care about the reason, it offended me, a Pole. I never call myself or I refer to my ethnic background as "Pollack". And I certainly do not like it when others like it. Can I watch or hear an intolerant conversation in which this term is used? You bet! But again, this does not seem to be the case here. It seemed so out of place. Depleted, not mitigated. <br /> <br /> The performance was abysmal. Elaine Hendrix's performance was totally unbelievable. At times, it seemed that she was reading the lines that had just been given to her. Marlee Matlin mostly seemed to be asleep walking about this whole thing. Maybe she was baffled by the material. I know I did. If she was supposed to be portraying an unbalanced, anxiety-prone discontent, she simply did not seem to click. But by far the worst in the world was Hendrix! All in all, I found this a disjointed, badly shaken piece of clap-trap.
