It seems that the creators of this film had difficulty deciding what their message really was. Consequently, they had even more trouble delivering it. They began by misunderstanding the principles of quantum physics that relate to subatomic particles. Having established a diffuse image of Heisenberg's Principle of Uncertainty, they presented a flood of talking heads that constructed a case of ridiculous logic, implying that every living person is an entity that follows the same quantum rules on a cosmic scale. Then there was a lot of talk about ideas about which Stephen Covey and Tony Robbins made their careers: positive thinking, disruption of bad standards, always looking at the bright side, etc. Next came a bit about how our brains can change our bodies through the production of proteins: hormones we more or less choose to create. If you are sad, you will create sad proteins. If you are happy, you will create happy proteins. It's so simple, is not it? Intertwined with our lessons, we follow the fictional life of Amanda, a photographer who appears with antidepressants and hates her thighs. The filmmakers, slowly but surely, were trying to get everyone to say, "Hey, Amanda, just cheer up!" Why can not she cheer up? Obviously, it's because the world is a bad place, where there is crime, poverty and religion, that's why. The conclusion of the film (which is basically the whole second half) brought a flood of contradictions. We are all part of an energy where we are not beings, but a collective consciousness, but we are individuals who can change the world, but there are many of us because of all the different dimensions, but we can choose who we are, and we have a purpose to do good, but there is no god because there is nothing better than us, then there is no such thing as right and wrong, then there is no such thing as reward or punishment, then nothing is good already left the religion, but we should still do good, even if there is no good and bad, because there is no one to decide what it is, except that each of us can make a good life if we all meditate and then crime it will cease, and if we say good things, our water will freeze in beautiful forms. Still with me? Good because there is more. According to Robert L. Park in his book "Voodoo Science," the whole John Hagelin meditation experiment in Washington, DC, was a farce, the numbers were adulterated, and the homicide rate was higher that year. . And your positive attitude keeping you young and healthy? This was a message delivered by an older man who looked like his age and a woman who was overweight. <br /> <br /> So does all this work or not? I was fortunate to see the movie in a theater where Betsy Chasse, one of the film's three directors (yes, three), asked questions after the show. I call myself lucky because I have firsthand confirmation that these people do not know what they are talking about. Several of the questions asked by audience members made her so perplexed that her husband, a chiropractor, had to intervene and recite the answer. I finally had to leave when the discussion inevitably became political, and everyone, including Chasse, began speculating on how wonderful the world would be if President Bush could see this movie.
