This was a low quality movie, with a lot of nonsense and lots of loose ends to tell. I just watched this movie because one of my favorite actors (Ron Livingston) made a special guest appearance, and I kept watching, because as a girl, I love any movie that includes male nudity for a change. Later on, I wondered how ridiculous the story could be, and more ... more ridiculous. Sean Crawley (beautiful Chris L. McKenna, whom I've never seen before - but loved his little nudity scene) is making expenses as a painter when he meets electrician Duke Wayne (George Wendt of "Cheers"). Thinking he's getting more work from Duke, Sean agrees to meet with hired Ray Matthews (Daniel Baldwin, playing a stereotypically evil guy). Ray is being investigated by a City Hall accountant (Ron Livingston in a special guest appearance, which I have loved since "Office Space" to "Sex & the City"). Ray ends up offering Sean $ 13k apparently desperate for money to kill the accountant, and Sean accepts the job. Sean pursues the accountant, whose wife (Kari Wuhrer) he is drawn to, completes the coup and leaves - carrying the information file against Ray with him. Sean quickly discovers that he was being used, that Ray never intended to pay him, and Sean uses the file as a lever to get his money. <br /> <br /> Up to this point, it's a downward movement ... generally worth watching. But as soon as Ray, Duke and his team kidnap Sean to take the information out of the file, he ends up getting dumber and dumber (and still DUMBER ...) until it finally seemed like the writer of the movie, Charlie Higson, had come out of a 10-day hangover and realized that he desperately needed to figure out how to end the series of implausible messes he created before a deadline or something. Without simply detailing the film, let's just say that in all the scenes you watch after the abduction, you find yourself panting "what about ** K!", Confused with the absurd going on as Sean follows a rather graphic and coarse path toward redemption. In the end, so many loose things are left in the movie, you begin to regret having watched it. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that you should only watch after playing the cable, and you should have enough beer and friends around to mock the movie for its full value. It's supposed to be a psychological thriller, and McKenna is a decent actor, but it's hard to give in to the movie when you have "Norm" from "Cheers" and a Baldwin brother doing the dirty work, and a kidnapping strategy that really does not make any damn sense . The guys will love the scenes of violence, blood and guts, and the absolutely unnecessary sex scenes and breasts shots. The girls will enjoy Sean's beautiful crotch in a traditional movie, when it's almost always the girls who are stripped into a movie. Personally, I hate that the only actor worth seeing for more than his appearance (Ron Livingston) is only in the first third of the film.
