Oh, how do we have a flaw here? a movie so bad that your mind will marvel and move away to other things as it wastes your time with weak brain production values; character stereotypes of the worst and racist type since D.W. Griffith referred to the Chinese character in Broken Blossoms as "the yellow man"; characters so unimaginable and uninteresting that it is difficult to watch as well as a narrative that advances in such a slow, stupid and meaningless rhythm that you will question the very people who say they like this movie. Prizzi's Honor is a film that ends up being an absolute postmodern disaster in every way possible. The film is a confusing and senseless disaster that John Huston directs; Kathleen Turner and Jack Nicholson looking and everyone else filling in the gaps like stupid stereotypes or supporting characters who cry on a phone once in a while or fight with a main character. Prizzi's Honor is a film that fits into a genre of neo-noir, comedy, romance, action, gangster and crime in general? this twinned with your director and cast should be enough to propel you through some kind of story; some sort of sequence of good scenes; some kind of intelligence in the form of a script or something else, but no? what we have is a nasty and ugly movie that revolves around absolutely nothing. <br /> <br /> I'll give you some examples of how this horror movie really is of poor quality. First, the film thinks it's a love story and thinks about it for about an hour of its time: of my time. Charley Partanna (Nicholson) is a killer who kills people for a family he works in New York and yet he resembles the character of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest more than an international hitman. He meets and falls in love with Irene Walker (Turner), who is another killer and they get along, but as the poor excuse for a plot unfolds, it seems like everything is not right. I read that the plot for this movie is: "A professional assassin and a successful woman fall in love, only to find that each of them has been hired to kill the other." Well, yes, this is true, but the actual revelation does not happen until about twenty minutes to the end! Nicholson plays Partanna as someone with an IQ of 60: he walks around; apparently making observations and speaking aloud about the things he sees; he talks like he's drunk or has a more serious problem inside and worst of all, we never feel he's a killer? a very poorly filmed murder from the start (what happens on the screen) is not enough to suggest that this guy is a tough man, one of the best, the best international hit-man. <br /> <br /> So with a main character who is not nice and unrealistic, we move to the script. The first hour and a half is just a cinematic dead zone with what there is to suggest traces of life merely bad conventions: Partanna crouches on the phone or in person, asking the same things over and over again: "I marry her? What is love? What do I do? "and it gets so repetitive that it can not even act like a good mood. That coupled with the way he always seemed to be on the phone with someone: a girl named Maerose Prizzi (Huston) played by director John's daughter; which served absolutely no purpose for the plot and seemed to be there for laughs as was the scene in which she tells her father about how she slept with Partanna and loved it ?? That made me think, should this be funny? Should I be laughing? The film looked like a clever image of the mafia, with the initial scene of a marriage ("The Godfather") and consequent scenes with a touch of noir, as gangsters, cops and assassins were introduced in the film. But what we have is something very, very different. <br /> <br /> The second hour revolves around some kind of kidnapping plan; Right, love and romance are treated ?? maybe the movie kicks off. I was very wrong: with more characters continually speaking very slowly and deliberately in a monotonous way, we have a kidnapping scene involving a guy coming out of his office: this scene sums up the movie. Everything is briefly planned and then run in a heavy and stupid way that just makes it seem extravagant. We can not see them coming to some dramatic music; maybe they have to go through security to get to the elevators; maybe they have to be careful with civilians when they hide in their chosen places and when that random woman leaves the elevator and the shot occurs ?? the scene is not edited correctly. Some suspense, some drama: "Do I shoot or not?"; maybe some slow movement as the character has to draw fast before it's too late? nothing but how it was actually executed. Prizzi's Honor continues its decadent monotonous and uninteresting obsession with film as it approaches climax. It is a film in which the cameras reflect in the windows; the lights reflect on the sides of the cars and the "dead" drivers blink when pressed. Prizzi's Honor is a confusing and messy movie that will try the patients of any moviegoer and do not say it was a comedy because I did not laugh at it ?? It's another matter. The film is repetitive, drawn and colorless in its vision and scope for originality - there is no honor here.
