After seeing MIDNIGHT OFFERINGS I'm still convinced that the first decent movie about witches (teenagers) has yet to be done. I did not think much about THE CRAFT and I'm not into CHARMED, either. The only movie that I liked the most (about teenage witches) was LITTLE WITCHES (1996), and even that was not very good. But the changes are that if you liked all of the above mentioned movies, you will also enjoy MIDDLE OFFERS. <br /> <br /> I was expecting a silly, tacky movie in the early '80s about teenage witches in high school. But I was quite surprised that this whole movie is serious enough. The acting is decent and serious all the time. No joke is being played by teenagers or anything. And the musical score, at first, I found very good. It added a bit of fear and also something "elegant", with the use of menacing violins and everything. But as the film progressed, I came to the conclusion that the score was very ambitious. They did not have to add those menacing violins when you just saw someone picking up a car and then driving off at normal speed. <br /> <br /> So there's Melissa Sue Anderson, which was the main reason for me to see this movie. A few weeks ago, I saw her in HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME, a very nice horror movie, full of plots (and goofy on some occasions) that she had done in the same year as MIDNIGHT OFERINGS. And I must say she was very good as the cold, icy witch Vivian. But the main problem of the film is: almost nothing happens! Vivian causes a death and an accident, yes, but that's it. Then there's Robin, the good witch, who's just learning about her powers. And we expect them to use their powers more than once, but on only one occasion they use their powers to make a few pieces of wood and other things fly through the air like projectiles. Should this be a fight between two powerful witches? And what's worse, I was hoping to see a spectacular show-down between the witches at the end of the movie with at least some special effects, flaming eyes or anything else ... but nothing happens. There is a kind of confrontation in the end, but it's a big disappointment. <br /> <br /> So the acting of the two witches was good. The score was decent (albeit overly ambitious). And the cinematography was rather dark and moody at times. But that does not make a good movie yet, does it?
