There is nothing particularly original about this story of corrupt unions on one side and the "chief prosecutor" on the other. The austere but unimaginative illumination and photography derive from the noir cycle. The story could easily have come out of a Warner Brothers drawer, with George Raft leading the way. The performances are routine, the direction flat, and even the surface set. (An alley is shown by a single wall of simulated brick plaster.) There is a poster about it, "Post No Account".) We are introduced to the story and some of the characters by a portentous narrator who informs us. that while most unions work hard and honestly to promote the causes of their members, some are corrupt. But we do not really know much about the unions or how they operate, though I suppose they were a fair game after the success of "On the Waterfront" a few years earlier. Here they are just a peg to hang the tale. The true leader of the ring is a lawyer who throws things out through three or four bad guys. The District Attorney discovers, as Dana Andrews did in "Boomerang," that the wrong man (Dick Foran) is accused of murder and spends the rest of the film almost alone, digging up evidence of Foran's innocence . He gets into fights and fights like any private movie cheap eye. <br /> <br /> Brian Keith is D.A. He has shown some insinuating demonstrations of talent elsewhere, but here he spends most of his time talking softly and staring at the floor. Elisha Cook, Jr., is a nice rummy, but can not make a good drunk. Beverley Garland is fine, but is hurt by the direction, which leaves her open-mouthed in a nightclub when she should be stealthy. The rest of the cast would be suitable for a TV series. <br /> <br /> And no one is helped by writing. When a "B girl" is about to be sent by the union mafia to the Filippines, someone advises her that she only needs to learn a few words in Spanish. "I only know one word," she says, "Yes, yes." The writers did not trust the public to know that "yes" in Spanish means "yes". The plot is clumsy and has holes. Keith visits a witness at his apartment in a nightclub. He enters the door and has a gun stuck in the back by a yegg, but he overcomes the heavy one and knocks him down. Then orders someone to call the police. The rest of the scene, played in the downstairs nightclub, forgets all about the police and they never show up, nor are they expected by anyone. <br /> <br /> It's nothing to be ashamed of, and some people may like this, but there are similar things, better done, in other places.
