A group of hunters track down a werewolf, kill him, decapitate him, and then sell his head to the unethical Dr. Atwill (played by director / writer Tim Sullivan) who runs a private clinic specializing in corneal transplants. Research chemist Rich Stevens (Mark Sawyer), whose eyes were destroyed when acid flew into his face during a lab blast, is the unlucky recipient of the werewolf's eyes. It takes a while to get to the first full moon, so first we have a love story between Rich and his compassionate nurse Sondra Gard (Stephanie Beaton). Sondra is so compassionate that she takes off her clothes and starts to put Rich in bed before he has a chance to remove the bandages! After a month in the hospital, Rich returns home with his icy wife Rita (Deborah Huber), who promptly tells him "You look really ugly" before speeding up on your Kia. Our hero soon discovers that Rita is not just a slut, but an adulterous villain who is having an affair with her supposed friend Craig (Lyndon Johnson). Finally, the full moon rises and Rich finds himself in a difficult situation when he turns into a werewolf (very silly-looking) creature. A predictable carnage follows. <br /> <br /> After tearing Craig's throat on a beach, Rich wakes up in the woods the next morning in his ragged clothes and vague memories of the events of the night. He befriends psychic / occult dwarf expert Andros (Kurt Levi) and is bothered by both local author Siodmak (Jason Clark) and lesbian detective Justine Evers (Tarri Markel). When Rich confronts Dr. Atwill, the doctor sends his bald sadist Kass (Eric Mestressat), who gets kicked out of dismembered corpses with a machete at the clinic, behind him. With the help of Sondra, Rich manages to escape. Sondra takes him back to his place and basically rapes him on the couch during a sex scene that lasts about five minutes. Will Rich be able to control his lycanthropy or find a cure for it before he claims more victims? <br /> <br /> Shot on the cheap with a camcorder, this homemade werewolf movie has a somewhat unique premise with the eye transplant angle, but cliché appears after cliché otherwise. The sets are sub-pornographic - the scenes from the clinic seem to have been filmed inside someone's house or apartment. The wolf transformation scenes do not even look as good as the time-lapse photography used in the 1940s. Instead, they employ irregular editing. Throw some hair on the actor. Cut. Play some more. Cut. More skin ... and fill your mouth full of white goo that he can spit. Cut. No need to worry about continuity! There is no fading, no dissolving, nothing. It's really sloppy. Once completely transformed, the werewolf fantasy (designed by Jeff Leroy, who also edited and filmed the film) is pretty awful. It has red, bright eyes of Christmas bulbs, fur that looks like a rug and a plastic face that is almost completely still. There are several times you can see the cameraman's fingers in front of the camera lens, and does the moon really get full five nights in a row? As far as the cast is concerned, they are amateur but tolerable. And as far as horror films B are concerned, there are worse things out there. This one has a reasonably good pace, is only 70 minutes long and provides plenty of red material during the attack scenes, as well as the already mentioned Mrs. Beaton T & A. <br /> <br /> It was produced by David S Sterling (CAMP BLOOD), who was one of the first to surf the wave of digital video when he began to dominate the low-budget / independent horror genre scene in the mid-1990s Many of his notoriously terrifying productions were released by Brain Damage Films, a label to be avoided like the plague most of the time. Rapper Jeff Leroy (who is listed as co-director here on IMDb but not in the actual credits of the film) and Vinnie Bilancio (who appears in a small role as one of the hunters) continued to make the film much more fun and polished. A WEREWOLF IN PROMON OF A WOMAN film in 2006, which had a similar creature on display (bright red eyes and all).
