This adaptation, as in 1949 * The Heiress *, is based on Henry James' novel. * The Heiress, starring Olivia de Havilland, remains a highly respected work, though less faithful to James' original story than this new remake, which retains the original title of James. It is the story of a clumsy but loving daughter (Leigh), dedicated to her father (Finney) after her mother dies during childbirth. The arrogant father does not consider his daughter and considers her, like all women, of simple mind. When a young man (Chaplin) of good family and little fortune comes courting, the Father is naturally suspicious, but feeling so sure that his daughter can not interest anyone, is convinced that the young man is a hunter of fortunes and prohibits. to see you. Is Leigh a controversial actress? Do most people want to love or hate it? and she always has a certain nervousness and tension in her style, as if acting with clenched teeth. Is not she bad at it, and does she handle her role relatively deftly? is just a weird role for any actress, making the public want to grab the character by the shoulders and shake it until she regains her wits. Although the character gets a lot of sympathy, she is not particularly nice. The very handsome and immensely attractive Ben Chaplin (formerly seen in The Truth About Cats and Dogs) plays his part with the exact amount of mystery necessary to keep the public guessing if he is after his fortune or is really in love with she . Maggie Smith is one of the best live actresses and raises considerably the level of the film with her interpretation of the well-intentioned aunt. Finney is wonderful, of course, as the father who threatens to disinherit his daughter for his disobedience, but the daughter is willing to risk it for the man she loves. But does your ardent suitor still want you without your fortune? This is just one example where * Washington Square * differs from * The Heiress *. Another example is the ability to stay with it. It is a beautiful movie that is as tedious as a dripping tap, offering very little history in a movie too long.
