Edwin Porter's 1903 short film, titled "The Great Train Robbery," appears on the screen with so much emotion and ingenuity that it prepares to be surprised by another pioneering film. Like Melies' "A Journey to the Moon," critics have hailed it as the movie that introduced the Western genre into modern cinema. In my eyes, they were right. Had everything from the planning, the train robbery, the murder of an unwanted civilian, and that final scene that makes you realize that these villains mean business? it was all monumental for his time. From here to Eastwood, all western filmmakers used Porter's image in some way to create their own story. It can not be said that this movie did not open the door, but the fight comes from the story itself. The genre was defined by Porter, but out of his initial excitement? there really is nothing to grab. Maybe I'm tired of the cliche of modern Westerns and their casual messages, but how can something be cliché before it's clich? For me, "The Great Train Robbery" seemed forced, impossible to track and not surprising. <br /> <br /> Unlike Melies, Porter tells a very linear story. Thieves change the course of a train, steal and then shoot random people just to prove they are the real villains, and the final scene ends like any predestined movie, without surprises or failures, and that man with a gun pointed at his proverbial face. It's not funny. Porter's movie is annoying. In the issue I watched, there was a color addition near the end to emphasize the emotion, which seemed cheap and did not encourage the filmmaker or the viewer. The point remains that, while it is important, Porter's film was borrowed again and again, it actually got diluted. The story itself does not carry the emotional power it once had. Unlike Melies' opening movie, I can not watch it again. I know what happened, I know there is very little missing behind the scenes, and that finally is exactly what it set out to be ?? a simple story that leads from point A to point B to point C. This question is not only my complaint with this film, but also the strongest element to see in such an old film. While it was boring, the fact that he told such a strong narrative? that our characters were characters with motives and impulses, it was great to see. In a time when non-fiction films seemed popular, this broke the mold. Again, not that I'm jumping on the prophetic movement about this movie? Is it an important movie? Not a great movie. <br /> <br /> Overall, I was anxious to get into this movie to see where the roots of the Western genre were planted, but I was equally happy to leave that movie behind. . Porter is a talented director and G.M. Anderson obviously went on to have a lot of success in the field set up, but I was not impressed with the film. I did not expect big budget effects like Melies, nor did I expect a copy of "A Journey to the Moon", but I wanted to see the same creativity, exploration and originality. I felt that Porter knew this, if this can be said with such an old movie, but I could not feel the excitement as our villains did their evil deeds. I was not rooting for anyone, and the final conclusion proved that the cafuné had finished minutes after the movie began. It was a pioneer, but not monumental. "The Great Train Robbery" has lost its space in the movie time capsule. <br /> <br /> Note: ** out of *****
