Before commenting on this movie I just watched on YouTube, I have to admit that the reason I checked this was to re-watch something I first saw in the TV ads in 1980: the neckline of Barbara Bach. And since the film received an R-rating, I expected to see her naked. Unfortunately, there is no data for her or for the other beautiful actress who appeared here: Stacey Nelkin, who was supposed to be a teenager, but actually she was 20 when she did it. Seeing her in a bra and panties and then in a belly dancer's outfit was as exciting as Bach's. They provide some of the scattered laughter that this movie offers. In fact, I do not blame Ron Leibman for having his name removed from the credits, since his role as the tight-fisted Liceman is quite embarrassing, although I did enjoy the "seduction" scene he did with Mrs. Nelkin. This also happens with the debut of Ralph Macchio, who is the loner among the misfits sent to a school at the academy. The others are a black boy who really loves his stepmother and Bach, an Arab who cultivates motor oil, and a son of a politician who loves both his girlfriend Candy (Nelkin's character), he runs the risk of sneaking in the middle of the night. in the girls' academy. Among the supporting cast, Tom Poston plays a swishy character named Sisson who I found partially entertaining. With a screenplay by Tom Patchett and Jay Tarses and direction of Robert Downey Sr. (whose son Robert Downey Jr. has an early involvement in a football scene), Up the Academy is patchy with politically incorrect humor, but unless you're really offended by the eschatological and sexual content, this is actually a harmless comedy that Mad Magazine and its trademark kid - Alfred E. Newman - should not be ashamed of, even though they had their name and character taken from the photo . Another of the "misfit" was Harry Teinowitz, who was born in my hometown of Chicago, Illinois. He played Rodney Ververgaert. He also says one of my favorite phrases: "I'm trying to come."
