Cartoon Network seems to be desperate for reviews. Beginning with the cancellation of Samurai Jack, the network seemed to be committed to removing all the programs that made it so popular, like Powerpuff Girls, Dexter's Laboratory, Dragonball Z, etc. When the rankings began to plummet, the CN began to put on pretty mediocre shows. Although Total Drama Island and Chowder stand out because of their clever writing and pleasing tricks to the public, there are many other gigs or terrible remakes (George of the Jungle) or other shows such as The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack where the title character acts as Spongebob, and then there is Johnny Test, which is a kind of substitute for Dexter's Laboratory, though it's much purer than anything. The characters in the program are clearly derived from Dexter's Lab, but this time around focus is on Johnny, a blonde (or fire-haired) character who torments his twin sisters, Susan and Mary, who have just appeared as Dexter, with the orange hair, the glasses, the impossible technology. There is even a rival genius called Bling Bling Boy or Eugene, who seems to be sitting for Mandark. Then there's Dookie, Johnny's best friend and talking dog, one of Dexter's experiments ... I mean, the first experiments by Susan and Mary. <br /> <br /> Dexter's Lab was probably one of the best cartoons on television, with its simplicity. but effective art style, lovely main character and episodes that do not seem to be a long drag. Johnny Test is very different. The art style here is not so pleasing to the eye. In fact, it looks absolutely awful. Characters have motives that make them really annoying or repulsive. Like most episodes in the series they consist of Johnny and Dookie's quest for confusion in the nearby girl Sissy, whom Johnny secretly likes, or the twins' obsession with a boy from the house next door. Seeing these two geniuses faint from the sight of the abdomen and the fact that Johnny seems to be someone you would NEVER want to associate with, there is no real connection between the viewer and the characters. <br /> <br /> One thing is the series. What explores most in his name is that Johnny is Susan and Mary's guinea pig for their experiments. These range from turning Johnny into fat, ugly, monstrous and even into female. The twins then help Johnny in whatever scheme he is planning in exchange for his services. Whenever there is an episode involving this kind of "win / win" agreement, it is usually undone in what it seems and those who do not completely leave the rails never finish satisfactorily. <br /> <br /> The writing ranges from mediocre. It's horrible, however. The 'fat' episode constantly repeats "It's the Phat with a PH. There's a difference, you know." which is a line that should never be repeated, especially when the episode seems to PROMOTE childhood obesity, with Johnny becoming a famous star with money and just fattening video games. <br /> <br /> Let's talk about how the show does not completely rip off Dexter's lab. The show appears in many characters, two Men in Black called Mr. Black and Mr. White, a military general who seems to need all his problems solved by Johnny and his sisters, and MANY super villains, though even here, the show again steals ideas from other sources, such as a teenage clone of Mr. Freeze, an evil cat with a butler who wants cats to rule the man (like the evil cat of the Powerpuff Girls), a maniacal maniac, a trio of evil skaters and even a Toupeira, who is probably the most cliche villain in the media. To complete, along with its ugly animation and characters that stand out, dubbing is either passable (like the voices of Mr. Black and Mr. White) to simply split the ears (Johnny, Dookie and almost all of the program's villains). The theme song seems to be the only catchy thing for this show, but then it was just remade a few episodes with a band that just ruined it. <br /> <br /> So in the end, Johnny Test is not a good cartoon. Her horrific references and jokes about teenage culture will dismantle young children's interest in the show, while her bright coloring, stolen characters and sweeping episodes will ruin the experience for teenagers. It's just another one of those bad shows that Cartoon Network is over promoting to trick people into watching (like MTV about rap). If you need a program that will satisfy your kids for half an hour, it's best to stick with SpongeBob because Johnny Test is more of a "test" of patience than anything else.
