There are no reasons to take this documentary seriously and there are four reasons for this: 1) The people who made this documentary (including the director and producer) are Serbian or of Serbian origin, so the criteria of neutrality fail. For example, they mentioned that Diaspora Croats (the so-called "Ustase") played a huge role in the fall of Yugoslavia, but did not mention that there were also equal Serbian organizations (Cetniks)! To you who are not so familiar with the history of the Balkans in World War II: The so-called Serbian "Cetniks" who were portrayed in the documentary are so kind they helped the British paratroopers during the war. Well, that's only half the truth. They were also a fascist group (monarch) who collaborated with the Germans, but changed sides when Hitler began to lose the war. It is also ironic that they do not mention Cetnik Mihajlovic's leader in the documentary, a man who is responsible for killing thousands of people and firing hundreds of villages across Bosnia and Croatia. But they mentioned a certain Ante Pavelic ... Hm ... Let me be a little suspicious. <br /> <br /> 2) Most people interviewed are totally unknown to me. And I studied this war for a long time (who is the old British lady !!! She really did not do her homework!) And they are not even presented by name so they could be more or less someone, maybe Someone who they out the street. Who knows. <br /> <br /> 3) In the documentary, they talk about Kosovo and about how the Serbs have lived there for a long time and therefore must belong to Serbia (although they are a minority). Well, when they mention the Serbian dominated part of Croatia (Krajina) suddenly the Serbs are portrayed as they have the right to live there because it has been their home for so long. Okay, but what people do not know is that the largest town of Krajina (Knin) has great historical importance for the Croatian people. It was there that one of the most celebrated kings of Croatian history (Zvonimir) was crowned and therefore the city has a historical value for Croatia. The Serbs arrived almost 800 years later! But no, the Serbs should have Krajina and Kosovo according to the documentary. Is this fair? To me, it seems a double standard of morality for the director. In addition, it is said in the documentary that the Croatian Constitution has no laws on the rights of minorities, this is a lie because it was one of the first laws implemented because of the fact that Croatia had a huge Serb minority. <br /> <br /> 4) The film mentions a radical Croatian paramilitary leader named Glavas. Or the Muslim radical Oric. They accused them of being a great reason for the negative development of war. Yes, they were radical, but if you want to talk about radicals, why not mention also the Serbian radical paramilitary leaders like Seselj and Arkan? There are so many flaws that I have just presented a few of them, just so people have an overview of the documentary. It seems that the people who made this documentary were not well prepared and did not have the courage to criticize the Serbs because they were afraid that their Serbian relatives would beat them or something. There are not many documentaries that are of good quality, but the best so far is "The Death of Yugoslavia", where all important participants in the war are interviewed (eg Milosevic, Jovic, Bulatovic, Tudman, Izetbegovic, Karadzic etc) and where you get a full 5-hour explanation of the fall of Yugoslavia and the war. <br /> <br /> Another thing. I saw a commentary on this documentary in which the person was frustrated about why the US gave support to a country (Bosnia) that had links with bin Laden during the war. Well, first of all, all the countries involved in this conflict had nationalist presidents and because Bosnian Muslims did not have an ancient ethnic identity (previously they were called "Croatian Muslims") they had to rely on something other than nationality to raise the spirit among the people, and that was binding them to the only thing they had in common: their religion. And they received help from the Mujahedin because no one else would support them. They had to fight the 4th largest army in Europe! They needed all the help they could get. Nationalism is the best way to unite a people during the war. History has shown us this.
