This is easily the worst Presley vehicle ever, which would bring us very close to the worst movie ever made. It's considerably worse than even the revolting song "Happy Ending" at the end of "It Happened at the World's Fair", and here I thought at that time that Elvis buys all the balloons from the seller to his girlfriend, and then the seller of jiggy balloons for the band was the epitome of bad cinema and could not be surpassed. I usually enjoy Elvis's random movie, if for no other reason, but the memories of a time when we were innocent enough to get through it. This, however, should be called "Live a Little, Wish You Were Dead a Little," and makes "Stay Away Joe" look like Olivier playing Othello. <br /> <br /> Here, Elvis plays Greg, who is essentially a free-lance hippie photographer, except for the Establishment haircut. After a fun morning of reckless driving, he winds up at the beach, where he is abducted by a woman whose name changes depending on the scene and who is talking to her. Clearly, Michele Carey was selected for her resemblance and ability to imitate Elizabeth Taylor (if I watched it without my glasses, I would have thought it was Liz in the late 1960s playing the female role). She sings her dog on Elvis until he runs into the water and picks up a convenient pneumonia in a movie, so she keeps him out of consciousness on his beach cushion for so long that he loses his job and his apartment, so she changes his stuff to the house before he wakes up without even telling him (the audience does not know it either, until Elvis tries to get back to work and his boss beat him for no reason except that he deserved to make this movie, and tries to go home and finds some Instead of arresting her for kidnapping, theft and assault, he leaves and gets two jobs to pay the late rent.Miss Crazy Pants had to sprout because of a robbery in his house. The first job is working for Don Porter in a Playboy magazine, the second job is upstairs working for Rudy Vallee in a snobby fashion magazine.I think the shuffle of two jobs is supposedly the comedy, pity that's not at all funny, unless you laughed the hundredth time you saw someone walking up and down fast moving stairs to silly music. The prevailing obstacle that keeps Greg from falling for his abductor is his other love interest, the terrible Dick Sargent (let's face it, or Porter or Vallee, even though they were advanced in 1968, they would have much more credible competitors for Miss Crazy ) There are a variety of uninteresting and bland twists, I've been waiting for something, anything that makes it all make sense. This never happened. The entertainment totals approximately three minutes and consists of Elvis's version of "A Little Less Talk" (which I can hear on CD without this painful movie inflicted on me) and a second amusing second in which Elvis falls on the sofa and seemingly Crazy Pants disassembled it so flies it all to pieces when it lands on it. That's it, people, broken furniture, the only laugh in this whole movie. No amount of clothing, music, or fashionable decor from the 60s can save this stinky one and should be avoided at all costs. Seeing this can create an unnatural desire on the part of the audience for self-infliction of serious bodily harm.
