When I was seventeen, I really believed that Elvis was the king of rock and roll, and not only did I want to see all 31 of his "character" films, but it was my ambition to own them as well. What an exceptionally poor excuse for a seventeen-year-old boy I must have been. Fortunately the direction prevailed and Live A Little, Love A Little is the only Elvis movie I own. <br /> <br /> The focus has fallen on this recently, since a remixed version of the song top A Little Less Conversation was released as a single. (His first to reach the top ten of the UK in 22 years - his first No.1 in the UK in 25) Even when I was seventeen and in need of psychiatric help, I realized that the songs in this film were not exactly first-rate . However, a little less conversation - rollnecks and 60s grooving aside - is a real highlight. Finding a lesser known song that only a relatively small number of people are aware of promoting in the mainstream produces a mix of emotions. It is good to finally see the faith in vindicated music, but it is also sad to see the disintegration of your own private worship. <br /> <br /> But what bothers me the most about this film is not A Little Less Conversation, but the 84 minutes that the surrounding In fact, based on a novel (Kiss My Firm But Pliant Lips - what kind of novel lame would it be?) This one sees a bored Elvis stuck with a dog "comedy" and a nymphomaniac. Within 90 seconds of meeting you, Michele Carey asks "Would you like to make love to me?" Very fast by any standard, I'm sure you'll agree. <br /> <br /> I remember that some of Elvis' earliest films - most notably Jailhouse Rock and King Creole - were not so bad, but that's just like the cobblers. Getting fired from a newspaper job can lead to a five-minute karate fight with a couple of gingernuts, causing a highway pile is good for a laugh and models dressed as pink mermaids. There is even a dream sequence for the love of God. Maybe the only dumb stereotype that does not agree is not having so many songs. With only four to choose from, including the number of credits, you're expecting an average of 22 minutes between tracks. Some movies would become tasteless by having lots of songs, but here they could have helped numb the pain. Of the three remaining tracks, then The Edge of Reality is not all that bad, although Elvis's dance has certainly been called "The Bear Trap." <br /> <br /> In a sense, for a certified PG film of 1968, then this is shockingly loud in sexual content. Unfortunately, however, with the talking dogs, the values ​​of Central American comedies and the hardest dance you've ever seen, Elvis's dignity is obliterated by this film.
