Finally the day came for me to witness the perpetuation of Azumi's fate as a murderer, the enjoyment of her character, and the final attempt to bring me deeper into the world that she had shaken so mercilessly during the first saga. <br /> <br /> This is as poetic as I'm going to talk about Azumi 2: Death or Love because when I cringed over the heavy sentimentality of the House of Flying Daggers and complained about Aya Ueto's credibility as a bloodthirsty killer, after watching Azumi I began to appreciate the deficiencies mentioned earlier more than ever before. <br /> <br /> Not only is each murderer's determination slow and uninspiring, but many important elements are also omitted from the whole experience. In Azumi 1, we saw the killers using various stealth tactics (which is their number one priority) as well as logic to make it easier for their brands to perform with quick executions and faster escape skills. But I will not hold this much against this movie as the story is slightly adjusted this time around and many other obstacles are put in Azumi's way to prevent her from reaching the warlord and showing any signs of charisma. By the way, Chiaki is foolishly shelved for most of the movie and is basically playing an understated version of Go Go, minus the cool weapon and threatening sensation. <br /> <br /> This brings me to the final blow that is the action, simply disguised in the title as the side of the "Death" of the epic. In the first half of the movie, we see the debut of many promising opponents with flashy looks and even more eye-catching weapons. To the surprise of no one, they find their end in one way or another, but the film falls short when each of them begins to die too quickly and too easily. In Azumi 1, the young killers were dominating the opposition with quick but somewhat satisfying battles, and the final clash between Azumi and Bijomaru, compared to the Azumi 2 fights, was at least a climax and worth it. Some interesting effects were introduced, but they failed to achieve innovation due to the lack of each encounter. I'm in no way overturning the conventional style of samurai movies with their quick, realistic battles, but the characters in both Azumi movies were so imaginative and out of the anime that the rules could have been broken and the action should have been enriched. The romantic side of Azumi is there to fill the time between the fight scenes and unfortunately in the end it serves no purpose nor provides much needed resolution. As a fan with an open mind for a wide variety of films and animations, I will not lie and I will admit my neutrality and inexpressiveness in relation to the first Azumi movie, but I will take a step in front and say that after watching Azumi 2, the original was made to look like a flawless masterpiece. For what it's worth, Azumi 2: Death or Love could have gone straight to the video, with its incredibly richer budget and a failed potential to add or even expand the bumpy journey of desperate killers, doing their best to restore peace , with an unwavering courage to die trying.
