I thought the movie (especially the plot) needs a lot of work. The elements of the film remain westernized and are not true for the attempt to produce an oriental feel in the film. I'll give you three of the film's many flaws: First, when Shen told Wendy he was going to help her study the history of China, I was very happy that the audience got something. information on the history of China; but it turns out that the film did not exactly show that Wendy was actually studying Chinese history; but instead the film only shows Wendy practicing the method of remembering what she studied, which frustrated me and discouraged me. <br /> <br /> Second, what really bothered me is how the characters kept talking about moon cakes. - Moon cakes and moon cakes and what good taste. However, they did not really mention the real meaning of it. The only ones they talked about that had any relevance to the moon cake was the Fall Festival, which they did not explain or deepen. They could have mentioned the myth that correlates with the moon cake - the Lady of the Moon. The myth begins with the way ten suns once existed and each would turn upward, but one day all ten suns rose, drying the earth with the increase of intense heat; then the Divine Archer, Hou Yi, fired nine of the ten suns, leaving only one sun (there are different versions in which the Hou Yi fired eight of the nine suns). Because of his heroic contribution, he received the pill of immortality to be able to live forever, in case the ten suns rise again, but his wife, Chang-O, stole it. After stealing it, she fled to the moon, where she met a hare. She then had an idea and told the hare to punch the pill into several pieces so she could spread the pill across the land, giving everyone immortality. (There are some variations of this story, but throughout my childhood, I, most of the time, heard about this version). I thought that details like this would make the plot more culturally oriented to Chinese. <br /> <br /> The last thing I'd like to point out is the last battle scene in the movie. The teachers who were possessed by the monks were fighting the Terracotta Warriors (the soldiers' statues in a way of life) against the idea of ​​how important Chinese history is to the Chinese. The Terracotta Warrant serves as a connection from China's past and was very Westernized (where evil must be killed in any way possible) that the movie monks were willing to destroy that connection. It would be understandable if Wendy, considering that she is Chinese-American and does not have the full Chinese knowledge, had no problem destroying these invaluable artifacts. <br /> <br /> The whole movie was Westernized because it seemed that all monks and Shen want to do is fight ... I mean, it is classified as TVPG due to violence, which goes against Confucius thinking of cooperation and harmony . It seems more accurate that the monks try to avoid violence and try to solve things peacefully before having to resort to violence. <br /> <br /> All in all, either the producer, writer or director did not do his research completely and did a messy and effortless job instead. I would suggest that they stop broadcasting this film or re-filming the film so it would contain more accurate information; however, I would give the credit (2 stars) to remove a stereotype of Asian and Asian Americans from being smart and quiet.
