I realize that living on the western plains of Wyoming during the 1900s was brutal, in fact, it's probably still brutal today, but was it monumental enough to turn into a seemingly "made-for-TV" movie? In addition, women's rights were still sprouting in this nation during this time, so to find an independent woman determined to start afresh in this hard territory, and still show the realism of the time? would you do for a good view? Honestly, I do not know. I've been thinking about this movie for the past two days, and I still can not muster the strength to say it was a horrible movie, but I can honestly tell you it was not the best I've ever seen. From various acting styles, from two mismatched actors who have no emotion, from some of the most horrific PG scenes to the late '70s, it's hard to get a good sense of the Heartland. Was good? It was bad? This may be for you to see and decide, but until then, here are the moments that I liked and hated desperately! <br /> <br /> This movie remains a struggle in my mind because there have been some very interesting scenes. Scenes where I was not sure what the director was doing or which direction he was headed, but somehow still seemed to work well as a whole. I thought the story as a whole was a very interesting historical tale. I do not know much about living in Wyoming, especially during the early 1900s, so this movie captured that image in my mind. The thought of very cold winters, no neighbors for miles and miles, and this Polaroid-esque view untouched by corporate America. It was refreshing to witness and be breathtaking to try (though the television). There were scenes that really stood out in my mind, such as the cattle scene, the pig slaughter scene, and the innocent namesake that did not survive their journey, which only brought a sense of realism to this story. Director Richard Pearce did a great job bringing the Wyoming view to the viewers, but I'm not sure if he brought the decent players to watch the show. <br /> <br /> While I will constantly commend the scenery of this film, I had trouble dealing with the actors who were apparently on the set and read their lines of letters on the side. Rip Torn seemed out of place in his role as Clyde Stewart, a loner who somehow finds a connection with Elinore Randall of Conchata Ferrell. The two actors have no chemistry whatsoever. Their scenes that they share are useless and honestly devoid of any emotion. The pregnancy scene almost left me in stitches because of the way these two "veteran" actors portrayed her. The brave Elinore does what she has to do to get the child off her, while Clyde nods when she finishes. This is Love? Should it be love? I do not know, I think with stronger characters we would have seen a stronger link, but with Torn and Ferrell, it seemed like two actors were just doing their parts. Other scenes that seemed to struggle in my mind were like when the frozen horse "knocks" on the door to eat or shelter, the constant and growing compassion that Clyde had for Elinore's daughter (I just did not believe it), the lack of real fighting winter and the whole earth scene. The scene of the earth, especially because I needed more explanations of what Elinore was doing, why she was doing it, and why Clyde would build a house for her if they were married! It was these simple events that, if they had time to explore, would have contributed to a stronger movie. <br /> <br /> In general, I will go to the middle of the road with this feature. There were definitely elements that should have been explored more deeply, such as the relationship between these two strangers and Elinore's ultimate goals, but they were fought with some beautiful scenes of our nation. These panoramic scenes that, in the space of 100 years, have changed from vast mountains to huge skyscrapers. Although there were some brilliant scenes of realism (starring cattle and pigs), I just felt like we needed more. Depth was a key element missing in this film, which was overshadowed by marginal performance and a declining story. Pearce could have plunged deeper into this unexplored world, but instead left open loopholes and Western characters cliches. Ferrell carried his own, but Torn was completely miscado. Decent for a viewing, but will not be picked up again by me. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** out of *****
