Joseph L. Mankiewicz's Sleuth did not need a remake. It's a well-made movie that holds up well today. However, given that the modern remake machine is currently in full swing; I really can not say that I'm surprised to see the movie updated to the modern audience. The plot remains identical to the original film and at its core we have the story of a young man, Milo Tindle, who goes out to see an older man, Andrew Wyke, to discuss a divorce as the youngest man is having an affair with the wife of the older man. From there, a game of cat and mouse follows. It is clear from the outset that director Kenneth Branagh wanted to add a different twist to this film and he does so through the central location that has been changed from the charming game house of the original to a technical marvel. with layers of safety equipment. I'm glad the director has chosen to make this change, because nobody wants to see a remake that directly copies the original; In addition, there is the fact that the place is well used and always good to look at. Unfortunately, however, the positive elements of Sleuth 2007 end there. <br /> <br /> The original movie lasted more than two hours, while this remake has only a shadow of more than eighty minutes. Of course, therefore, this means that this version has less about it; and unfortunately are the characters who suffer. The plot is also rushed and we get into the first turnaround in the story very quickly and before we are given any chance to really understand why and how these events may be taking place. The movie does not build the characters, or the relationship between them, enough to make sure their relationship makes sense. One important thing that has been changed about the older character is his obsession; in the original, he was obsessed with games that turned out to be very important after the twists came on the scene. Here he has some sort of security fetish that does not really mean anything until the end. The way Kenneth Branagh deals with the film allows for a class note, but the class ends there. The original thrived, but this movie is only happy to get dirty with expletives on numerous occasions, mostly unwarranted; that cheapen the whole thing. The final twist of the tale is completely different from how it was in the original and ensures that the film comes down to a really heinous conclusion. After spending two hours with the original I understood, respected and liked the two characters featured in the movie - after eighty minutes of it, I hated them both. I have some respect for Branagh for not just releasing a carbon copy of the original film; but this is not a good adaptation of the great play by Anthony Shaffer.
