Harold Pinter rewrites the classic play by Anthony Schaeffer about a man going to visit his lover's husband and make it all go to the side. The original film starring Laurence Olivier and Michael Caine. Caine plays the role of Olivier in this version and he is paired with Jude Law. Here the film is directed by Kenneth Branaugh. <br /> <br /> The acting is spectacular. Both Caine and Law are gangbusters in their respective roles. I really like the chemistry and the clash of personalities. It's wonderful and enough of a reason to watch when the direction of the script goes uncontrolled. <br /> <br /> Harold Pinter's dialogue is crisp and sharp and often very witty and I understand why he was chosen to rewrite the game (which is updated to make use of surveillance cameras and the like). The problem is that the way the script moves the characters is terrible. Michale Caine walks Law through her strange modern house with sliding doors and panels for no good reason. Conversations happen repeatedly in different places. I know Pinter did this in his plays, but in this case it becomes tedious. Why do we need to have the couple repeating the fact that Law is sleeping with Caine's wife? It would be okay if at some point Law said enough that we did this, but he does not act as if every time is the first time. The script also does not move Caine through his handling of Law as well. To begin with, he is blindly angry to begin with, so he has no chance to turn around and scare us. (No matter how late the revelation of the game makes you wonder why he bothered). In the original, we never suspected what was happening. here we do and while this gives an edge, it also feels false because it is so clear that we are forced to wonder why Law's Milo does not see that he is being assembled. There are a few other examples, but to put it more, I would give a lot. Thinking about the movie in retrospect, I think it's a film of missed opportunities and mistakes. The wasted opportunities are the chance to have better fireworks between Caine and Law. Difficulties in which the choice of an extravagant scenario and strange changes in the plot distance the creation of a tension and a credible thriller. Instead, we have some clever dialogues and great performances in a movie that does not let them be real. <br /> <br /> Despite some great performances and clever dialogues, this is only a 4 out of 10 because the rest of the script just does not work
