It's been ten years since I've seen one of the last two sequences of "Phantasm" - certainly due to my still vivid reminder that they are not very good. This being recognized to this day, I'm still a big fan of the first two parts, so I thought about going back and trying out the 'final chapters'. The third part is definitely the worst part of the series, since it obviously takes itself less seriously and puts a lot of confusing things that do not make much sense ... Again, starting right where the previous movie left us, Reggie saves Mike from the Tall Man who promises to return to him later, but things do not stay safe for long when they come across Jody, who is inexplicably able to take the form of a sphere. Apparently, his soul is held prisoner by the Tall Man, so Mike is then dragged into the sinister Netherworld two-pronged and Reg needs to find him ... Along the way, he meets a ten-year-old boy and a killer. holding a black girl named Rocky who helps him throughout his journey. <br /> <br /> There's really nothing memorable about "Phantasm III" beyond how stupidly and vigorously "good-tempered" it tries to be. Just a positive aspect that did not even help the film and that was the return of A. Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury, who reprized their roles for the first time since the original 1978 classic. The problem is that they practically make apparitions ... Reggie Banister, of course, is back in his starring role, but his clumsy and nauseous attitude makes his presence too irritating to like. Angus Scrimm also did not seem entirely "in" his role. He talks too much here and is far from threatening and frightening in contrast to the "strangeness" that the film seemed to carelessly resort to. The opinion of most people about this movie seems pretty impassive and they tend to think "it's still fun". Maybe I'm just a nit picker, but I just could not get into this. I remember not liking it when I was a child and after seeing it again - I can safely say - nothing has changed. Don Coscarelli shook the scene with his legendary low-cost film, Nightmare and Legendary "Phantasma," which I still classify as my favorite horror movie and its respectable sequel kept things moving and sombre surreal and GORY, but "Lord of the Dead "(stupid title) just seemed very rushed and hit me ... The inclusion of the two new characters, Tim and Rocky (the only thing missing was Scrappy Doo !!), was a strong indication of Coscarelli running out of ideas and seeing how far he could mount the franchise ... So it's a "Phantasma" movie with very little buttock, nudity, and quadruple shot weapons. Need I say more?
