* Contains a few spoilers * This movie is horrible from the 80s in all its horribility. The plot takes a long time to get off the ground, never stabilizes, and then simply falls about 40 minutes into the movie. There are some precious moments for zombie fans, but not enough zombies to create a real sense of terror. <br /> <br /> The zombies are also slow to appear. First, there is an entire half of a movie about crowds and prisoner gangs. The hero of the film is a former Vietnam veteran who is caught in the crowd. The chief mafia boss prepares him and he goes to jail. In this prison, they are experimenting with prisoners to find a way to heal them from homicidal tendencies and criminal behavior. But the badie's psycho / military chief scientist has other plans in mind. He wants to use a slightly different version of the serum to make .... da da .... super soldiers! After some infected prisoners kill some guards and most of the prison has a round of infected communion wine, the military / mad scientist says "hey, that could be a problem" and calls the great scientist who became investigative journalist. A woman-qualified independent personality who naturally invented the original serum. She goes to jail to see what's happening, the military calls some SWAT teams out of their safe position outside the prison, and the hero takes care of the few prisoners with a heart of gold when a riot explodes. The hero and scientist / journalist come together to find a cure, save the director's children, and deal with some angry, infected, and non-infected prisoners. Meanwhile, the mob boss made an agreement to enter the prison so he could save his imprisoned brother. The military prepares to blow up the site, and everyone inside runs to find a way out. <br /> <br /> There are many bloody scenes in which people are killed by being pressed or pulled by prison bars. There is also a scary beheading scene and electrocution scene involving the same infected rasta prisoner. Still, the most disturbing scene is the early part of the film, when a corrupt and corrupt guard rapes a prisoner. <br /> <br /> The main highlight of this film is a scene at the end. The hero, the woman and the children are trying to get to the only escape route. His path leads them to a long corridor, on one side there is a wall and on the other are the bars of the prison. Hundreds of bloody zombie hands arrive, gracing their hair and faces as they pass. There are also some good scenes from the classic "couple of zombies chewing fresh bodies" and "many zombies ripping a guy to pieces". Overall, it is worth watching if you are researching the zombie genre as it has so many zombie cliché worthy of note; is practically an instruction manual on what not to do when making a zombie movie. But if you're new to zombie movies and you want a real scare, you should look elsewhere.
