Wow, the plot for this movie is all over the place! There is so much plot and so many things happening that it pretty much made my head spin !! And as a result, none of this seemed particularly credible. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Kay Francis as a housewife who lives in a small town. She has had some experience with local theater and has ambitions to go to Broadway. When a great actor arrives in the city, she pursues him in the hope that he can give a boost to her career. But, her husband is worried about pranks - how stupid this actor is. Then the husband appears and hits the actor - and the actor dies! As a result, he is convicted of murder of first degree !!! No Homicide, but murder 1! Now, pregnant and needing funds, Kay goes to New York. But works on Broadway are not found, so she is forced to take any job - even Burlesque. Unable to properly care for her young daughter, she gives the other woman to raise. Eventually, however, she finds a job on a Broadway play and everything looks rosy. But the jealous diva starring the play hates her for some inexplicable reason and the force being thrown out of the play. Disheartened, she heads for England and becomes a true star. Years later, she returns to New York to get her child - but the child is older and thinks the woman who cares for her is her real mother. At the same time, her husband's lawyer now thinks that if he gets $ 10,000, he can get the man out of jail. As another reviewer wrote, is this to bribe people? How can $ 10,000 take it another way - maybe he'll buy a helicopter so they can fly to the prison yard and pick it up! Wow - this is enough for 2 or 3 movies! And all this happens by the mark of 45 minutes !!! Believe it or not, there's a little more to it. If you really care, see for yourself to find out how everything unfolds. <br /> <br /> This is like 'writing in the kitchen sink' - playing pretty much everything and hoping that somehow, everything works out. Unfortunately, the film turns out to be hopelessly unbelievable and limp despite Francis' best efforts. It's the kind of movie that no one could really have saved thanks to a second-rate storyline. It's almost as if someone picks up a few dozen elements of the plot, throws them in a box and then randomly chooses them to make a movie !! Overall, unless you're a die-hard fan of Kay Francis or love anything Hollywood did in the 1930's, that's one that you can jump easily. Not terrible, but certainly not good. <br /> <br /> By the way, the child who plays Francis's daughter when she returns to New York (Sybil Jason) was really terrible. I think she should be ... I guess.
