I do not know what it is with these Brady boys. First, Barry Williams publicly boasts of having sex with his TV sister, Maureen McCormick, and about dating his mother on TV, Florence Hederson. So Susan (Cindy) Olsen makes music for several porn movies. So Mike (Bobby) Lookinland gets into trouble for driving drunk. Finally, Maureen (Marcia) McCormick and Eve (Jan) Plum may have had a little sexual desire on the side. Now Christopher (Peter) Knight is chased by a beautiful young model in his early 20s during his season in "The Surreal Life," which at first was fun to watch, and now they are married and in a very long relationship volatile and hostile. The last episode, where she posed for a bunch of naked pictures with another naked girl for a scrapbook to give Christopher her birthday, was not a good move on her part. And he dealt with it in a very mature way, just picking it up and leaving it to clear his head. I think he was always bowing to all his needs and now he is finally taking a stand. And I hate to say that, but I think she abuses him verbally. The way she was torturing him for an engagement ring and the way she reacts to him for every little thing. She also talks openly about getting involved with other women and it is obvious that she still sleeps in him with women and men, which is not something any self-respecting human being should do when she is already married to someone. If this was a man talking to his wife like that, and going out every night at parties and having sex with other people, everyone would be joining behind his wife to leave him. Why this should be different. What began as a small passion for another reality show has blossomed into a huge disaster. Adrianne, as beautiful as she is, is like another Britney Spears and Lindsay Lohan, clearly needing some therapy because she cries like a baby because of so many silly things. I'm sorry for her, but Chris needs to get rid of her, because he's a good man who can not afford to be humiliated that way.
