When a movie has no less than FIVE different titles, it usually means several things and almost always means that the movie has major flaws somewhere. Necromancy has major flaws and is bad and bad. I saw the video version called Disciples of Rosemary. Yes, I'm sure it differs from other versions, but I'm not inclined to think that anyway any other version and the few minutes it may have - will actually be better. The story is perhaps the biggest problem: the movie begins with Laurie waking up and her husband taking her to a town where he has a new job at a toy factory for occultists (yes, it gets bad so soon!). The town is called Lillith and has a guy with a rifle on the bridge to make sure that only those selected by the "owner" of the city are allowed. Soon we discover that everyone who lives in Lillith is a witch and everyone follows the guidelines of Mr. Cato - the head of this municipal coven who wants his dead son back (hence the name Necromancy). People in the city do witch-like things - they have ceremonies, some like to use a goat's head, and promiscuity is plentiful (not much shown in this area), but none of these people are very good actors. Mr. Cato is touched in a robust way by the independently figurative and literally larger-than-life film, Orson Welles. Welles is poorly used, but make no mistake, he's the best thing in this movie. And that is really the saddest part of Necromancy, since Welles gives a very poor performance and pedestrian with little direction of direction. In a scene at a party, director Bert I Gordon keeps coming back to Welles by watching the party action using exactly the same pictures! It seemed ridiculous. Just like the scene that was repeatedly seen repeatedly in the arm of a woman centered in swirling flames after a car accident. It looked like the arm of a store mannequin. The story is never fully utilized because we never know what happens: many scenes are filmed as dreams or hallucinations and never confirmed. This also applies to the corny and mushy end. Pamela Franklin's leadership is daring and beautiful and has some talent. In addition to his performance, true choices from the rest of the cast, Welles. The direction and history were made by Gordon, who obviously had little gas in the engine. This is not a good movie under any name.
