For beginners and for the record, the term "Necromancy" describes the art of black magic to bring the dead back to life and does not in any way relate to sex with corpses. This is called necrophilia, and yes, I know that's an obvious difference, but I'm already getting many observations from acquaintances and relatives that I have a perverted taste in movies! This movie is completely the opposite of perverted or despicable, in fact, and only qualifies as annoying, inept and terribly bad. "Necromancy" makes at least one of the top five, which means the list of the most incoherent films ever made! Now director Bert I. Gordon is not exactly famous for delivering masterpieces (in his repertoire there are titles such as "Land vs. Spider", "King Dinosaur" and "Food of the Gods"), but he really excelled here with a totally meaningless, redundant and utterly pointless tale about witchcraft and small secret cities. Shortly after the tragic experience of seeing her baby born dead, Lori and her husband Frank move to the quiet little town of Lillith, where suddenly Frank was offered a prominent job in a toy factory. Lori is suspicious and feels an atmosphere of morbidity, especially with the city patriarch and Mr. Cato's "owner" behaving in a very intrusive and mysterious way. That's something else. How can one "own" a city and everyone in it? Anyway, Lori gradually discovers that everyone in Lillith is a witch and Mr. Cato drew her exclusively to the city because of her supernatural ability to resurrect the dead. For many years, Cato has been trying to bring his deceased son back to life and is prepared to make any human sacrifice. I honestly do not see the point of the whole movie. Is it a blatant steal of "Baby Rosemary"? one of the alternative titles is really "Disciples of Rosemary"? but the script is confusing and stupid beyond belief. Why can not anyone have children since Cato's son remains dead? This is very selfish! When, where and how did Lori suddenly learn to raise the dead? "Necromancy" definitely contains some genuinely strange and atmospheric moments, but these are accomplished by mere coincidence or by total lack of budget. Grainy photography provides the film with a weird environment and the sceneries seem cheap enough to be scary. The performance of Orson Welles? no doubt the low point of his career? It's unfortunate, and still is the best aspect about the entire movie.
