Gordon's only previous film I watched was the children's adventure THE MAGIC SWORD (1962), although I followed it soon after with EMPIRE OF THE ANTS (1977); he seems to be most remembered, however, for his science fiction work of the 1950s. Anyway, I came across this in a DVD rental store: I had not noticed the unmistakable figure of Orson Welles? in the manga, I probably would not even have bothered with it - since I know the movie under its original title, NECROMANCY! I had seen a picture of her in my father's old horror book: the actor's presence in a film about diabolism seemed like a great idea he could not miss, but the end result - particularly in this bastard edition - is a disaster! I sincerely felt sorry for Welles who seems bored and, instead of in his deep and dominant voice, he murmurs the demonic and empty invocations almost in whispers !! The storyline is basically another retread from ROSEMARY'S BABY (1968): a couple is invited to a remote community under false pretenses and soon finds themselves surrounded by devils. The girl, played by Pamela Franklin, ostensibly has supernatural powers (conveyed by the mother, who appears intermittently to warn her - although, as is done intensely through clenched teeth, the discourses of the latter end up being incoherent and the source of immense joy every time she shows up!) and is expected to relive the late Welles's young son of the dead !! Why it's worth it, Franklin - a regular genre, well below its debut performance in THE INNOCENTS (1961) - is not bad in its role (which requires some nudity and experiences several semi-scary hallucinations during the course of the film ); husband Michael Ontkean, however, is not up to the challenge of his character John Cassavetes-like. Some of the other girls also look good - notably Lee Purcell, whose late decision to help Franklin flee the city eventually proved his ruin. <br /> <br /> The events come to an incredibly confusing climax, which sees the Satanists finally turning against Franklin and have her take the place of the boy revived in the coffin (that's gratitude to you!). While the added scenes stand out (the hilarious opening ceremony and other erotic embellishments), the overall quality of the film would still have been poor without them; So again, this particular version is further sunk by electronic punctuation - which is totally inadequate and tacky to the extreme!
