As a teenager, I liked Bigfoot all over - I read the books and followed the reported sightings. As a weary adult, I've given up a lot of the Big Boy now, but I do not mind watching the weird movie when I come across one. This had some strengths - notably the re-creation of two of the most famous Bigfoot encounters - the Ape Canyon incident of 1924 and the Bauman incident of c.1850 as related to and by Teddy Roosevelt, both of whom I am somewhat familiar with Young reading I did. The film assumes that both incidents involved a sasquatch, while the two incidents have more plausible explanations, but the re-creations were well done. There are also paid honors at the beginning of the film in Patterson's famous video, again taking its authenticity as its truth. The sasquatch encounter at the end of the movie was also very well done and had a very scary feeling as the sasquatch were portrayed mostly in the shadows or as hairy feet passing by the terrified men. Unfortunately, in total, these four things may have been composed for about 20 minutes while the film as a whole is just over an hour and a half. <br /> <br /> It is the fictional story (made in documentary style) of an expedition to a remote area of ​​northern British Columbia, to the suspected sasquatch area of ​​residence. A computer targeted this area based on sightings and - in one of the most entertaining scenes of the film - the computer also used "eye-witness sightings" to draw a sasquatch photo that looked exactly the "creature" of Patterson's video ! In addition to those 20 minutes I mentioned, we basically watched this expedition trip, which means we can watch a bunch of guys going on a long camping trip. I was in camps with the guys. Let me tell you - they were never worthy of a movie. Sandwiched between the long periods of boredom are some good shots of wildlife (although it is suspected that canned footage was used, or even captive animals such as wild animals) and there are some spectacular scenes except that the landscape is not north of the England. Columbia, is of national parks in Oregon. <br /> <br /> I appreciated that we were never given a real picture of Sasquatch so we did not have to deal with the bad makeup that would have been part of it. 3/10
