He thinks it's a French movie, LOL, with an emphasis on young girls with much older men ... why are the French so obsessed with this sort of thing? When the age difference is so great, it's really perverted! Valentina Cervi is beautiful (she bears a strong resemblance to Olivia Hussey, from Zeffirelli's Romeo and Juliet in a similar period), but she appears to be 15 and the actor who plays Tassi, her painting instructor, seems. .. well, 50 is TYPE. Other posters did the work of explaining the historical record (exceptionally detailed in this case) of the true Artemisia, a great artist and one of the earliest recognized painters of the period (17th century). Her story tells us in modern times, especially because of the old accusation that "all great artists were men" - she practically blows this claim to pieces - and because the story of her rape trial is so poignant. Not only was she clearly beaten, and forced into a degrading sexual relationship (because in those days marriage to her abuser was the only way to avoid social shame), but Tassi was a serial rapist and possibly killed his wife and son. The film does a terrible disservice by reversing this truly fascinating and remarkable real-life story - very dramatic and does not need any "spice" - because somehow strangely Frencified, it's "warmer" to have an oversexed teenager designing sex organs masculine and having a hot love affair with a man old enough to be her grandfather. This is sexy - the truth is boring and it seems very feminist / politically correct. <br /> <br /> It also disturbs me that this is only part of Artemisia's life considered interesting enough to film. The fact that she painted for decades (her famous painting of Judith beheading Holfernes was painted AFTER, not before the rape), that she was the first woman admitted to the prestigious Florentine Academy, that she happened to have children ... oh this stuff boring After all, it's about a middle-aged woman and they are not "hot" as teenagers. <br /> <br /> I understand that there is a lot of creative license to make a movie (or a book) about a true historical character. You need to create dialogues, have subplots, create dramatic structures. Certainly some details can be sacrificed - no big deal if the dates are moved for a few years, or if Artemisia is played by a blonde actress (when we know from her self-portraits that she was brunette ... and a big boned one, not a skinny slim, or something like that.But to turn his story around her, and rape a novel is really sick and disturbing.It's even worse because the director is female.He should be horribly ashamed of herself ! <br /> <br /> If you LIKE this (and I know some people could care less about the true woman artist and just like period costumes and hot sex), you'll probably like "Dangerous Beauty" with Rufus Sewell and Catherine McCormack.Easily based on history re-written heavily, with many lifting breasts and chalices encrusted with jewels: Bon Appetit!
