PODERIA CONTAINS SPOILERS ..... I'm surprised at the high rating of this movie to be honest..I really am. All I saw was a slow-moving propaganda film, without much to say. (Note to self should check the rating for Squad here) This movie was so black and white ... Americans good ... any other person or bad or useless. I understand that the British troops were destined to be SAS (one of the elite units in the world with which I have more certainty) they lost 3 men and the others fled while the American troops were not until the elite soldiers, in the sense of fighting, held the ground and opened a can to beat the evil sneaky Iraqis. Aye dead-on strings to mind. The only good thing I have to say about this movie came in that direction when the shooter took the man out of the SAS ... the snout from afar, good used noise ... very well done, but the rest ... me what I I'm 10 years old here ?? !! Well, I'm not and I can see nonsense advertising in a movie and the kid made this movie have it. <br /> <br /> SPOILER ... Oh yes and in the main crazy, wild face can not stay at home with his wife and child .. he does not have to sign up for another year to fight in an absurd lie a war! Why ... because young people need emotions or something apparently. As I'm surprised at the high rating of this movie really am. PS I'm not hating America I'm hating the message of this movie that does not seem to want to confront issues of an illegal war (in my eyes) that OK is fair because clearly there are people out there who think that it is a just war for any confusing reason (I meant something else, but censored), but that is with them. But to produce a movie as one-sided as black and white ... well, he's lazy and treats me like a child. In the war there is much gray and there are two sides (sometimes more) who believe in what they are fighting. Not Star Wars with something that somber side of the side the gifts. Fucking Hollywood sometimes you really get people to mugs ... then again 7.8 .... well, maybe you're right, but I will not be buying. Thankfully I downloaded this movie and I tell you all this for nothing. ;)
