As in the last days of Ayn Rand, Bigelow is the biggest protagonist in his portrayal of some tough American men trapped in Iraq, disarming roadside bombs made by the ruthless, ruthless, murderous Arab terrorists. While Bigelow postulates the war in Iraq as the backdrop to the grand stage of human drama, a veteran bomb expert exploded and another appears to replace him in the dusty, hot, ugly rubble that is Iraq, and a new hero is born. The new guy is what John Hershey described in his book, and later in The War Lover, as a sadistic wingnut who is not really fit for civilian life, and requires the encouragement of war to sublimate and suppress their erroneous sexual desires. The lover of war can only function fully in war, the time of peace suffocates him. While Hershey punished the war lover (played in the film by Steve McQueen in one of his greatest roles) Bigelow glorifies him. The army needs war lovers, they are the bulwark of defense against our enemies. We can not deal with the truth, it is war lovers who are the best soldiers, the toughest men. According to the non-ironic Bigelow, ordinary men are pussies, the war lover is a special breed, the last of the cowboys. So what if he wants to undress his men or caress an Iraqi boy? He is a throwback to the sex cult and death of the war. In war, sex is an ungrateful, loveless love, do not ask, do not tell the kind of male bonding. Bigelow has no opinion on this; it merely limits the choices of masculinity in this attempt at realism. Only a lover of war can overcome the moral struggle between right and wrong, between American innocence and Arab perfidy. Bigelow disguises his racism and arrogance behind the naive facade of journalism. She is just another enthusiastic yahoo portraying a brutal war against civilians as a moral triumph of spirit. On the political front, Bigelow returns to the Western genre and its ruthless clichés over and over, ad nauseam. : the wonderful world of the open frontier, which is the country of another person. ("You can shoot people here," one soldier says); the tough but humane black fellow, the soldier with a premonition of death, the rude and possibly mad commander, the college-educated idiot who tries to make friends with the enemy. His name, Bigelow, resuscitates him. <br /> <br /> Man-boy love is palpable in scenes with the cute Arab boy who befriends the war-lover, but Bigelow interprets it; it does not consume sex, it just sanitizes. What Bigelow really wants to show us is the ugly and sarcastic face of the Arab enemy. Any Iraqi who is not pure evil is either demented, hostile or even evil, anyway. They all deserve to die for their recklessness, and many of them do so in this holiday movie. Iraqi women are all hysterical, they just make their known presence screaming. They can be male stuntmen in drag by everything I know, you never see their faces. There is no female presence in the base or the battle, although the rates of female casualties in Iraq certainly refute this. <br /> <br /> Bigelow goes through all the moves, one by one. She glorifies war, she canonizes the sarcastic hero. Cowboys, surrounded by subhuman Indians, prove their courage by doing the work of God and subduing the unhappy hell infested with terrorists with sheer bravado and suicidal mania. Toward the end, I felt like cheering for the Indians. In Bigelow's world, however, no mercy or understanding can survive. Iraqis are dehumanized par excellence. The massacre of civilians is only the dramatic backdrop to our hero's psycho-sexual struggle. Every bullet in the US finds its mark. You have to love the guy, the lover of war. It's just his way, he's the real hero. He's just a guy trying to do things the hard way, and then if he wants the boy aside.
