The line is more fun in England, where, far from the native America of Vixen !, the word "fanny" has a new meaning. Unfortunately, it's the only laugh you'll get in this terrible sex comedy that is neither sexy nor funny. Oddly unequaled with painted eyebrows, Erica Gavin (acting ability: zero) is a nymphomaniac who covets her own brother, but rejects his black friend while making disparaging remarks about watermelons. As in revenge, he asks if she would go with a Shetland pony. Reference is also made to "do with monkeys". Does Gavin's ability to tremble and tremble with orgasmic pleasure at the slightest touch is matched only in the lack of appeal of her seduction dance? which involves a bonfire and a haddock. Personally, I preferred Haddock. <br /> <br /> By 1968, this was a very mild thing, and it belies the controversy it attracted at the time. A character claims to be "getting stoned," though it is only in bourbon, and by one of the original "X" certificates, there is complete frontal nudity. Only six years later we would be getting Timmy Lea and his Confessions, but here we have to settle for topless shots. Only Gavin's final seduction of his own brother really shocks. Another activity for Vixen is where she helps to solve the sexual problems between a couple, sleeping with the two. The two women clearly do not like to interpret their scene together and make a bad effort to disguise it. After Vixen expels his disharmony, the romantic husband concludes his wife: "I think she came to her!" <br /> <br /> The only worthwhile segment involves an unusual discussion about Cuban communism. It seems out of place with the rest of the movie, although it is spliced ​​with shots of Gavin's breasts to hold him to continuity. This then leads to a vague anti-Vietnam stance, which is commendable, despite falling into the middle of such a frivolous film that seems banal and insensitive, not to say downright bland. In fact, part of aspiring communist Niles Brooke is taken by Harrison Page, the same Harrison Page who played Captain Trunk in the fun comedy Sledge Hammer! Page must be embarrassed by his catalog (which also includes Meyer's Beyond The Valley of the Dolls), though Meyer's apologists have made you believe that the terrible dialogue, lousy acting, sloppy direction, and extreme editing are not just part of the charm, but totally intentional. As a defense, he can not hold the water. <br /> <br /> The annoying incidental music ?? a cross between the songs they play in movie restaurant ads and muzak used by TV stations when the broadcast breaks down ?? is omnipresent and intrusive; while even the silly, gently distorted camera angles can not generate interest. A wonderful world of jazz saxophones, where women have "asked", black men? or "shines"? are not good enough for anyone, and rape is an acceptable form of revenge. Absolutely abysmal.
