The Wayward Cloud is a frustrating movie to watch. Enigmatically annoying, treat each shot as a work of art. You have the impression that the composition of each photo was designed and prepared with a degree of exquisite care bordering obsession; Expressing how far cinema has progressed since the first films were released in the 19th century and imitating its construction, the camera here hardly ever moves? plus during the camp and colorful musical numbers. The ambient noise is reduced to a minimum and barely a word is spoken. This curious but effective device forces the audience to focus their attention only on visual stimuli, so that even if the story progresses at a snail-like pace, we feel immersed. Unfortunately, for me, at least, this immersion begins to fall apart somewhere around the time mark. I began to feel as if the film were challenging me to keep watching as it became more difficult as the minutes dragged on, so the mere act of watching became a battle of wills. <br /> <br /> The content of this film no matter how sexual it was, would undoubtedly be more obscure for Western audiences. As it is, there is an abundance of female nudity and an act of sexual abuse in an unconscious (or possibly dead) woman who is so disgusting that although she can talk a lot about the degradation to which pornography subjects men and women (users and used) is so excessively zealous in the way he chooses to make a point of effectively rendering it ineffective. Of course, the worst and most enthusiastic participants in the explosion of available pornographic content will look for this movie for the wrong reasons and watch it with the fast-forward button on the remote. <br /> <br /> For all your problems, the movie is definitely a stayer, and the more you think about it, the more sense certain aspects seem to make. Ironically, for a film in which so little happens, the viewer would probably be proportionately rewarded watching a second or even third time. For me, though, was once enough?
