The BGA is one of Roald Dahl's most beloved books, but in this animated adaptation the magic simply does not exist. This version remains very true to the original story of Dahl, so you can not blame John Hambley's script. If anything the flaw is with the colorless animation, the lethargic rhythm and the voices usually lackluster. It would be correct to expect this story to be a happy, vibrant and fun movie ... instead, the film is a dull subject that becomes tedious to watch. Children who are not familiar with the story should read the book first! All that the movie will get is to put them away from what is in fact a children's classic. <br /> <br /> The young orphan Sophie (voice of Amanda Root) lives in an unfriendly orphanage under the cruel supervision of Mrs. Clonkers. One night she is peeking out the window when she sees a huge figure sneaking down the village street. The figure realizes that it was seen, then enters through the window and picks Sophie from the bed, putting it in the huge pocket before fleeing for the night. Sophie soon learns that she has been kidnapped by a Giant Country giant, and fears that he will eat her. But to his relief, he turns out to be a gentle and sensitive member of his species, which presents himself as the BGA (voice of David Jason). The GAF refuses to eat people, restricting itself to unpleasant taste vegetables known as snozzcumbers. However, the Giant Country is populated by several other giants who give themselves - every night, as it happens - in unsuspecting and poor humans. Sophie and the BFG become great friends, and soon they create a plan to thwart the other giants. Together, they go to the Queen of England (voice of Angela Thorne) with her remarkable story and beg for her to send the army and air force to fight against the male devouring giants. The queen agrees and thus begins a dangerous operation to capture the bad giants before they can harm anyone else. <br /> <br /> Jason expresses the BFG very well (one of the few advantages of the film), but his good work is almost ruined by a rather poor sound quality. The rest of the voice work is decidedly uninspired, with very little to bring the characters to life. Likewise, the BGA is the only character that is imaginatively excited - Sophie has no appeal, and the giants are chastely projected (and seem almost indistinguishable from each other). Even the places are not very interactive; The Giant Country, especially, is short, being nothing more than an arid land with stones and occasional canyons. At 88 minutes, the film is not exactly long, but trails too much in parts due to the soporific treatment of several sequences. Little of Dahl's mischievous humor is conveyed satisfactorily. One chapter of the book deals with the BFG's love of "stinging" (farting) and is hilarious and laughing. In the movie, the same section is totally killed by unfortunate manipulation. I came to The BFG expecting a lot of excitement, fun and pleasure, but what I got was pretty much the opposite! This is a failed ignition fault that simply does not match the caliber of the book in any department - unfortunately, therefore, it should fall like one to skip.
