This 1970 hit movie did not age well, but frankly, it was not so good when it was released. However, it was an immensely popular success, perhaps because the idea of ​​young fatalistic love must have attracted the audience saturated by the constant television coverage of the Vietnam War. The plot is pure, since it is Oliver Barrett IV, a privileged Harvard hockey player, who knows and falls in love with Jenny Cavelleri, an antagonist of Vassar's music proud of its origin in the working class. Her old school father naturally disapproves of Jenny, and in a typical act of rebellion, this means that the young couple marries one of those extemporaneous ceremonies of the hippie era. He gets his dream job in New York, but she falls ill unexpectedly and dies of her terminal illness. There is a veneer of contemporary filmmaking techniques exhibited by director Arthur Hiller, but none of this can hide the old-fashioned, clichéd history at its heart. The inevitable end has made me particularly indifferent. <br /> <br /> Ryan O'Neal and Ali MacGraw have become stars with this film as Oliver and Jenny, but inexplicably, since neither seems able to convey the depth or complexity needed to make the film. convincing characters. At least the boy O'Neal is sincere in his weakly defiant approach, but MacGraw is so wooden and with a demeanor that it is hard to see what Oliver sees in Jenny beyond his sarcastic front. John Marley (two years before finding the headless racehorse on his bed in "The Godfather") fared better as the father baker Jenny talked about, Phil, as well as Ray Milland as the seemingly insensitive Barrett paterfamilias. The overly familiar music of Frances Lai has almost become parody in itself over the years. The print quality on the DVD is good, though the only extra is a very effusive Hiller commentary track. What is more interesting is that the author Erich Segal (in whose book this movie is based) conceived Oliver as a mix between two Harvard roommates he knew? Vice President Al Gore and actor Tommy Lee Jones, who happen to be part of the film as one of Oliver's roommates.
