Warped take on the Pinocchio theme, and set during the Christmas season (.. after the previous entry abandoned the ties for Christmas) has trapped toys sent to murder a child (.. still through this, other victims are accidentally harmed in the process) perhaps by the "son" of a toy maker. Screaming Mad George was responsible for the murderous toys (including a larva that enters the mouth of the victim and out of the eye, another where the soldiers' toys actually fire real bullets at the nanny after the boyfriend was practically strangled by a severed hand toy, operating remote control). The small target is a dumb child named Derek (William Thorne), whose stepfather was murdered by a red ball with outstretched arms that fasten his face, making him land on a fire in the fireplace. Mother Sarah (Jane Higginson) worries about her son's mental state, imagining that her reluctance to open gifts or, more importantly, speak, stems from watching her husband's horrific murder. Derek's real father, Noah (Tracy Fraim) fears for his safety, and reluctantly informs his ex-girlfriend Sarah that local toymaker Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney) has been arrested for putting traps on toys to harm children because of the loss of a fetus when his wife was killed in a car accident ... as a retaliation in saying that if he could not have a child, others should not have one. Still a very heavy drinker (often seen drinking Jack), Petto seems to have let go of his feelings towards children, but his scary son Pino (Brian Bremer) does not have and Derek he harbors anguish for. Because? You will understand soon enough. Quite disappointing special effects and a pretty goofy premise. The name of Rooney adds a fascination to the film, gaining notoriety, but his histrionics can only help much. The compelling leading actress Higginson (Slaughterhouse) and Fraim, as the man who enters her life again, are not so bad, but the lame plot that develops is hard to take seriously. I think that's the point, but Rooney has no reason to be in a movie like this ... he has no room to bring any personality to his toy maker other than anger and despair, quite volatile, barely holding himself while explodes with anger at Pino, when he does not drink liquor. Bremer is appropriately weird and "robotic" like Pino, wishing he had Sarah as his mother. The practical effects used during the attacks on the victims are not very convincing ... Mad George's work with Savage Steve Holland was much more effective than what we see in this film. The sex that everyone talks about is not as free as many would like you to believe (.. I can not even remember any nudity). Probably the best of the numerous sequences is green, but this is not exactly an endorsement. I'm sure that written on paper, this was a fun concept, the idea of ​​cheating Pinocchio using elements of terror, but the result does not impress.
