OK OK, it can be difficult to put the whole of a man's life into a movie. Traditionally, therefore, biotics focus on one or two significant parts of the subject's life. Now, Byron has been a companion "my week wins his year," which makes selecting parts that are representative even more difficult. Moreover, just as Byron's poetry is inseparable from his life, the very life of man must be seen as a whole. Raising the parts is not only does not show the full image, it is showing a totally different image. <br /> <br /> Now, in short, my review comes down to this: supposedly, Byron was indeed "my week has won its year". "a prototype, a guy who lived so intensely that, in fact, he did more in his 15 or more active years than most of them in a lifetime.It's true, he had setbacks and was a victim of the time and social environment in which lived - but in the end, this guy is supposed to be the prototype whose life we ​​all want to lead, no? Well, I do not, at any time, want to live the life described in this movie. , more in the sense of direction, more or less was) but more importantly by missing the point completely in a flat plot. <br /> <br /> Some more details. <br /> <br /> Well, to simplify things, a biography of Byron must have two distinct episodes: 1. Post-First Travel Europe: England and its Rise to Fame + Marriage / 2. Its Life Abroad Now the important thing is that the second part should be at least as important as the first. was much longer, but the most significant change occurred in Byron. This is where he created his best works (Don Juan, the Vision of Judgment, etc.). - all things that make it * really * unique in English literature). <br /> <br /> Instead, in this movie (Byron's life never gets to be so much fun, (b) it only gets worse after he leaves England. <br /> <br /> They did two good jobs: first, they started at return of their trip to Europe (although a little more of the royal journey was welcome as a prologue), second, they chose an angle and chose their incestuous love for Augusta (who is perfectly cast). which he never let pass.It is true that Byron remained strongly attached to Augusta for the rest of his life, but especially since he was a moody person, the fact that his letters reflect this does not mean that at other times he might not The whole thing is: Once abroad, a life of debauchery has begun (with the infamous one) period of Genebr a), but in Italy Byron also discovered a new life, both for his poetry (inspired by the Italian comedy) already in Venice, as for him when he met Contessa Teresa Guiccioli and moved to Ravenna (later, at the request of Shelly, with Teresa, to Pisa). In other words, he was also * freed *. His mind and life were opened (and not only in the decadent sense), while England closed even more when it fell into the gravitational pull of the Victorian era. It is true that freedom was without Augusta, but this bitter-sweet freedom seems sour in this film. We see a lonely and bored snob aging. <br /> <br /> I mean, hell, Byron never thought much about his poetry except when he finally found his own voice in Don Juan! In addition to poetic and romantic developments, her relationship with Shelly (and pause) should have been more documented. In addition, it is in Italy, in Ravenna, that he engages in revolutionary politics and ideas. This is important because it shows that Childe Harold's romantic and escapist language is becoming the most realistic and light-hearted passion of Don Juan's language and person. Life and work are one. True, still a bit naive, but that's what drove him to Greece! And the whole thing took a full turn at Pisa, where Shelley's revolutionary spirit lit the spark. Missolonghi was not the bored snob suddenly looking for some action. It was the insights in Italy (the Gambas) that put him into action. It may be a symbol for the man looking for some old-style battle excitement, while the rest of Europe stuck in the clay of modern reason and conservatism. But not only that, there was a real inspiration behind it. Meanwhile, Byron wrote large quantities of Don Juan. It's true that his ending is a bit sad, but it's not like he's worn out. This is the essence of Byron's life: he may have had strong emotional attachments (2: Augusta and Teresa), but EVERY time he managed to reinvent himself. Which means he was not "less" at the end of his life - no, he made a physical and mental JOURNEY that at the time, few people were prepared to do. <br /> <br /> I wonder. Why so often the second period of Byron's life is neglected? Why did he have less obvious conflicts, as the man was finally coming to his own? By focusing our attention on England's scandal-filled years of frustration, we have shown that we are not much better than the English aristocracy of the day, which Byron so despised, and who, despite his lack of choice, in 1816, to find a world that was modern and liberal enough to let him find the voice that would make him the first frank-speaking romantic poet and evolve from a self-obsessed snob to a passionate man moving forward with a cause.
