Only once would I like to see a version of Beowulf where it seems the writers have at least a fleeting familiarity with the original poem. Again, after watching this Sci Fi presentation, I'm disappointed. <br /> <br /> I'm not suggesting that writers need to understand and analyze the poem in Old English, but I wish they could at least try to read a translation in modern English and try to build a story based on what actually happens . The story is exciting enough; Why add plot elements that are nonexistent and ruin the story? What is wrong with being faithful to the text? <br /> <br /> Grendel is immune to weapons of any kind; Why introduce some superbowbow that is unbelievable and could not have existed in this time period (as correctly pointed out by the previous reviewer)? The fight with Grendel was Beowulf Vs. Grendel. That's it. No one else participated in the battle. The only way Beowulf could defeat him was by specifically choosing to engage the monster without any weapon, the mistake made by all previous challengers. However, in this version, Danes and Geats fight the beast and Beowulf cuts off Grendel's arm with a sword! Again, why could not they picture what really happened? Personally, I think an individual fight between the two would be much more exciting. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a pathetic and lousy representation that is unfaithful to true history. Why add a pact with the mother of Hrothgar and Grendel that includes offering of sacrifice? Why create extra characters, like Finn, that add nothing to the story? There was no love story in the poem. They could not even set the scenes in the proper places (a forest instead of the swamp and none touch under the lake). Do not they realize the metaphor that Grendel's lair means? is supposed to be underground to represent hell. Why not concentrate on the symbolism inherent in the epic poem? Even my high school students last year were able to do so immensely better when they created a short film based on Beowulf as they focused on the themes and symbolism underlying the story. If Hollywood could create a movie that focused on those elements and was faithful to the plot, then it would be a really great movie.
