Where to start? Anachronism? High-tech crossbow with reach in about 500 AD? Arrows with explosive charges in 500 AD? A Grendel monster who looks like a robocop and obviously never interacts with any of the guns fired or rocked against him? The heart torn from the victim's chest without any sense of contact? Possibly the blonde who would fit into a recent fashion show with her makeup and hair cut? The old Danish court represented in the classical Greek style? The queen interpreted Marina Sirtis more hurt by the makeup artist than by the madness? The effects are too weak to take that story. There are some stories that do not care or benefit from cheap effects, but this Grendel is not one of them. <br /> <br /> And the characters who seem to jump at their unmotivated attitudes? A braggart prince whose house has been attacked more than once by the monster, Grendel seems to have less respect for the danger he faces than Beowulf, who was sent away from the land of the Geats to help desperate Danes. This is more like an old western cowboy than any kind of myth. Beowulf is an old tale of an era almost without literary tradition and much of its feeling and its drama is obscure. I suspect that any modern narrative that does not make a clever attempt to penetrate into obscurity must fail. I did not love the recent "Beowulf and Grendel," which sees Grendel essentially as human and sees Hrothgar and his Danes so arrogant and stupid to acknowledge Grendel's attacks as a well-justified revenge, but I had to respect his revisionist position that There were a bunch of macho thugs who never understood, even after it was all over, that they had brought this nightmare to themselves, and therefore Beowulf's original story, as it was written, was a misrepresentation of real history. I think there is a more complex meaning to be understood than that, but this gruesome secret from Grendel, that Grendel's attacks are tied to earlier human sacrifices, does not bring us closer to the shame of Hrothgar and the Danes. <br /> <br /> This Beowulf has little to recommend it as a traditional myth or as modern fantasy. I give her a 4: louder than she deserves, but always hopeful that a bad effort will catch the eye of someone who is willing to tell the story intelligently. Meanwhile, Sci-Fi's film production appears to be following NASA's policy that it is better to build many probes that fail than some that are successful.
