The Bloodsucker leads the dance, as I believe it to be the English title in English, is set in "Ireland" in 1902, where the mysterious Earl Richard Marnack (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart) invites to the actress's Evelyn (Patrizia Webley as Patrizia De Rossi) and three of her fellow work-outsident actress Cora (Krista Nell), Penny (Lidia Olizzi) and Rosalind (Marzia Damon as Caterina Chiani) to their situated castle on a small island off the coast. At first, Evelyn is reluctant, but is persuaded when it is agreed that Samuel (Leo Valerian) also accompanies him. Once there, Earl Marnack tells his guests that his father and grandfather cut off the heads of their treacherous wives using a ceremonial knife and there is a sense of uneasiness when Evelyn seems EXACTLY the same as the earl's current wife who did not run too far Long ago ... In addition to having to worry about weird servants, it seems that someone wants to use the knife to cut some heads ... This Italian production was written and directed by Alfredo. Rizzo & is total, complete and utter crap from start to finish. First things first let's start criticizing with the title The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance, let's examine this title because when I feel a bit mistaken that there is no vampire or any form of bloodsucker whatsoever, no one 'takes' anything at all time and there certainly is no dance or dance, so do not expect any of it. What you should expect, however, is a tedious, monotonous and monotonous 'giallo' that takes over an hour until someone dies and any kind of murder mystery begins to take shape, the first hour of La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza is a less and uninteresting plot like anything out there. The best way to imagine this is to think about the most annoying pornographic movie you've ever seen, then cut off most of the soft-core porn and this leaves bad actors, bad dubbing, bad dialogues, a little soft-core sex and lesbianism and absolutely nothing else. Yes, it's really that bad. The mysterious elements are crap, people do illogical things for no apparent reason and the overly complicated ending is just as bad as the rest, The Sixth Sense (1999) this is not it! Director Rozzi does a good job & La Sanguisga Conduza la Danza really looks good, although it's obviously low budget, I mean, there are scenes in which he shows a furious 'storm' outside the castle , however, the material used is in White Black! So the movie jumps from bright color to black and white whenever it cuts out the storm and comes back to color again! There is an absolutely hilarious scene where a maid and her friend discuss her breasts and she lets her friend feel who is then full of praise, this scene is so funny and so unnatural that it is invaluable and easily the best moment of the movies, even if an O 70's porn would be embarrassed by the dialogue! There is minimal nudity and the sex / lesbian scenes are very tame. Forget any blood or blood, for there is nothing but a decapitated head. <br /> <br /> Technically, the films are very good, the definition of the period and the design of the production are really impressive, although they are not massive in scope. work effectively enough. The film has a good sense of color and cinematography is fine. The film is dubbed so it is difficult to give an opinion on the original performances, but the voice actors are terrible and the dialogue is even worse than usual. <br /> <br /> La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza is a terrible movie, it does not make sense, it has practically no history for more than an hour, it has possibly the most misleading title of all time and it is really monotonous and boring with a confusing final 'twist'. As far as Euro horror fans are concerned, there are many better movies than that, so please do not waste your time, since for anyone it is definitely something to be avoided. The Last Tempest (1977) AKA SS Hell Camp & The Beast in Heat was directed by Luigi Batzella & he has a fairly substantial role as a police detective in La Sanguisuga Conduct the Dance.
