This "smart" movie was originally a Japanese movie. And while I suppose the original movie was pretty bad, it was a little worse when American-International Films cut the film to pieces and inserted segments made in the US to trick the audience. Now, unless your audience is made up of total idiots, it becomes painfully obvious that this was done - and done with little finesse or concern about the end product. The bottom line is that you have many clearly Japanese scenes and clearly American scenes in which the movie looks quite different. In addition, the American scenes are really nonsense and consist of two different groups of people at meetings that talk about Gamera - the evil flying turtle! And though this is a fire-destroying, flying, and destructive monster, there's virtually no energy because I assume the actors were just ashamed to be in this miserable movie - in particular, film veterans Brian Donlevy and Albert Dekker. They both looked tired and uncomfortable about being there. <br /> <br /> Now, as for the monster, it's not exactly the standard Godzilla type creature. Watching a giant tortoise trap retracted the head and limbs and start spinning in the air as a missile is hilarious. On the other hand, the low-quality model airplanes, destructible ferry buildings and power plant are, as usual, in this film and are no surprise. In addition, a strange Japanese monster movie cliché is included, which will downright annoy most non-Japanese audience members, and this is the "adorable, precocious little boy who loves the monster and believes in it." Okay, right. Well, just like in GODZILLA VERSUS THE SMOG MONSTER and several other movies, you have this annoying boring cheering the monster, although unlike later incarnations of Godzilla, Gamera is not a cool guy and it turns out that in the end the kid is just an idiot ! Bizarre, exceptional bad special effects that could be done better by the average seven-year-old, bad acting, meaningless American clips and occasionally horrible voice-over make this movie an unfortunate movie. Strangely, though most certainly hate this movie (and that stupid kid), there is a small, very vocal minority who loves these films and compares them to Bergman and Kurosawa. Do not believe them - this is a terrible movie! FYI - Apparently, due to its presence on stage, Gamera was featured in several other films in the 60's as well as some recent incarnations. None of this changes the central fact that he is a flying tortoise that has spat fire or that the movies are actually very bad.
