We now travel to a parallel universe where the appearance of giant prehistoric monsters flattening cities is part of the daily routine. It is the world of Godzilla, Rodan, Mothra Ghidrah and its kind - a strange world, and even more strange by the appearance of an unidentified flying tortoise called Gamera. <br /> <br /> Forever in the shadow of the monolithic Toho. Studios, the second step Daiei Studios were more famous for samurai sagas than for monster movies. In the mid-1960s, they decided to join the giant breed of reptiles and drew a series of rival monsters for Toho's Godzilla. They wisely chose Gamera as their flagship - a giant tortoise that shoots flames between their teeth, and spins in the air firing flames through the holes in the feet of their shell (and at one point you almost see the paper mache shell catching on fire! The first Gamera film "Gamera The Invincible" (as it was sold to the US) is a virtual mirror of Godzilla's first film, just 10 years ago. When she feeds on atomic energy, she immediately turns into fury, and the world wants to destroy Gamera once and for all, but a little Japanese boy named Kenny, who has a psychic connection to the giant tortoise and still retains a miniature version in an aquarium.At the side of his bed, he believes that Gamera is essentially kind and benevolent.He's like a little Jewish boy with a pinup of Hitl er. "Gamera is a good tortoise," he begs, then sulks and puts a face as if someone is curled up in his coconut. Miraculously the world's leaders hear him, and so begins Z-Plan to save the world and Gamera from complete destruction. <br /> <br /> Released in 1965, Gamera was an amazing success. The annoying infantile anthropomorphism actually worked in children's audiences in both Japan and the US, and Gamera's vision of miniatures in Tokyo and the North Pole is gloriously colorful. Most surprising of all is the longevity of the series: eight original Gamera movies, plus a series of recent remakes. Not bad for a mutant reptile whose only friend is a meow of eight - and if I hear "Gamera is a friend to ALL children" once again I'm going to smash Tokyo. What seems to be an easy task in the parallel universe where children are smart and the turtles are larger than a Seiko billboard at the Gamera tortoise party of 1965.
