With the growing popularity of the now iconic Godzilla series, as in any successful movie event, there was inevitably a crowd of imitators trying to profit from the great lizard's success. With Godzilla came the dawn of a growing popularity of the genus kaiju (giant monster). Many sought success; some have won. One of the few who not only profited but gained popularity was Gamera, a giant tortoise who could breathe fire in and out and fly, releasing flames from the orbits of his shell as a means of jet propulsion. But unlike Godzilla, Gamera was marketed as a friend to all children, then fighting off other monsters to save endangered children, and so Gamera became very popular among the boys. Unfortunately, this is the only public that the original Gamera series will have any appeal. While the new Gamera films, directed by Shusuke Kaneko, are wonderful films of revolutionary monsters, the original series, including the original, is nothing special. <br /> <br /> Gamera's first film, titled in Japan as "The Giant Gamera Monster." "was clearly a Godzilla he wanted to be.Although the film was produced in the era of colored films, it was filmed in black and white.Why? To imitate Godzilla's first film of the 1950s.Gamera also attacks Tokyo.Because Godzilla attacked I do not know much about the Japanese version, for the version I know of the Americanized version, where scenes were cut and new footage with American actors was inserted (is it coincidence that the same thing happened with the first Godzilla movie? ) "Gammera the Invincible" is nothing more than a heavyweight that just shakes itself like the big turtle. "Gammera the Invincible" is a very The characters are from a stock of science fiction patterns, the story is futile, the monster has no real reason to attack civilization, the acting is laughable, and so on. of the Godzilla series is the end of the film, but this is also a detractor, since the plan that ends the rage of Gamera is completely false and ridiculous. Now the rest of the movie and many other entries in this genre also fit that description, but this is a terrifyingly boring monster movie. <br /> <br /> And although Shusuke Kaneko would make Gamera an interesting monster with his trilogy in the 1990s, in the original series, Gamera was not a compelling presence on the screen. He was neither scary nor sympathetic. He just wags like a child, swinging with each step, and smacks into sets of thumbnails. As usual, everyone wants to destroy Gamera, except for one child (Yoshio Uchida, who has been lazily left out of credits, despite playing a 'central' role), who thinks Gamera is a good turtle. <br /> <br /> Movies of the genre in which "Gammera the Invincible" are a part are easy targets of criticism, and this is subject to extra pressure. Even in the company of many other Godzilla imitators, this Gamera movie is not a particularly good entry. And as far as my cinematic experience is concerned, the rest of the films in the series are as boring as the worst. Like Godzilla, Gamera would be filmed in color and would continue fighting monsters. And like Godzilla, it would get cheaper and cheaper with each movie until it was time to relive the series and make it serious again. <br /> <br /> It's peculiar. I usually recommend people keep up with the originals and review the remakes. But in the case of Gamera, my verdict is the exact opposite. I strongly encourage people to watch the 1990s Gamera trilogy, directed by Shusuke Kaneko, and skip the original series, unless you're interested. The new films are inventive, well done, exciting and, above all, fun. The original series is a long stream of boredom.
