I have a serious problem with this show, several, actually. A simple list will suffice for now, I'll go deeper into it: shallow characters, a laugh, and a boring mood. <br /> <br /> If you do not want to look at the rest of this review and are just reading so you can feel superior (as if you see anything on this show I do not) for a frequently irritated teenager from Canada I go summarize: Friends sucks, not only because it's bland, but because it destroyed the TV audience for new good shows (Arrested Development, Dexter etc.). Friends is guilty of both the reality show "Two And a Half Men" and "The King Of Queens" as television executives. Now, then with the review. <br /> <br /> These characters have no soul, they are exactly the same in every way (out of gender and hair color). They react the same way in boring situations and are completely safe in their own bodies. Where is the conflict and the humor that comes with it? Why is not Rachel attacking Monica after Monica starts dating Rachel's enemy? Why does not Joey think about suicide because nobody seems to take it seriously? Oh right, because he's the idiot and he's comfortable with that. This is the curse of having perfect characters: lasting conflicts and (God forbid) the personality becomes an impossibility. <br /> <br /> Laughter is the only thing that should have died soon after birth. Any show that has one is almost certainly the opposite of funny. How can I make such a generalization? When a program that claims to be "comedy" requires someone else's laughs BEYOND, the audience must say the audience would not laugh without it. Laughtracks destroy the mood, preventing quick returns. Humor becomes a construct rather than a free entity (see The Office, Prisoner Development). This leads to my next point: humor is boring. There is no way to make a perfect character anything more than a little funny (no apparent laughter) simply because our everyday mood comes from acknowledging our faults. So, if Monica dated a 17 year old? She immediately recognizes that what she is doing is not right and breaks with him. There has to be some sort of conflict rather than an immediate solution. Maybe your mother finds out or one of your friends tries to get rid of him and ends up seducing him. That would be great, it would be like a custody battle! So now I have provided evidence for my position. Many of my friends love this program because they have not heard of Curb Your Enthusiasm or Arrested Development, many of my friends hate this program because they have recently started watching Curb Your Enthusiasm or Arrested Development. <br /> <br /> I have seen very little of "Friends" in my life, but I have observed enough to detect huge glitches that make the show, in my opinion, completely unacceptable. If you read this far, thanks, and hope you at least start watching some of the programs I mentioned.
