The Last Station, director Michael Hoffman's melodrama about the last few months of Leo Tolstoy's life, begins with fog and sleep. Tolstoi (Christopher Plummer) lives with his family in a complex in Yasnaya Polyana, walking and writing and being seen by his wife and the followers of his "movement", people dedicated to his ideas of pacifism, vegetarianism, sexual abstinence and communalism. property that gathered in a forest camp not far away. His wife, Sophia (Helen Mirren) openly war with the head of his movement Chertkov (Paul Giamatti), which she states in her efforts to convince Tolstoy to sign the rights of his works to the Russian people is trying to steal the wealth that is due to her about the imminent death of their husbands. Looking at all this is Tolstoy's new butler, Bulgakov (James McAvoy), a naive adherent who is torn between his love for man and concern for his wife. <br /> <br /> Hoffman's script, based on the novel. by Jay Parini, often strays into confused territory, building a complex tangle of opaque strands and motives that ultimately do not resolve in a satisfactory way. The scope of the film is grand, and its story must reverberate just as Tolstoy, whose beliefs somehow foreshadowed both the Bolsheviks and pacifists like Ghandi. Unfortunately this does not happen, it is impossible to disfigure it, accumulating with many enthusiastic confrontations that are constantly disintegrating into nothingness. The three-way relationship between the Church, the faithful Sophia, and the unbelieving Tolstoy, for example, is often referred to. In the last section of the film, a dumb priest in a magnificent hat even appears, but the script never expands beyond inserting it into history as an attempt to enrich it or provide some semblance of historical accuracy. There are a ton of details in the film, but little attention is given to most of them and as a result, the film seems confusing, overwhelmed, energetic, but sadly nonsensical. <br /> <br /> In your heart is love. story between Sophia and Tolstoy, and this story, as disconcerting and tight as it is, is the reason to watch the movie. Mirren and Plummer are, unsurprisingly, the best things in the movie. Tolstoy of Plummer is vague, at once confused and resolute, apprehensive and full of joy and certainty. Sophia de Mirren is in total panic, in a fair froth, forced to watch and waiting to be mute while her husband donates his time, his possessions and his money to people who are unquestionably dedicated to him but also clearly in possession of his own agendas. . They are great performances, especially considering the big chasm between the real importance of the couple's place in the story and the script's ability to support it, both Sophia and Tolstoy seem to want the film just for Mirren and Plummer, both making the film. the best they can of the scarce material that exists. Giammati and McAvoy, both talented actors, are incapable of doing the same, and Giamatti's Chertkov seems neither a revolutionary nor a thief (and not both at the same time), but a cipher, a substitute for a whole bundle of anxieties resolved and aborted historical impulses. The scope of this thing is never summed up to anything, it is delayed, achieving with the strength of Plummer and Mirren and not much more. It is interesting and beautiful, but ultimately not rewarding. 4.5 / 10
