This incredibly overrated anime television series (26 episodes, 25 minutes each) is about a 14 year old boy (and two of his classmates) who pilots a giant robot to defend Japan against invading beings called Angels. There is very little explanation given to the Angels or why their numbers have increased in recent times, and they seem to simply come out of nowhere for no apparent reason (why not attack at once, rather than spaced intervals that are convenient for humans are you trying to destroy?). Robot fight scenes try to employ a variety of obstacles, but the action itself is poorly executed and boring to watch. Almost all episodes seem like a waste of space, where nothing of interest occurs. Some may be intrigued by fans who mention the (very few) symbolic references here, but that's all they are - superficial one-liners for religious or philosophical concepts that are randomly pitched with zero craftsmanship . As a whole, the series is incredibly tedious due to the superficiality of the characters, which are actually nothing more than self-repeated crybabies. Psychology is pathetic, with hopelessly simplistic conflicts like "I hate my father" repeated over and over without progression beyond its apparent value. It is not to be underestimated to say that these characters plunged into this series of mediocrity that wasted time on rage inducing rage during the final episodes, with its endless and distressing diatribes of overly repetitive psychobobism (some of which are totally meaningless). <br /> <br /> I'm not joking when I say that this series got worse and worse as it progressed. Every day I would look at the DVD sitting on the table in my living room and say to myself, "Damn, I have to watch the next episode at some point. I might as well go through another one tonight." The real kicker was that the episodes were only 25 minutes long, but somehow managed to get into a completely uninteresting borefest in the first 10 minutes. This comes from a guy who will be happy to watch 150 minute movies with glacial pace, so my critique of this series is really very blunt. <br /> <br /> Never in my entire life have I despised watching a series as much as "Evangelion". I had already bought it based on all the fanatical comments about the IMDb, and I certainly would not let it accumulate dust after spending my hard earned money. What followed was 10 hours of pure unmitigated torture. My love / hate relationship with anime is turning into a hate / love relationship after this highly acclaimed disaster. "Evangelion" represents everything anime should NOT be - massive amounts of dull and pretentious guts under the guise of intelligent cinema. The universal acclaim for this piece of crap is simply unbelievable; and the ridiculous assertions by fans that this series as "one of humankind's greatest achievements" is probably the most stupefying comment I've ever heard about IMDb - and I've seen some doozies.
