I occasionally see a bit of this show because my wife watches sometimes. I try to take advantage of this because it is a basic idea that is helping a needy family, but several factors hamper me. Each episode follows the same format in which many parts seem totally scripted (what they are) and the tears seemingly flow in time. The attempt to manipulate the viewer with a mixture of emotional collapses and sad music is a real detour for me. The fact that everyone who donates something to the house, whether it be Sears or whoever it is, has to cover up for being generous is also annoying. Probably the biggest problem I have with all of this is that what must be huge sums of money and a small army of workers are combined to build an amazing home for a single family. Now I know that this amount of money is nothing more than a drop in the bucket for Disney / ABC, but how much more could be done to more people with the amount they are putting into a home? Instead of focusing on a family and getting everyone to cry during the episode, why not help 10 families and show the highlights? Is not life difficult enough for the average person? Why do I need help finding things to make me feel sad, why not show something really inspiring without being manipulative? I know what is being done for these families is good, but they are also being used for evaluations. You can not tell me that they are not being trained sometimes in crying. I think when I see these people moving into a home that most hard-working people in the US could not afford for their children, it really bothers me. I can not help but think about what could really be done with a small portion of Disney's money. Instead of giving each family member a flat-screen TV and / or personal shower that informs the temperature of the water and shoots out the ceiling, why not help more people buy food, clothing, education, and medical insurance? I know we can be entertained and have a good cry. In terms of money, I feel the same way about Oprah. I do not think anyone can really conceive the amount of money she has. Yes, her recent reality show did good things, but when she donated $ 30,000 to every loser "competitor", I'm here thinking ... this is a paycheck of years for many, many people ... if they're lucky. Do not make me start at game shows. So I realize that Extreme Makeover Home Edition is "going well," but forgive me if I see it as more self-serving than giving of yourself. Is anybody there that looks alike?
