This movie is not about soccer. It's about Jesus / GOD !! It's the same kind of hypocritical religious nonsense you get from those idiot fighters who fight for Jesus, or pump iron for Jesus. Yes, Jesus was totally excited, he liked contact sports, and he definitely had a whole set of idiot bells. DUHHH! This movie should have been titled "Walking for Jesus," or something in that sense just to let the general public know that the real intent of this movie is to convert people to Christianity, and to please those whose brains have been thoroughly washed. in the blood of the lamb. That the title is derived from the Bible becomes clear when the coach is reading your Bible and asking for the help of Jesus. The recent sports movie "Invincible" was 100 times more inspiring than that, and Jesus was not even a factor. It was only the desire and determination of an individual with a dream. Any broad appeal like an inspirational sports movie is finally lost amid all the brazen religious and hypocritical propaganda of the Bible. One gets the impression that the only message is the only way for you to succeed and make a positive gain by accepting Jesus as your personal savior. But this is simply not true, and is therefore a lie being perpetuated by those who believe it to be true and want all others to believe in it. The image of the winning athlete thanking Jesus when he wins comes directly to mind. What does he do when he loses? Does he curse Jesus? Of course not! When he loses, Jesus is not responsible. Jesus is the only one responsible when he wins. And logic turns and turns, and ends up just where the true believer needs to be, every time !! I had to break a break when the scene with the coach getting a new truck came so I could stop rolling on the floor laughing fucking and catching my breath. Materialism is not what Jesus taught. I find it strange that most so-called "Christians" seem to forget or ignore this message from their "savior," especially when I see a fish Jesus on the back of a huge guzzling SUV that passes me as if I'm stopped Another post this movie suggests that Jesus apparently cares more about the loss record of a mediocre high school football team than he does with the millions of starving children in the world. The final scene where the insecure and insecure kicker boots a 51 yard field goal and is thrilled as an incredibly incredible miracle puts the final gag me with a red flag religious spoon on this turkey. I only gave three stars because the guy who played the black coach could really act.
