I was scolded and despised by other Christians for declaring my disappointment with this film. I'm being chased by statements like these: "I can not believe you did not like it! It was totally made by Christians!" "Everybody donated their time and nobody paid for the movie, it was done by a church and not by Hollywood, we should spend our money on films like that, they used only $ 100,000 to make the movie." "This is for a true church and Christian school in Georgia! A preacher wrote and directed this." So apparently the reason I should love this movie is simply because of the way it was done and the minimum amount of money used to do it and this is done by Christians. That's all it takes for me to love the movie. <br /> <br /> Look, I have the movie without knowing anything about the movie background. I had never heard of it and had no idea - other than football - about what it was. I watched as I watch any other movie and was disappointed. I was disappointed with the bad editing and lame script. I was very disappointed with the resolution after the climax. Do not worry. There were other cheap films and other EXPENSIVE films made that earned less respect from me. It's not about the production of the film. It is the final product. <br /> <br /> The writer acknowledges that God does not say "yes" to everything we pray the way we want, but he wanted to show by having faith, God changes our lives. That's true. However, God can change our lives and we are still infertile. God can change our lives and we do not receive an increase in our work. God can change our lives and our car is still an old jalopy. God can change our lives and our home is still smelly. Why did not he picture it in the movie? Others expressed their concern to the writer / director on the subject, but apparently he was on the defensive. <br /> <br /> I did not think the acting was horrible or many of the landscape plans. I like the idea of ​​going to God and recognizing His awesome power and our weakness. <br /> <br /> The writing and the direction were very weak. It is easy to distinguish this because many of the characters have no development. All we really get from the coach's wife is that she's not pregnant (well, by the end of the movie). It seems as if there was only a ball player who had the potential to have an interesting character and who was cut to pieces "I have a crippled father and I can not play football well, but I will kick the winner's field goal even though I have never kicked a field goal before. "Another problem was the Christian school itself. I worked in two Christian schools, went to one of them and had many nieces and nephews in other Christian schools. All in all, I had some very close connections with about ten different ones. None of the problems I have seen in all these schools have been addressed. I saw this as totally surreal in the movie about their school and wished they had shown the human factor. It would have been nice to see a dose of reality and how God can work. <br /> <br /> I'll end by stating that all work - written, drawn or played on an instrument - shares the artist's world view. The world view I've been shown in this film is "People who pray the right way win ball games, win new cars, conceive when they can not, get a raise and fix their house - all in a short period of time . " I know. I should love the movie simply because of the sincerity of the people who did it. I think I should love the movie because it was well done and for no other reason.
