I watched this movie in the youth group, where my youth leader, who was otherwise intuitive, and his wife dodged. So a couple of adults at a church-related Christmas party got ripped off giving a copy of this movie to every family that was present, and now my family is stuck in the movie (though fortunately still remains in their movie). I wept bitter tears because of those sad events, and here's why: First: this movie has good intentions, especially if you're a Christian like me. This movie is trying to show that you must put your faith in God and that it will make your life better. Not so bad, right? Eh. It turns out to be a problem - a big problem. This movie was made by a church, so it is clear that every issue should be treated with as good taste as possible for Christians. It's all black and white, with no gray areas. The grace and will of God in this film is something predictable, and comes instantly to all those who obey His will. <br /> <br /> This is not the God that I know. This is not the Christian life with which I am familiar. The God I believe in is a powerful and trusting God, but He is not the one who gives all my desires. I follow him as best I can, although the going is often difficult; however, the football team in this film finds its humility and self-control much easier than anyone should find. I can not relate to cardboard cutouts that shift from the bad side to the good side in the course of some structured movie scenes. And when I follow his commandments as set forth in the Bible, I certainly do not find myself inundated with blessings as these characters do. The biggest of my immediate rewards is knowing that I did the right thing; everything else comes with a long, confusing and arduous job. <br /> <br /> But take the example that the film defines: Grant Taylor trains the soccer team of the school Shiloh Christian, that had 6 lost seasons in a row. He can lose his job, and he and his wife are as little money as they are. They want a baby, but the doctor says he's sterile. Oh, and his car does not work. And the boys on his football team are disrespectful to their parents, tearful after millions of losses, and bad at kicking field goals. This is right a degraded community here. <br /> <br /> But wait, Grant Taylor decides he'll trust God for everything! And he passes his faith to his team. So far, so good. Not for long. When they begin to obey, the blessing literally spills over them. Suddenly, the students stop disrespecting their parents; the school has a great "revival"; the team starts to win EACH game; they even win the big championship against the toughest team in the championship! Coach Taylor's work is reassured; the school makes him a new shiny truck as a gift (which, by the way, is the epitome of shallow employers and good time); it receives an increase; his wife (get it) until she gets pregnant from her barren sperm! And that skinny kid can kick his first goal when it really matters !! Wowzers, woot, yay, praise the Lord, etc, etc! ... <br /> <br /> Yipe. Only YIPE. No one in my church ever experienced Christ so cutting and dry. Yes, there were miracles in abundance in my family, as well as gifts and comforts, and I attribute them to the grace and goodness of God. But God is not a tap that you turn on and off by being good or bad! It is usually a mystery; Your gifts come unexpectedly, often when you think you do not need them, but you really need them. It's a long and difficult task for the way of accomplishment, and things NEVER end up the way you thought they would be. <br /> <br /> This movie has good intentions. But because of his supreme superficiality and total escapism, he becomes enormously 1/10. The clichés of poor performance and the sports movie seem to be mere thorns alongside the leprous falsities that this film inadvertently makes. <br /> <br /> To all future churches planning to make a movie: do not be afraid to show REAL life, until you have to add some inconvenient truths in the mix. As much as the lower population marvel at this cotton candy treatment, no one learned anything substantial from it. Give us meat, bones, REAL things! True life applies to all, not just Christians, and this is an aspect that "Facing the Giants" could not understand.
