Scarecrows is one of those films that, with a little more acting, a bit more direction and a lot more story logic, would have been quite convincing as a horror entry. The way it is, it's still a scary movie that has solid makeup and blood effects, and a premise that holds the mood of terror in spite of itself. And hey, there are no teenagers being killed one by one - just idiot adults, so that's a refreshing change of pace. And the plot is unbelievably similar to the Dead Birds, with a precipitous robbery, a scary house abandoned in the middle of nowhere and demonic monsters. But just like the Dead Birds, adults are still stupid, run wild before being slaughtered one by one, and ignore the obvious danger. <br /> <br /> In Scarecrows, however, we never find the supernatural. why, and this holds the atmosphere of shivering. And like clowns, the scarecrows can be very scary; unless they look like Ray Bolger, of course. Escaping on a plane kidnapped with the pilot and his daughter, after a robbery of millions, a para-military band is betrayed by one of them; a very nervous guy named Burt. He jumps out of the plane with the big, heavy box that holds the money, seemingly with no plans on how to move it when it's on the ground. Being the stupidest of the group, he is murdered first. But not before he showed up at Fowler's residence, nestled amid a scary scarecrow, surrounded by a wooden fence surrounded by barbed wire and many warnings to stay away. And the strange wind vane on the roof, with the fork and the pterodactyl, should have been a warning sign as well. The interior of the house is also a bad omen (for us, in the audience, at least). <br /> <br /> Annoyingly, we should listen to Burt's thoughts aloud as he walks and mysteriously stumbles upon the key. to the decrepit truck in the yard. The way the key appears is enough to get my pants - with me on them - flying out the door. Maybe it's just me, but I really enjoy seeing people's lips moving on the screen, even when they're just thinking out loud. This helps to intensify the action and gives more importance to the actor than just seem what the voice is saying. Burt pushes the box to the truck and makes his escape. Sure, why not? Decrepit trucks always have a lot of gas in them, especially with today's prices, and the battery? no problems. Now, I mentioned that Burt was the stupidest of the group, and here's why (beyond the above, of course). Using night vision goggles to walk through the foliage and find the house, he takes them out to drive the truck and instead lights the headlights to see where he is going. Of course the thugs still on the plane identify the headlights of their truck and know where it's headed. Bright. He deserves to die. Definitely. I do not know why he needed night vision goggles first, as each scene is illuminated, from the interior of the plane to the nocturnal night landscape and the house. The director of photography was either one. myopic, b. just out of school or c. dealing with a very cheap film. <br /> <br /> Burt finds his death when the truck dies in the middle of nowhere. Who knows. A very nice touch, and there are, I must admit, some in the film, is the fact that when he opens the truck lid, there is no engine. Scary, to be sure (and insert the pants, comment again here). The logic of the story fails when the dead man, now tucked away like a flounder with money-and-straw-Burt, returns to the house. The rest of the pack is there, crazy, so he realizes that he's actually dead, and he's been wrecked and stuffed like a flounder of money and straw. However, Dead Burt manages to fight hard and grabs a guy by the mouth, pushing him through a window, making him bite more than he could chew on a bloody scene. At this point, you would think they would be running out of the house and back on the plane - but noooo, they decide to stay and look for the rest of the money. In fact, the entire episode of Burt is killed is treated quite naturally, although a bright bulb in the group argues: "Burt was walking around, for God's sake!" <br /> <br /> The stolen money Suddenly, it appears in the garden outside the house, and the bad guys come out happily from the bait. Soon, another of them, Jack, is dispatched, and again the scene is well made and horrible, involving a dull saw and without anesthesia. Now there are three scarecrows going on, and one of them needs a hand, literally. <br /> <br /> When one of the bandits sees the scarecrows and Jack gets amazed, he starts screaming, fleeing like hell, and firing his gun in the typical para-military form. So much for all that crappy pressure training. He meets up with others and stops in his tracks to explain why he is screaming, fleeing like hell, and firing his gun, even though the scarecrows seem to be chasing him. Again, that script logic thing ... Dead and disemboweled, Jack goes home and goes after the screamer with the usual results. If you hear Jack's demonic grunt, by the way, you may notice, depending on your age, that it's the same monster growl sound often heard in episodes of Lost In Space TV. <br /> <br /> The last two survivors flee the house and return to the plane, narrowly escaping. But they? You will have to see the movie to find out.
