I watched SCARECROWS because of the buzz around it. Well, I can not imagine anyone liking this movie because it's just bad, bad, bad. It's obvious that whoever made this movie knows nothing about terror. The whole story is an unsuccessful marriage of two genres: action film (guns and criminals) and horror (living scarecrows). When criminals are killed one by one by the scarecrows, the two genders automatically cancel each other out because, first, they are criminals and they care for criminals, and second, because they are stupid criminals! Having zombie scarecrows behind them just does not work here. Where is the horror in that? I wanted the criminals to die horribly and painfully. <br /> <br /> But the story is so poorly constructed that this marriage of genres, which could have been original, if handled well, would NEVER freeze. We simply get a lot of criminal superdens and a lot of scarecrows, who are "alive" for whatever fragile motive the filmmakers invented. Making things even worse is the fact that cinematography is terrible (like TV) and, worst offense of all, many dialogue wells are told in the CBs, and we continually hear spoken futile dialogs through disconnected images as if we were watching some type of radio program. This part was really bad. The director should have been shot on the spot for such a stupid idea! I can not tell you how annoying that was. <br /> <br /> As I've already mentioned, SCARECROWS criminals are incredibly stupid. For example, when someone suddenly appears, disemboweled and full of money and straw (yes, straw) in his huge open wound, the others ask "What on earth is he in?" after throwing tons of bullets at him, unable to kill him (he was "zombiefied" by the scarecrows.Don't ask ...). Get a damn track, idiots. I've never seen such stupid people in a movie. And then there's the girl. I wished one of the scarecrows had killed her quickly because she was a pain in the ass. When she finds her father nailed to a "cross" scarecrow, she actually blames the criminals on an embarrassing scene (bad acting) even though the criminals could not have done it. What an idiot she was! But scarecrows are the biggest weakness of this very weak film. They are not scary. Nothing is much explained about them. They are just a plot device in this movie packed with devices. <br /> <br /> Mr. Wesley, filming the face of a scarecrow for 30 seconds without stopping, provokes nothing but pure boredom. And that scene with its talking head in the refrigerator. Thanks for the laugh. <br /> <br /> In short, this had to be one of the worst movies I've seen recently (and I've seen many movies nowadays!). Among the equally regrettable SILO KILLER or SCARECROWS, I prefer the observer SILO KILLER again. Yes, SCARECROWS is so bad.
