A ridiculous fluff, who makes up his mistake trying to make sense. Joan, this time as a congressman, Agatha Reed, president of a commission dedicated to "investigate the high cost of food." Congresswoman Reed says, "The housewife has been doing this in the neck for a long time. I'll keep fighting long enough for the American family to take a vacation once a year, watch a movie every week and feed an occasional peanut one elephant." She is all professional, but gets all excited when she receives an honorary degree from Good Hope College, where she was expelled for the crime of being left out all night (the parallel with Joan's real life is unmistakable here, as it is throughout Joan Movies ). The degree causes much dismay on campus ("Would that make the institution more open in the history of education!")? but Joan does not know that when she arrives. The college president, Jim Merrill, played by Robert Young at his most handsome, becomes a former teacher of Joan? and lover. It was with her that she spent the night out all those years ago, but Joan thought it better to just disappear than to try to explain to the skeptic that they were about to get married. Of course, this high-level event will be covered by * Life * magazine? And who is the photographer? Another one of Joan's old lovers? this, she went out with in China "during the war", and he thinks that Joan might be having problems with her old passion. Eve Arden, who plays Joan's assistant, "Woodie," is the smartest and smartest in this movie? with your irreverent and unnecessary comments that would make you relinquish her from your job if you did not like her so much. But you do not just like Eve in this, as in all your roles, you worship her. She's so fun and sensible, you'd want to pay her just to stay close and be one of the boys. When Joan cries upon arriving in her alma mater, Eve tells her that she "looks fierce." But Joan says that maybe others only see a collection of buildings, she, Joan, see the youth ?? herself at age 18 "anxious, expectant, a little frightened, asking" What is life? What am I? "" But of course, if we really go deep into Joan at age 18, the truth may be a bit different . <br /> <br /> For me, this is the biggest problem in watching any Joan movie. You can call your characters any way you want, but it's always Joan, all the time. So, since we're always seeing Joan being herself, it's easy to dismiss the names of the characters. Is it just that she gets confused when Joan tries to tell us something clearly false, like her description of herself at 18? when we know that at the age of 18 Joan had been on the block several times. Many men would describe her as anxious, and as long as she was pregnant, she had had several miscarriages at that time. But that's a personal problem, and I disagree, but I simply wanted to explain why I say things like "And then Joan does?" this or that, or "We see Joan as ..." when we're not literally watching a home movie. <br /> <br /> Is there an unintentionally hilarious moment when Joan gets the Clara Bow doll she left behind in college? The quick arithmetic tells us that Joan and Clara were contemporaries and this is a transparent maneuver to make us believe that Joan is much younger than it seems. Failure. What also fails is an attempt at political correctness in the early 1950s. In the story, Joan wrote a book on freedom of speech and made a film (no, not the one about the plumber), and it attracts the attention of a radical Dr. Pitt, who is about to be dismissed for his views, which are shockingly similar to those of Joan. This is where the movie mysteriously becomes a tale of morality - a weak one for sure, but perhaps the only thing that keeps it from falling into oblivion.
