This movie was so bad I do not know how to laugh or cry. I had high hopes for Horrorfest that year, which was also the first year I participated in Horrorfest, and I must say that Horrorfest and all of its films take false advertising to a whole new level. Mad honors to the advertisers, because I'm sure they fooled a lot of people to spend money and watch those movies that year. The Hamiltons was easily the worst of what I saw (the others I saw were Unrest, Dark Ride and Reincarnation). The cover and trailer of the movie made it look like a family of cannibals terrorizing the neighborhood that I thought was a rather interesting plot, only to be disappointed at the end, discovering that it was a "coming of age" tale about a boy's transition into a vampire . That's why the drama prevails over any sense of horror in this movie. And to make the plot even more ridiculous, they add a couple of horny twins who can barely wait to bite into each other, and some deadly creature locked in the basement, that if I had discovered what "If the secret had not been revealed at the end of the movie, I would have left the movie theater halfway through. <br /> <br /> Complete the waste of time and money.Cut forty minutes of this movie, and turn it into an episode in some program such as Smallville or Charmed or Supernatural and would have received more rave reviews than this.Each rubbish! So bad that two years later I have to go back to the IMDb and write a comment about it because it still stands out in my memory as one of the worst movies that I've seen, and as long as you're reading this, stay away from the rest of the Horrorfest movies in the future.The best you can do is rent them out at Blockbusters or watch them online somewhere. in independent filmmakers who can not appear on the big screen, and all the crap about 'things they do not show in theaters', they were not referring to blood, guts or horror ... they were referring to the movies themselves. Because they are horrible. Think of Horrorfest as a lesser-known version of the Sundance Film Festival, but for horror movies. <br /> <br /> Sorry for all the hatred, but next time think twice before fooling customers out of your money.
