The Hamiltons tells the story of four Hamilton brothers, teenage Francis (Cory Knauf), twins Wendell (Joseph McKelheer) and Darlene (Mackenzie Firgens) and older David (Samuel), who is now the surrogate father in charge. Hamilton's house changes a lot, Franics is not sure why and is unhappy with the way things are. The fact that his brother and sister kidnap, imprison and murder people in the basement does not help relax or soothe Francis's nerves. Francis knows that something is not right and when he finally discovers the truth, things will never be the same ... <br /> <br /> Co-written, co-produced and directed by Mitchell Altieri & Phil Flores as The Butcher Brothers (which is the only other filmmaker's credit so far is the remake of 2008's April Fool's Day), this was one of the "movies to die for" in the 2006 After Dark Horrorfest. Keeping up with virtually everyone else I I saw, I thought The Hamiltons was total and utter crap. I found the character very poor, very unpleasant, and the slow story failed to capture my imagination or sustain my interest for over 85 minutes and a half. There is a horrible turnaround in the end that made me laugh out loud, there is a big sustained shift to what's inside a closet thing in the Hamiltons basement and eventually revealed to be a little boy with a teddy bear. Should that really scare us? Should that really shock us? Is this something that supposedly makes us talk about it while the final credits are over? Is a seemingly harmless young man the best "twisting" end that creators could create? The boring plot advances, it is never clear where the Hamiltons buy all their money to buy new houses, since none of them seems to work (except David in a slaughterhouse and I doubt he pays much) or why they have not been caught so far. The screenplay tries to mix drama every day with powerful horror and does a terrible job of combining the two to the extent that no aspect is memorable or effective. A very bad movie I'm struggling to say something good. <br /> <br /> Despite being written and directed by the extreme sonority of the Butcher Brothers, there is no blood around here, there is a little blood splashing and some scenes of girls chained in a basement, but nothing you could not do at home with a bottle of tomato ketchup and a camcorder. The movie is not scary and, as it has a suburban middle-class vibe, there is no atmosphere or mood. There is a lesbian & suggest an incestuous kiss, but The Hamiltons is down on the holding scale and there is not much here for the horror public. Filmed in Petaluma California, this one has a modern low budget. not badly done, but forgettable. The acting of an unknown (for me) cast is nothing to write about and I can not say that I have ever felt anything for anyone. <br /> <br /> The Hamiltons commit the main sin of being both boring and annoying that it never recovers. Add to that an ultra-thin story, no gore, a trash finish, and characters you do not give a shit about and you have a movie that did not impress me at all.
