Think of this pilot as "Hawaii Five-O Lite". It is set in Hawaii, it is a criminal action / adventure drama, many scenes feature boats and palm trees and polyester fabrics and gaudy shirts ... even the actor "Zulu" plays a supporting role. Oh, there are some minor differences - Roy Thinnes is supposed to be a top secret front agent, and the supporting cast is much smaller (and less interesting), but basically the atmosphere is still the same. The problem is that "Hawaii Five-O" (another QM product) already existed at the time and worked for years. It filled the market demand for Hawaii-based crime dramas fairly well. Code name: Diamond Head may have been designed as the hier for H50, since the older series eventually slowed down ... but appears as a superfluous copy of 2nd rate. It is not a drug, but it is completely derivative and does nothing as well as the original. <br /> <br /> There is some decent talent involved here. Thinnes is an old professional, and he gives the best of his role, and he's not bad. But Thinnes is as good as his material and his director. Ian McShane is here as a master of evil spy called "Tree", and McShane tends to be the most interesting actor in any scene in which he appears. But he's calling his paper here. Frances Ngyuen has a reasonably exotic appearance, but her amazing beauty, her opaque features, her thick accent and her delivery of wood are not part of the dreams that are made. Trusting her to supply Thinnes' "romantic interest" was probably the biggest mistake of the series. At least for a series aimed at white audiences created with Marsha Brady and Peggy Lee as our love goddesses. Give her another 30 pounds and a year with a dialogue / voice coach, and she can cut it. Zulu is, well, your usual self-pleasing in small parts, but he is not a person who can carry a resource by himself. <br /> <br /> In addition, the plot and dialogue are strictly by numbers, with nothing to distinguish them from any other Quinn Martin production. And by that time, the American TV audience had seen a large number of QM productions ... I think "CN: DH" was too much, and it sank without a trace. It was not really the actors' fault, and I hope they got away from it with a decent pay and more entry into their résumés. <br /> <br /> The MST3000 revived this during their treatment season six, and they had a lot of good fun with it. It's worth looking at this version if you like the MST approach to Japanese and lampoon movies, but I can not imagine anyone caring about this pilot for any other reason.
