As others have mentioned, this movie is similar to THE FLY (both versions) and the lesser-known sci-fi movie ALTERED STATES. The big difference is that these two films were well made by people who knew what they were doing and were good at it. METAMORPHOSIS does not have these advantages. METAMORPHOSIS is a potentially interesting scientific fantasy story that had the wrong people in command of it and the wrong actors playing the roles. <br /> <br /> The story follows the scientist Dr. Peter Houseman (Gene LeBrock), an obsessed man who works on a genetic cure for aging and death. When the university for which he works threatens to cut funding, he decides to inject the antiaging serum into himself. As a result, Dr. Houseman passes the rest of the film slowly turning into a lizard. And oh yes, watching the good doctor go through the process of becoming that lizard is a great joy. It's so bad that it's good. Some of the lines are classic: "What is it?" "A nightmare ... of the past!" <br /> <br /> Many of the reviews I read by this point are so stupid and ridiculous in the last five minutes of this movie. Just go ahead and spoil it: the good doctor is no longer a dragged half-man thing, half-lizard to be what appears to be a man with a rejected Godzilla costume, when the police finally kills him. In the final scene, some nasty boy is seen with a little pet lizard that he says will never die, and the heroine of the film, Sally Donnelly (Catherine Baranov) evidently decides that the little lizard is the final incarnation of Dr. Houseman. The camera then gives us a close-up of the lizard's face; that is, I suppose, the director's way of showing us that the lizard is EVIL. Yes, it's silly, but I fell for laughing so I can not complain. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie because it was part of the Chilling Classics 50 Movie Megapack that I bought. I'm sure many who are reading this have done exactly the same thing, since the 50 pack is the only way to see this movie on DVD. If you recently bought the box and have not watched this movie yet, it's worth it even if I just ruined the ending for you. It may also be possible to find this movie online for free.
