"Metamorphosis" has a bit of cult value simply because it was written and directed by George Eastman. This Italian man is more or less the embodiment of the masculine sleaze and starred practically all the rancid production of Joe D'Amato during the late 70s / early 80s. It would not be interesting for avid shoppers of European cults to own the only film directed by the guy who strolled naked in "Erotic Nights of the Living Dead" all the time? I thought that way! Now, unlike the films he starred in, Eastman's "Metamorphosis" is a bit disappointing in the blood and sleaze departments. There are a handful of nasty murders, monstrous cheese effects and nude female bodies (a special appearance from movie queen, Laura Gemser!) On display, but it's mostly a talking movie. The beautiful and eloquent dr. Houseman is on the verge of a scientific breakthrough with his research into human DNA codes when, suddenly, the university he works for threatens to cancel his funds. He has developed a theory for decoding genes and blocking the aging process, but if he does not submit detailed reports at any time, his research will be halted. So Dr. Houseman does what any intelligent scientist would do and inject untested serum into his own veins. Needless to say (and as the title indicates), it slowly turns into a killer monster that actually ages much faster! In other words, your search sucked! Like the other reviewers already mentioned, this movie "borrows" many ideas from David Cronenberg's "The Fly" ?? the dramatic novel sub plot includes - but adds no originality of its own. The big difference is that you feel constantly connected with the character of Jeff Goldblum in "The Fly", while Dr. Houseman becomes just another monster that needs to be destroyed as quickly as possible. The aspect of the rapid aging syndrome also reminded me of the giallo "Ghost of Death" by Ruggero Deodato, only the protagonist of the film inherited the disease and did not inflict it on himself. The physical deterioration of the carriers is very similar in both films, however. Few scares or excitement to discover here, instead, the film presents a lot of bad acting, poor lighting, poor editing and a completely delayed climax. Feel free to skip this one.
