Whether you are having a bad day or a bad week. If you are looking for a movie that will make you laugh and forget about your problems. I do not think Role Models is this movie for you. <br /> <br /> The film revolves around Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Seann William Scott) two juice promoters, who go to schools promoting the product, telling kids to stay away from drugs and more juice. But Danny is having the worst week ever, and crashes his company car, with Wheeler on the bench next to him. His ex-girlfriend Beth (Elizabeth Banks), who is a lawyer, manages to avoid imprisonment while doing community service hours, volunteering for a big brother named Sturdy Wings, led by Gayle (Jane Lynch). Wheeler is assigned to Ronnie (Bobb'e J Thompson) who is 10 years old and has a dirty mouth like he was Chris Rock. Danny is cast for Augie (McLovins, Christopher Mintz-Plasse) who likes to dress up as a knight and fight as he is in medieval times. But is this good for Danny and Wheeler, or are they better off in jail? <br /> <br /> Okay, I'm not going to get back half way, this movie was very unpleasant in many ways. That is, the character Ronnie, hearing those expletives that come from such a young child, was very shocking. If he was a little older, he would not have much to do. I mean what your parents are thinking, when they signed it. The character of Elizabeth Banks is so uncontested that maybe I should feel bad for her character, but I did not feel anything because she is annoyingly predictably portrayed as a woman who would be touched in these types of comedies. And Jane Lynch, which is the worst of the worst. It offers the most exaggerated performance of all time. Playing an ex-drug addict who acts like he's still stoned. Hearing her give all that boring dialogue, made me want to throw my head against the wall. Seann William Scott again playing another Stifler as a character, he really should try to separate, and this movie will not do that. And the more Scott tries to be funny, is what keeps him from being funny. <br /> <br /> Now Paul Rudd, on the other hand, I'm going to separate myself from the others in the movie because he succeeds in delivering solid performance, although he does not get laughter, but he's the most interesting character in the movie rest. Cause Rudd does not exaggerate, and does not try so hard. The scenes with him and Mintz-Plasse are watchable. But the rest of the movie is so stupid that sometimes it happens. But this becomes so predictable and uninteresting. It's a reminder that these types of comedies do not try anything new, yet they are not at risk. Paper models is an example of this.
