(Only minor spoilers except when noted). <br /> <br /> I really liked Spanish cinema recently; both the Spanish cinema of people like Almodóvar and the Latin American cinema of directors like del Toro, whose superb "Espinha do Diabo", set in the Spanish Civil War, was the best horror film of the last decade. It is not surprising, therefore, that this film is well-made, successful and manages to sustain that distinctly different Spanish atmosphere. But it's also a nasty and purposeless movie, as one would expect not to have to see. <br /> <br /> What is the purpose of all this? We have no real idea of ​​what led the scary central character to embark on his killing despite the fact that large amounts of narration are drawn directly from his own narcissistic journal. In a routinely nasty opening sequence, set more than a decade earlier, we see the central character killing his girlfriend in a fury of jealousy and control-freakery ("if I can not have you, no one can?"). Curiously, this is perhaps one of the best sequences in the film, but it has no perceptible relationship to subsequent killing, which seems completely different in both motivation and execution. What happened to him in jail to cause this change? We have no idea, although we later discovered, as an absurd type of belated reflection, that he obtained a law degree while he was in prison. <br /> <br /> In Britain, in several of our notorious "serial killers" or "sex." murderer "cases, the awful question arises, and the wife? Did she know or suspect what was going on? This is a question that this movie might have asked, and in fact, the wife begins to emerge as one of the most intriguing characters. , banally the answer to the question is quite clear: "No, she does not." Even when a dramatic opportunity such as this is presented on a plate, the film still manages to destroy it.Everything that we actually achieved, outlined at the end, is your slightly amoral preparation to profit from the profits after the event. Compare this to the dreadful moment of revelation at Ten Rillington Place, where Christie's wife says "you know what I mean ??" thus sealing your own destiny and allowing us a shocked glimpse of unimaginable abysses of repressed knowledge and horror. (Main spoiler in this paragraph.) Meanwhile, we must believe that the killer himself is a crime mastermind who, comprehensive manner, tricks the police, thus ensuring the briefest incarcerations in a psychiatric hospital before being released, so that he can kill again. How exactly did he get it? The plot is extremely incomplete at this point; something to do with deliberately leaving certain clues to the police; but how all this works or why, or how the subsequent court case really continues, remains a mystery. <br /> <br /> In fact, I do not think serial killers are like this. The Silence of the Innocents may be a comic, but ?? Lecter aside? this leaves your serial killers right. They are deeply disturbed, deeply dysfunctional, deeply inadequate people; not the frighteningly charming genius presented here (intimately related to the equally implausible mild killer of The Last Horror Movie, or even the Man Bites Dog, though it seems not to have been noticed that this was a satire). <br /> /> This movie has little suspense and spoils the little intrigue that the plot may have generated. There is nothing useful to say about the motivations of serial killers, generally, or in the specific cultural environment of Spain. This is nothing more than a poorly designed excuse to show some misogynist violence to women. And strangely, what makes this violence even more repulsive is a certain affected failure of courage, even in the way it is presented. The soft central character of what is actually shown just makes it seem even more repulsively exciting. Only an explicit, timely shot would have been infinitely more shocking and would have made the rest completely unnecessary, freeing up more footage to fill the holes in the plot and characterization. Instead, we got endless footage of vulnerable young women scattered across a table in their beautiful, but slightly revealing underwear. Very, very scary. I'm sorry for being rude; I love horror movies and I can tolerate even the most extreme ones, to the point of even worrying my partner. But I think anyone who finds this movie good or interesting, even I would see me moving away. The goal of a horror movie is to scare you; this is just lascivious. <br /> <br /> It leaves a very bad taste in the mouth. I have to give this movie more of a star just because it runs competently but morally deserves nothing and should never have been done.
