Disappearance is set in the Mojave Desert as Jim (Harry Hamlin) and Patty Henley (Susan Dey), along with his two children Katie (Basia A'Hern) and Matt (Jeremey Lelliott) along with Ethan (Jamie Croft) a friend of family are traveling, they stop at a roadside restaurant and ask about an old deserted mining town on the map called Weaver. No one claims to have heard of him, but it's definitely there and the family decides to make a detour to check it out and take some photos. Once in town they take some pictures and take a look around, but when it comes time to leave the car will not start and they have to spend the night there. When they look around, they find a video camcorder that they play only to discover images of a frightened woman saying that all her friends disappeared the next morning and her car disappeared as things take a very sinister course. What is Weaver's secret? Will Henley come out alive ... Written, co-executive produced and directed by Walter Klenhard I have to say that the disappearance is one of the most frustrating films I've ever seen. For the first 85 minutes, it was a mysterious mix of suspense and horror film, but then we were presented with one of the worst moments in the history of cinema. The script suggests many different things, but never elaborates or confirms, and I was sitting genuinely intrigued about what was happening, the families car disappearing mysteriously, the four recent graves, the abandoned mines, the supernatural sandstorm, the sudden unexplained disappearance of Ethan and his unexplained reappearance, sheriff's sinister motives, the compass in the car going crazy, the plane crashed, the people of the city denying Weaver existed, and the possible side effects of a neutron bomb being thrown by Weaver in the 1940s but all they are thrown out of the window and all we know could have been totally separate random events. Everything was going very well and was created for a great twist revelation, but none was forthcoming and instead I was treated with the most ambiguous, strange, surreal and frankly frustrating ending possible. If nothing else the end contradicts much of what happened before and leaves the viewer with more questions than answers. It's almost as if the manufacturers had these great ideas, but they did not know what to do with them and just made the final on time. I just felt that I worked very hard to watch the movie, which can be very slow at times without any kind of reward. In fact, the end seemed more like a kick in the teeth or a good two-fingered salute! <br /> <br /> Director Klenhard does a reasonable job here, the old ghost town has a certain atmosphere and the large, expansive desert sites give a good feeling of seclusion. It's well done, but what were they thinking with that ending? Nothing fits, nothing makes sense and it's just a big frustrating mess that after sitting with the thing for almost an hour and a half leaves you confused and wondering more. Although it is a horror movie, there is no blood or blood, although there are one or two scary moments here and there. The film really resembles the remake of The Hills Have Eyes (2006) for large parties, as that is what the film is meant to be before a bizarre ending that does nothing to close the film. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is good with high production values, good special effects, scenarios, locations and cinematography. Set in America but filmed in South Australia. The acting is good from a decent cast. The disappearance is a really weird movie, for a long time it turns into a little horror mystery thriller but never explains anything that happens and the true surrealism ending just throws more questions than answers . I really can not see anyone making head or tail of it, I really can not.
