The disappearance is about a couple taking their families on vacation in New Mexico and is in trouble after taking a detour from the main highway to visit a city that was apparently abandoned in 1948 for unknown reasons. The town of Weaver seems harmless at first and has tourist appeal until the family gets stuck there at night and they begin to have good reason to suspect that others have had the same situation with fatal results. The Henleys watch a video diary of Blair-Witch-Project-esquire left by the city's last victim, which ironically demonstrates the best performance of anyone in this film. Although the performances of Hamlin and Dey are far better than supporting castles, their emotional affection seems "flat" to me throughout the film. <br /> <br /> The disappearance has appeal to most of the film, as there is much suspense and good direction. However, the plot takes unexpected and implausible turns that apparently do not make sense. Worse still, is that there is really no understanding of what exactly is going on in the film, which makes the bizarre ending less bearable. It seemed to me that the filmmakers were so focused on making a flow of suspense scenes that they threw out all the elements of the good story: plot development, gradual explanation of themes and symbols that lead to a cohesive solution / outcome. The hardest part of the movie for me was that the first three rooms were spent building tension and curiosity about certain aspects of the plot that were suddenly dismissed as if we had not done it. deserves an explanation: <br /> <br /> What was the meaning of the Indian symbols on the walls? What happened to the original people of Weaver? What was the connection with the people at dinner? What did the sheriff know? What did the missing boy find out, if anything? <br /> <br /> That was, I believe, a bad move, since it generated some resentment. I had invested a bit of intellectual power in the hypothesis of some plausible explanations for some of these strange twists and events, just so that the filmmakers would simply end up failing to respond to any of these things. These are some good moments of anguish towards the end of a miniseries that is about to happen again next week but a totally frustrating and inappropriate end to an independent film.
