This production never left the paper for me. The plot is so cut to the point of being disjointed and production is so short that unless you've read the novel or seen a better adaptation (like 1995's with Amanda Root) you'll be a little lost since there's no time for character development. <br /> <br /> I liked Sally Hawkins as Anne, but the rest of the cast fell far short of what it should have been. Mrs. Croft was too old, as was Anne's older sister, Elizabeth. Mary pronounced everything so strongly that the moodiness and selfishness of her character were lost. Much better was the Mary of Sophie Thompson, whose selfishness and sense of misuse is so well established that when Wentworth suggests that Anne be left with the wounded objects of Louisa and Mary that she, as Louisa's sister-in-law, should stay in her place, Imagine someone less suited to it. In this version, it can stand as it is insufficiently differentiated from any other person in the production. Rupert Penry-Jones is good to see, but he made a much better St. John Rivers (1995, Jane Eyre), probably because that character required less depth of implicit feeling. I agree with earlier comments about the show scene: it seemed more like he was trying to get rid of Anne than doing her a favor. In the same way, the scene of the accident: happens so fast and with so little context, you wonder what all this agitation is. And moving the discourse that Wentworth hears in the novel to the beginning of this production is a critical error that only contributes to the disjointed nature of the script. <br /> <br /> My other problem with this version was enlightenment. Sometimes it all seemed like a CSI morgue scene - very, very blue. At other times the lighting was so bad that it was difficult to distinguish the scene very well, as when Anne visits her old friend from school, Mrs. Smith (who, by the way, should be more or less paralyzed. Mr. Elliot's horrible character was such a rape that for a minute I could not think who she was-I thought she was one of Musgrove's girls, and she might as well have been.All the girls were practically interchangeable.) And the race scene at the end ... at a time when property was precious, it's hard to imagine the gentle Anne ripping the whole of Bath like crazy insane. How silly can you? Is very bad. Sally Hawkins had all the ingredients of a good Anne Elliot, but was completely paralyzed by an ill-organized script and overly truncated production.
