I love the stories of Jane Austen. I only read two of them (P & P and S & S) but after seeing this adaptation, I'm looking for "Persuasion" from my shelf just to understand the story, and also because I refuse to believe in Jane Austen could have written this nonsense. For me, I thought that if you base a movie on a Jane Austen novel, it can not really go wrong. It will look very good by default. I was wrong. <br /> <br /> First, where are the characters you like and like? You have to have at least one nice character to get the audience to invest their emotions in them, and that did not work. Of course, I wanted Anne and Wentworth to be together, but only because that's what you know the purpose of the story is for them to get together. Instead, I had to resist the urge to throw my cup of tea on the TV and keep watching until the end. <br /> <br /> Anne was completely annoying everywhere, and in the end, I really have no idea why Wentworth was. so wounded by it, as there seemed to be nothing for him to be attracted to. She was docile, bland, bland, socially inadequate, and looked like a sheep following everyone's instructions, instead of having a mind of her own. This may still work for a main character if you do it well. That was not well done. The other characters were exhibiting varying degrees of narcissism, of which Mary was the worst, with a narcissistic personality disorder. Where Mrs. Bennet at P & P had similar flaws, she was still kind, while Mary was another show of freak. More disgusting than funny. <br /> <br /> Wentworth was very handsome and looked like a decent guy. For most of the story, I was just wondering what kind of person he was and why he is in love with Anne, as surely as he is the kind of guy who would want a person who was a little more ... alive? Acting, not much to say, as I reacted more to the characters being portrayed, rather than how good / bad people acted. Anthony Head was excellent, but as soon as I saw he was in it, I expected no less. <br /> <br /> I also found the story very confusing. It was not until the end of the movie, where it looked like Elizabeth was not Anne's stepmother, but actually a sister (I'm still not 100% about it). The whole Anne / Wentworth story was also a bit confusing. They were together, but then they separated and are both bitter about it? Because? I had been asking myself this for some time, and the explanation seemed to be that she dismissed it because she was persuaded to do it for someone else? But it was said in a kind of "by the way" that was almost lost, as if it were somehow unimportant. How can it be unimportant when it is the core of the story? There was also a lot of names falling, but no real sense of who the characters were. This person from Louisa, for example, who was she? A friend? Family? What? It was not very clear who the different characters are and their relationship to each other. Lady Russell was there a lot, but why? Mrs. Croft and Wentworth were brother and sister, which was very unreal, since Mrs. Croft seemed old enough to be her mother. <br /> <br /> The final kiss, yes, it was a little strange that they kissed on the street, but I did not really think about it, because I was too busy screaming "START WITH ALREADY !!" on TV, because Anne's lips trembled and quivered and quivered for what seemed like ages before actually meeting Wentworth. HAVE some hesitation over there, but only for a few seconds or more, not even half a minute. <br /> <br /> Then there is the question of camera work. As a regular observer of movies, you do not pay attention to angles and unless you decide to look for them. I did not decide to do it here, but I still noticed them. For me, that means the filmmakers are not doing a good job. Many conversations have been with extreme facial close-ups, something that should only be used when there is a really important point to be made. In this adaptation, it was overused and therefore lacked meaning. The occasional hand feeling also did not work in a period drama. The camera work in the scene running at the end also looked very contemporary. (Not to mention the race itself.) This was the only adaptation of Austen that I picked up in ITV's Austen season. Makes me wonder if it's worth watching "Northanger Abbey" and "Mansfield Park" or if I should just read the books and leave right there. I'm sad to say, this is an adaptation of Jane Austen that I did not like. Maybe I watch the 1995 version. The BBC is known to have made beautiful adaptations of Austen before, after all.
