I really did not want to watch this. It seemed to be an old Raj Kanwar movie that upset me even before I started watching it because I do not consider it anywhere near being mediocre as a filmmaker. The only reason I took this is obviously the appearance of Shahrukh Khan in the film. I did not even know what the movie was because I was sure it would just be an ordinary fairy tale. So I just imagined a love story between Shahrukh Khan and Divya Bharti with a substantial supporting role of Rishi Kapoor, which I thought would be playing his father or uncle. And to my complete shock, Rishi Kapoor is actually the hero! He is the one who romances the young Divya! I was sad to find that Shahrukh had a small part of no substance and that too, only in the second part of this silly movie. <br /> <br /> Just let me repeat the question: why a year of 17 years old did Divya fall in love with more than 40 long-haired pigs, plump and swollen like Rishi Kapoor? Rishi Kapoor should be ashamed to assume this part; the only thing he did was ridicule. He dated a girl who could logically be younger than her own daughter and make matters worse - act like a teenager in her forties. In addition, just to become more pathetic, he plays a pop star ... <br /> <br /> To make things clear, I have no problem with actors dating women much younger than themselves. As long as they make a convincing couple, it will not be a problem. In fact, the main actors have always been cast for opposing girls (Amitabh Bachchan-Sridevi, Mithun Chakraborty-Madhuri Dixit, Shahrukh Khan-Deepika, Salman Khan-Sneha Ullal) and did the pairing very well. Also, I have nothing against Rishi Kapoor, I think he is a good actor, and his act in Bobby is still well engraved in my heart, but it is not that he looks in this film as, say, Shahrukh Khan, Salman Khan or Aamir Khan looks today. <br /> <br /> That was a disappointment. Oh, and as for the reason each person actually watch this movie, Shahrukh Khan made a good debut. He excelled at the little that his part allowed him to do. The late Divya Bharti made a promising debut as well. If you want to watch this movie, go to the second half only. Personally, I would not do that.
