I'm not one of those people who will leave a movie that was based on source material and automatically say, "The book was better." I know better than lowering the value of a movie just because it was not a faithful adaptation. There is a long process and many decisions that are taken to make a movie that is sometimes beyond the control of the director / editor / filmmaker / producer and certainly beyond the control of the original author. So it is not reasonable to expect a movie to be exactly the same, word for word, like a book or game or video game or Disneyland Ride, or whatever! A film should be judged on its own standard and how it fits into society. In addition, a successful film must be made because the material is relevant to the society to which it belongs and, if it is based on source material, its relevance needs to be reexamined and improved by the filmmakers. Films like Blood will follow this paradigm because, although it was based on a novel written at the turn of the century, Oil! seems relevant because of things like the Iraq war and energy concerns that the country of origin of the film, the US, was and is experimenting. Even King Kong, based on the original film, benefits from the use of new technologies and animal rights concerns that people have. <br /> <br /> That being said, I do not understand why they bothered to make this movie. ? In addition to the great acting, guaranteed Oscar nods and director / writers / Shanley's fee and royalty, he will succeed, this movie seems to come out of nowhere. It should have just stayed like a play. The film (which is essentially the same as the play) says nothing new about the reprehensible sexual atrocities committed and in many cases overturned by the Catholic Church here and abroad. It does not say anything new or different from the original game. I can not help but compare this movie with another movie that came out at the same time: Frost / Nixon, which was also based on one piece. Frost / Nixon, despite Nixon's regrets, seems relevant because it seems to have occurred at a time when President Bush was about to leave office. The regrets that Nixon had, as described in the play / film, about the war and its presidency could easily reflect on Bush and his presidency. In this regard, Frost / Nixon seemed more relevant and actually benefited from a wider distribution through film because it made people talk and reflect on the political status quo in the country at the time. In contrast, Doubt looked like it was yesterday's news and did not seem to offer anything the play did not offer. <br /> <br /> Of course the film is "good", the performances are excellent, and the script adaptation is apt, but so what? Why was not it just a play? Why, apart from financial and marketing reasons, is it a movie? He did not give the public anything new to discuss about the horrible subject.
