The Oscar season has come, which means that a number of these engaging and powerful films are in every theater, hoping to win an audience and get the chance to win the Best Film at the big show. Among them is this movie which is based on a very popular and acclaimed game. The original playwright was actually the writer and director of film adaptation; which comes as a two-edged sword. On the one hand, who better to translate the piece than the original writer? On the other hand, who better not to see the mistakes and disadvantages of the piece and fix them than the original writer himself? Doubt mixes excellent acting and lots of tension and suspense; with a frustrating end, unnecessary dialogue, questionable direction and, of course, the inability to provide substantial answers. It is a growing trend among these "high caliber" movies not to answer every question that it provides, and this has to stop. <br /> <br /> Doubt is like a joke without your punch line, like a book with the 20 missing end pages, like missing the reception while watching the fourth quarter of a much-played football game, and how not having the 50 cents to continue playing the arcade game and see what happens next. Doubt, just like the previous best frustrating filmfest no country for old men, really does not end; does not provide us with considerable answers, nor does it provide us enough to discover the end. Yes, that was the intention, but this is not a test of humanity, it's an excuse. I do not pay money to see an unfinished work, I pay money to see a beginning, middle and end, and I pray that I will not fall asleep during all three acts. We are required to become the "writers" of the film, filling in the blank on what happened before and what will happen to the characters we have seen shouting at each other. <br /> <br /> This little drama is about a nun (Meryl Streep) who seems pretty sure that the well-beloved priest (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is making sexual advances toward a child going to church; the first African-American boy in the Catholic church. The church is secretly divided as to whether it is actually committing heinous sins behind everyone's back. The plot thickens as some of the children begin to behave differently, which attracts the attention of a young teacher (Amy Adams). The story is set soon after the assassination of John F. Kennedy, who shook the nation for a long time and questioned their faith in humanity and one another. <br /> <br /> Doubt's strengths come in the acting set and also the ever-evolving thriller that develops slowly and never ends. Streep seems to be Oscar-worthy in all roles she plays, and here she is no different as her severity and her cold demeanor put a cloak of fear on all students and some church staff members. Hoffman stands out once again as the priest, by successfully mingling suspicions with a charming personality and a friendly aura. The seemingly hypocritical personality is difficult to do, especially when we should like it and also reflect on it at the same time; but Hoffman hits the plate against one of the best actresses of our generation and delivers fantastically. When these two argue, you can hear the fireworks fly without ever seeing one of them being launched. But let's not forget Amy Adams (Enchanted) and Viola Davis (Law ad Order) for their excellent work as well. Doubt's cast is among the best of 2008. <br /> <br /> However, as we stated earlier, it is the writing and direction that spoils this movie, especially when it reduces the third act. The questions appear but are not answered. The characters appear, but do not provide real enhancement to the plot. Children behave differently, but we never find out why. There are strange angles in the camera work and there is no real reason for that. John Patrick Shanley, the playwright, had an earlier film in his directing repertoire: Joe Versus the Volcano. Whether it is pure arrogance or stupidity, we are stuck to seeing exaggerated sequences of random conversations, annoying chatter that is useless (there was a two-minute discussion of coffee and how much sugar the priest wanted), thanks to Mr. Shanley. Bottom line: The lack of an ending is a stupid trend that is just as annoying as the camera in action movies. It does not matter that we have a talented cast of actors, decent filmmaking, a good story being worked on, or good use of sound and music; because we have a flood of unanswered questions that spread throughout the movie that is over 100 minutes long and does not end! The translation of the game into the movie is good and fairly accurate because we have the original crazy behind the project but it also took the stupid mistakes and sobs from the play to the movie. This decade saw their share of hit and hit movies that could have gotten a much higher score if they decided to add a few more minutes of footage and actually finished: Sideways, Cast Away, No Country For Old Men, Burn After Reading are some examples. <br /> <br /> Newsflash: finish your stinky movie. Please or at least provide a fair amount of clues so that we can easily fill in the blank (like the depressing Wall-E stories), instead of looking at space, when the credits start rolling and you get a feeling of emptiness, confusion and mental anguish. Have a beginning, middle and end please !! As a critic, I prefer that my films be complete, not incomplete. Doubt seems incomplete, and that is why it receives an incompetent note. <br /> <br /> Someone has to break this stupid trend.
