Intergalactic criminal Kol (Ross Hagen) has been sentenced to death and is awaiting execution on a spacecraft designed for this purpose. But tonight there will be a jailbreak, and Kol flees in a conveniently located escape pod and flies toward Earth (which is apparently nearby). There he confronts a group of "teens" (who are 30) and a game director (John Phillip Law), who helps protect him from his worst nightmare ... the bounty hunter and the android executor (or more properly "ginoid") Alienator. <br /> <br /> From the cover of the box, I was confident that this would be a horrible movie. But, as awful as it might have been, it was a lot of fun too (probably, at least in part, because I was watching with someone who is intensely amazing). The director (Fred Olen Ray), who specializes in making over a hundred low-level movies (most notably "Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers"), does what he does best and plays a plot that only makes sense and gives us special rudimentary effects. Bonuses: P.J. Soles appears (as "Tara"), obviously at a low point in his career. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are holes in the plot. Why there are backwoods in California (supposedly in Los Angeles County if I understood the director correctly). What's up with the space woman's bootie? Why is there a subplot about the captain trying to win his heart when this story gets nowhere? What the hell is "Quadrant 5"? How does chicken wire create an electromagnetic field that will cause a short circuit in an android, although land mines do virtually nothing? Why does Kol look like a drunk, Native American footballer with emphysema? And the face of Lund (Robert Clarke) ... does your character have a point? Does the game he plays with the captain have a point? Does this movie have a point? But the biggest mystery is the Alien's android (or gyroid), played by Teagan Clive. What is an "alienator"? Why does Daryl Hannah look like "Blade Runner", just much bigger? Because, see, if something is a cyborg, it's human part. But if it's an android, it's all machine. This was an android, so there was no reason to look human. It could have looked like anything. However, the person who designed it made her the size of a linebacker, with David Bowie's hair and a collant that shows me a bit too much. If you were to make a female android, would not it be that she was seductive and would attract enemies? Mission not fulfilled. They say beauty comes in all shapes and sizes, but I think I've found a big exception. If "Mystery Science Theater 3000" was still out there today, this movie would be on a very short list of movies. <br /> <br /> In addition to the Alienator (sorry, Teagan, female weightlifters are rude) the movie is fine. Maybe there is not much history and maybe the characters are not really very interesting. And maybe the scene with the deer is incredibly adorable for no particular reason - what use has a killer robot with a deer? But overall, I really enjoyed the movie. I'm not going to be pimping to my friends or running to my local video store to grab the latest DVD copy (which I'm sure is only packed with incredible special features - no). But I think this movie time was well spent and I look forward to similar adventures in the future.
