Made a year before the ILSA, SHE-WOLF OF THE SS, BLACKSNAKE could easily have been called SUSAN, SHE-WOLF OF THE PLANTATION and probably inspired the producers behind the Nazi sexual exploitation epics to go ahead with their most infamous films because the stories are the same: a beautiful, horny blonde woman with a strong (but stupid) head degrades and kills many people under her control, whom everyone hates her and wants her dead. Sound familiar? Director Russ Meyer and David Friedman, the producer behind the ILSA films, are good friends and have started their careers together. So obviously there is a connection there. Looking at BLACKSNAKE, I can not help but think that Russ Meyer wanted to move on and do more than just his epic quaint women because XXX movies were the fashion in the mid-1970s, and Russ Meyer's films, though full of nudity and perplexity and violence, were never even close to real pornography. His films began to look positively picturesque alongside DEEP THROAT and other hard-core porn blockbusters. Meyer knew he could not compete with these films and BLACKSNAKE is kind of the end result of such a dilemma in his career. He obviously wanted to branch out into different unmapped territories. But BLACKSNAKE bombed on the B.O. and Meyer quickly returned to making VIXEN-like movies that, even if they were not pornographic yet, were definitely more exaggerated than any of his previous films. <br /> <br /> No wonder BLACKSNAKE was a BO failure. It's just terrible. Trash-o-branch. To fall the chin of bad. It's an almost campy take on slavery if you can imagine it. The end result is shocking. In a minute, we are in typical Meyer territory: exuberant, playful and silly, and then the next minute, super serious meditation on slavery and violence. There is? It just does not work. The aspect of slavery / racism is woefully wrong and turns this movie into the true category of exploitation. But BLACKSNAKE is not as scruffy as ILSA SHE WOLF OF THE SS and that kind of movie, so I imagine fans of the latter were disappointed by that, which would explain the almost lack of interest in this film from both the fan base and the fans by Russ Meyer. . Meyer blames the failure of BLACKSNAKE because, and I quote, "I did not have enough breasts." Well, I'm sorry Russ, but the movie is just bad, breasts or no breasts. But he's right about the low breast count. Except for Anouska and the maid, the cast of the movie is male. Meyer replaces his usual flock of chubby babies with a multitude of chunks with huge breasts, in the form of anonymous black actors playing the slaves and the great David (Darth Vader) Prowse. And with Anouska's right hand around, who is portrayed as a relentless but intelligent gay man who likes the power he has over men, one can only imagine what Meyer was really trying to create here. BLACKSNAKE star David Warbeck, who is coveted by Anouska and his right arm. Poor David. He seems totally confused by the whole experience. He seemed to have fun making the movie, but you can clearly see that sometimes he has no idea what's going on. And then there's Anouska Hempel. She's a pretty woman ... in the 1970s, not the 1870s. With makeup and hair, she looks like a typical 1970s British girl than a turn-of-the-century dominatrix. And her wardrobe is hilarious. All at once, she really unzips her leather boots! I did not know they had zippers in those days. But the character she plays is, in itself, really demeaning (no pun intended). It is but a cipher for the object of lust and contempt of all men (and that woman) on the island. For example, one night when David and Anouska are doing this, their irritating slave driver enters the room, knocks David unconscious and tries to rape her, groping her wildly. The next day, the slave driver is still working for Anouska and the two act as if nothing had happened. It's totally ridiculous. Under any circumstance, if his character were a real person, Anouska would have whipped the senseless slave driver and kicked his butt off the island. Or even killed him. But the fact that the woman keeps him on his plantation after he has tried to rape her is stretching the fragile history and credulity of the characters to the fullest. <br /> <br /> Ridiculous details like this, and the completely surprising blaspheming angle makes BLACKSNAKE a strangely unpleasant but watchable movie. Watchable in variety of train wreckage. I just could not help but watch the film for the unfounded aspects of everything (excellent cinematography makes it easier to watch). So, being this an exploration movie, I think I've managed to do what I should do. But BLACKSNAKE is mainly for Russ Meyer finalists.
