At a time when the constitution and principles upon which the United States was founded are crushed by a desperate administration to divert attention from its own internal problems, where the Geneva Convention, human rights and foreign sovereignty are dismissed without remorse , a thriller about the state. illegal action far in excess of that of the terrorists who are fighting may seem appropriate. However, if you want to watch a movie about it, try THE SIEGE with flaws from Ed Zwick, because NADA is one of the most childish 'political' thrillers of all time. Like Robert Altman's PRET-A-PORTER, the director took up a subject that he seems completely ignorant of, and imprints his ignorance on almost every picture. <br /> <br /> His terrorists are a wildly unconvincing group of stereotypes - Fabio Testi dresses up as if he was doing a test for the track 'Spy vs. Spy'. Spy 'from Michel Magazine, Michel Duchaus behaves like an absurd KIDS IN THE HALL by sociology professor Hell, Mariangela Melato, a middle-class revolutionary aspirant who behaves in every unconvincing plot turns as if they want to be caught. The corrupt authorities do a little better, but they are still painted in unconvincing lines. <br /> <br /> It's possible to make a clever movie about stupid people (cf ELECTION), but this is a dumb movie about dumb people made by people who think they are intellectuals who are speaking to the masses. In fact, if someone were to rephrase Testi, Duchaussoy and Melato with Jim Varney, Johnny Knoxville and Shannon Tweed, the result would actually increase the intellectual content of the film, not diminish it. <br /> <br /> Chabrol can only get away from his characters and events if he takes them seriously, but his acting is so inept (the fight scenes would embarrass a class from kindergarten while filming the kidnapping is more inept that the kidnapping itself) and its inability to get cast to act with at least some approximation of recognizable human behavior so flagrant that it is really embarrassing to watch (special mention must be made here of Duchaussoy: so good in WHAT LA BETE DIES from Chabrol, he's incredibly bad here in a performance that's so far from the top that he's back again. <br /> <br /> Chabrol made some good movies but you would never guess that amateur mess - a newcomer to your work I would never want to see another one of your movies, movies after that, which would be a great shame, total nonsense and a sad waste of a potentially interesting material. is very generous.
