I watched a few episodes of this program and discovered that certain elements are quite interesting considering medical facts that can be learned. But this is totally overshadowed and destroyed by the endless immoral relationships of the characters in the series. Everyone seems to have slept with just about everyone, even during work hours, which is ridiculously unrealistic. There does not seem to be a solid and enduring marriage or relationship throughout the show - all are divided and lurking - hardly a true reflection of all Americans. In fact, there is a total lack of respect for marriage or monogamy and it is truly futile. <br /> <br /> So we are presented with small and endless moral "dilemmas" and they are usually solved in such a way that it demeans anyone. who does not agree with the omniscient degenerate management and private clinic staff. For example, in one of the more recent episodes, we are faced with an extremely rare situation of a baby born with an uncertain gender and Addison refuses to perform the surgery because we should let the baby decide his sex later. . Anyone who disagrees with this is portrayed as immature and stupid. <br /> <br /> And I think anyone who opposes abortion would be offended by the way the program treats the pro-life. Addison commented that no man was allowed to have an opinion on the subject and only a black character was given dignity for opposing abortion on moral grounds. The general feeling was that if you opposed abortion, you are a freak - hardly the popular sentiment in America. Two of the main characters in the program argue indifferently that they had abortions when they were younger and did not apologize or regret, even though surveys show that women may experience severe depression. What's more a girl comes to the clinic for an abortion and then thanks the staff on the way out and someone talks about how they were helping this young man and it was like something to rejoice. The script could have been written by Planned Parenthood. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is an inexpensive show that does not have much of a future, unless it decides to present more real relationships instead of just unbelievable soap opera relationships and forged medical situations everywhere. whole show.
