The Choke begins as a rock band known as The Choke getting ready for a gig at a club called 'Club 905' owned and managed by Guy Johnson (Andrew Parker). Dylan (Sean Cook) and guitarist Mike (Jason McKee) plan to tell the other members of the band, bassist London (Brooke Bailey) and drummer Nancy (Tom Olson) that they are going alone and their services are not necessary longer. Once in the club, Dylan prepares, but Mike does not appear and the show turns into a disaster. So, as soon as the band thinks things could not get any worse, they find a corpse in the basement, that all the doors were locked so they can not leave and that they can not trust anyone, because a mysterious killer starts picking them off one-by-one ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Juan A. Mas Choke is a teen slasher by default who really has nothing in his favor. The screenplay for Jessica Dolan and Susannah Lowber (there are not many horror films written by women) has a surprisingly good character and some interesting dialogues, but it's much better than a modern shot on a type of horror camcorder. in this respect, is so slow and boring that even some interesting characters do not come close to saving him. As you would expect, all the usual clichés of teen slasher are used, from the isolated place from which the victims can not escape, the cast of beautiful teenagers who continue to split up, some murders and a very bad ending trying to imitate something like Scream (1996) and be amazing but it does not make much sense when you think about it logically (they could not have done some of the things they should) and to make things even worse I guessed who killer was pretty early and although I do not want Bragging I was on the spot. Then there's the fact that the creators of The Choke thought the audience would be entertained by showing interminable scenes (well, it seems endless while watching) of teenagers walking down dark corridors without doing anything in particular, I'm sorry, but there are so many scenes like the one I can have before I start to get bored. The death count is low, at first everyone decides to be together (good idea) but then everyone decides to separate and go their separate ways (bad idea when there is a murderer on the loose), the pace is lethargic, killing scenes are unimaginable And, above all, the end of the twist is bad. <br /> <br /> The director But okay, the movie looks good for the most part, although there are strange occasions in which he uses an annoying post. production editing technique such as slow motion or jumping frame. Bloody levels are not really enough, there are a few blood splatters, a guy with a hole in his chest, some corpses and somebody impaled on some metal masts. Most of the kill happens off-screen with the ax killing in the end a good example of the movie not really showing anything. As the movie is about a rock band, there is a rock band oriented towards rock, with some really horrible rock songs used in it. Sorry rock fans, but to my ears that crap is just noise pollution. It's not scary, there's no real atmosphere and the lack of blood and blood is inexcusable when the rest of the film is so bad. With a supposed budget of about $ 1,000,000, the Choke is well done with reasonable production values, it seems cheap to be sure, but not as cheap as many low budget horror movies. Filmed at a place called Spokane in Washington, apparently. The acting is one of the strongest points of the film, as it is generally very good everywhere, I mean no one will win an Oscar, but it is not half bad. <br /> <br /> Choke is a routine. The teen scream style slasher that has one of the weakest twist terminations ever & a criminal lack of blood, gore, violence, nudity & corpses. I mean, if a slasher does not have sex or blood, then what's the point? Those are the only things worth paying attention to the average slasher, right?
