I went to see "Evening" because of the cast. I had come to see "Norman's Room" for that reason - that movie featuring Diane Keaton, Leonardo De Caprio and also Meryl Streep - and I loved every minute of it. The same goes for "The Notebook", despite being a flick-flit. And my feeling was that anything that offered performances by Vanessa Redgrave, Meryl Streep, Patrick Wilson and Glenn Close would be at least as good. Instead, I have discovered that sometimes even the greatest actors can not overcome trivial materials, simplistic and - on one occasion - truly offensive. <br /> <br /> Now, I had no problem with the way the film was structured. I really like movies that cut back and forth in time to tell a story ... as long as one era illuminates the other and vice verse. But while Vanessa's character was on her deathbed and reminiscing about a past event, she felt that "it was a mistake" was fascinating, sometimes the part that actually showed what that "past mistake" did nothing to clarify the subject matter. In fact, that makes it seem meaningless in the most ridiculous form of "girl meets boy, girl gets boy, girl loses boy", and in the most unbelievable, clichéd and ill-mannered way possible. <br /> <br /> And here are spoilers, so keep that in mind if you keep reading. <br /> <br /> First, Claire Danes was brutally a miscado. Not only does she not even begin to resemble Vanessa Redgrave as a young woman, she has nowhere near the chops when it comes to acting. Do not misunderstand me, she may be good at the right role - except that's not the case. And Patrick Wilson was miscast, although he has the acting skills to almost get him. He would have been more suited to the role that Hugh Dancy played - the rich and confused WASP - and not the object of sexual attraction by one and all; it's a little WASP-y for that. Hugh Dancy? One note - "I'm a tortured drunk and I wait until you find out why." And the "why" (I am a case in the closet in a sexually repressed world, so I have to drink in excess and play stupid role in front of everyone I know) was so offensive to me and the way he died (as you knew he would do because it's the only thing that could happen to a fagot in the fifties) so ridiculous, misunderstood and ill-treated, I almost threw my candy on the screen. <br /> <br /> As for the modern part between Toni Collette and her sister, her fear of commitment, her jealousy of her sister's "perfect life," her sister wondering if she made the right choices, her pregnancy, and her boyfriend perfect (which could have been more interesting and meaningful if interpreted by Patrick Wilson, and Ebon Moss-Bachrach could have been a more interesting Harris, given his dreamy eyes) - all this was discussed in the 1970s and 1980s. And in much greater depth. Do we really have to introduce it, again, and everything as if it were new and important? Meryl Streep does not even appear until the last ten minutes of the movie, all in an old lady's makeup that hides many of her facial expressions. She's still good, but only because it's Meryl, and Meryl can find a way to get the most idiotic dialogue under the heaviest makeup. <br /> <br /> So for simplicity, this movie has all the cliches in the world. "really meaningful message" movie book, and adds some that really had no business being presented, again. With two hours in duration and with the song "Lifetime Movie-of-the-week" that is guaranteed to rub you raw, it is a complete failure in both "significant" and "moviemaking" aspects. I give "3" just because of Meryl and Vanessa. <br /> <br /> Now, if all you require of your movies is twadd le, then please put my comments on "Evening" aside and have the time of your life. But if you want a truly meaningful experience being served by great actors and filmmakers who know what to do with a simple story about life and death and all the nonsense it brings, rent "Norman's Room" and find out what really is a great performance .
