Carriers follows the exploits of two guys and two girls in a stolen Mercedes with the words "road warrior" on the hood, running down the road to the beach with surfboards tied to the top of the car. Brian ("Star Trek" Chris Pine) is driving and his girlfriend Bobby (Piper Perabo of "Coyote Ugly") has shotgun while Brian's younger brother Danny (Lou Taylor Pucci of "Fanboys") and his friend - not exactly girlfriend - Kate (Emily VanCamp of "The Ring 2") occupies the backseat. This twenty-something character quartet is living a nightmare. Apparently, a viral pandemic - which co-directors and co-scenarists Alex Pastor and David Pastor tell us absolutely nothing about - devastated America. Of course, the lack of exposure slows down by at least fifteen minutes, which would have delayed this cynical melodrama about how humans degenerate into a crisis and become their worst enemies. <br /> <br /> This lethal virus provides the tiles and then you bleed and die. Almost everyone walks around wearing those white masks tied to the nose and mouth by a thin elastic. Initially, this quartet encounters a desperate father, Frank (Christopher Meloni of "Runaway Bride"), and his cute little daughter Jodie (Kiernan Shipka of "Land of the Lost") blocking the highway with his SUV. Brian turns around Frank when he tries to put them aside, but in the process, the oil sump in his Mercedes breaks down and they end up walking. Reluctantly, they take a ride with Frank after they seal Jodie in the back of the SUV. She wears a mask over her nose and mouth and is splattered with blood. Frank has heard that doctors are healing sick people in a hospital and they go there. Unfortunately, someone lied to Frank. The hospital doctor is giving the last two kids some Kool-Aid that will put them out of their misery. The cure did not improve her condition. Everybody in the city is dead. Kate tries, unsuccessfully, to get a dial tone on all phones. Frank realizes that there is no hope for his daughter and he lets the heroic quartet seize his SUV and take off. <br /> <br /> In fact, "Carriers" qualify as a relentlessly depressing film about the effects of a four-fold pandemic. supportive people who degenerate into homicidal murderers to protect themselves. They arrive at a country club and have fun on a golf course until four others appear in suits and masks with action shotguns. Incredibly, our protagonists manage to escape without being shot, but Brian is scared when he almost falls into the water with a floating corpse. Eventually, they discover that one of them has been infected. Later, when they are about to run out of gas, Brian blocks the road as Frank did at first. Danny tries to stop a couple of older Christian women driving the car. Danny lies that his pregnant wife is about to give birth and he needs your help. Brian throws caution in the wind and shoots the women with his automatic pistol when they refuse to help them. Brian takes a slug on the passenger's leg, but he kills her. <br /> <br /> No, "Carriers" is not a beer and pizza movie that you can laugh or laugh at because the humor is virtually non-existent. At the end of this 84-minute movie, our heroes have turned into villains who only care about themselves and their difficulties. Chris Pine impresses a lot when Brian and his energetic performance are the only reason to stay with this hokum, while the only other well-known actress, Piper Perabo, is relegated to an inconsequential girlfriend role. Like Bobby, it makes tragic the mistake of showing compassion to a dying girl who pays a high price. It is a testament to Pine's performance that he can change his character to the point of standing before others. Essentially, Pine has the only role that gives him the ability to pull a person out of an eighty, from a carefree guy to a heartless guy. <br /> <br /> The two directors are Spanish brothers and never leave the flag of the moment. As there is no relief in sight, "Carriers" sink in predictability. The "irreversible" cinematographer Benoît Debie does a fantastic job with his widescreen lenses and as unpleasant as this trip becomes, Debie makes it look like a dynamic movie. In addition to the lack of a happy ending or closure in any sense of the word, "Carriers" suffers because it is so horribly cynical. The scene in which the German shepherd attacks Danny evokes more suspense, but could even have been improved. Unfortunately, the Pastor brothers do not scare much tension or suspense. By fade-out, you really do not care what happens to anyone.
