SPOILERS Quite often, Shakespeare's adaptations of Hollywood entertain movies. Beautifully filmed they are well executed and faithful to the text. Films such as Branagh's "Henry V," and "Much Ado About Nothing," 1993, are powerful works. Watching "Love's Labor's Lost" therefore is a big disappointment for the expectation to be so horribly thrown into the trash. Unfortunately "Love's Labor's Lost" is awful! The King of Navarre (Alessandro Nivola) and his friends have abandoned drinking and women for three years to focus on their studies. Plans begin to crumble, however, when the enigmatic Princess of France (Alicia Silverstone) and her entourage arrive. Soon love is in the air and philosophy is out of the mind of the Prince. From the beginning, you realize that this film is not exactly Shakespeare. Cleverly relocated in a 1930s musical by Ken Branagh, the plot is still there and the script remains, but now it has been sacrificed in favor of a terrible musical taste. Classics like "The way you look tonight," "Let's face music and dance," "I'm in paradise" are all destroyed by a weak corner and a strong feeling that they simply do not belong here. In addition to singing weak, we are also treated with a growing number of clumsy performances of regular stars. Ken Branagh and his friends may enjoy making this movie, but they provide us with a collection of roles in the stomach. <br /> <br /> The top eight actors (four men and four women) are all equally mediocre, and the only positive in their name is a big improvement over the truly terrible Timothy Spall. <br /> <br /> In fact, only one individual leaves the movie worthy of any compliment and this is the always magnificent Nathan Lane. Lane has proven over the years that he is a comedy genius and in that regard he once again adds an air of humor to the silly Costard. <br /> <br /> There is not much to really talk about. "Love's Labor's Lost" deserves a faint praise for Branagh's original in an old tale. Unfortunately, that's where the good points end. Weakly acted, interpreted, sung and built, "Love's Labor's Lost" is perhaps the weakest Shakespeare adaptation of the last forty years. It should be avoided like the plague and should never have been done. A poor and disappointing choice of Branagh and we hope your next effort will be better.
