By the late 1970s, animator Don Bluth, frustrated with the production of his company, Disney was agitated, defected from the House of the Rats to form his own studio. His first production, THE SECRET OF NIMH, was a brilliant feature that still holds good until today. This was followed by AN American TAIL and THE LAND BEFORE TIME, both made under the involvement of Steven Spielberg and had commercial success. Although none of these two films have the dark adult appeal of NIMH, they are still very charming and enjoyable features for children and adults alike. But in a short time, Don Bluth had his first major failure with ALL THE DOGS GOING TO HEAVEN; the critics were especially harsh with this film, and the issues were not helped by being opened alongside THE LITTLE SER SERID of Disney. <br /> <br /> Since the film has such a friendly title, one would expect DOGS TO GO TO HEAVEN to be a pleasant family meal. Instead, Bluth offers a surprisingly dark story involving gambling, fraud, crime, mistreatment, and murder. That alone is not a problem for a word-of-mouth feature, but it casts doubt on whether the movie is for children. On the other hand, it is hard to tell if adults will find much to enjoy in ALL DOGS GOING TO SKY. In short, it's a movie with a major identity crisis. <br /> <br /> Set in a gloomy junkyard of New Orleans, the film begins when Charlie B. Barkin, a rude German shepherd, is executed. by a car, courtesy of his former casino partner, a nasty and ciggy pit bull, Carface. Before you know it, Charlie is in heaven, though by default. Here an angel whippet, Annabelle, tells him that "all dogs go to heaven because unlike people, dogs are usually loyal and kind." This line represents the confusing nature of the film, since the movie dogs, except the whippet, are presented as something different. <br /> <br /> Upon realizing that he was murdered, Charlie steals his way back to Earth and plots to stay with Carface. With the reluctant help of his dachshund friend Itchy, Charlie "rescues" the Carface award, AnneMarie, a human girl who can talk to animals (in order to predict who will win races). Charlie claims that he will help the little fluffy girl find a family but in reality he is using his skills to earn fortunes in the race so he can build a more elaborate casino to bring Carface down. Though he refuses to admit it, Charlie loves Anne Marie ... The concept of the story is not as problematic as execution. In addition to the human girl AnneMarie and an extravagant musical alligator that appears around three quarters (with Ken Page's vocals), none of the other characters is so nice, or frankly, that it's worth worrying about. Unfortunately, this also applies to Charlie; in an attempt to make him an anti-hero, the script (composed of more than ten writers) can only render the character so as not to be worthy of love. As such, the public does not feel empathy for Charlie and, worse, his redemption at the end of the film does not seem convincing. (What detracts most from the character is Burt Reynolds' disappointing and vocal performance.) In addition to the lack of a captivating connection, the film's other problem lies in the structure of the story. The slow-paced storyline jumps all over the place and creates the habit of releasing extra scenes that are useless beyond tracking the movie's runtime. The previously mentioned musical alligator (who lives in a sewage infested with native rats) seems to have been thrown out of nowhere, as well as a scene in which Charlie tries to show his generosity to Anne Marie by feeding a package of pastel-colored puppies. The whole script looks like a first draft; a little more polishing could have made it a more shocking and shocking story. <br /> <br /> The questions are not helped by Charlie Strouse and TJ Kuenster's bland musical numbers (AnneMarie's song and the alligator's ballad are the only good ones, the latter in particular, melon of Ken Page) or the irregular voice cast. As mentioned, Burt Reynolds' hard and lifeless Charlie further diminishes his already despicable character (the only exception being an ardent confession to Itchy about his true intentions to the end). Dom DeLuise as Itchy is very good, but he had better roles, especially Tiger in AN American TAIL and Jeremy in THE SECRET OF NIMH. Ken Page, as mentioned, is incredible in anything he does, but his character has such a small part that his overall contribution is nothing remarkable. Similarly, Loni Anderson (as a collie who once spawned a litter with Charlie), Melba Moore and Charles Nelson Reilly, are also wasted. Judith Barsi as AnneMarie is probably the only voice that seems truly memorable, partly because her character is the only legitimately kind in this depressing and unlucky show. <br /> <br /> Barsi aside, the only real positive about ALL DOGS GOING TO HEAVEN is the animation. Technically, this movie has some of Bluth's most creative visuals (by the 1980's, that is), particularly a scary scene where Charlie has a nightmare of ending up in a fiery underworld ruled by a giant satanic canine-demon. If anything, the film is more a triumph of animation than telling stories. <br /> <br /> Overall, however, I can not recommend ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN as a good entertainment. While acknowledging that the film has its fans and the climax admittedly provides some energy and a poignant conclusion, the overall package is not at the same level as Bluth's best efforts. Animation fans will marvel at the lush art, but when it's all over, ALL DOGS GO TO HEAVEN may well leave a bad taste in their mouth.
