I'm a big fan of movies that make you think. I'm still thinking a lot about it, totally seven minutes after the credits rolled. What really confuses my neurons is the attempt to understand the relevance of the plot of the naked girl stroking her oily body, made extra-tacky by being filmed on cheap video. This happens three times and I was sure that this would be explained in the end. I trusted the filmmakers that this shocking attempt to attract viewers would be justified. It was not. <br /> <br /> The movie has to be the most apathetic I've ever seen in the genre. The scenarios look like a cross between Dr Who from 1970 and the malformed idea of ​​someone from a sponge-painted living room. The lighting is unimaginable (if your sets are so bad, at least film them in the semi-darkness to hide the plasterboard and create some ambience). From the kidnapped quartet, the girl stands out for being particularly lame, but none of them gets personality. The aliens' plans to rule the world are simply silly - all they need is a contraceptive pill and their problems are solved. Most of the film consists of people running down the aisles. Yes, it's really exciting. The special effect of the "lightning gun" is ... curious, to say the least (which use is a weapon that takes a concentrated blast of 15 seconds to kill, and yet the guy comes back for more?). The script is like a bad episode of The A-Team, and the female hairstyles come from the same time, so they look like school teachers instead of an advanced team of alien invader killers. When we finally get to see how the aliens really look, they are in suspended animation and never leave their boxes. The resolution of the story - traitorous alien simply has few words with the commander of the invading fleet and without a second thought he goes home - is really the sign of a writer who never had a more complex idea than a cartoon Saturday morning (I mean the bad without plot, action or characterization) in your life. <br /> But seriously, what's with the naked girl?! Was it really just to justify putting meat on the DVD cover to increase sales?
