Noel Coward, a witty, urbane man, was friends with Louis Mountbatten. Mr. Coward, a long-time admirer of all naval things, was hired to write a story loosely based on the loss of Mountbatten's ship. He thought a movie about the Royal Navy missing a date at sea would be good publicity. It was also considered a good idea to have Mr. Coward represent the captain of the ship. The many qualities required to command a combat ship, the ability to speak in a very sharp voice and to sing sophisticated "point" songs do not go very high on the list of the Admiralty House, or at least one person would expect it not to. A captain shall win and maintain the respect of the ward and lower deck alike. Mr. Coward may have had the respect of the chorus gentlemen on Drury Lane and Binkie Beaumont may have been terrified of him, but his ability to tame, shape, and direct the crew of a ship in time of war must be questioned. He bends languidly down the bridge, patronizing the other ranks and giving orders to the cops, he just needed a silk robe and a cigar holder to look like home. Much is made of the theme "warship as a microcosm of the British Society," and the crew is largely composed of the usual merry cockney, smart northerners, without whom no war can be fought. They spend most of their time smoking, groaning. about Lord Haw Haw and exploding. No matter, there is much more from where they came from. Once on the ground they go straight to the bar, where they spend most of their time smoking, moaning about Lord Haw Haw and exploding. On the other hand, Mr. Coward lives in a dream house with a rose. A door covered somewhere very quiet, with very little chance of being blown up. He and his wife and two pink cherubs converge in ridiculously complicated tones and say that the wife spends a lot of time knitting things for the unfortunate poor who make up her crew and whom she refers to by her surnames. How good a young master Johnny Mills has a prominent role as a completely unbelievable lower deck type that worships Mr. Coward in the same way as a shabby dog ​​will love his master. He marries his girlfriend after kissing her on the cheek, presumably based on her could be pregnant after such an unrestrained passion. So, yes, we have here a microcosm of British society, but perhaps not in the way the creators of "In what we serve" intended. In the end, Mr. Coward has one last chance to patronize his men while the few survivors pass by: "Farewell Edwards, it was a privilege to travel with you," he enunciates as if reciting "Like now brown cow." It may have been David Lean's debut, but Noel Coward's hand appears too far in front of this photo. He was a funny and clever man, more apt to write weird plays about rich little girls interspersed with occasional ironic music. He had a talent for fun, no doubt, but he could not write or speak of convincing dialogues. Being Noel Coward was a full-time job, he did not have time to be a real person.
