I'm very much a fan of novelist / writer Michael Chabon. His novel "Wonder Boys" became a fantastic film by Curtis Hanson. His masterful novel "The Incredible Adventures of Kavalier and Clay" won the Pulitzer Prize a few years ago, and he had a hand in the script for "Spider-Man 2," arguably the biggest comic book ever. Director Rawson Marshall Thurber also directed marvelous comedy pieces such as "Dodgeball" and the terrific "Terry Tate: Office Linebacker" short series. And with a cast including Peter Saarsgard, Sienna Miller, Nick Nolte and Mena Suvari, that sounds like a no-brainer. <br /> <br /> Yeah. Literally. <br /> <br /> Jon Foster is Art Bechstein, the son of a mafioso (Nolte) who recently graduated in Economics. Jon is in a repressed developmental state: he works on a minimum wage at Book Barn, has an insipid relationship with his girlfriend / boss, Phlox (Suvari), which amounts to little more than sex, with no other plan to end with a career for which he has no passion. <br /> <br /> One night at a party, a former roommate introduces Jon to Jane (Miller), a beautiful and clever violinist. Later that night, they go out to make pies, and she asks Jon a question that begins to shake him out of his catatonic state of existence: "I want you to tell me something you never said to a single soul. make tonight indelible. " Jon then tells him a recurring dream as he wanders the city looking at the faces of strangers passing by, but none of them look him in the eye. "I imagine it must be like death," he says. The next day, Jane's wild boyfriend Cleveland (Saarsgard) kidnaps Jon from work and takes him to an abandoned steel mill, and soon Jon, Cleveland, and Jane are spending every moment together, going to punk rock shows, taking drugs and drinking lots of alcohol. This does not match with Phlox, who pushes Jon to a more personal relationship, that is, let her meet his new friends and his father. The film then tries to take us on Jon's journey as he gets rid of the shackles imposed on him by his father, Phlox and his dead-end job as he finds freedom and expression through his relationships with Cleveland and Jane. <br /> <br /> There is a problem in keeping us following Jon throughout the film: it is completely uninteresting. He has no ambitions, passions or goals. He walks through life like the invisible apparition he described to Jane the night they met. At first, this is not a problem. But it never gets more interesting. He is a completely passive character. He simply accompanies the bohemian Cleveland and Jane, but he never gives us a clue as to what he wants or what he wants to do with himself. <br /> <br /> Consequently, the film and its supporting characters have nowhere to be found. go and little to do besides partying, having sex and getting into discussions. In other words, lots of noise for nothing. What we have here is the superficial skin of a good movie with nothing inside. Sweeping cinematography, hearty voices with characters staring into the distance, many scenes of sex, hetero and gay, great arguments, sex more angry, a scene of persecution and a tragic death ... but that does not seem to matter. Ironically, at one point, Jane, confused by a series of nonsensical actions by Jon, asks him, "What's going on, Jon? What's all this?" Yes, Jon, count. We in the audience are also dying to know. The title "The Mysteries of Pittsburgh" should refer to the characters themselves, because that's what they are. They are all facades, one-dimensional stand-ins for real people. The movie never lets us in. We never know what makes any of them work. We see them doing many things, but we do not know why. And the absence of "why" is one of the worst things a movie can have.
