The skeptical actor played by Cecil B. deMille in 1922, Manslaughter, finds the lovely Leatrice Joy as a good-hearted but decadent young woman with more money than she knows what to do. His imprudence leads to imprisonment, which in turn leads to his regeneration. Thomas Meighan is the district attorney who made his personal crusade to bring goodness and health to Lydia (Joy), but he is diverted by alcohol and once she is released, it is up to her to rescue him! <BR> <BR> <BR> If the plot does not look so bad, you'll be shocked at the lousy presentation. The quality of deMille's direction is very low, and he shows no particular skill that is unique to him. The photograph is standard and flat, and the editing is little more dynamic. One can easily classify it as a fashion show and be quite correct. DeMille manages to dress Miss. Joy in so many different types of clothing (evening dresses, golf outfits, motorsport clothes, piles of furs) that the subtitle might be 'Fashions of 1922' <br /> <br /> Something more disappointing than photography or the edit or direction is the acting, which is basically flat and wooden. When it is not, it is just a routine of silent gestures, rolling balls, contortions in the eyes and deliberate movements of pointing and arms. What would have been lively for modern viewers by burglaries and scenes from some of the worst silent films, here is simply boring to watch. The only member of the cast to achieve any form of excellence is Lois Wilson, who is not only beautiful, but is able to play her part naturally. She is compelling and captivating in tearful close-ups as long as you do not read the moralizing title card that follows once she opens her mouth to speak. As I said, everyone is drastically routine, Joy, Meighan, even Julia Faye. Her performance here is a good argument for the fact that she has never achieved true stardom. <br /> <br /> The worst and most entertaining part of this film is the heavy moralistic tone that carries it. Meighan's character has many intertitles where he talks about how America's youth are declining in their moral stance, and returning to the decay of Rome. (insert an absurd flashback) The moralization of this film was described as Victorian, but it's more than that. It has so little weight in reality that I have a feeling that the audience at that time did not take more seriously than modern viewers could. <br /> <br /> This film is exactly what the ignorant tend to consider as a 'typical' silent movie, with its archaic moral structure, wooden acting and bad direction. DeMille shows that he can be a terrible director with no sense of pace, camera positioning or ability to handle scripts or actors. I can not imagine anyone in their right mind taking this seriously. Boring, slow and dumb, I recommend it to silent movie idiots like me.
