The idea is that something interesting happens in the first ten minutes to keep the audience hooked. Late Night Shopping manages to avoid interest for much longer than that. When we got to a point, it's so monumentally stupid that I kept thinking I should have misunderstood. But I did not. <br /> <br /> Sean tells the story of a renter from Osaka who rented the same apartment to two people at the same time, who worked in different shifts and therefore did not realize they were sharing. Your friend asks, "But what about the weekends?" Sean does not have an adequate explanation. Sean then tells the story of his own similar problem, which is that he is not sure if his girlfriend is still living at home while working at night and she works during the day so they never see each other. This has been happening for three weeks. But your friend does not ask, "Yeah, but like I said before, and on the weekends? You should see her then." "What's the point, Sean?" "Are you on any medication or something?" "But let's be generous and assume that they both work seven days a week." We see Sean checking to see if the soap and towels were used. (Actually bizarrely, he starts to carry the soap with him. ) But the conditioner and shampoo of his girlfriend, sanpro and moisturizer, toothpaste and toothbrush.We go to the kitchen.What about food and drink? Is something missing? Was it made or not? Her clothes are being used and exchanged for clean clothes? The laundry basket is full? In the bathroom, the seat is up or down? I mean, good pain! And to crown it all, Paul gets out of work early to see if his girlfriend is still living at home. <br /> <br /> Why does not he just call her? <br /> <br /> But it gets worse. has told Vincent where the rest of the group is going, he can find them. Len's love interest ny and Sean's girlfriend conveniently seem to be best friends and can also find the group. There is not the slightest attempt to explain any of these extraordinarily improbable coincidences. To be fair, the dialogue is good but not good enough to make up for the weak characters or the annoyingly lame story. I heard one of the actors interviewed and he promised "no guns, no drugs, no corsets". I thought "great." But after half an hour of boredom I was screaming on the screen: "I want guns! I want drugs! I want corsets!" <br /> <br /> It would not have taken much to solve these problems. but on the official site the director boasts that the movie was not edited by script. That's all you need to know.
