Throughout the day, I watched the dinosaurs and, all day long, they had the same fundamental problem. <br /> <br /> They do not believe in firearms. They just do not seem to have talked about them or something. Bullets _bounce_ off the dinosaurs! Maybe it's because they became extinct millions of years before the invention of gunpowder, and the laws of physics were different at the time ... Oh, no. Let's go. If they are close enough to operate chemically today, they would have to be vulnerable to rapid (even subsonic) lead projectiles. It's that simple. See, the most difficult reptiles on the planet today, alligators and crocodiles, are completely vulnerable to basic rifle fire. They are not at all magical. You can fire a round of pistol through the heavy scales on the back. They do not get punch bullets or anything special. Small bullets penetrate, they just do not kill them. A little (but not REALLY) bullets are preferred because the challenge (as in most games) is to kill the animal with a single shot, so it does not run. (Hunters find it immoral to allow the prey to run and die without being harvested.) <br /> <br /> Most animals, including predators, are easily repelled by shots. Between the noise and the pain of a non-lethal wound, most will flee. An exception are the great bears, who are so fearless that they are only infuriated by mortal wounds. Cape buffalo are considered highly dangerous because they are well known for attacking when injured. We saw video of the great bulls of a herd of buffalo who rescued a calf from a whole bunch of lions. A big cat will run if he can, but if he can not, he will be charged as a final act of despair. Where a T.Rex would fit into this spectrum is unknown. His behavior was simply not observed. With these larger animals, safe hunting becomes a matter of applying an appropriately large and powerful projectile, and / or applying several of them quickly enough to contain their charge. With a T.Rex, of course, this can be a serious problem. I have seen a T.Rex skull (they have one in the center of the museum) and carrying a gun large enough to burst that may be impractical. Chewing the neck with much less fire may be a more feasible approach. Small bullets still penetrated them, they would not only fight back because the animal is too big to kill easily! <br /> <br /> So, here we have Cortez and his men (that is, before the famous Mexican campaign, apparently) captured by Native Americans and programmed for the sacrifice in the pyramid. It seems that all those human sacrifices were about appeasing the bloodthirsty pair of T.Rexes who terrorized the continent during the day. Rather than just having their hearts cut off and fed with the lizards, Cortez et al speak the Aztecs to let them hunt and kill them. Okay, maybe they do not have M-16s like the guys in the "Carnosaur" series, but they have flintlocks, crossbows, pointed clubs (big, made of trees) and swords. Maybe that's a little less bumpy than the squads of soldiers with full cars, but they have several faces and I'd bet on them with a dinosaur. Oh, wait, there's a _cannon_ on a 4-incher. This is just the ticket to breaking the skull of a Tyrannosaurus! Then they set a trap, with a squad of men, cannons, point sticks in a ravine, and draw the first T.Rex into it, using a pretty brown girl as bait. Cortez points out that they will not have time to recharge, so they will have to close the range until they are sure of their goal. T.Rex totally ignores your fire flare of flint, and we see both an arrow of beast and the firing cannonball! Forget. End of credibility A beast ray would defeat the armor of Cortez's torso, and a 4-inch cannonball could penetrate the hull of a wooden ship! That would surely also cross the skin, the rib cage or the skull of any animal that walked on this planet. and then there is T.Rex, still standing, without bleeding.Then Cortez draws her to the ravine, where she falls on the pointed sticks, which I think they're penetrating her and killing her.) Yaaay, she pointed sticks! <br /> <br /> Dinos are not completely invulnerable to shooting - they can take an eye from the second with a pistol. bad as a bear or a buffalo, at least in the movies. <br /> <br /> They kill the second dinosaur with a bomb - made out of a gourd filled with gunpowder and precious stones. <br /> <br /> My money would still be in the cannon. is designed to concentrate all of the gunpowder energy in one direction - toward the target.A pump is a much more diffuse force application.A true pump (NOT a pumpkin pump) has a steel casing containing the explosion at a pressure extremely high. (Think: tube bomb fireworks.) A pile of gunpowder will simply go to the POOF. (Trust me on this.)
