I've never seen one of these SciFi originals before, this was the first. I think it's fair to judge the acting, direction / production, scenography and even the CGI effects in other SciFi films. Comparing it to your typical Hollywood production is unfair. I would say, however, that the Aztec Rex was not exactly reminiscent of Werner Herzog's masterpiece, Aguirre, Wrath of God. <br /> <br /> I will begin by noting that, yes, I acknowledge the fact that this film has more to do with shock culture than with dinosaurs. Although this is a sci-fi movie made for television, there is some underlying context to the story that I will examine. The symbolic elements included are quite obvious. Consequently, as a student of history, theology, mythology and cinema, I found the dialogue scandalous and the themes of the plot somewhat insulting. I'm not asking for any mea culpa on behalf of the producers - as I said before that the movie is what it is. But what worries me is that many of the younger demographics for this movie probably depend on television to give them their lessons when it comes to history and cultural diversity. The main problem manifests itself more visibly with the character Ayacoatl (it is not a comment on the performance of Dichen Lachman, but simply as his character was written, though, I will say that she has some work to do before receiving any Emmy nod). It is through her character that the actions of the Spanish Europeans are justified. His role in the film as Rios' love interest states that the European way is the right way, simply because they are European. There is really no other reason given. It is only left to the supposition that the spectator is destined to associate with the Europeans over the Aztecs because their dress, language, ideology, etc. is more familiar to them than the Aztecs - so the Aztecs are portrayed as opponents and 'behind' And it is not simply that the viewer gets this assumption due to the ethnocentric perception on the part of the spectators, but it does seem that the story is trying convincing the spectator - As if the Aztecs were not able to work out a plan - if not better - to lure a dinosaur to his death in a bed of punjis sticks. <br /> <br /> To be fair, there is a subgroup of Spaniards who are portrayed as temples of looting and with the intention of simply abusing the native. Mesoamericanos. There is also a scene in which we have the holy Christian man observing the achievements of the Aztecs: "They have agriculture, medicine, calendar, etc." - But in the end it is still the Aztec warrior who is portrayed as the main antagonist of the film, even on the "thunder lizards" (more on that later). He portrayed it as treacherous, dubious, and tries to dispatch romantic European Spanish by fooling it into consuming mind-altering hallucinogenic mushrooms - an important spiritual component to certain aspects and religions of Meso and American natives (again, more about it) than he can keep the female he feels belong to him and away from the Spanish. Now, by analyzing the true nature of the story (leaving the obvious Christian versus pagan themes off the table) from a symbolic point of view - a spectator can easily take these so-called thunder lizards to be representatives of ideology / Mesoamerican theology, which in this film is portrayed as an intention: bloodthirstiness, impiety, cruelty, perversity, perhaps even evil? In opposition, we have this group of Christian wanderers, led by the young Hernando Cortes, who are portrayed as naive but noble lambs in general caught in the dark pagan world of the Aztecs. In addition, the name of the film is Aztec Rex, leading to believe that it is dinosaurs to eat people. However, what translates the Aztec Rex is the Aztec King, the head of the Aztec state, or, in this case, the "state of being." (So ​​because the title of the movie was changed). And who, in fact, do we see as the new Aztec king in the end? It's the remaining Spanish, Rios. Aztec Rex is in reference to the new European ideology that overcame, through diseases, bloodshed, war and famine, Native Americans. Rios symbolizes the ideal European - as the presenters of this film would like them to be remembered (as opposed to the Cortes that represent the "practical European-still-noble-European"). But when you look at the Holocaust of the Americas, let's be honest: are the symbolic components of the history of this movie no setbacks? <br /> <br /> I have to say Aztec Rex is at worst a bit racist, or be gentle with it, ignorant at best. <br /> <br /> And yes, I know it's just a movie, all to be fun, I understand, but in the end we get the idea that Rios was the father of the last remaining Aztec lines? I wonder what the Mesoamerican natives would have to think about this end ... as for me, I thought it was a bit self-indulgent. <br/> <br/> Better supporting performance of the film goes to Ian Ziering's wig - though conspicuous - at least changed Ziering's appearance enough that I did not think he was watching the 90210 yuppie leading a bunch of conquerors to the heart of darkness. Ziering really shows himself a more than capable actor in this movie, I actually bought his performance, or at least I forgot it was Ian Ziering anyway. I do not know who his agent is, but he should get more work. <br /> <br /> Finally, it was also a pleasure to see Jim McGee again. I have been a fan since his very brief scene stealing performance in Scrooged in 1988. Alexander Quaresma - DeusExMachina529@aol.com
