Tyrannosaurus Azteca was defined during the sixteenth century, when the famous Spanish explorer Hernando Cortes (Ian Ziering) landed in Mexico with six of his best men, including Lieutenant Rios (Marco Sanchez), they claim to claim the land in the name of Spanish and perhaps steal some gold also if the opportunity arises. In a few minutes they have the first sight of the local Aztec savages, minutes after Cortes and his men being captured and held prisoners. If this was not bad enough, it turns out that a couple of Tyrannosaurus Rex lives there and likes to eat locals in an effort to earn their living the Spanish offer to help villagers get rid of their monster problem but with several hidden agendas & second intentions are not just the dinosaurs they have to watch out for ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith (who, coincidentally, made one of my favorite exploration films of all time Turkey Shoot (1982) which I fully recommend to one and all) and also more commonly known under the title of Aztec Rex's sounding accent (the title was changed by the Sci-Fi Channel when they aired, perhaps as the original title Tyrannosaurus Azteca sounds like it could be a foreign movie) this is another Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Feature' idiot and cheap and that's all you really need to know. Based on and around the true Spanish conquistador Cortes during his expedition to Mexico, the film definitely does not seek historical accuracy, although I admit that the story tries to do something a little different here, but in the end the Aztec Tyrannosaurus is still only a "resource of creature. " with a bunch of people running from some poor computer CGI of a monster, despite the setting of the period. I'm not sure what else I can say, even though they were established centuries ago, the usual clichés are here, the characters are the usual cardboard cutouts, they make stupid and selfish decisions, the heroic, the traitorous, the faceless victim that exists for being eaten and the beautiful woman are all here and easy to spot. The film is predictable, silly, monotonous and does not really entertain at any level, although it moves at a decent pace and there are one or two decent gore moments if that kind of thing interests you. The story is not so good and it has many holes too, this is also the kind of movie that you will have completely forgotten within a few days. <br /> <br /> Now I've seen and commented on many Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Features' and generally the CGI computer effects are terrible and while Tyrannosaurus Azteca does not advance the trend I admit there are some effects that look good but so they are usually ruined by absolutely terrible effects. shot then. There are some decent effects here as well, there is a cut off heart, a guy's leg is torn off, there is blood splatter, a cold shot of a guy who has been holding his own intestines after being attacked by the dinosaur, there are some dead bodies seen and someone is stabbed with a spear. T-Rex also eats some people. The production values ​​are really cheap, the Aztec set looks like one of those theme park attractions made out of Styrofoam and those Spanish men must have been trapped in the worst precincts of cinematic history with the fence supposedly keeping them below a man's waist. could have just gotten out of it and run away, it was so low. <br /> <br /> With a supposed budget of about $ 900,000 I can not see where the money went, filmed on O'ahu in Hawaii in seemingly fortnight. The performance is not great from anyone I've ever heard of. <br /> <br /> Tyrannosaurus Azteca really is no better than any other Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Feature', although it is almost interesting and unusual. On the premise, this basic statement should basically be enough for you to decide whether you like it or not (probably not).
