EPSILON, a.k.a. ALIEN VISITOR, is not what I expected. This is an Australian film with no budget, no special effects besides fast-paced movies and fast scenes. The alien female (who comes immediately able to speak perfectly accented Australian) can blip from one place to another or from time to time and change her perception of the flow of time to match the "faster" humans. An elderly grandmother tells her two granddaughters about a story that a wandering man told her 40 years earlier when an anonymous "she" arrived on the naked planet and completely disoriented, unable to recognize which star in the sky she came ... She knows a man alone camping in the Australian Outback, apparently baffling him. She is here for "deceit" and gets angry when told that she is on Earth. Terrans are known as consummated destroyers of the environment and a metaphor for the most insulting thing imaginable for the rest of the universe: those who "breathe dirty air" but do nothing about it, stuffing their heads under the sand like an ostrich . In another fun metaphor, Earthlings are "toads." <br /> <br /> From there, it's entirely a film about dialogue, as perplexed man tries to understand. It is psychology and peculiar points of view, even when it calls it ignorant and "singular." Man begins to realize that they are humans who are irrational and do not think right. However, while waiting to be "transmitted" back home, she sees that this human is not totally flawed in her thinking and even falls in love with it. <br /> <br /> The dialogue on perspectives is interesting in points, but all this is layered with a heavy environmental message and a low budget feeling (there are only two main actors, who blink in many deserted scenes, and the humans stripped of the planet are never seen). The environmental message offers no solutions, but paints one or two hideous metaphors about what will happen to nature and man if something is not done. Logic also does not hold: the rest of the universe "gave up" on Earth, but a space woman picks up the Earth by mistake can make some positive change in the movie's conclusion. What would a battalion of aliens deliberately sent here accomplish against pollution and waste?
