This is one of those movies where the British Lottery Fund spends its money. The main problem is a choppy script that leads to nothing. The characters are not interesting, the story is conventional and insipid, the only thing of interest is the location: the city of Genoa (Genoa in Italian). Having only superficial acquaintance with Genoa, I had no idea of ​​the intricate alleys of his Old Town and of which the city was so interesting. I thought Genoa was boring. I am pleased to say that they have proved me wrong. So, from the point of view of travelogue, this movie has an interest. The film contains a splendid performance by a girl named Perla Haney-Jardine. She has made seven films, despite being only 12 years old, so she seems determined in a career as an actress and, judging by her performance in this film, she must go far, since she is natural and has a lot of talent. Colin Firth, a dependable and professional actor, was on hand to shoot, and when asked to be honest, he was sincere, and when asked to be distressed, he was distressed. But someone forgot to give him any worthwhile dialogue. The script is a total mess. Catherine Keener does exceptionally well in a supporting role, and show sympathy comes naturally to her, so everyone would love to have her around (I'd like to tell her every time I feel a cold coming on, as I know she would get me a soothing hot drink). Then we have: the fascinating narrow alleys of Genoa, an interesting girl and a nice woman. Forget the rest. The older sister played by Willa Holland is such a disgusting character that the fact that the young actress is good at being repellent is not exactly the kind of tribute she would like to hear, I suspect. The idea that this family goes to Genoa to forget the unfortunate death of the mother is so banal that if we have another film like this, all the dead mothers have the right to complain about being exploited. If Michael Winterbottom wanted to make a movie about how interesting the old part of Genoa is, why did not he just go to the BBC and say he wanted to make a travel movie with some foolish celebrity presenter? Why waste money on a feature film that is nothing more than a project of vanity of idle and sinuous emptiness?
