The Disney folks have a lot to explain. In the first place, why did anyone think that this minor sitcom material would ever make a decent movie. In the 1960s viewers, the unique idea of ​​Martians among us had not yet received the sophisticated treatment of the X-Files. Picturesque visions of little green men have long been dispelled by the likes of ET, CLOSE ENCOUNTERS and ALIENS 1-3. <br /> <br /> Any charm that the property had was due mainly to the captivating relationship created between the late Bill. Bixby as Tim and Ray Walston as the non-mundane visitor. The concept that the Martians have antenna seemed doped at that time. Now it looks positively stupid. However, Christopher Lloyd's Uncle Martin bears the metallic appendages. In a foreground, the antenna on a signal to the TV station Tim works on is supposed to make us think "Martian"! When was the last time you saw a TV with rabbit ears, was not it? Disney does not trust curiosities or relationships and faces this movie with special effects that include a space suit called Zoot! Yes, you read correctly - Uncle Martin's silver space suit speaks. It should be a true and hilarious cut-up! Figure again. I have socks that are funnier than Zoot. Whenever the stock gets delayed (and stays constantly), computer graphics are put into action to cheer things up. Tim is here played by the amiable Jeff Daniels, who can not (or can not) do anything to save this mess. Zesty Christine Ebersole brings a bit of comedic zeal to the role of her neighbor. Even Ray Walston himself is dragged painfully to the proceedings - all to no avail. This foreign visitor is dead upon arrival. <br /> <br /> A constant conversation about sitcoms turning the screen makes me just hope that the film I DREAM OF JEANNIE does not show a talking harem costume. I pray that Samantha's cat in the movie BEWITCHED will not have lines. I live in fear that I LOVE LUCY - THE FILM will proudly present a CG Conga Drum called Bongo. <br /> Paging Michael Eisner! Mickey Mouse - Take me to your leader.
