I have noticed over the years that when a rock star makes his final album before his death, that album, if not the best of it, is usually prolific in some way and worthy of a listen at least. The album is usually good enough to cement a legacy. However, when it comes to comedians, especially the traditional comics that star in their own vehicles, their final movie is usually horrible. John Belushi had "Neighbors", John Candy had "Wagon's East", Chris Farley had "Almost Heroes", Phil Hartman had "Small Soldiers" and Rodney Dangerfield had this movie. "Back By Midnight", although it may not have been Dangerfield's latest film, is weak in every sense of the word. It involved filming in 2002 according to this site, and it is safe to say which would have been on the shelves if Dangerfield were still alive.I've been a big Dangerfield fan since my teens, and it hurts me to see how rotten this movie was. <br /> <br /> What impresses me most is that several other Dangerfield, a great comedian who used to play his comedic character in the movies, is a jailer who houses a group of very close-knit prisoners.When the owner of the prison, Colonel Tom-Parker , finds billionaire Sam-Walton, Eli Rockwood (Randy Quaid), cuts funds to prison, directs a group of inmates to get out of jail, steal Rockwood convenience stores, and break the prison with the When you pick up what is in the those of convenience, they are (I think) picking what they believe Rockwood owes them. <br /> <br /> With this fragile premise, the film fails and hangs frequently. Also, the jokes that you think would be the salvation of this movie are not even funny, not even Mr. No Respect himself. This is incredibly disappointing as well, because you'd expect a movie with Randy Quaid, Kirstie Alley, Gilbert Gottfried, Ed Begley Jr. and Oscar-nominated Yeardley Smith to be a little funny at the least. Instead, Quaid plays a character we've seen before in countless other comedies, Alley plays a British heiress with a terrible British accent (could this movie not pay a British royal person!?!), And every joke was poorly crafted and poorly timed by practically all the members of this group. It was not just a good comedy in any sense of the word. <br /> <br /> "Back By Midnight" was rated R primarily for language (and a nudity scene). The irony of this is that many of the jokes are so insulting to the public that even children (if you edit the language) leave this movie. The physical jokes are also incredibly predictable, especially when Alley's pet monkey haunts Quaid's character. When the monkey picks up scissors and jumps on Quaid's couch, who does not know where that joke is going? Being a direct video comedy, of course I did not expect any Oscar-winning material here. The truth is that Dangerfield has done some great eternal comedies before. "Easy Money" and "Back to School" are still hilarious and definitely did not deserve the Oscar. However, there is a difference between making a stupid comedy that is funny and making a stupid comedy. With the latter type of comedy, it seems the filmmakers do not even try, which is precisely the case with this excuse ragged for a waste of 90 minutes. Rest in peace, Rodney, but add this movie to your batch of forgettable comedies like "Meet Wally Sparks" (1997) and "The Godson" (1999). This movie, I dare say, is not even worth seeing.
