I'm not sure what to do with this deformed drama in 2007. Trying to be a hybrid hybrid of the new millennium between On Golden Pond and The Prince of the Tides, this movie ends up being an erratic mess that changes so mercurially between comedy and melodrama that the emotional tone always seems distant. The main problem seems to be the irreconcilable difference between the sentimental direction of Garry Marshall and the obscure and confused script of Mark Andrus. The story centers on the unrestrained relationship between mother Lilly and her daughter Rachel, who traveled from San Francisco to the small town of Hull, Idaho, where their grandmother Georgia lives. The idea is for Lilly to leave Rachel for the summer under the jurisdiction of the Georgian chief justice, replete with her draconian rules, as the 17-year-old became an incorrigible demon. <br /> <br /> The setting is clear enough, but the characters are made to change quickly and often inexplicably between sympathetic and strident to fit the plot's contours. He randomly swerves through problems of alcoholism, child molestation and dysfunctional families until he establishes himself in his pat resolution. The three actresses at the center rescue some of the dramatic upheavals, but to varying degrees. Probably because of her off-screen reputation and her smoker's voice, Lindsay Lohan makes palpable the promiscuity and manipulative tactics of Rachel, although she becomes less credible as her character reveals the psychological wounds that give her a reason for her behavior hedonistic Felicity Huffman is forced to play Lilly in two strident notes - like a petulant and resentful daughter with a mother who never got close to her and as an irritated, alcoholic mother who begins to recognize her own responsibility in her daughter's mental state. She does what she can with the role on both fronts, but her efforts never add up to a human being of flesh and blood. <br /> <br /> At almost seventy, Jane Fonda looks great, even beaten as she is here, and has the presence of star to get away with the cartoon dimensions of flinty Georgia. The problem I have with Fonda's cast is that the legendary actress deserves much more than a series of one-line looks and mothering. Between this and the execrable Monster-in-Law of 2005, it makes someone wonder if their best work is behind it. Not surprisingly, the male colleagues of the actresses are completely overshadowed. Garrett Hedlund seems a little surfer like naive Harlan, a devout Mormon whose sudden love for Rachel could delay his two-year missionary passage. Cary Elwes plays a well-known suspicious note as Lilly's husband, an unfortunate affair in which the predictable cast seems to wire the end of the film. <br /> <br /> There is also the ubiquitous Dermot Mulroney in the somber triple role of the wounded. widower, Lilly's old flame and Rachel's new boss as city veterinarian, Dr. Simon Ward. Laurie Metcalf plays an almost inept role as Simon's sister Paula while Marshall's regent Hector Elizondo and singer Paul Williams appear in appearances. Some of Andrus's dialogues are simply terrible, and the hesitant, seriocommatic tone never fixes on anything that seems right. There are several small extras with the 2007 DVD, none very exciting. Marshall provides a track of comments that has a lot of his laconic humor. There are several deleted scenes, including three variations at the end, and a gag reel. A seven-minute making-of is included, as is the original movie trailer, a six-minute short highlighting the three actresses and a five-minute tribute to Marshall.
