Revolt of the Zombies begins with Armand Louque (Dean Jagger) trying to convince General Duval (George Cleveland) that his companion Tsiang (William Crowell) is a priest who has the power to hypnotize the people and transform them under his control, transforming them in irrational zombies (a bit like the people I work with really). Anyway, Tsiang is murdered by Colonel Mazovia (Roy D'Arcy), but he can not gain the knowledge of turning people into zombies. An expedition was organized by General Duval to hunt the secret, since Tsiang will not tell them anything else. General Duval leads the expedition along with his daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone), who is engaged to Louque, who also comes along. During the expedition, Claire turns Louque to her companion Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), with whom Louque is not very satisfied. In a way that could only happen in a movie Louque finds the secret to turn people into zombies by himself and begins to use his new power to take revenge on Claire & Clifford ... Co-written and directed by Victor Halperin Revolt of Zombies have a bad reputation and after seeing it, I can see why. Halperin's screenplay, Howard Higgin and Rollo Lloyd, all uncredited, have a good central idea, but they are dead as cold stone as being monotonous and exciting as seeing paint dries. Nothing happens much for ages and then nothing happens afterwards. As Halperin describes his zombies is different from what most modern audiences would consider to be a zombie, these zombies are just brainwashed people and filming audiences would have to wait more than thirty years before George A.Romero set out what a zombie is now in Night of the Living Dead (1968). With only one hour in duration, the Zombie Revolt still seems too long. Technically, the film is good considering it was made 70 years ago, black-and-white cinematography is adequate, although some of the footage appears to have been filmed against a background photo. The performance is wooden and largely unimpressive. The zombie revolt may have been a hot thing in 1936, but it still did not go well and in 2005 it is a must-see. I believe the movie is now in the public domain, as it appears in many DVD compilations and ultra cheap quotes, but still not worth watching, no matter how cheap you can get it.
