Well, first of all, if you're checking out Zombie Revolt as a very old Night of the Living Dead movie (1968), forget it. These are "zombies" in a more psychological sense, where this term denotes only one who is not in control of his will, but who must, instead, follow the will of another. The "zombies" here, as small as they are in the movie, are largely metaphors for subservience to the state or authority in general, as in times of war. It's an exaggeration to call it a horror movie. <br /> <br /> The film is set during the First World War. A contingent from "French Cambodia" heard strange stories about buzzing - supposedly Angkor Wat was built using zombies - and there are tales of zombie armies easily surmounting enemies. Armand Louque (Dean Jagger) brings back a priest who supposedly knows the secret of buzzing, but he does not speak. Then Louque and an international military contingent leave for Angkor Wat on an archaeological expedition designed to uncover the secret of zombification and destroy the information before the zombies have the chance to "do away with the white race." <br /> <br /> The strange things about Zombie Revolt is that it looks like maybe the writer / director Victor Halperin has decided to change his game plan while recording the script. The film begins as if exploring the zombie / military metaphor, and may even have elements of adventure, but after about 15 minutes, it changes gears and becomes more of a love triangle story. <br /> <br /> Halperin picks up with a subtext on will and power (and a Nietzschean "will to power"). The film is interesting at this level, but the script and the editing are very hectic. This is another old movie that I would not be surprised to see footage missing, especially because some scenes even fade or cut while a character is uttering dialogue. In the midst of the invented romance story, Halperin tries to keep referring to the zombie segment, but little of the zombie stuff makes a lot of sense. Louque discovers the secret of zombification, but that does not mean much to the viewer. The mechanics of zombie material are vague and confusing - Halperin even resorts to using superimposed images of Bela Lugosi's bulging eyes from his 1932 film, White Zombie, but never explains what this has to do with anything. There are big gaps in the plot, including the love story. Interesting and promising characters from old coils disappear for long periods of time. A potential villain is discarded without the slightest ceremony before he does much of anything. <br /> <br /> If you are a big fan of old and shocking B movies, Zombie Revolt may be worth watching at least once - acting is not so bad, and if you have a good imagination , you can put together an interesting story in your mind to fill in all the gaps. But this is the second time I see the movie, the first one being only five years ago, and I could barely remember anything - so it's not exactly memorable.
