Although the title includes the word "zombies," this movie is not what you'd expect from a movie made today, although by 1936 the concept is as good as it would probably be expected to be. Dean Jagger plays Armand Louque, an officer in the French Army of World War I, who came across an old tale of soldiers turned into automata, or "zombies," who are impervious to battle and can be the key to victory in war. , although on the side of those who are not sure. At first he has difficulty convincing his superiors of this phenomenon, but eventually the French general Duval (George Cleveland) orders a non-military expedition to the old Cambodian city of Angkor to find the secret of the zombies and to destroy it. <br /> <br /> The story unfolds against the backdrop of a love triangle involving Louque, daughter of Duval, Claire (Dorothy Stone), and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), all part of the expedition. When Louque laments his lack of strength and determination, Grayson offers him advice to go after what he wants in life with all his power. This advice begins to transform Louque, particularly after he gets a stone board reminiscent of a picture of the ancient city. Having followed a temple priest in a swamp, Louque now seems to keep the secret he sought, though it is unclear how he instantly managed to command the power of "zombiefication." All you have to do is put your right wrist on your forehead, simulating a third eye, and cast your thoughts to those you want to control. This comes in handy to win back his girl and take Grayson's first advice as he comments with his servant: "Buna, we're learning to be ruthless." <br /> <br /> Fans of the first horror films "B" will recognize the use of Bela Lugosi's stare taken from the 1932 film "White Zombie," also by director Victor Halperin. Of the two films, "White Zombie" is preferably superior in both story content and the undead representation, where zombies have a more ominous appearance and are more menacing. In "Revolt", zombies are enemy soldiers with a glazed look that simply react to the commands of their mentors. In fact, the true title revolt occurs only when Louque frees the soldiers from his mental command in deference to his love for Claire; They outweigh your compound and kill you in the process. Not to be too hard on the movie, it falls within the parameters of the story sketch, but if you're thinking "zombies !!" within the traditional context, you'll probably be disappointed. If you want to experience an early treatment of the subject, the above mentioned "White Zombie" with Bela Lugosi is the way to go.
