Darkman 3: Die Darkman Die is directed by Bradford May, the same guy who made the first Darkman sequence as well. Darkman 3 is worse than Darkman 2, and it's nothing special, in my opinion. Larry Drake is no longer as a main villain, who is now played by the great Jeff Fahey, whose character once again wants to get Darkman's work and create some ultra-strong humans this time, in order to gain the leadership of the entire city . The film is practically the same in plot and execution as Darkman 2, but I was very annoyed by the presence of many Darkman 2 scenes. These sequels were made in no time and with little money, so that sort of decision had to be made. Some scenes are quite stylish and exciting, but it is still a very tired and often annoyingly stupid movie. The characters scream and laugh a lot and it's very annoying. There is no philosophical depth in the film, and this is like a remake of Darkman 2, which still can not be the same. Darkman 2 had many great scenes and stylish camera work, and Larry Drake's ability to be a big villain. Darkman 3 offers only a few scenes and nice moments, but mostly this movie is tired and full of clichés. The few positive things in this movie are flashback issues (Westlake nightmares) and some really amazing twists and turns. And worth mentioning is also quite unpleasant death scene from the main villain, who was very comic as well as inventive without any gore. Much more interesting than the death of the main villain in part two. Darkman 3 is worst in the whole series, and we must remember that these two sequences were made directly for the video and they did not even come close to Raimi's original Darkman with Liam Neeson. Darkman 2 was good actioner with many great scenes and suspense, but the latter (?) Entry is tired and often stupid and boring piece of sequel. It has some merits as mentioned, but the general feeling is that this should not have been done in the first place. May is a talented director, so I hope he gets some more notable projects in the future. <br /> <br /> 3/10
