I think Dolph Lundgren had the potential to be a great action star to la Schwarzenegger, Stallone and even Van Damme to some degree. He had some great moments in his career, but he also made some bad choices and this is definitely one of them, though done later in his career. The weird thing about Jill The Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or Tied Up) is that I honestly think they seriously thought they were doing a provocative and serious thriller? It shows the way they describe it in IMDb, in the case of the DVD, in the comments, and this movie is not serious. To call it exaggeration would be a huge euphemism. The film tries to be complex and intelligent when in fact nothing is more superficial, confusing and gratuitous. In addition, they put Lundgren, who is known for action movies, in an attempt to play a serious role, which makes it even more exaggerated because his reach as an actor is quite limited. The entire movie revolves around the bizarre world of sex and yet they try to make it a serious thriller? Only the plot and the premise immediately make B-Movie Porn the best. <br /> <br /> Dolph Lundgren plays the former police officer and alcoholic Matt Sorenson, who decides to play the detective when his brother is murdered. I mean put aside the numerous holes that Lundgren is making free to investigate crime scenes, witnesses and everything else, even if he's no longer a cop and you still have a very strange and rather weak performance of Lundgren. Danielle Brett is the eventual love interest of Lundgren and his brother's widow. Brett plays his role very carefully, considering the script and the exaggerated story. The supporting cast is huge and no one stands out particularly in their performances, unless it's on the down side, like Victor Pedtrchenko's absolutely horrible performance, which seems to go by several different names in the film, has a horrible accent and is really horrible I honestly tried to get into the mystery and shoot and watch closely, but there was no reason for it, because it was all a mess of ridiculous plot and free sex games, including a downright ridiculously hilarious scene. where Lundgren is hiding and is almost naked upside down. To explain how elegant and well-done is this film (sarcasm ... sarcasm), the back of the DVD I got (it was very cheap) has Lundgren's character listed as "Murray Wilson" (not the name of his character in the movie). . Although somehow Lundgren can be usually watchable, the film falls on his face trying to be serious. Whereas director Anthony Hickox is famous for B-Movie Horror movies, it only makes sense, even though I think he was really trying to be serious. Lundgren fans of hard core cult will have to see this ... no one else should ... certainly for any kind of mystery or suspense. 3/10
