This is one of those movies where people keep saying "It's a great idea!" about the worst ideas you've ever heard. Then they act upon them. I like it. This photo is funnier than any of Seth Rogen's three dozen projects. Well, then it's SHOAH. <br /> <br /> Gojira's films have been cannibalizing their own stories of origin since the 1960s, but this one goes beyond. What can you say about a culture that is willing to violate its own sacred cultural icons for a quick buck? This transvestite features a suicide brigade from World War II about "the last of the Marshall Islands" presenting weapons to a dinosaur who ousted the US Marines. So the Japanese decide inexplicably not to fight until the last man and instead abandon the territory attached in their name by that giant lizard. They retreat to the mainland, where one of them becomes a business tycoon. <br /> <br /> So it gets complicated. <br /> <br /> Blond men of the future, annoyed that they have not yet cured male pattern baldness. Go back in time to a kind of flying saucer to ask a failed writer and psychic celebrity for his help in disposing of Godzilla before that it destroys Japan. "Help" is questionable, since all these citizens of 1992 return to 1944 to watch an closed circuit of TV, but, hey, they filmed the script. You would think that in the 90's the Japanese would know better than to rely on people on spaceships. Fortunately for Nippon, the white guys - you can say they are Americans because they say "nucyaler" - erred in bringing back in time the only Japanese girl who left in the future. In a touching display of ancestor worship, she overcomes her duplicity after wearing a flying suit made out of wooden ducts engraved in a Sailor Moon backpack. It turns out that these time-traveling, trend-deficient Caucasians are only envious of Japan's imminent imperialist conquest in the world (in the 22nd century, Japan will buy Africa, which sounds more like a liability than an asset) . These blondes in chintz suits padded with non-functioning straps and redundant zippers want to replace Godzilla by King Ghidorah, who will destroy all of Japan except Tokyo. A strange choice, but Toho is known to go out of his way not to have to build the Tokyo skyline again. <br /> <br /> Certainly, we are given the alternative spectacle of Fukuoka ("my garden city" and some other once-unexplored metropolitan areas of rubber-monster being devastated by a flying gold metal 1/3 of a In a surprise revelation, we are told that King Ghidorah was bred from a few long - time left - handed puppets in the microwave. Godzilla also does her part of the demolition while the movie ends. But no one expected the Japanese in 1992 to have a secret submarine full of nuclear missiles - "Ha ha, do not worry, we do not keep it in Japanese waters" - with which you can launch a new Godzilla from the bones of an old dinosaur, they just do not need it, because an old nuclear shipwreck has already left Godzilla whole again.Ah, and Godzilla finally arrives in Tokyo, meeting with his old army friend in a comforting moment of tearful recognition. They stare into each other's eyes and Godzilla nods as if to say, "I need to do this, man." The tycoon agrees with the head. <br /> <br /> I must also mention here that in order to prevent Godzilla's angry self from fulfilling its destiny and destroying Japan, the Japanese girl of the future goes back to the future to ask: by the help of - yes A bald white man. Probably because he pities her as the only Asian character of the 23rd century, he agrees to build a Mecha-Ghidora and send it back to the 1990s, so that together these two giant monsters can fulfill Godzilla's fate and destroy Japan. In a wonderful nod to those notoriously stubborn whips, the girl riding Mecha-Ghidora has difficulty controlling the joystick. <br /> <br /> This Godzilla costume design owes a lot to Sumo - its thighs are weak enough to bend. to Rush Limbaugh, and his belly and chest are thick and heavy. But there is more masonry exploding in this picture than in most of his adventures, which pays off a lot. Also features a man with a passing resemblance to Robert Patrick playing a killer robot. Yes, in the future, even robots will have bald heads. In addition, Megumi Odaka, reprizing her role as Micki, the only Japanese girl who was born with ears larger than her Disney namesake and a style of acting even greater than that. It's not her fault: many Japanese directors seem to feel that a 25-meter screen is not large enough to display the emotion of a human face. I did some acting for Japanese television, and I can tell you, they encourage you to do that. They apparently exhort their writers in the same way. Thank God.
