Is there any other period of time that has been so thoroughly covered by television (or the media in general) as the 1960s? No. And do we really need another trip in this turbulent time? Not really. But if we should have one, does it have to be as shallow as "The Sixties"? <br /> <br /> I like to think that co-writers Bill Couturie and Robert Greenfield had more in mind this miniseries in two parts than the end result, especially considering Couturie's involvement in the HBO movie "Dear America : Letters ". Home From Vietnam ", which used little original music and no original footage, letting the sights and sounds of time speak for themselves. This presentation interweaves footage with the dramatic production, but does not favor anyone, trying to do much in a short time; like many of their peers, is seen from the standpoint of a family.But the children of the family seem to be involved tangentially with almost all the great events of the 60's (it's incredible that one of them does not go to the Rolling Stones show in Altamont) , making it look less like a period drama and much more like a Cliff Notes version of the decade. Creators rush so much that there is little or no time to give the characters any character, with the puppets calling our protagonists off the screen for time - the children's father is especially clichéd - and then when they are back in BLAMMO! is another thing.Garry Trudeau could teach the filmmakers one thing or two. another on how to do this kind of thing properly. To be fair, Jerry O'Connell, Jordana Brewster, Jeremy Sisto, Julia Stiles and Charles S. Dutton give their material the old college try, but they are wasted (especially the last two); it is undeniably good to see David Alan Grier in a rare direct role as activist Fred Hampton, and Rosanna Arquette (in a special participation without credits in part 2) is always welcome. <br /> <br /> What is not welcome is like "The 60s drown out the soundtrack with so many vintage songs that ends up reducing its already minimal effect (and this may be the only time a presentation of the American TV about the 60s US never mentions the British Invasion - there are no Beatles, Rolling Stones ... so again, there are so many songs that you can fit into a soundtrack album, right?). of surface skimming for both the time and the plot with a happy ending almost out of place, "American Dreams" and "The Wonder Years" have made everything so much better.Nothing to see here that you can not see elsewhere, people ... except for Julia Stiles making a difference.
