The Circle of Two premise is intriguing. A forbidden love between a sixties painter, Ashleigh (Richard Burton) and a fifteen-year-old girl, Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neill); and the question of whether such a relationship is acceptable given the standards of society. The problem with Circle of Two, however, is that it does not deliver on its promise. Director Jules Dassin and Hedley should have thought more about the script. When I watched this movie, I hoped to learn something new about love and sexuality. Instead, I had a tedious dialogue, a useless lecture on art, walks where Sarah seemed to amuse herself further away from Ashleigh and a final scene so artificial that her emotional impact was lost. This script makes good actors look bad. Thus, one can imagine how the problems of the film were further aggravated by the largely amateurish cast that Jules Dassin set up. Tatum O'Neill was not in his element. I did not believe for a second that her character Sarah was in love with Ashleigh. His performance seemed superficial, like a contestant in a beauty pageant. It was as if she forced herself to be happy, when the script required her to be happy and sad, when the script asked her to be sad. The only scene I liked about her was at the end when she said nothing. That was probably as close as Sarah Norton to Tatum came to be. But Tatum was not the only one to blame. Richard Burton's Ashleigh did not have the charm, the charisma and the complexity to attract even women her age, let alone a fifteen-year-old. The rest of the cast was also somber. Even their discussion was not convincing, because they waited to take turns. Who does this? Michael Wincott as jealous ex-boyfriend Paul was probably the best thing in this movie, but his role was small. To be fair to the actors, Dassin's direction left them all down; but it's also true that a great movie goes beyond the script. Kubrick's Lolita did this with James Mason and Sue Lyon; Konchalovsky's fugitive train went beyond the script with Jon Voight and Eric Roberts playing convicts. The directors of these films also knew how to use the music to dramatize their films and reveal something about the characters in them. Despite his own score (a combination of Antonio Vivaldi, Carl Off and Bernard Hoffer), Circle of Two can never do that. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, the idea of ​​a forbidden love story between an elderly painter and a teenager are good, but their execution in the Circle of Two is terrible. In many ways, is it a pity that a controversial story of the Lolita type? that most filmmakers, for understandable reasons, would rather avoid? did not receive smarter treatment; that a script that the actors would have rehearsed willingly was not written; that actors who were committed to their part or who had the talent to make their characters real could not be found; and that director Jules Dassin (who did much better with films like Rififi and Topkapi) did not have to want to put his foot down and say, "Before we do any filming, we need to rethink the love story and reshape the script." The only positive aspect is that one day a smart movie about an older painter and a teenage girl falling in love may one day be made. If such a film appears, it will certainly cause controversy, debate and questions for many years to come.
