Watching Floored by Love, a thought comes almost immediately to mind: "My God, this sounds like a very bad comedy." Sure enough, the FBL is a series rider who can start this fall in Canada, in poor and poor Canada. <br /> <br /> Man (Shirley Ng) and Janet (Natalie Sky) are a lesbian couple living in Vancouver. Janet has already left with her mother, but Cara's parents are still in the dark about her daughter's homosexuality. But the pressure is on when parents come from Malaysia to marry their younger brother. That same week, British Columbia legalized gay marriage. With Janet wanting to get married, Cara has to decide whether or not to tell her conservative Chinese parents that she is gay. She goes? Would she? She could? The situation of Cara is contrasted with that of Jesse (Trent Millar). Jesse has just declared his homosexuality to the world at the age of fourteen. His biological father Daniel (Andrew McIlroy) is coming for a visit soon. His stepfather Norman (Michael Robinson) fears that his chances of finally being fully accepted by Jesse are undermined by the fact that Daniel is gay and he is not. Dialing 1-800-Makeover helps? <br /> <br /> Dialogue and delivery come directly from a smaller 50's program along with exaggerated physical emoticon. The Full House style melodrama is enough to make you shudder once in a while and the comedy attempts largely fail. McIlroy, Millar & Sky are the only performers who approach competence in this miscalculation, but given the material they have to work with, it's no wonder that none impress. It is possible that the camp was purposeful. It often seems like there is no way artists are so bad that they should be trying to imitate the lower sitcoms of past times. If this is indeed the case, this review should probably be rewritten. The rewrite will focus on Floored by Love, a failure and an inefficiency in the distribution of old series. <br /> <br /> Writer / director Desiree Lim has set up a bland-fest that is totally forgettable. There was a time when just having one overtly homosexual protagonist was enough to make a mark on the screen. This time is gone. On this day we need quality too.
