I watched this movie expecting a movie based on facts and thought-provoking. But instead some of the less thought-provoking arguments against the Christian faith have been given. For example, in an effort to prove that Christianity is inherently violent, the narrator constantly quotes the Bible without giving context, thereby altering the meaning of the text. Jesus is quoted as commander of the execution of those who disobey him, when, in fact, the quote is from a parable Jesus told, involving a king who is then quoted. Thus, the narrator makes it appear that Jesus says one thing when in fact he is telling a story where one of his characters says so. This is dishonesty in a very obvious way. Is this really what Atheism has to offer the world? This film also attempts to use the success of Christ's Passion on Jesus Christ: Superstar and The Last Temptation of Christ as evidence that Christians are bloodthirsty. He does not mention the fact that the Passion was the most accurate biblical film historically to this day. He makes no mention of the fact that he was actually most appreciated by critics of the group. He then edits in a series of violent images of the Passion, as if he wanted to hit his point. Ironically, he does not mention the Saw Massacre, which came out a few months later and plays violence for fun, against a dramatic effect. <br /> <br /> One thing that really bothered me was his mockery of people who really knew more about it than he did. All the Christians he interviewed were average schmoes in the parking lot of Billy Graham's New York Crusade. Atheists he interviewed for the film were notable authors and scholars. He asked the Christians how the Christian movement began and, of course, they said it began with the Holy Spirit coming to the disciples at Pentecost. Which is correct (Acts 2). He then gives the comment, "Is not it funny how few Christians seem to know the origins of their own faith?" and goes on to explain that the apostle Paul began Christianity after being stopped on the way to Damascus. The poor guy seems convinced that Acts 9 happens before Acts 2. More mistake? Or is this simply ignorance? He also plays around nonsense that Paul did not believe that Jesus was a real person. Are you kidding me? 1 Corinthians 15 describes the death and resurrection of Jesus being witnessed by people (whom Paul names in the passage) for the Corinthians to question whether they are in doubt! <br /> <br /> There are many other examples of how full of crap this 'documentary' is. But since I do not have the time or the patience to enter all of them, I'm going straight to the end. It is obvious throughout the film that the narrator has an emotional revenge against his creation in the church. And the climax interview is your childhood principle! In one last attempt to deny the Christian faith, the narrator tries to deceive someone who has given him detention as a child. Is this what passes as an intellectual documentary for the atheist community? Certainly there are clever atheist filmmakers out there who can make a documentary that is not a bunch of crap invented past as "facts".
