First let me say that I do not believe in god (if you want to use the word atheist, that's fine, but I do not like that word since it describes what I am not, not what I am), but I hated it this "documentary." The production values ​​were almost non-existent, the extremely unstable and complete premise seemed to be an exercise in Brian Flemming's insecurities. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​were terrible and Brian Flemming is clearly an amateur director at best. The narration sounded as if he had just narrated the movie all at once, and he practiced nothing. There were lots of ways and pauses when he should be talking about the movie. The animation was also very bad. <br /> <br /> The whole idea that Jesus is a mythical character is not taken seriously by historians and scholars of the Bible. As I said before, I do not believe in God, and I do not think that whether or not Jesus was a real man does not say anything about the existence of God. My personal point of view, Jesus was probably a real man, but he lived in a time when there were many massándios (and it seems that the stories of his life and preaching were out of proportion the further you came from his death). According to the Wikipedia article on the historicity of Jesus (and there is a good quote for it, then it is rubbish) "Virtually all scholars in the fields of Bible study and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee who was considered a healer , was baptized by John the Baptist, was charged with sedition against the Roman Empire, and under the orders of the Roman governor Pontius Pilate was condemned to death by crucifixion. [1] "I was wondering at the end of the documentary whether this was more about insecurities of the director than anything else. I wondered if he was trying to convince himself more than anyone else. The most revealing example of this is the final interview he made with the headmaster of the religious school. He's not even modest about it. The way he bombards the teacher is unfair, and although I partially agree with the director, teaching the children about the hellfire is a bad thing, the way Flemming confronted the director was just awkward to watch. Flemming had the chance to perhaps start a good discussion if he were more tactile with his interview. Instead, he comes out aggressive with "it's not bad to teach these things to kids." The guy interrupts the interview and I mean, what he expected, the director saying "oh yes, I see that it is, I saw the light, this will now be a secular school?" It seems that Flemming is taking revenge on what he thinks was an evil done to him as a child. It's not about the documentary, it's Flemming's insecurities and it has nothing to do with the supposed documentary theme. Flemming shows what he's really doing here, and that's the real fall of this so-called documentary.
