It's not as if I have incredibly good memories of Verhoeven's original shock - it has always seemed like a brilliant, well-made movie novel. Exciting, sexy rubbish but rubbish, though. It was also a movie that hit a certain sexual zeitgeist. After a decade of AIDS-induced anti-sex hysteria, a movie about a wild-sexual hot-blood-throb that kills to increase his sexual pleasure was quite appealing. Basic Instinct 2 would always strive to provide the same social relevance and immediacy, so that the fact that desperate attempts at recklessness are so idiotic can be ignored. All he really had to offer was that fine veneer of excitement and a lightly engaging story and all would have been attended to. The fact that it fails on many levels, and being a starting point for all involved, is really extraordinary to see. Let's say the obvious to begin with - Sharon Stone is too old for the sex magnet part of Catherine Trammell. What was so photogenic through Verhoeven's lenses looks like a lamb dressed in lamb at the hands of hired gun Michael Caton-Jones, who has flat, monotonous colors and a static camera that makes his undeniable beauty totally irrelevant. I really like Sharon Stone, but if the first movie launched its career, BI2 could kill him. She has no chemistry with the plush shirt David Morrissey - her only sex scene is embarrassing to watch too much. The son of a mass-faced mother character made me crave for Michael Douglas's arrogant, man-skinned machismo. David Thewlis and Charlotte Rampling's back-up tours squander these great actors in exposure scenes and cliché positions. And the sexual peripécias so praised? Poorly lit, glimpsed, as common as an episode of Desperate Housewives - the European sensibility that Verhoeven brought to the sexual content of the first film is sorely lacking. Do not watch this movie for carnal emotions - there is none and what exists is tragic. The film is, as a whole, rolled to the point of total confusion, annoying and laughable. The last 40 minutes in particular, where you come to the conclusion that the film will not actually go anywhere at all, are particularly tiring and hilarious in equal measure. As a failed sequel, Wild Instinct 2 will occupy a cinematographic land similar to Exorcist 2, The Herege, Beyond the Adventure of Poseidon and XXX2. As a vanity project, it rivals Battlefield Earth in its misconception. As a multi-million dollar piece of Hollywood movies, it's a farce that will be hard to beat as the worst of the year.
