One of the most popular rentals in my local video store is not Borat or The Departed, but a 2005 documentary about Jesus Christ called The God Who Did not Exist by director Brian Flemming, a former Christian fundamentalist. Flemming, in his 62-minute documentary, claims that Jesus was not a historical figure, but a legend based only on pagan traditions. Using interviews with authors, philosophers and historians to displace the ancient Christian belief that Jesus, the son of God, lived among men, was crucified and rose again, Flemming compares the story of Christ with those of the cult figures Isis and Osiris in Egypt, Dionysius and Adonis in Greek mythology, and cults of Roman mysteries such as Mithraism and finds many striking similarities. In addition to his evidence on pagan cults, he also states that the earliest sources for the story of Christ The four Gospels were written forty or fifty years after the date given for the crucifixion of Jesus and that the Saint Paul's letters show little evidence of Jesus being a figure of flesh and blood. Flemming, unfortunately, however, does not intend to carry out a solid investigation of the truth about the life of Jesus, but to use the subject only as a starting point for a total attack on Christianity and the whole religion. Most of the interviews are with those philosophically aligned with the director, including declared atheists like biologist Richard Dawkins and author Sam Price. The only Christians interviewed are those on the sidelines, such as Scott Butcher, the creator of the website Rapture Letters.com, and Ronald Sipus, director of the fundamentalist Village Christian School, which Flemming attended as a boy. <br /> <br /> Like Michael Moore's interview with Charlton Heston in Bowling for Columbine, his interview with Sipus is so controversial that Sipus comes out in the middle. In a sarcastic tone, Flemming tells us how wrong Christianity was wrong about the sun spinning around the earth, then points to atrocities committed in the name of Christianity, like those of cult leader Charles Manson who killed 11 people and Dena Schlosser, who cut it off. The baby is armed for God. He also raises a statement from a book by LaHaye and Jenkins that Christians "look forward to the day when all non-Christians will be thrown into a lake of fire, howling and screaming." To make us even more against Christianity, Flemming shows us clips of Mel Gibson's Passion of the Christ, detailing every scene of violence and torture. What could have been a serious discussion on a very interesting subject ends up becoming a childish discourse and a polemic against all religion. In the process of condemning those who used Christianity to commit indescribable acts, he ignored people like the socialist Muriel Lester, a famous Christian pacifist, Rigoberta Menchu ​​Tum, a Mayan Indian from Guatemala who helped found Revolutionary Christians and received the Nobel Prize for Peace, recognition of her work for social justice, and Mother Teresa, whose work was about respect for the worth and dignity of each individual. His most compelling argument is his comparison of Christian doctrine with pagan cults and he makes some good points, but Flemming does not tell us that although some aspects of these cults may resemble Christian doctrines, there is no texts or original materials for these cults before 300 AD long after the New Testament. It is also important to note a big difference. The immediate goal of the initiates was a mystical experience that led them to feel that they had attained union with their god. This is anathema to Christianity, which believes that a hierarchy of the Church, including priests and bishops, even the pope are required to interpret God's will for mankind. <br /> <br /> Although I am not a Christian and have some doubts about whether Jesus Christ was indeed a historical figure or not, the truth is that in the long scheme of things it may not matter. What matters is that a message was presented to mankind and spread throughout the world that contributed to the spiritual evolution of mankind. Regardless of the distortions and crimes later committed in his name and there were many, Christianity as conceived was a doctrine of compassion and love, and a moral and ethical code that promoted respect for our fellow men. <br /> <br /> I applaud the fact that the film was made and that a taboo topic was discussed, what is extremely necessary is not another divisive attempt to use religion as a combat field, but to see it as a common thread that can unite the people of the world. Although there is room for debate and discussion on religious matters, in Annie Besant's words, "spiritual truths are best seen in the clear air of brotherhood and mutual respect. The God who was not there is recommended only to those whose idea of ​​a good time is to destroy the religion of others.
