Let me start by saying that I totally agree with the basic thesis of the film, that there was probably no historical Jesus and that Christianity is a farce. With that said, this film does a very poor job of proving that thesis. It makes good arguments - the gap between the theoretical life of Jesus and the writing of the Gospels, filled only by the writings of Paul, which does not indicate an historical Jesus - and then completely fails to argue convincingly. It makes broad statements without presenting the evidence on which the statements are based, and resolutely ignores the counter-arguments put forward by Christian apologists. Intellectual dishonesty, emotional manipulation, and lack of serious arguments are obvious and impressive. The only Christians we hear in the film are the filmmaker's old school chief - who appears as a reasonable and rational person trying to deal with an idiot with a chip on his shoulder - and several Christians found seemingly at random in a parking lot. I'm sorry, but revealing that average Christians do not know much about their religion is not exactly evidence of the fraud of Christianity. You can also claim that Jay Leno refuted the existence of Michael Dukakis in his segment of Jay-Walking. Interviews with experts may be interesting, but the film is full of, let's be honest, the filmmaker is being sarcastic. For the first five minutes, the film has already confused Jerry Falwell with Charles Manson and the writers of the Left Behind series with the Davidians Branch. And in the end, the film becomes so egocentric that there is no rational argument left, just a furious ex-Christian who attacks the people and places he blames for his confused childhood. You know, maybe that movie might have been interesting, but it's misplaced in a documentary about the historicity of Jesus, and it's so self-congratulatory as to empty any sympathy. This is a Michael Moore movie without the humor or talent to make movies, combined with a book by Richard Dawkins without intellectual intelligence or rigor. Skip this.
