The Italian Eleonora inherited from her late lover Karl, an ultramodern and isolated house in the middle of the woods. It's winter and she meets the mysterious janitor Leslie, who ends up not only taking care of the house, but also of Eleonora as she tries to adapt to the new environment and a growing attraction between the two. <br /> What was I waiting for? A real thriller, but not quite. That's just the advertising on the packaging for you! I'm pretty puzzled by everything. The title, the story and the motivation. So how do you rate it? Well, this character trait of wood is more of an enigmatically moody story of alienation, possession, and distorted dependence in a complicated and passionate relationship of two masked individuals. Co-writer (along with William Dafoe) and director Giada Colagrande's film are very clinical, distant and calculated with their mysteriously metaphorical story, what makes you question what all this really means? although when your sudden conclusion materializes, you will wonder why I should really care. What we have been through seems senseless, with a heavy display of dead air that focuses on insignificant details and images. Sterile dialogues may have contributed to many awkward developments, but even more so for a leaden experience, since it never goes deep enough. As if you believed. Filtered sexually salty activities just never convince and are far from erotic. They are a kind of collision in the already slow flow. The basis of the plot does something interesting and new, but it's never rewarding and I thought there would be more to it then, all this sad and persistent. Colagrande's direction is professionally elegant and suitably somber to want her to imagine, but everything seems to be in slow motion and can be caught admiring the same viewpoints. Most of the action stays in the same place? the House. The camera work is very tense, but the melancholy soundtrack can be a little ridiculous when it comes to some dramatically penetrating music tips that did not suit the scenes. Giada Colagrande plays sensually and William Dafoe plays the role. He looks tired dog! While Seymour Cassel pokes his head once in a while. <br /> <br /> Just where you're going, no one knows. Well, that's if you can wait for it. I think I'll give the benefit of the doubt, because it's definitely not what I expected from this Indie movie.
