I respect Alex Cox, the filmmaker, I really like. He's like the school boy you think at first is just trying a little too much to be "different," a literary rocker who plunged more than his feet into spaghetti-western and science-fiction and marginal culture and left the world ready to give it away ... but then you see what he really can do, the talent and feverish art and moments of truly absurd hilarity capable of him, and you're ready to see what he has to offer. But there are two sides to his proverbial currency: he can actually hit the park (Repo Man, Sid & Nancy, Walker arguably) or just try a little too much and take out many pretentious rabbits from the top hat (Straight To Hell). Death and the Compass falls into the latter category, and although I respect her original (mostly) approach to dealing with a detective-murderer story, she also falls flat and her weirdness becomes strangely tedious. <br /> <br /> It has a rather strange arrangement and an irreverent style to follow: a detective, Erik Lonnrot, is after a murderer with a hell of a fire, Red (something), and it looks like the killer is leaving behind disturbing clues to its victims: scrawled in blood on the walls are messages that, according to witness Alonso Zunz (Christopher Eccleston who looks like he has just left the Tomb without shifting his gaze), have a religious significance in Kabbalah. We followed Lonnrot in his case, and his methods of pursuing the criminal, which at first include a triangular and compass-shaped pattern on the map - despite the protests of astonished commissar Treviranus (Miguel Sandoval), who also seems back in flash-forwards sitting at a table and speaking to the public in truncated but sad descriptions of his former employee and colleague after the fact of the case. <br /> <br /> Oh, Cox has his moments of creativity and interest, like a shot in which we see the full range of the harrowing depths of the police station where the Eccleston character is carried by handcuffs ("For Your Own Protection "Lonnrot says in case he gets lost in the wrong room) and we're on a long track - perhaps the best or only the most curious one - where we are driven by very dark corridors with very little direction, lost in the labyrinth of curves and oddities between the characters. And it is never something that is not fascinating to look at, with the cinematography of Miguel Garzon a morbid delight. But the plot goes through hoola-hoops to keep things so out of rhythm that could very well be totally without hits. The performances, except for a confident Boyle and Eccleston at the end, are very bad, especially Sandoval, who seems to squirm in his seat reciting the silly dialogue given to him to speak in the audience. While the plot of the murder itself contains an intention for the public that this is not something we have seen before, which is in a society with many demonstrators and architecture suggesting the next decrepit Alphaville wave, she also failed very quickly. What is the conflict here? I've never been so committed to Boyle's personal mission to find this killer, and only slightly caught up in the few flashes of murderous scenes of the killer (and / or killers) going after people like in the building (Cox himself has a fun appearance) . And just when I started to think I was carrying something spectacular, with Boyle and Eccleston in as big a "not as big as you think" building in the southern section of the city, it suddenly gives us a "TWIST" that we know The bottom of our minds is coming, but hope is not, and that deflates any of the monotonous monuments it is carrying. Despite all of Cox's strange touches as a filmmaker, despite all his opposition to feeding the public with a "conventional" approach that I respect, Death and Compass ends up cutting one in the brainstem; is masturbatory.
