The name Uwe Boll is automatically linked to the horror / cult movie and every new movie he launches ?? which is about two, three a year? immediately always receives negative ratings and harsh criticism. You are actually almost tempted to think that this is just a contemporary hype. You know how popular it is to hate Uwe Boll whether you liked his movies or not. Let me just assure you that this is not the case. Uwe Boll is a terrible writer / director and, frankly, a threat to the entire film industry. "Seed" is another unfortunate proof of this. Here Boll tries so desperately to appear polemical and shocking that he neglects countless other elements that any film essentially needs to exist, such as a plot, a narrative structure, character development, tension building? "Seed" is a heinous movie, full of free footage and incompetent fill-in footage. I read since "Seed" was Uwe Boll's interpretation of the popular horror trend nowadays from Torture Porn movies, but that's not even close. The film undoubtedly lends some influences to "Saw" and "Hostel", but basically it's just another nth dull slasher with an indestructible killer and violence in video games. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of "Seed" are more than boring and confirm all the obvious things you already knew would happen. For you to see, Boll was stupid enough to start his film with a scrolling (hyper-fast) text explaining that there is a US federal law claiming that death row prisoners should be released if three attempts to electrocute fail. So you know this will happen later but still the first three quarters are wasted on picking up a serial killer and bringing him to the electric chair. Seed is a serial killer dumb who allegedly killed 666 victims (exaggerates a lot?) Who wears a bag over his head. He watches scenes of cruelty to real-life animals (and therefore we watch scenes of cruelty to real animals; thank you for that, Mr. Boll) and films the people who decompose slowly in their basement (including a crying baby who is really sick and twisted). When he is finally captured, during the most amateur and implausible police hunt ever filmed, and placed on the death row, the film becomes even more retarded. After being buried alive because the electric chair could not fry it, Max Seed crawls back to the surface and begins a new killing; this time focusing mainly on the people who arrested and executed him. <br /> <br /> The foolish twists and the total lack of depth of the history of this film go bad; they are frankly infuriating and insult the level of intelligence of the common fanatic of horror films. Multiple twists and subdivisions in "Seed" are simply impossible to be accepted by the well-functioning human mind because they are so dumb! No one believes that police officers and prison officials will only bury a mass murderer without firing a few bullets in the head first. No one will accept that a fugitive convicted can not be found for another six months, although he has returned directly to the same hiding place where they first caught him! "Seed" is full of retarded little things like that and the movie gets dumber with every passing minute. Personally, I refuse to accept that the cast and crew members did not notice either. This really makes you think that Uwe Boll simply neglects all the advice and criticism, and just stubbornly writes his movies the way he wants. I imagine your shouting of things like "shut up and do what it says" to your actors whenever they notice that the scene they're filming does not make much sense. Just for the fun of disturbing people, there's a gigantic sequence where Max Seed crushes an old lady to death with a hammer while she's tied to a chair in the middle of her own living room. Instead of hatching, as Boll intended it to be, this sequence masterfully synthesizes just how pathetic and controversial the whole film really is. "Seed" is awful, it's disgusting, it's unfortunate, is it? Boll
