Over the past year, Uwe Boll has shown marginal improvements as a filmmaker, creating the authoritative "In the Name of the King" (a clone of "Lord of the Rings") and the proudly vulgar post-September 11 satire "Postal" But then came "Seed ", and the accountant was redefined for Zero, keeping his attempt at legitimacy and respect far beyond reach. And I'm a fan of the guy - his films exhibit a singularly crazy vision, and they are never dull. Born of his frustration with the savage notices his early films received, "Seed" is a colossally misguided attempt at social commentary, and an even worse blow at the creation of an iconic slasher mythology (Boll often seems to be picking up a page of Rob Zombie's successful reboot of "Halloween"). The antagonist is Maxwell Seed (Will Sanderson), a mute brute who has killed 666 people and is on death row, awaiting execution; after unsuccessfully frying the beast, he rises from the grave to take revenge on those who put him there ... and thus begins a series of totally gratuitous disorder. Trying to create a destructor of the new millennium in the vein of Michael Myers or Jason Voorhees, Max Seed is too indescribable and annoying to leave an impression, ultimately resembling a professional fighter washed doing "The Toolbox Murders" in a succession of equally boring victims. In addition, Seed's character and Boll's "message" are contrary: the death penalty is wrong, but do we expect sympathy with a murderer who left a hundred corpses behind him? I think not. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Michael Pare acts like a lost and long-lost brother in the character of James Remar in "Dexter": a policeman who sits a lot at his desk, leafing through newspaper clippings, and watching useless stop-motion scenes of decaying animals and people trapped in the Seed lair. The moment he and a bunch of cardboard cops invade Seed's hideout, the sequence is so extensive, ill-conceived (the lighting is almost non-existent) and uninteresting (despite a good deal of blood) that almost put me <br /> <br /> The film of poor quality is not only limited to this sequence: "Seed" seems to have been filmed by a drunken filmmaker, since the camera shakes and weaves endlessly, a technique that is more to turn the stomach of the than the blood itself; These lengthy takeovers of very little event only draw attention to the sinuous and almost non-existent narrative. At 90 minutes, the film is distended enough to be considered a form of torture, which could have been Boll's intention all along. <br /> <br /> Pure genius ... I think the joke is about me.
