Consider for a moment how it must be to be Uwe Boll. Somewhere, maybe in those places that Jack Nicholson said "you do not talk at parties," Boll knows that David Lean had lice as a kid, who had more talent for making movies than he did. Gore Whores, metal heads and socially dysfunctional may bump into him on the circuit and tell him otherwise, but the general public finds the exit of the Teutonic helmsman so devoid of originality, intelligence or imagination that he has become the internet bogeyman ? an online discursive synonym for photochemical excrement. Boll does his best to outdo these opponents by exploiting tax credits available in Germany and Canada to continue working and raising money with a network of dentists, as Zero Mostel did with old ladies from The Producers. The difference is that the character of Mostel knew that he was doing intestinal filling. Maybe Uwe knows that too. <br /> <br /> Such is the level of hostility towards every new 'Bollbuster' that IMDb users sabotage their ratings by voting 1 before seeing it. Boll's attempts to silence his critics by challenging them to a boxing match and knocking them down only made them more determined. In fact, he is probably the only filmmaker to drive thesauri sales, while critics look for creative ways to describe trash. <br /> <br /> This attack made Uwe a very thick-skinned man, so much so that he must feel involved a carpet, but someone who feels as if he is intimidated by the whole world. Like most people in this situation, he attacked, determined to annoy as many people as possible with the memory of a rainy night holding Variety magazine about the House of the Dead, never far from the surface. This strategy of "I know you are, but what am I?" To claim the initiative produced the blunt satire of Postal, who tried to doze dissidents with jokes about September 11, Christian fundamentalism, jihad, Nazism and pedophilia. Such a litany of invective demands a satirist with Peter Cook's mind and Chris Morris's visual imagination, but the nearest Boll comes to any man is the one in his last name. <br /> <br /> In Seed, shot back to Back with the adaptation of the above-mentioned game, Boll is back with a story about a sadistic serial killer (is there any other kind?) that gets the chair by just two attempts to fail to permanently restrict all life signs. Aware of the fictitious law that says someone still alive after 3 tries should be released, although if you had been fried with too much electricity for what you would want, they declared you legally dead and buried it, only for the disgruntled killer to resurface? and start a quick tour of their jailers. <br /> <br /> Boll begins his 'nihilistic rampage' with Seed watching footage of animals being tortured for experimental purposes. From there, are we treated with the killer's actions in trade? kidnapping of dogs, babies and adult women, allowing them to starve in front of the cameras just to become food for worms. Are we invited to reflect on what a race of depraved amoral flesh pulls all of us are ?? our inhumanity to each other and our fellow beings, acting like a baton of enlightenment that acts as a catalyst for the most repugnant traces of the human condition. Yes, we are useless, sadistic sadists and, worse than that, we do not give Uwe a good rating in IMDb. In short, mankind is bunk. <br /> <br /> Of course you may think that Uwe relies on our worst excesses for his sustenance and with that in mind is a bit bipolar, on the one hand hating his audience and positively watering himself in the sour milk of kindness human the milk that poor old Boll had to drink for so long while simultaneously pulling out his limb and inviting those with a pornographic lust for depravity on the screen to marvel at his fully-open waist. <br /> <br /> The result says nothing about society and its discontents, plus the corrosive effect the bad press is having on its director. Poor Uwe is obviously a very angry man? a scene in which a poor woman gets her brain tightened to pulp tied to a chair, no doubt a substitute for her own fantasy of dispatching various web critics. The fact of being there, but having a cutting-edge approach by failing to cling to any kind of narrative, shows that Boll is a pornographer who likes to get involved with the bloodthirstiness of his audience and knows that plot is surplus to requirements. He made a film that is filmed competently but totally desolate. "I wanted to make a horror movie that was not fun," Boll told the audience at the film's world premiere, and in that fragile manifesto he succeeded, but if that should convince the detractors of the director that he was a serious filmmaker, he you will need something genuine to say, as well as a better and more original way of saying it.
