"National Treasure" (2004) is a completely misleading mishmash of plotting engagements that borrows from almost every cloak and dagger government conspiracy cliché ever written. The movie stars Nicholas Cage as Benjamin Franklin Gates (how precious is that, I ask you?); a seemingly normal fellow who, for no other reason than to belong to a lineage of misguided fortune hunters, decides to steal a "national treasure" that was concealed by the founders of the United States. After a bit of subtext and background that plays ridiculously (unintentionally) as Indiana Jones meets The Patriot, the movie degenerates into a mischievous quirk after another? trying to create a regurgitation "Stanley Goodspeed" by Nicholas Cage and throwing the whole mess with a series of high-octane, but disconnected misadventures. <br /> <br /> The relevance and logic of having George Washington and his heterogeneous team of patriots burying a king's ransom somewhere on native soil, and then going through the meticulous plan of leaving clues scattered all over art work of the American currency, is something that director Jon Turteltaub can never explain. Washington could not find better use for this wealth during the country's early days? Thus, we are left with a mystery built on an enigma that is already on unstable ground the moment Ben names himself as the new guardian of this incalculable wealth. Are Ben's intentions noble? if confused. He is prepared to protect the treasure. For whom and when ??? Your guess is as good as mine. <br /> <br /> But there are some problems with Ben's crusade. First, his friend Ian Holmes (Sean Bean) decides he can not expect Ben to steal the Declaration of Independence from the National Archives (oh, that's a brilliant idea!). Presumably, the back side of this famous document contains the secret answer to the final fortune. So Ian tries to kill Ben. The attempted murder is obviously unsuccessful, if excessively melodramatic. It also gives Ben the opportunity to pick up, and choose, the very sensual curator of the archives, Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger). Does she think Ben is clearly crazy? at least in the beginning. But true to form of action / romance, Abby's resolve melts faster than you can say, "Is that the Diamond Hope?" The film moves to full X-File-ish mode, as the FBI mistakenly believes that Ben is behind the theft, retaliating in various benign ways that lead to a multi-layered action sequences reminiscent of Mission Impossible and The Fugitive . Honestly, these guys never get "intelligence" information that's correct? Ultimately, "National Treasure" is not a big film production, no matter how reminiscent of old fragments and tired of other films, interwoven with scraps, which would make IL 'Betsy Ross blush. /> <br /> The Buena Vista DVD offers a much more generous treatment than this movie deserves. The anamorphic widescreen image displays a very smooth and finely detailed image with rich colors, natural skin tones, solid blacks and clean white. The stylized image is also free of defects and digital enhancements. The audio is 5.1 and offers good sonic sound for the side and rear speakers with intensity and realism. The extras include a series of promotional junket material that is quite deep and exaggerated in explaining how and why this film was made. If only, as a public, we had more clarification on why Ben and co. were pursuing an illusory treasure, this could have been a good movie. Extras conclude with the theatrical trailer, audio commentary and deleted scenes. Not for the weak ?? just the thick head.
