I watched this movie last night on one of the pay-per-view channels and while watching, I quickly wondered why I bothered. In all honesty, I really expected something else from this movie. Maybe something along the lines of "Conspiracy Theory". Because? Maybe because of the cast. I mean, Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel, after all. Not to mention Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now I'm wondering, why do they bother? But instead of an absorbing action and a mysterious drama, I was caught up in a pastiche of arrogant nonsense, like "The Goonies," which to my great surprise seems to have received some critical acclaim. Maybe it's because "The Goonies" was clearly targeted to the preteen and teen audience. Whereas 'National Treasure', judging by previous ones, was seriously intended to attract an adult audience. <br /> <br /> Suspension of disbelief is one thing. It's how you can appreciate science fiction and horror. But I actually found myself resisting spoons full of paranoid, conspiratorial stuff being pushed into the audience. Oh, the writer played all the jargon with the intention of evoke a sense of serious and engaged admiration. "Wow, the Freemasons, the Knights Templar, you know, that may actually be true!" I think the writer really lost me when Gates said the founders hid the treasure to keep it out of the hands of the British! And just the Knights Templar came? New Jersey? Ah, I forgot France! Which helps a lot to explain how it ended up in Philadelphia during the Revolution. It was brought by Napoleon's agents! Anyway, you see what I'm getting at. The premise of the film is interesting. And I really think I could have had success as a serious mystery drama. But that only happens when another kid wears adult clothes. In the end, I think he asks the public not to simply suspend the belief, but to become voluntarily ignorant to an insulting degree. <br /> <br /> I have just seen several articles by Werner Herzog and Istvan Szabo. It's a shock to switch from fine restaurants to the Hollywood Big Mac and chips. <br /> <br /> Okay, okay. If you overshadow chases, bursts and 'gee-whiz' tricks, you'll enjoy 'National Treasure'. But it's the kind of movie, well, have you ever been outside a movie theater waiting to come in while the previous audience shows up? And all the young people are talking excitedly to each other and saying things like, "Wow, did you see how this thing went off? 'National Treasure' is that kind of movie.
