John Carpenter's career has ended if this sorry excuse for a movie is an indication. His excuse is that he only produced it. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact, Bon Jovi and the two vampire girls, Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover, probably fit the same clothes. In short, it was difficult to tell which one was the cutest in an anorexic ramp model. Bon Jovi has more charisma. At least he looks happy when he's smiling. The two Vampire Girls, on the other hand, are all cramps and complaints. At one point they are about to give each other a wet kiss, but stop. Incredible how each vampire movie has some set of moray eyelids for the respective vampires. At one point, Arly Jover is providing fellatio to a very stupid Vampire Hunter and then she sucks his blood while doing the sex act. It would have been an erotic moment, except it was filmed as a total joke, and the actor looked slightly amused as he watched Arly Jover move his head to imitate something that was obviously not happening. With regard to blood, some heads are plucked and blood gushes out profusely. These scenes have so little suspense or accumulation that when they do, it's almost funny, and there's no "horror" reward from the scene. All you have as a member of the audience is a sense of "Wow, that sure was a lot of red paint splashing on the walls. I wonder who has to clean it." Throughout the movie, these Vampire Hunters who are obviously trying to kill Arly Jover (the world's biggest vampire) continue to approach her. At one point, Bon Jovi enters the abandoned church and after he has just shot her with an arrow (and did so on other occasions), he says, "I'm not trying to hurt you. meet you ". THERE IS?? Of course, the stupid vampire Arly jumps up to say hello and Bon Jovi stuffs her again with another impalement device. "Why can not we be friends?" WAR's 70's music should have been the theme song for this movie. In addition to all other foolish moments, there is a transfusion sequence when Natasha Wagner removes all Vampire blood, and people in town line up to donate blood for transfusion. I think blood type is not important? Either way, all your vampire blood is removed. Bon Jovi then decides that if this blood is transfused into him, he can beat Arly by becoming a vampire as well. Of course, as vampire blood is transfused into it, none of your healthy blood is removed. So, apparently, Bon Jovi is walking with twice as much blood as any human can have in his body. And just like the first VAMPIRES, this one also has the special effect of vampires bursting into flames.
