Whoa nelly! I heard a ton of mixed reviews for this ... but one of my go to hardcore horror commentators really thought it was disappointing. Dude, he was right in the nose! This movie was represented by pure amateurs. They had to have done a take, maybe two in each scene, the movie looked soooo hurried. The script was also bad ... they had lines that tried to be unique but failed. Miserably. "Take your meathooks off me!" Oh man, I hate it when the movies try to do it. It happens all the time with comedies ... but with a horror movie and below average actors ... the results are incredibly pathetic. The lines and scenarios were all very predictable. But what made me feel so negative about this movie was, again, the damn acting. It was terrible. Besides the little Asian who worked the booth. I thought he was great. <br /> <br /> The movie is about a stupid tourist who is vacationing in Asia. They end up in the wrong place and fall into the hands of a mafioso sex / slaughterhouse. Sounds like a cool story. But watching someone with a severe case of diarrhea is probably more fun and intense to watch. The only reason this is considered horror is because of the murder. There was no trace of suspense. <br /> <br /> I like many other horror fans who were dying to get their bloody little things into it. But unfortunately, with a huge U capital, the film was incredibly disappointing. I liked the ankle range and the effects of blood. The flabby girls were too. <br /> <br /> Everything about this movie screams amateur. This is the first feature film for Ryan Nicholson, and most of the time he failed. There's no denying that he has a sick sense of humor and a taste for horror. I pray his next movie does not unfold like another horror movie B ... unless he tells us that's what it's going to be. Even after that disappointment, I'm willing to give Ryan another chance. From what I have seen of him, he is a true man dedicated to the genre. Good luck next time, because this was bad news.
