The Live Feed takes place in an Asian Chinese / Japanese nameless neighborhood somewhere like five American friends, Sarah (Ashley Schappert), Emily (Taayla Markell), Linda (Carolina Chojnacki), Mike (Lee Tichon) and Darren (Rob Scattergood) night in the city and taking in the sights. After a fight in a bar with a boss of the Japanese Triad (Stephen Chang), they decide to check out a porn theater, as you would. Inside they are separated and quickly discover that the place belongs to the head of the Triad who uses it to torture and kill people for reasons that are not clear. Can the local boy Miles (Kevan Ohtsji) save them? <br /> <br /> This Canadian production was co-written, produced and directed by Ryan Nicholson, who also receives a designer credit for prosthetic effects, and has to say that Feed is another very poor low-budget photo in one a horror-like camcorder that seems to exist only to make money from the notoriety and success of Hostel (2005) and the mini-mania of 'torture porn' as it became known. According to the 'Trivia' section of IMDb for the writer and director of Live Feed, Nicholson wrote after hearing about certain activities that take place in live sex rooms, for my money I think he wrote after watching Hostel! The script is very poor, there is no basic reason given as to why this porn theater has an ugly, fat freak dressed in slavish equipment lurking torturing and killing people, none. Did you go to the triads? Was it for his pleasure? Was it to make snuff movies to sell? Some sort of explanation would have been good. Besides, why did he call the head of the Triad in the end? If you are looking for a movie with a coherent story, forget the Live Feed. It seemed to me to be some kind of uncomfortable and under-valued mix of sex, S & M, horror, torture, action movies and gore that does not come out. I mean, just putting a horror movie in a porn movie will not automatically make your movie good, it still needs to be a decent script and a story, right? The characters were reasonably poor cliches and some of their actions and motivations were more than questionable. It moves at a reasonable pace, is rather sloppy mixing blood, sex and nudity, but it seems cheap, which lessens the effect. Director Nicholson does not do anything special here, the editing is shaky and annoying, he seems to think that lighting almost every scene with neon lights is a good idea and the film has a cheap look. Available in the 'R' and 'Unrated' versions, I saw the shorter 'R' version, which is not so bloody, but I'm prepared to give the benefit of the doubt to the 'Unrated' version and say it can be very, much fatter but I can not say for sure. There's a fair amount of nudity too, if that's what you like. I would not say there is much of an atmosphere or many scares here, because there is not and are not respectively, although it has a dirty tone in general, that is something that has to happen, I suppose. <br /> <br /> Technically Live Feed is not very impressive, the blood seems a little watery to my taste and entire scenes bathed in annoying neon lights, sometimes makes it difficult to tell what is happening, it often seems that it was filmed in a hand-held camcorder and the shaken edition at least in the 'R' version is sometimes a boring mess. Filmed on location in a real porn theater somewhere in Vancouver, Canada. The acting is bad, sometimes I could not tell if the actresses should be crying or laughing ... <br /> <br /> Live Feed is not a movie that I would recommend to anyone to rush and buy or I did not think too much in this with its weak and predictable history, without exposition and that gives nothing, bad acting and less than an impressive thing (at least in the cut "R"). Watch the movies of the Hostel again or instead, as they are superior.
