First of all, the actor they have to play Jesus has blue eyes ... half the actors they interpret Jews have blue eyes. Are not there brown-eyed actors out there? Jesus being portrayed as having blue eyes is one of my pet attacks. He was a Jew of pure blood! Secondly, what about old English movies that should happen in non-English speaking countries, and all have English accents? (Another example is David Lean's "Dr.Jivago.") Are there no Jewish actors or actors who can make an Israeli accent? The film is often untrue to the Scriptures, and thus seems to doubt the legitimacy of Jesus' claim to be the Messiah. In the Bible, when Jesus is baptized by John, a voice comes from heaven saying, "This is my beloved son, in whom I am well pleased" (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). In the movie, John the Baptist says so! The screenwriter seems to be trying to portray the believers as crazy as well. For example, in the Bible, the angel Gabriel tells Mary that she will become pregnant with the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but in the film we do not see or hear any angel - Mary seems to be speaking with a ray of moonlight, and when Mary's mother hears her talking to someone and spies on her, she does not hear or see anyone either. Also, in the film, when Jesus is talking to the Pharisees at the temple in Jerusalem, he says, "You will not see me here again, not until you learn to weep," blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord. 'because I and my father are one and the same.' The correct line (Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35) is "You will not see me again until I say, 'Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord.'" Jesus never claimed to be God. The film cuts off many important parts (the Sermon on the Mount is heavily expunged), but then spends a lot of time on things that are not even in the bible (a whole scene with Mary Magdalene talking to a John). It seems that the writer, instead of wanting to make a film version of the Scriptures, wanted to make a movie about what he thinks actually happened behind (and in) the scenes. The movie has a gem - during the scene where Jesus tells the parable of the prodigal son, in the house of Matthew's taxman, I had tears streaming down my face. It's the best film I've ever seen about Jesus' ministry (but that's not saying much because the others are just terrible). "Jesus Christ Superstar" is my favorite movie about the last days of Jesus ("The Passion of Christ" is very graphic), although I like it like "Jesus of Nazareth" instead of just ending with the death of Jesus, continue and show his resurrection.
