Scary Movie 3 is not as funny as its predecessors, but it still has its funny moments. It all starts when traveling reporter Cindy Campbell comes out looking for some hard news in the midst of television scans. It soon reveals a scandalous onslaught of the world's ominous developments, including alien invaders, killer video tapes, weird crop circles, and more. Faced with conspiracies of enormous proportions, and a team of very strange people following her, Cindy must fight to prevent evil from dominating the world again. The plot is a no-problem here as the first two were much less plot. This time, they focus on signs, The Ring, Matrix Reloaded and 8 miles, as well as many others, not as much as those previously mentioned. The first one was {imo} one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. The second was not so good, but still quite funny. The third one is mildly nice, but nothing special. Let's just say I did not mind seeing it once, but I probably would not want to see it again. The jokes are unpredictable and the ones that are funny usually involve Charlie Sheen. The lame usually involve Anthony Anderson because he is very overrated. Why he keeps getting cast is not clear why he is not funny. Anna Faris gives a funny performance and she is also somewhat underrated. Simon Rex shows some potential, because in fact he was not so bad. Regina Hall also returns as Brenda and she does a pretty funny performance. The rest of the cast was practically a lot of appearances. Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson probably had the funniest scene of all the cameos. They follow the opening, imitating the Ring, and that scene ends up being one of the nicest in the movie. Denise Richards, Queen Latifah, Camryn Manheim and many others also have apparitions. David Zucker drives and while this is not another plane, neither is my boss's daughter. It is useless to really analyze a direct comedy as the main thing that people want to know whether it is funny or not. Like I said before, if you like it, you probably will not like it very much. In the end, I found it a bit disappointing as the PG-13 rating kind of weakens it, but it can still be enjoyed. Overall Rating
