I was at first disgusted with director Sun-Woo Jang because I felt he cheated me. Jang had the potential to create a strong and deeply emotional film about sex and its effects on people, but chose to focus its force on the pornographic element more than the real human element. I could not see the characters at the beginning and their sloppy introduction, which combined realism and cinema together, was amateur at best? However, this movie remained in my mind for days after I saw it. What remained with me was not the story, not the characters, nor the apparent pornographic nature of the film, but the transition that Jang demonstrated between Y and J. If you watch this movie carefully, you will see that both begin in a stage of exploration of their relationship, eager to jump into the unknown, but certainly not the next step. As they continue to meet, exploring new avenues of pleasure, they continually leap between the aggressor and the aggressor. Jang initially explores the idea that J is the one controlling the situation, so, amazingly, the reversal happens when J becomes obsessed with Y. It's a very small change, and because of the graphic content of this film, it can easily be forgotten, but is there. It becomes seemingly clear near the end when J can not live with Y as his meetings become less frequent, and J attempts to become a part of normal society. This was a huge and very exciting element for this movie to see before your eyes, but unfortunately it was the only element of this movie worth seeing. <br /> <br /> I will ignore those who speak of this film as Nothing more than pornographic, because there are human elements in the center of this film, no matter how underdeveloped they are, they are there. It is a film about a facet of our lives that is very rarely explored in the movies or spoken in the newspapers. What happens behind closed doors is never known? or else we must believe. While the act itself becomes repetitive after a bit, director Jang tries to change a bit with an ever-changing scenario. Our characters are continually shifting from hotel room to hotel room to better quench their thirst for each other's flesh. This is fun at first, but again, Jang's repetitive sequence seems to make it look boring rather than exciting. This leads me to the biggest problem I had with this movie. Jang had a great story with Gojitmal, but where he failed (aside from the obvious choice of focusing directly on the pornographic side) was that he took scenes, repeated them over and over again, without changing in front of us to allow us to get to know the characters. Where was Jang going with this movie? Did he want sex to tell the stories, or did he believe the characters would? He failed in that direction because at the end of the movie we know so little about Y and J that we could not care how they work out. The ending seems almost random at best, as Jang tries to create a final resolution for our two, absolute strangers, of this film. I have to give Jang some credit for trying, but not much. He tried to create some sub-stories that would create the missing personal element, but they just could not get along. Y's brother and J's wife were plot points, but again, because he focused so much on the sexual element, these stronger sub-stories became unforgettable and pointless. Maybe it was just like I saw this movie, but out of the sexual scenes, nothing else worked together. We knew nothing about J and Y and that's why Gojitmal failed. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that this movie could have benefited from having a strong soundtrack or a musical genre element brings us, the viewers, closer to the emotions that are being felt by J and Y. As far as I remember, and I'm trying to push that movie out of my mind, I do not remember any musical tone. Gojitmal may have been a stronger film if Jang or stylized with music or did something to allude to our character's beings. Although I understood that he wanted sex to speak for itself, there was only one technical element missing in that movie that could have satiated a stronger desire for more. Technically, this was a bad movie. Obviously, an independent film in the wild, it seemed more like director Jang was trying to make symbolic references out of nowhere instead of his typical independent of this nature. I did not see as much of a social message or human element as mentioned above, I just felt that he played this movie together over two weeks and understood that sex would sell enough. This was not a Larry Clark production; this was sub-par and definitely needed a few more technical clicks to develop it stronger than the final release! <br /> <br /> Overall, I think I might have liked this movie and there were smaller elements that I liked, but I felt that this movie was rushed, repetitive and played a lot to the taboos rather than breaking them . The obvious pitfalls of this film can be seen in the last scene of this film when we are aware of how the title of this film was conceived. Our characters were normal, our story was underdeveloped and we could have used something memorable to turn what was happening between Y and J into something more symbolic than sex. To me, Jang was trying hard to capture house art finds pornographic? and failed miserably. This was not a movie that was worth the time and effort it took to make. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** out of *****
