POSSIBLY VERY MINOR SPOILERS <br /> <br /> This movie is advertised as the first Russian horror film. Unfortunately, as far as I'm concerned, "The Witch" (its Russian title) will take a place of disgrace in the gallery of horrible Russian films. It is based on the story of Nikolai Gogol "Viy", which is a classic in Russia. "Based" is the key word here, since familiarity with history is not necessary. Instead, the less you know about Gogol, the better. <br /> <br /> It is a unique production because we are quite accustomed to directors taking stories from other cultures and adapting them to their own culture. The avalanche of American remakes of foreign films is a prime example, but Sturgess turned Kurosawa's Seven Samurai into The Magnificent Seven with splendid results, and Kurosawa transferred Macbeth from Shakespeare to Japan to make an incredibly powerful Blood Throne while King Lear has become a fascinating Ran. However, with "The Witch," we have Russians transplanting a classic Russian tale to American soil. The film was filmed in Estonia in English with the aim of copying it into English using American actors and having reasonably synchronized lip movements. As a natural consequence, the colorful Ukrainian past for history is lost, and there arises a small American town apparently torn from some outdated manual of horror books. If the drunken seminarian Khoma Brutus is gone, instead we have a drunken journalist who is about to win the Pullitzer Prize and who at the same time writes about events similar to X-Files and attends the Miss Boobs contests. (I never thought the Pullitzer prize was given for this kind of writing, now I am humbly corrected.) In a strange nod to the Russian, the journalist is called Ivan Berkhoff. They should have called him John Smith because it is impossible to become more banal, clichéd and generic than this movie. Berkhoff goes to a town called Castleville, is stranded on a dirt road, staggers until he finds a house in ruins and is not welcomed by an old woman. All this for the follow-up of a radio advertisement about the forces of evil being the most powerful, and people better stay indoors and avoiding water. Do I need to mention that it's raining a lot? After some supposedly frightening scenes that made me laugh, the story finds our journalist dressed as a priest, he is mistaken for a priest, and the local sheriff tells him that his daughter who died after being brutally attacked wanted the new priest to pray for her. three nights. At this point, the action supposedly begins. Those who have time to kill are welcome to it. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? Everything, starting with the dialogue and going to the support department. The dialogue I heard in Russian was clearly written originally in English, and was compiled exclusively from clichés and chooses chosen from American films. The actors also clearly struggled with English because the timing of their speech was difficult and unnatural, and Russian dubbing followed suit. The acting is mostly atrocious, and not just because actors usually find it difficult to speak, but because they have nothing that comes close to a range of facial expressions. Most of the time, they are blank or you wish they were. The only exceptions are the Sheriff played by Lembit Ulfsak, ​​an excellent Estonian actor, and Arnis Lizitis, who plays a wheelchair resident in Castleville. Oh, and a cock, of course, which is absolutely natural on the camera! I know actors complain of being overshadowed by dogs and cats, but when Nikolaev is overshadowed by a rooster, it is a sad testament to the overall acting quality in the film. <br /> <br /> There was not a single scary moment. throughout the film, and there was not a single original moment in the film either. Remember, this comment comes from someone who is quite inexperienced with horror. The film is filled with standard motions used in horror films since the beginning of the genre. At a critical moment, the camera persists lovingly in a kerosene lamp. The lamp goes out immediately. Must have seen some horror movies too. An example of supreme idiocy comes at another time, a character jumps out of a bathtub and runs to the camera. He's wearing something like thong! No more idiot than that! <br /> <br /> Those in Russia who liked it say that it should have been heralded as a mystical thriller. I was not thrilled either. It was common from start to finish. I particularly liked the fact that the entire population of the small town behaved as if they knew exactly that they lived in a horror movie except that they were not sure if they had zombies or not. So some of them acted like zombies just in case. <br /> <br /> The creators of the movie say it's about finding faith. Such good collections of idiotic actions, stupidly invented moments, and, rather, clichés, do not deserve to be about finding faith. The film is so utterly and utterly untrue that it deserves to be just an exhibition in a wax museum.
