What's in here?! Let me tell you. It is the presence of (Alec Baldwin). He's not a great actor, but maybe a good star with good movies, which is not one of them. He did nothing here more than anything he did before or after. So not to mention (literally!) The question of (Steve McQueen) being in the same role in the original because I do not want to make that comparison in the first place. I'm not a big fan or even a fan of (Kim Basinger), she has a lot of bad movies about her and even at her best she looks average! And that gives me courage whenever they talk about their seductive rare beauty !! Well, if being blonde would make someone captivate then I will dye my hair yellow as fast as possible! And what is this with all the madness for losing Basinger's Legs ?? !! Is it certainly insanity or bad taste? As I do not see both as not only sexy, but ugly too! And if you hate it, then knock me down, but you know what?! I just watched this movie, so I'm already dead! However, what would make you really suffer in an unbearable way is that none of the credits goes to what they deserve the most? And of course I mean (Jennifer Tilly) .. Now we're talking about a real genuine seductive girl with such an unforgettable body and a unique feeling of seduction as a nasty brunette (Marilyn Monroe) but much healthier !! (I can not help it, she was the only new thing available here!). (Michael Madsen) as the bad guy was very attractive and effective more than the good ones, (James Woods) is here to summarize the first events by the pool (so the trailer would be by his voice later!) And he knew Before of all this is a whole thing from Hollywood, so "Do your thing, get your money and good luck as an actor in other movies!", the issue gave the film a serious personality along with a violent atmosphere made by suitable brilliant cinematography, then his main assets (Action, Emotion, ..) are here and reasonably well done, although any echo to deep meanings about (the types of betrayal) as the main dramatic motive of the whole thing is not so strong so do not wait for that. Okay, it's all in another remake without anything special (Except the spicy moments of Jennifer Tilly!) So I guess I tried to be objective as much as I could, so I should not end my review by saying that (Basinger) or someone here did it better than this movie .. It would be an insult because, frankly .. Anything is better than this movie!
