Renowned director of photography Freddie Francis (Glory, The Elephant Man) directs this rather bad horror / drama film. Nineteenth-century England has a different view of how the practice of medicine should be treated than Dr. Thomas Rock, the law stating that only the bodies of hanged criminals can be studied and experienced. But the stock of these bodies is small, and Rock needs more - and he prefers them fresher. Being a dissident within his circle, he begins to pay people to find bodies for him to study and test. Robert Fallon and Timothy Broom, who are desperate, find out about this job opportunity and start murdering people and selling those bodies to Rock. Of course, such action has even worse consequences than practicing on the corpses of non-criminals and causing trouble for everyone. While the overall story sounds intriguing on paper, almost everything about Doctor And The Devils is laughably bad. <br /> <br /> After the first fifteen minutes of the movie, you are already beginning to question your decision to sit down to watch. the film. The whole look of the movie is just ugly. Seeing how the film takes place in the favelas of England during the 19th century, the filmmakers were probably looking "ugly", but they do not do it in an ingenious way. Everything from the scenery to the cinematography seems cheap, weak and disgusting. Also, almost everything is filled with something that you simply can not take seriously, and most of the time this has to do with someone (both in small and large roles) doing something that looks or sounds completely ridiculous. Francis certainly did not help his actors much. <br /> <br /> Jonathan Pryce and Stephen Rea play the distorted friends of the movie, Fallon and Broom, respectively, and are very bombastic, but very bad. His characters are by nature crazy, but Pryce and Rea outnumber the parts to death. They especially have a hard time keeping up the same shooting accent - Pryce, in particular, goes from Cockney to Irish, to Long John Silver, to some kind of pond creature, and so on. It's also a riot of humor to see Twiggy in this movie, let alone interpret a street hooker, since she can not act to save her life (though her music during the final credits is not so funny). Boy, she certainly has come a long way: from "flower power" to "I'm going to take off my clothes for a shillin '!" As bad as these three actors are in this movie, Julian Sands takes home the award for the film's worst performance. He is as stupid as possible, giving a noisy attempt after another in portraying anger, love, happiness, anxiety - choose an emotion, any emotion! <br /> <br /> There's only one good thing about Doctor And The Devils: Dr. Rock's Timothy Dalton's performance. Despite being surrounded by cinematographic sewage, Dalton is excellent; giving an electric portrait of a well-led man still good. Too bad the rest of the movie could not have been as good as Mr. Dalton ....
