I can appreciate what Barney is trying to achieve, but after sitting at a college movie last night, I could not help thinking ... when will this end? Very long and heavy two hours and fifteen minutes. I had seen only part of Cremaster 3 on DVD and thought I knew what to expect. That said, experimental films like this are best digested in small increments. There are a couple of beautiful / horrible pictures ... including the title sequence (no joke), but if you indulge in hoping for any kind of plot or meaning then you are on a long journey inducing snooze. I managed to stay awake for the whole thing (if that's a compliment), but more often than not, I was hoping for some kind of meaning or narrative ... big mistake. Among the collection of images there is a very ornate gift wrapping ceremony, creating a disgusting dish of what appears to be oil jelly slabs formed with a cookie cutter and sprinkled with shrimp (this is served to the ship's crew who is shown throughout the film), a large fat cheesecake with a large mouthful of tentacles placed in the center and the mutual evisceration of Björk and director Matthew Barney culminating in some bizarre type of communion followed by its transformation into whale-like creatures . The soundtrack is sometimes beautiful and annoying ... sometimes even maddening. There was a time when a song is sung by Bjork to accompany the ephemeral rituals that are being played before us, and other times there is only a constant buzz of a high frequency instrument that we see a mysterious woman playing at the beginning and end of the movie. If this sounds like it does not make sense, it's because it is not! If this sounds like your cup of tea then you will love it! If this sounds like something you probably will not like, then stay away from it because you'll probably leave the theater halfway, like several people in the exhibit I watched. This is the very definition of an art film. You take it from what you get out of it. But on the other hand, there is not much there, apart from some curiosities and constant rituals of construction and deconstruction. I'm glad there is a place for movies like this, but I can not say I would sit down again. However, I can not say I would not want to see one of the Barney Cremaster movies from start to finish and compare it to that. I guess, maybe now that I know what to expect, I might like something more like that. To give you an idea of ​​the kind of understanding this movie has, I would probably have liked it more if I had been drugged. Then again, it could have felt twice as long, and then it would have REALLY been heavy. Definitely not for everyone.
