Winter Kills is a terrible, incoherent and very disappointing conspiracy thriller from director William Richert. While watching the movie, I honestly felt like I was the emperor in the classic fable The Emperor's New Clothes. The movie made me feel like a fool because I could not make the head or the tail of the serpentine plot and the senseless characters. But I felt kind of ashamed to admit to myself that the movie was tying my brain in us. So I continued to the end, waiting for all the tangled mess to unfold. So I realized .... the film is supposed to be serpentine, meaningless and illogical, because that's the main point. This is a satirical look at conspiracy theories and theorists, with the plot knot used as a metaphor for the interweaving of truths, half-truths and lies that define any conspiracy. Even when I realized the joke was mine, I still thought Winter Kills was a pretty awful movie. <br /> <br /> Young Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) is the younger brother of a former US president who was murdered in Philadelphia. Nick is present when a dying man claims to have shot the president and gives detailed information on where he hid the gun. Nick follows the clues, but every step of the way the people who help him seem to die in mysterious circumstances. In addition, his father, Pa Kegan (John Huston), a vulgar and disgustingly wealthy businessman, continues to interfere in Nick's investigation. The more he dives into the murder, the more Nick realizes that he is coming down in a web of complex lies, where nothing is as it seems and no one can be trusted. <br /> <br /> The film is an absolute nightmare to follow, and in many respects it is not worth trying to follow for the aforementioned reason that it engages deliberately. The cast is packed with extraordinary talent, but most of them are wasted. Toshiro Mifune has one of the shortest and most meaningless roles in film history; Elizabeth Taylor appears uncredited and does not have a single line of dialogue; Richard Boone is given what appears to be an interesting role, but his character is not going anywhere. John Huston has the best role as the powerful patriarch and gives us some nice moments from the movie with his bitter delivery. Anthony Perkins also gets a scary role and deals well with him, although his playing time is too short to do full justice to the character. Some nudity and sex scenes are played for no real reason and although they are quite graphic and can appeal to voyeurs, they actually belong to another movie. The semi-comic climax of the film is farcical and disappointing, but paradoxically memorable in its strange way. There's obviously a cult audience somewhere for the Winter Kills ... but I will not be counting among your number.
