Species begins on a Friday night in Los Angeles, where dr. Irwin (Guy Vieg) and his lab assistant Walter (Allen Lee Haff) are burning the midnight oil as they try to perfect a revolutionary new drug called Rejenacyn. As Walter drops the most recent unsuccessful attempt at the sink, the pipes leak the fluorescent green liquid into the basement where escaped lab mice begin to drink ... Five of Walter's friends, Alicia (Leah Rown in a very attractive outfit including some boots (Richard Peterson), Burke (Derek Hofman), Frank (David Bradley) and Chelsea (Alexandra Townsend) decide that he has worked very hard and needs to get out so they plan to search it and party all night. Back in the lab and janitor Douglas (Robert Broughton) was attacked and killed by the now murderous rats in the basement while Walter injects the latest batch of serum into a laboratory mouse that comes out of its cage as it grows at a surprising rate. Walter's friends appear, but he can not leave while the mouse is still missing, so they all help him to find him. All six become potential food for mice ... Also known as Rodentz Altered Species was co-edited and directed by Miles Feldman and has very little to recommend it. The screenplay by producer Serge Rodnunsky is poor and combined with the general lack of production as a whole. To begin with, the characters are dumb, annoying and clichés. Then there is the non-original plot with the mad scientist, the monster he created, the isolated place, the human cast stranded, and the final confrontation between hero and monster. It's all here somewhere. Altered species move at a fair pace, which is pretty much the best thing I can say about it, and fortunately it does not last that long. It's basically your common mutant mouse killer and it's not particularly good at it. Director Feldman films as a TV movie & the whole thing is completely bland and forgettable while some of the special effects and attack scenes leave a lot to be desired. To begin with, CGI mice are terrible, the attack sequences feature uneven camera movement and quick edits to try to hide the fact that all rats are passively sitting there. At various points in Altered Species, mouse cages need to shake because of rat movement, but you can clearly see all the mice just sitting there while someone shakes the cages off the screen. The giant rat monster at the end looks very poor as is just a guy in a rogue suit. There are no scares, no tension or atmosphere and since when the basements contain neon bright lighting? There are one or two beautiful pieces of blood here, someone has a nice messy hole where his face used to be, there is a severed arm and decapitation, many rat bites, someone having their eyeball plucked and a dead mutilated cat. Technically altered species are sub-standard throughout. It occurs within the boundaries of a building, has low cost CGI effects and low production values. The performance is not very good, but it's not as bad and a special mention to Leah Rowan as Alicia, since she's a bit of a cat and makes Altered Species a little bit better and easier to watch ... <br/> Altered Species not a particularly good movie, it's actually very bad, but I suppose you could do something worse. Not good, but it may be worth watching if your not too picky and have nothing else to do.
