Nell Shipman must have received a fair amount of money to promote Maxwell's off-road capabilities. The plot of the film is quite simple, Nell plays a writer who has a serious case of writer block and needs inspiration, so she will visit Mexico to absorb the atmosphere. There she meets the hero (Bert Van Tuyle), a cowboy who chooses to drive a car instead of riding. While Nell is visiting with her father's partner in her mining camp, a gang of local thugs kidnaps her and takes her to her camp in the middle of the desert. The hero needs to get to her quickly, so he decides to drive there in his car. This is where the film gives a strange twist. Bert begins to drive through all imaginable terrain, enormous rocks, small streams, heavy brushstrokes, irregular stumps of trees, steep slopes, etc., etc. Now remember, this is not a modern ATV, it's a 1920s Maxwell automobile, so it looks very out of place as an off-road vehicle. And this clearly has limitations for some of the terrain he encounters, we can see him stuck more than once in this movie. But the filmmakers made an effort to show that they were overcoming all the difficulties and ended up going through all the obstacles. Once the hero arrives at the hidden camp and rescues the girl, he jumps in the car with her and walks away with the bad guys in pursuit (on horseback), and at this point has become hysterically funny to me. Watching this car rolling slowly over huge rocks, getting stuck in the gravel and the mountain, going back and forth to gain enough strength to pass over the tree branches, the bad guys should have had enough time to reach them. But they never do, even if we believe that this chase in the woods will last all night. And in a foolish climax, the car climbs the slope of a mountain and helps Nell and the hero push a huge rock to crush the thugs who chase. <br /> <br /> After watching this movie, you would think the army should invest. in 1920, the Maxwell cars, for having clearly better off-road capabilities than the combined Hummers and Bradley tanks. Watch this movie just for laughs, it's worth seeing Nell approaching the car grill and saying "You made your best car brave"
