This was attributed to fans as the "winner takes everything" match took place between two separate "companies" (the World Wrestling Federation and the "Alliance": a merger of ex-WCW and superstars ECW. a tag team game, wrestlers are limited to playing opponents from each side of the ring to another, each wrestler concludes that to weaken their opponents and intensify the combat is necessary to interfere. punches, performs a special movement, and tags in one The story had already been tainted by Vince's subterfuge that a member of Allance would be sullen and join the WWF. It was obvious, with that claim, that the WWF would be General: plot very groundbreaking, but poor execution, which is not the because the format of the game is tag-team. The remaining games are just revolting: Edge versus T est: potent "big boot" by Test, but this did not show the true talents of both stars <b <br /> <br /> Al Snow Versus Christian: good combination but superfluous with pay-per-view <br /> </ Taji versus William Regal: the worst match of the night <br /> <br /> Battle Immunity Royal: This was an exceptionally fun match to watch, but because the main stars of both companies were involved in the main event, just a wrestler that characteristically appears in "Heat" and is probably a reject of WCW's heavy light (ie, Hardy Boyz Versus Dudley Boyz: The Best Game of the Night: Jeff Hardy performed a "Swanton Bomb" from the top of a cage and through a wooden table and Matt was trapped in the cage, which seemed to be extremely painful. As Stone Cold was the WWF champion, Rob Van Dam was the Hardcore Champion, and Kurt Angle was a "mole" in the alliance. , all key stars in the main event of the "Alliance" faction were given work after the outcome of the game, except Booker T., who recently attacked a wrestler in "Raw" and will inevitably get work. Shane McMahon will return to television somehow, and everyone wished to witness the fall and death of the "Alliance" to see Stone Cold out of work. WWF did a lot better. A game where all the tiltes were brought to a faction would have been better, and what happened to the Casket and Iron Man games?
