to compose a movie audience - I'm certainly shocked by the number of positive comments that this unfortunate movie received here. I can not credit this, I can not help but suspect, by the way, of bounty awards for critics who are promoting Annette Bening for an Oscar; the hole in the kitchen ceiling may be more appropriately attributed to your munching landscape. She is a wonderful actress, but this is a sadly unbalanced performance, lacking that essential quality movie actors should master the capture of the cadence of the script and keep it during the disarticulation of the madness that is a filming. <br /> <br /> I do not really want to blame Miss. Bening or most other artists (well, Gwyneth Paltrow has no excuse for his work muzzy), however, because this is a horrendous adaptation, a classic case of translation error (I'm prepared for I did not read the book and I do not think The script launches us in the midst of the confusion of unexplained behavior and extreme emotional distress driven by mystifying characters who have developed relationships neither with us nor with one another.It quickly becomes a grotesquely excessive, tsunami-like attack that fouls up both the characters and the audience, and left me as a survivor shaking my head at the debris left at the end of each repetitive episode. Shock and awe would describe my reaction to frantic and bipolar mood swings between the sensible and the so quiet sensibility, the last telegraphed one of the most annoying, manipulative and monotonous soundtracks I've heard - that is, when everything is It's not being set for ridiculously incongruous toons - things of the period, you know, but chosen with an astonishing disregard for the tone of the scenes. <br /> <br /> How did this excellent cast get mixed up in this I do not know. I know - I can not believe they saw the script before signing. They certainly apply their skills with commitment - I felt so sad for the wonderful Jill Clayburgh, with a costume and a postman wig trying in vain to pull something significant out of the sketchy dialogue and cliché. In contrast, somehow, Alec Baldwin rises above the material to deliver consistent, nuanced, and real performance. Can anyone give this man a major role of substance, please? What about Rachel Evan Wood - or Joseph Fiennes? You'd think the industry could make better use of it, and not look as shaggy as Elliot Gould in M.A.S.H. <br /> <br /> My vote? A dung on foot, fine, but no link with the sky.
