When an attempt is made to assassinate the emir of Ohtar, an Arab potentate who visits Washington, D.C., his life is saved by a waitress named Sunny Davis. Sunny becomes a national hero and media celebrity and as a reward, a job is offered to the Protocol Section of the United States Department of State. Unknown to her however, the Department of State employees who offer her the job have a hidden agenda. <br /> <br /> A map we see shows Ohtar lying on the border of Saudi Arabia and southern Yemen in an area of ​​barren desert known as the Rub al-Khali, or Empty Quarter. In real life, a state at this location would have a population of virtually zero and virtually zero strategic value, but for the purposes of the film we have to accept that Ohtar is of immense strategic importance in the Cold War and that the American government, who are eager to build a military base there, must do all they can to maintain the good side of their ruler. It turns out that the emir was interested in the attractive young man who saved him and he reached an agreement with the State Department; they can have their base since he can have Sunny as the latest addition to his harem. Sunny's new job is just a trick to ensure the Emir has more opportunities to meet her. <br /> <br /> A plot like this could have been the occasion for some hilarious satire, but in fact the satirical content of the film is quite attenuated. Possibly, in 1984, the American public was not in the mood for incisive satire about the foreign policy of their country; After all, this was the year that Ronald Reagan led forty-nine out of the fifty states in the presidential election and his hard line with the Soviet Union was clearly going well with the voters. (If the film had been made a few years later following the Iran / Contra affair, its tone might have been different.) The film is not so much a satire as a vehicle. for Goldie Hawn to show her brand of cuteness and charm. Sunny is a typical character of Goldie - pretty, sweet, naive and not very smart. There is, however, a limit to how far you can go with cuteness and charm alone, and you can not automatically make a bad movie a good one just by making the main character a dumb blonde. (Actually, this sounds more like a recipe to make a good bad movie). Goldie tries her best to save this, but she never succeeds. Part of the reason is the inconsistent way in which your character is portrayed. On the one hand, Sunny is a sweet, innocent girl from Oregon. On the other hand, she's a 35-year-old woman who works in a sleazy bar and uses a revealing costume. The effect is more or less how to imagine Rebecca from Sunnybrook Farm grown and working as a Bunny. <br /> <br /> The most important reason why Goldie is unable to rescue this movie is that even the best comedian or comedian is no better than his material, and "Protocol" is simply bland. Whatever exists, the mood is tired and tense, relying on offensive stereotypes about Arab men who seemingly covet all Western women, especially if they are blonde and blue-eyed. There was a lot of this sort of thing in the mid-'80s, as was the period that also saw the horrific Ben Kingsley / Nastassia Kinski movie "Harem," about a lascivious Middle Eastern ruler who kidnaps a young American, and the same name that told a story almost identical with a period. The filmmakers seem to have realized that his film would not work as a pure comedy, because in the end it turns into a kind of "Smith goes to Washington." Sunny turns from a blond fool to a source of political wisdom and begins to utter all kinds of buzzwords about democracy and the Constitution, the citizen's duty to vote and the people and how the price of freedom is eternal vigilance blah blah blah? ??? but in fact the film is no more successful as a political parable than as a comedy. Goldie Hawn has made several good comedies, such as "Cactus Flower," "Overboard," and "Housesitter," but "Protocol" is not one of them. I saw this terrible comedy is by far the worst.
