In the small American town of Meadowvale, Dr. Anthony Blake (David Gale, IMDb for this character is wrong, it's definitely Dr. Blake, not Dr. Blakely) is the director and founder of the famous 'Psychological Research Institute' and also the host. local TV program called 'Independent Thinkers'. He uses this TV show to hypnotize viewers and make them commit acts of violence. Dr. Blake has the help of a big brain with an evil face that uses his spinal cord like a coke. Normally, the brain is sitting in a tank, eating rats and the strange actor, every time he eats someone, gets much bigger. Meanwhile, Jim Majelewski (Tom Bresnahan), gifted but troublesome, was caught putting the Sodium in the toilets. Jim is sent to Dr. Blake in the PRI to help with his attitude and behavioral problems. While there Dr. Blake fools Jim, well, something I'm not sure of that. Whatever it is, it's connected to the brain. At first Jim is able to resist mental control of the brain. The brain feels that Jim is a threat to himself and his plans. Once out of the PRI, Jim begins to have bizarre hallucinations and crashes his car. Jim arrives at his waitress, Janet (Cynthia Preston as Cyndy Preston), but is returned to Dr. Blake's assistant, Verna (George Buza), soon after by Officer Marks (Harry Booker). The brain wants to kill Jim because he is the only one capable of resisting mind control techniques, and with 'Independent Thinkers' going nationally, the brain wants nothing and no one to stop its evil plan to rule the world! Jim quickly realizes that the brain is controlling the entire city and only he must stop the brain before it dominates the world! Directed by Ed Hunt, who is named Edward Hunt here, the brain was not as bad as I thought it would be. Do not get me wrong, because it's certainly not great. Barry Pearson's script attempts a stab at satire with brainwashing and mind control over the TV plot. It moves at a fair pace and is not too annoying. No explanation is given for the existence of the brain, it is just there and that is what we have to accept it. The story is a little unstable and never fully explores a single element; there is mind control of the TV, the brain itself, Jim being chased by the police and his bad behavior and several other little bits here and there, including a bizarre revelation about Dr Blake is not explained at all. Production wise this movie looks cheap, and probably was cheap. The performance is not great, but I've seen worse, and what is David Gale doing in that? In fact, this role is similar to Gale's role in Re-Animator (1985), even with the deaths of his character in both films. The brain itself initially sits in a tank and starts to grow whenever it eats someone and at the end is quite big. Each stage is made of rubber only. It does not look particularly good and is not scary or creepy, just cheap. There is no blood or blood in it but a blink of an eye and you will lose the decapitation. Nakedness is provided by Dr. Blake's assistant, Vivian (Christine Kossak as Christine Kossack) before being eaten. The brain had a certain entertainment value to me, but I think most people do not like it. It might be worth watching if you can watch it on TV for free.
