To say that the Thunderbirds is horrible, forced, ugly, ugly, nasty to listen to and painful to see that the movie would not suffice. There are only two reasons why I can think of why you watched this movie: 1; you've seen the Thunderbirds when you were young (like I did) and you're curious about what it is, but you really will only be watching to find out how much they've ruined everything. Or 2; you are seeing this with someone under the age of ten. <br /> <br /> Thunderbirds manages to lift everything it tries. The list goes on, but there are other more subtle and humiliating things that are painfully obvious when you think about it. From the beginning, the Thunderbirds are wrong, wrong, wrong. The whole moral message and "goal" is created in an excruciating way: Jeff Tracy (A new low for Bill Paxton) tells his youngest son, Alan, that he has not yet proven to be a Thunderbird after Alan decided stupidly to get into The bowels of Tracy Island to light up the Thunderbird One. The whole movie is then a series of events and miss-fires consisting of Alan trying to prove himself while his father and other brothers are trapped in space aboard the five Thunderbird. The film features children's actors to bring the film: a 16-year-old Alan Tracy (Corbet), a 16-year-old Tin Tin (Hudgens) and a 14-year-old Fermat (Fulton) who is son of Brains. To say that watching the 'adventures' they do is painful is a euphemism. Often attempting to act and use the script while fighting the evil 'Hood' (Kingsley) in a ridiculously dull and bland manner, it acts as entertainment for the duration of the film; It only differs when everyone is in a different location. Also, the whole 'mind control' thing was very tiring and basically dragged the film down as it was overused and offered a way for our heroes to see a weakness in The Hood? I know most of the children's films nowadays try to integrate some kind of material for adults, but in Thunderbirds this is done in a fetish way that Lady Penelope. Sophia Myles plays Penelope and I think it's no coincidence she's a little older than the rest of the kids ?? at age twenty-four, is almost too good to be true. Her scenes are often highly charged and carry an erotic impulse. We see her in the bath, bubbling up to her neck watching TV; comes her butler and takes a look as she seductively changes channel with her wet, naked foot and covered in bubbles. Frequent shots of her soft, bright pink high-heeled shoes filling the screen during several scenes: This happens when she's actually tied with the second happening during a fight with another woman! Coupled with that, her bright pink costumes that reveal just enough, but only cover enough, are particularly remarkable, as is the way she moves and speaks with that elegant and dominant English accent; sounding like a commanding lover (Well, she's LADY Penelope after all ?? and you'd better make sure to call her like that) The whole thing is laughable but the editing is so fast that kids will not notice but for sure O The Hood's real plot doing everything he does just to steal some banks is very bizarre, the characters who are his bodyguards: a nerdy-looking woman and hard-bodied black man who gets very agitated. Should we be laughing at this? And the fight scenes? Badly choreographed maneuvers and what the hell was it with the silly noises? It's totally, totally laughable. <br /> <br /> The list goes on. The way Bill Paxton interprets everything so seriously, as he was told they were doing it in a way, but that was done again, just as Ford's car company has its logo stamped all over the place. Newsletter: Sponsored by Ford, the camera even moves to endorse Ford several times when cars are on the shot, does the CGI look like something out of a computer game video ?? it's annoying. The fact that they tell us to believe that a 16-year-old girl can swim in the freezing Thames against the current, rescue a downed monorail (monorail on the Thames!?), Return to the hatch and so; Save the day all the time holding your breath. Is it absolute bull and the manufacturers know this? I do not even know if a 10-year-old would swallow it. <br /> <br /> In short: avoid, avoid, avoid. Thunderbirds is infuriating, bland, badly scripted and even the Rolls Royce was taken out and replaced by a flying car? everything that could go wrong went wrong.
