The original Thunderbirds have gained a place in TV history. It was, and still is, very dear - in fact, the first 10 minutes of the Wallace and Gromit movie (the Wererabbit) is a direct Thunderbirds pickup, right up to a direct replay of the original Thunderbird 2 sequence (if you do not believe me , get the movie, and then get a copy of the original episode where Thunderbird 2 is released). <br /> <br /> This film was a crude attempt to make a children's film - when the original was loved and appreciated by children and adults! In the original, the Thunderbirds spent all their time rescuing people who were often trapped when Mother Nature or Technology wrongly went wrong (yes, there was also the occasional criminal act). Thunderbirds put their own lives and resources at risk without reward - the very essence of heroism and altruism. There was little physical violence. The Thunderbirds defied the imagination to some extent - how many of us would dream of ever building a Thunderbird 2? And do not underestimate the power of entertainment to do it - many Japanese attribute their fascination to humanoid robots to the old Astroboy cartoon. <br /> <br /> But this movie was a lousy image of the original. This movie came as a mix between Thunderbirds and Loony Tunes - I mean, do we have Anthony Edwards as the Brain imitating the stuttering of Porky Pig ????? Much of the action consists of Kung Fu / Power Rangers type fighting. In fact, there were funny sound effects when someone was nailed to the head with a frying pan. The technology that fired our imagination was absent - instead, we have these kids running around, using a plot device that was NEVER in the original series (making the whole team take off at once, leaving the base occupied by children and Brain). Then there was a dose of the mysticism "Use Luke of the Force" when TinTin levitated something or other, along with The Hood using aerodynamics that seemed to have been taken from "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon." The only thing missing was that The Hood was "TinTin, I'm your uncle" in a breathable voice. The heart that made the Thunderbirds unique was GONE. The only bright spot was Ron Cook's portrait of Parker - he got it perfectly. But the actress who plays Lady Penelope appeared as a child - HUH ???? <br /> <br /> And that's why we hate this movie. When someone puts something that was popular to a fan base, and expects the fans to spend money to watch, and then deliver something that was not even close to what the fans expect - well, I'm sorry, that's just WRONG! Okay, so if they were making a kid movie - alright - next time, distribute it directly to the video, where many of them belong. But do not pack anything in a family wrapper and change the gut.
