'Thunderbirds' was an immensely popular show from the sixties that transcended the years and generations to the point of still being as popular now, both with adults as with children, as it was at its height. So one would assume that the chance to produce a live movie with a million-pound Hollywood budget would be an excellent opportunity to revive the series as it did with Spider-Man and The X-Men. But a terrible plot and insensitive acting obliterated this opportunity and it soon became clear that all that was intended for this film was a trip to the box of children's section bargains. <br /> <br /> Instead of a movie-focused film, Tracey's Five Children, his father and brain geek struggling to rescue people and protect the world from villains, our hero in this task is a mistreated and treacherous Alan Tracey, a tin of fourteen and ten. Fermat, the son of Brains (yes, the son of Brains, although he was a man who would certainly never get a woman to try, perhaps he had raised the child on a Petri dish). As can be said from a review of our three main characters, this remake of 2004's "Thunderbirds" was clearly meant to entertain children under 12 instead of trying to appeal to a broad age group as those involved in the much higher resurgence. 'Spider-Man' did. The plot itself was so insipid with clumsy, clumsy dialogs and weak jokes that probably would not amuse the brightest pre-teens. The scriptwriter seemed more interested in stealing 'Spy Kids' (which was at least quirky and original) rather than redoing the program that people know and love. <br /> <br /> Although Sophia Myles and Ron Cook were excellent as Miss Penelope and Parker, they had only about three lines between them, so their presence was scarcely felt. Jeff Tracey by Bill Paxton was boring and there was only the slightest mention of the other four Tracey boys, while Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley, as Brains and the Hood, respectively, were just embarrassing. Hood, in particular, is nothing threatening or sinister, and instead appears as a stereotyped two-bit villain, as soft as a piece of decayed lettuce. <br /> Brady Corbet, who plays Alan Tracey. , may well be a good young actor, but it was hard to see it in a movie where he plays a crybaby who just laughs and the same goes for Vanessa Anne Hutchinson as Tin-tin, since the most she can do is look beautiful and be everything to 'Girl Power'. Ironically, it is the young Fermat of Soren Fulton who is the only interesting character in the film, since Fulton offers a natural and relaxed performance. <br /> <br /> "Thunderbirds," the series will forever be remembered as an excellent show that proves puppets. can give solid performances! 'Thunderbirds' the movie will be forgotten by most and remembered by some as a major failure.
