I've always found that most major box office flops usually have something to recommend them to, but after the remake of Around the World in 80 Days and Thunderbirds, I'm starting to doubt it. For those who do not know, it is based on a puppet show about a family of astronauts using rockets, spacecraft and submarines to rescue people from various disasters (falling bridges, struck planes, burning buildings, etc.) each week. Well, the puppets are gone (replaced by much more lifeless teens), and so is the premise - just an unacceptable rescue and a blatantly ripped-off plot of Spy Kids without any sign of imagination, intelligence or entertainment. The young Alan Tracey feels excluded from all the rescues we never see the other Traceys because daddy does not let him play with a real rocket until he passes the exams. Founded on a beautiful tropical island (a punishment!), Their chance to shine comes when the rest of the family - a bunch of white blondes who look like a gay neo-Nazi boy band without a single characterization between them - are stuck in space and he has to have a day running, running through the jungle, making a phone call, tossing a hose against the inept villains of the comedy and filling them with mud. <br /> <br /> The good points are few and far between. One is that the film is mainly in focus. The other is that they all have to go to the Seychelles, which looks good. <br /> <br /> The bad points: where to start? The lowpoint performance of Ben Kingsley's career? The aforementioned inept comedy relief spouses who would disgrace the Children's Film Foundation at its worst? The almost complete lack of action or effects on a $ 70 million science fiction movie? The terrible script, the lifeless direction, the odious moralization? But above all else is the fact that the film is as patronizing in every way possible. Forget the lessons of life and out of the feeling peg, this is a film aimed directly at the sub-eights by people who know they are making a child's movie and are constantly speaking to their target audience by playing in Thursday's jokes category, and routines would insult most children who had recently mastered the art of speech. This movie could replace the fact of being sent to bed earlier, without dinner, as a parent's favorite punishment for children. <br /> <br /> The biggest failure in British film history (which has not even covered the cost of printing and marketing), is just about watchable if only as an object lesson on how not to make a summer film.
