Johnathan Frakes is a good actor, and when he's not directing a family movie, he's a great director. But he really should not have directed this film, and the script should have been rejected. The director and writers must understand what the original TV show actually dealt with, as well as who the characters were and how they worked. The original series had many episodes with sharp writing using a good dialogue and situations that American producers would never consider using in children's programming, let alone a movie, which made the original series so well received by adults. I mean, the Tracys were newly formed and some of them even drank alcohol and smoked tobacco! And there were characters who were killed, though most were evil. If they had written the way it was originally done, which is not dumbing things up with bad dialogues, kindergarten humor and a weak plot, this Universal / Studio Canal joint venture would not have such bad reviews. <br /> <br /> This movie is almost pure blasphemy. If you've seen the original Supermarionation series, then you'll know what I'm talking about! The first thing that was out of place and annoying was the constant references to the Ford Motor Company, going so far that Lady Penelope was walking around in a disfigured Ford Thunderbird made to look like the FAB- 1. instead of using what would be more appropriate considering Penelope's station (not to mention being more faithful to the original), a ROLLS-ROYCE FAB-1. She must be a distinguished member of British society, hence the preference for the best British car brand in the original series. Another reviewer here indicated that Penelope would not be caught dead in a Ford. He is quite right in the context that the idea of ​​her riding in a Ford does not work. At least they could have had Penelope mounted on a Jaguar made like FAB 1, since Jaguar is a brand of British cars owned by Ford, but NO! They had to use a direct Ford! But Ford's product placement does not end there. EVERY single car you can see is a Ford! Even the flash of news that is shown on the movie TVs was sponsored by Ford! Ford, Ford, Ford! The predominance of Ford vehicles makes this film an obvious marketing vehicle for Ford. <br /> <br /> The original series had a design that was futuristic for the 1960s and still remains ahead of its time until today. But the futuristic design of the original series worked because there was an effort to make the design practical and functional. This type of treatment did not exist in the film, where everything is stylized in excess, defeating the sense of functionality and practicality. Many things that were done in the design of the film were made strictly for the style, often without sense of function to give that style a sense of reason. <br /> <br /> The original series had good acting. voice talent performances to overcome the limited expressions in the puppets, bringing them to life in the episodes. Barry Gray's brilliant and animated soundtrack helped further connect the audience with the story, the characters, and how it all came together to help achieve the super-goal (a bit of Stanislavski's talk). The film, on the other hand, had some overly unpleasant performances. Anthony Edwards exaggerated in Brains as a flaw, Bill Paxton as Jeff Tracy simply did not work despite decent acting (one of the few), there were better choices for Hood than Ben Kingsley, and many others that I do not mind mentioning long time). Quite simply, the puppets were more believable! Secondly, Hans Zimmer's overly generic and uninteresting score, sounding more like a mix between "Days of Thunder" and "Apollo 13". <br /> <br /> And, of course, Hood. The hood of the original series had the ability to communicate with Kyrano through a Kyrano statue as an outlet for the ESP contact. But that was where his extraordinary ability ended. He is a master of disguise and deception, which allows him to sneak in undetected (mostly, anyway) to collect information from the Thunderbirds vehicles for his own means. He also uses weapons for his own defense, including pistols, and often collects information using a movie camera, although he has attempted to steal the Thudnerbirds 1 and 2 at the launch of United Thunderbirds, which was released in the 1960s. Thunderbirds). Supermarionation and was the second theatrical release of the Thunderbirds). But while he is an enemy of International Rescue, the Hood is not the villain in every episode of the Thunderbirds and he tends to avoid a direct confrontation with the International Rescue. In the film, he is obviously the main villain, but he and his companions seem to act more like idiots, along with the Hood having an extended mind control ability, including the ability to move objects and move in flight for short periods of time. time. This completely deviates from the Hood as a character from the original series with one that can make kids laughing and people familiar with the series by scratching their heads in confusion or leaving the theater in disgust. <br /> <br /> There are more critiques, but the 1,000-word limit for IMDb reviews will not allow me to list all of them. So I'm going to close with the argument that I did not like this movie. In fact, I think it sucks! Having seen the original series and the Supermarionation movies (Thunderbirds Are Go, Thunderbird 6), I was hoping for something much better than that. <br /> <br /> The original Supermarionation was much more sophisticated and elegant than this live action. farce (And that's saying very well.) - Kip Wells
