I'm not a fan of the Left Behind book series - books are written at a 6th grade reading level with a lack of research and understanding of science, technology, and politics. Although books are able to remain faithful to the scriptures, their methods of fulfilling prophecies are often ridiculous (an example is their explanation for the Russian / Arab invasion of Israel). In addition, the books have an unmistakable preacher tone that will turn the unbelievers off rather than bring them to the gospel. Yet I have seen myself reading these books because of my interest in the events of the Apocalypse. For a similar reason, I watched this film adaptation. I'm sad to say it's a mediocre movie that borders on the poor. The acting is actually quite decent in most of the occasional cases of bad acting and over-action. The script is pretty bad, although not unexpected when it starts with the novel as a basis. The characters are poorly designed and underdeveloped. Events seem scattered and disconnected. The dialogue sometimes seems rushed. At least the book was able to develop its conspiracy theory. Here the viewer gets an incoherent mess that only makes sense if one has read the book. The rhythm of the film is also very poorly executed, with the opening and ending looking extremely rushed, and the middle dragging itself into a niggling movement that makes it look padded. The music is schizophrenic. Sometimes he succumbs to humor and sounds right for a movie. At other times, this reminds me of sitcom music and mini-series. And other parts remind me of an MTV soundtrack that does not belong to the film. I can give the movie points to the panic scene on the plane, but that's it. The other scenes involving disasters after the Rapture are far from convincing. The film also suffers from the preaching of the book, although its message is not exactly as on its face. In all, I found the film as disappointing as the series. This is not the movie to bring the Christians around him. I hope this movie does not receive attention in theaters next year. It would be a most unnecessary negative publicity for Christianity. For an example of a compelling, intelligent and well-researched series based on Revelation that presents a realistic and Christian worldview without offending the secular reader (who after all should be who a Christian is trying to reach) read the Clone of Christ trilogy James BeauSeigneur. It is a great read and is a much better choice for unbelievers or believers who appreciate quality.
