Never before have a film's motives been more transparent. Let's see: FIRST, they have every televangelist willing to exaggerate in this movie as the best thing since sliced ​​white bread. NEXT, they encourage as many fundamentalist Christians as possible to buy copies of the film in order to recover their insignificant production costs and increase their advertising budget. And, FINALLY, when the movie hits theaters, gather as many Christians as possible to see it, take them to the multiplexes, if necessary, NOT for the merits of the film itself, but because the box office opening number 1 will be seen as a kind of deep spiritual victory. <br /> <br /> But, of course, that will not be enough. I imagine that any movie critic with the audacity to give "Left Behind" anything other than a brilliant review will be considered "anti-Christian." <br /> <br /> Of course, this blatantly manipulative marketing campaign should not surprise you. anyone. It is, after all, good old capitalism in action. What surprises me is how many people have been fooled into the whole "Left Behind" mentality. As someone who tries to balance their spiritual beliefs with some sense of reason and rationality, it makes me scratch my head. It seems that there are many people who truly believe that at some point in the near future a "Rapture" will occur, and that millions of people all over the Earth will simultaneously disappear in AR FUCO. What kind of reality, I imagine, are these people living? Is this "Rapture" they really believe in, or is it something they fervently want to believe? And when they reach the end of their lives and realize that this "rapture" has not occurred, will they be disappointed and disillusioned? Will there still be people in 100 years' time insisting that the "rapture" is imminent? <br /> <br /> In a way, I would almost wish for such an event to occur! What an interesting day it would be! What would be even more interesting is if the Apocalypse occurred in a more spectacular way, not in the anthropological sense that the authors of the "Left Behind" series portrayed, but rather as a Stephen Spielberg production with boiling clouds, trumpets. angels descending from the sky, Moon turned blood, the whole nine meters. Imagine coming to the conclusion that everything was coming true, just as the evangelists had been warning for years, and that there was something more impressive than just the cold, hard physical reality we inhabit. Would not that be something ??? <br /> <br /> However, in the final analysis, it is this cold and difficult physical reality with which I will content myself. My life is not so meaningless that I need the fear of a "Rapture" and the "End Times" to make sense of it all ... I do not need Heaven or Hell to bribe or scare me into decently behaving, Thank you very much.
