It's been a while since I first saw this, so I watched again with the second movie in the series. While I realize that there is a third movie that I have not seen yet, I will review under the original title ... <br /> <br /> Only from the point of view of the value of production, screenwriting and film production This movie fails on many levels, although it succeeds in some as well. What can you expect from a low budget "B" movie? Not much, and it works from the point of view of production. However, writing is certainly disjointed, with little in character development ... exactly what I'd expect when there was a schedule for a movie. I had no problem with acting ... the cast is solid; however, the script in both films gives the actors little opportunity to really stretch out. Because the film is "Christian," this is predictable, since you can not quite portray the violent chaos of the "end times" without also breaking some of the ethics that are usually associated with Christianity. In other words, the mistake is in turning that into a special rating film when content, even in the most conservative interpretations of the Bible, would be evaluated by any measure. So if the purpose of the movie is to scare people into the Christian faith, then the movie should be a bit scary, right? However, you can not comment on a film adaptation of a book without commenting on the book or, in this case, a series of books. Certainly there are many Christian materials worthy of being transformed into films ... but not the "Left Behind" series ... and these films end up failing because, although they are best sellers, they are poorly written novels based on bad theology. As Southern Baptist minister, I confess that the books have been a guilty pleasure to me, though I still have to finish the last two books in the series. I have described them as a decent fiction, and if the books took the view that this is a "possibility" or interpretation of the subject of biblical eschatology ("end time" study), then I could live with it. This series is divisive in Christian circles because it promotes the "literalist" interpretation of all Scripture over a more appropriate hermeneutics. Inevitably, this leads to the view of the "pre-millennial" pre-tribulation dispensation, which confines a powerful God to the world of humanity as well. In other words, as I have always said, God should not need our helicopters and bombs to But many people, particularly uneducated Christians, can not think beyond their own. In the world, we are left with a conservative and fundamentalist stance on the interpretation of the Bible, and we try to force it to be the "only "interpretation. So the books bring with them an agenda, not so much to get the "lost" to understand their need for Christ, but to assert that the fundamentalist view is the only valid way to understand the Bible. I remember very clearly reading (several years ago), in the second novel, a scene in which the characters refer to a person who was "left behind" because of their non-adherence to that point of view; as if "true" Christians worthy of being "raptured" could not cling to another eschatology. This is disturbing for a number of reasons, the least of which is because a "rapture" is only briefly mentioned in the Scriptures and its connection with the actual prophecy of the end time is tenuous at best. <br /> <br /> But the real issue with these books comes from the way they divide the Christian community and how they depict "true" Christian behavior. Ultimately, I feel they harden more people to an otherwise legitimate faith / religion, rather than gaining people for it. It transforms all Christians into caricatures, equally despised and ridiculed by the world, despite the fact that there is theological space for a wide diversity of beliefs within Christian thought and practice. As a Christian body, in general, we've done enough of this kind of harm to society over 2000 years of history ... and certainly we do not need to promote it through the movies to thousands, maybe millions of others. so "Left Behind" movies fail because "Left Behind" books are not worthy of being played in movies.
