The Legend of Bloody Jack is set in the Alaskan wilderness and begins as a relative of some deceased occult assassin-woodcutter reads incantations (The Evil Dead (1982) style) of an ancient spell book in an attempt to resurrect it; not being a great believer in the family unit the Lumberjack guy kills his relative. Two days later, Ray (Travis Quentin Young) along with his sister Dawn (Erica Hoag), his boyfriend Nick (Craig Bonacorsi) and four of his friends stand in front of a cozy hut (The Evil Dead ...) views for a relaxing weekend in the desert. Unfortuntaely the killer Lumberjack guy shows up with his ax and starts to shoot down one-on-one friends ... Edited, written, executive produced and directed by Todd Portugal this is a very modern slasher rotten I'm not just a big fan of low budget horror movies with the production values ​​of a festive video. The script is absolutely terrible in every way for 80 minutes, it has all the bad cliches, the character is horrible, the dialogue is terrible and it's hard to worry about anyone or anything in that worthless excuse for a teen horror movie. Teenagers are even more annoying and stupid than usual, the script is more stupid, predictable and imperfect than usual, and the Lumberjack killer guy is just lame. Then there's the final 10 minutes which, if you go so far and believe it to be difficult, produces one of the worst twists in the history of horror movies which, as far as I'm concerned, mocks us, who stay with 90 minutes of shit. Now I'm going to ruin the ending so anyone who does not want to know stops reading now. Basically, just before the end of the movie, Ray tells a story and it seems he was telling the story of what we had just seen and Nick & Dawn and everyone else berating him for telling such a bad story. pain) and then proceed to pick holes in it and laugh at it. To say why they stood around and argue, why they did not pick up the ax and stuff, I felt like this was making fun of the audience, since those were the kinds of things I was asking myself while watching this crap and have it shoved in my throat and made it perfectly clear that the makers knew that the script was crap and could see all the holes in it and went to a twisting end that blatantly squandered the previous 80 minutes (which we just have to sit back to remember) it's just a little annoying. So to add insult to injury, the Lumberjack guy pops up and kills everyone in two minutes, why did not he do it to get started? It would have saved everyone a lot of time. <br /> <br /> The director of Portugal becomes a real mess, this has the worst continuity between night and day in a movie I have ever seen. The whole movie is set to be set at night and I suspect that the manufacturers tried to use the day for the night process but it did not work and most of it seems to be set during the day. For example, look when Lisa is stuck in the bathroom and she goes out the window. It is clearly dark outside when we are looking out of the bathroom, but when it falls on the floor and the movie cuts to an outside shot is bright daylight. So there's the fact that Ranger Vince says we can not get a party here until 'morning,' indicating that it was supposed to be night, then several minutes later when he leaves and it looks like he's in the middle of the day when he is actually carrying a torch that is clearly attached and it is clearly pointing in the directions in which it is seeming to be night. Whenever there is a scene in the cabin, look at the windows, it's dark and when the Ranger walks through the door to get started is another clear example. The continuity of this movie is simply the worst I have ever seen. There is not much blood, there are some scenes of an ax entering people's bodies, but nothing memorable. It is not scary, there is no tension or atmosphere and the terrible continuity of day and night is so disturbing because it is so obvious. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is at the bottom of the pit, again the continuity between night and day seen to be believed how bad it is. The special effects are bad and they could not even afford to show an exploding car, though it's pretty vital to the plot. This has amateur time written all over from start to finish. The acting is absolutely brilliant and everyone involved should get an Oscar, nah just kidding, not really they were absolutely horrible and even the girls who took their breasts were not very pretty. The Legend of Bloody Jack is just a horrible teenage horror film, it looks like it was filmed on a camcorder without the use of a tripod or steadycam, has terrible effects, is annoying and has a twisting end which is the most insulting in the history of the horror movie or I totally misunderstood and is the most intelligent. Not recommended, watch a decent 70's or 80's slasher to remind you how they should be made.
