I should immediately say that I checked the box of spoilers just because I am giving this comment the amount of thought commensurate with what this mess of a movie deserves, and do not want to be blamed for some point in the plot that accidentally slips. <br /> <br /> This comment will take the form of a speech for the simple reason that I am still under the influence of this movie having just watched, and the unique effect that this renders it incapable of the kind of prediction and structure of necessary for coherent and reasoned criticism. This is not a compliment. It is not the narcotic effect of a truly hypnotic or thought-provoking film. The feelings he awakens combine as an uncomfortable emotional Voltron, composed of a confused mix of some form of anger, the vague desire to bathe, the sense of real betrayal one feels when they realize they have given 109 minutes of anger. their lives in the hands of someone who would not only waste it, but would do it in such a pompous and disinterested way. And I probably would not have done anything super productive with the 109 minutes anyway! But even if I had spent on something trivial, like a block of masturbation power and online poker, I would have felt more satisfied when all was said and done. <br /> <br /> The problems with this movie are innumerable. and, in better times, I would articulate exactly what they were in a semi-adult fashion. But according to what this movie deserves, I think I'll probably stick to the realm of jokes about masturbation and cartoon references. <br /> <br /> The most annoying and terminal flaw is that while watching this movie, it is very sharp. aware that the creators and the participants think they are making a movie much smarter than them. Demonstrating the depth of knowledge one can grasp in a one-semester research on the history of Western art at a community college or school of commerce, the jargon of art is replete with thick and all directions, largely provided by conversations between our hero. the tortured detective Stan (Willem Dafoe, who will forgive this film, for being Willem Dafoe) and his friend of antiquities dealer, Blair (Peter Stormare, pausing to play a sociopath, for whom murder comes easy when playing a 2-dimensional plot device in a film about a sociopath for whom murder comes easy). And they talk. In fact, we are cast in this story in a crime scene that may indicate the resurgence of a serial killer that Stan believes to have killed years earlier, so the whole story is partly explained by uncertain flashbacks, but mostly by flustered conversations between Stan and his friends. reseller, or Stan and his colleague, the unforgivably annoying Carl (Scott Speedman). And although I differentiate the character Carl (Scott Speedman) from the actor who interprets it using parentheses, I must admit that very early in the film I so much despised this character that I really found myself sincerely wishing to harm the actor who played him. (Scott Speedman) It's nothing too fancy. Not death or paralysis, necessarily .. But maybe herpes? Or maybe a stage light could fall on him and crush his arm? This is a dangerous digression, but I'm not editing because I want to let someone reading this, who is thinking of paying to see this disaster of a movie with a clear impression of the horrible desires and feelings that it arouses even peaceful Man. <br /> <br /> Well, I'm kind of losing my breath here. <br /> <br /> Throughout the time I've written this, the sick feelings that this movie brought into me have subsided, my mind has cleansed a bit. Realizing now that I am still investing time in something related to this piece of art, it is surprisingly similar to waking up after a night of heavily suicidal drunkenness beside the hectic shape of a 200-pound college student still asleep. His first desire is a desperate desire to flee. This is natural
