Even more dull, if possible, than the original (hope you can say under the IMDb guidelines). The French connection at least attempted to absorb European influences, to complicate the conventional view of the American police detective, even if the attempt was thwarted by Friedkin's ambivalence, Americanness, and general indirection. The arthouse of the 1960s (especially with the nouvelle wave) allowed a huge influence of European cinema in Hollywood. This lent new vigor and complexity to a tired environment, and at its best (eg BONNIE AND CLYDE, the first Scorcese), a new subversion of the received practice. The original CONNECTION was part of this movement, with its style of difficult detachment and anti-detective figure. TWO is the reassertion of American values ​​by Hollywood right. <br /> <br /> This is in the very boring dialectic of America against France. For example, TWO is shot as a French police officer from the 1970s. It was the French, of course, who insisted on the greatness of American films when they were ignored at home, and this, in a sense, is a recovery, a warning against presumption Gaulish. This can be seen in the pattern of the two films. CONNECTION has French bandits invading New York, with the French style suffocating the American thriller - this leads to the dissolution of the detective figure and to the irresolution of the plot - the bandit has escaped. TWO has the American coming back to France, with American values ​​of thriller imposed on the native genre - the power of the detective is reaffirmed and the conventional resolution is reached. This is further dramatized in Doyle's relationship with French inspector Barthelmy, whose dominant influence he must abandon before he can control the plot. <br /> <br /> TWO seems to follow the original while undermining his detective hero. From the beginning, Doyle's importance is diminished by every turn. Despite the end of CONNECTION, he is considered a hero. But he is an American in a foreign land, and his inability to control language or customs means he can not master the plot. He even misinterprets the signs of the police force, confusing an informant with a criminal and killing him. The power of a detective comes from his power as a subject to see and interpret, but Doyle spends most of the film being watched, controlled, an object, a body (literally in scenes after he is evicted by Charnier) be seen and interpreted. At CONNECTION, he instigated the action, pursuing the criminals, forcing the plot; here he is passive, tied to a bed, locked in a cell, an addict, a dependent. <br /> <br /> This loss of phallic power is predictably symbolized in the loss of his weapon, and the film follows a depressing one. family trajectory of Oedipus. In the heroin sequences, he is comforted by a lady who says he looks like her son. Its drugged state is like a return to the womb, robbed of adult pressures. Taking up the clock reinforces the timelessness of this state, doubly significant for a man whose career depends on timelines and precision. <br /> Oedipus was the first detective, and to avoid his fate, Doyle must reject this false mother. who is dissolving his unified identity, and kills his father (Charnier) so that he can assume his accepted male role in society. Psychoanalytic theory was popular among academics in the 1970s (ironically instigated by a Frenchman, Jacques Lacan), but it is rare to see a film so literally full of it. <br /> <br /> If all these facts tended to minimize Doyle, then the style of the film did not. Friedkin distanced himself from his hero by refusing the character's empathy or motivation, concentrating on the mechanics of the plot. Here, Doyle is a very conventional Hollywood hero. Instead of getting lost in a long, hazy plane, it becomes knowable and understandable to the viewer with the traditional devices - taken from point of view, close-ups, connection photos, etc. <br /> <br /> TWO is all about the fall and rise of Popeye Doyle. The plot, in this case, is subservient to the acting, which is the usual appearance of Hackman. The cold turkey scenes, therefore, despite their monotony, are not disturbing. We are allowed to share rather than coldly observe; this is a much less uncomfortable experience. The scenes are also filmed with a male sentimentality that is very American. <br /> <br /> So, while CONNECTION tried to imitate the complex thrillers of Jean Pierre Melville, TWO does the complete opposite. LE SAMOURAI, by Melville, introduced a gangster who started the whole movie, powerful, out of language, and mapped out his eventual disintegration. The TWO begins with a disintegrated character, achieved in part by inability with language, whose dominance begins when it comes out of language - the final action sequences are largely speechless. In the film, location and language are important because they have repaired and undermined the detective, but when he regains his power (perceived by the return of his weapon, and the cathartic burning of the primitive site of vulnerability, the tower block where Charnier held it), the scene of Marseille becomes more irrelevant, and the mythical impasse, which could occur anywhere, takes over. Compare the endings of the two films: one admits ambiguity and despair, the other absolute certainty. <br /> <br />
