I originally gave this episode a rating of two - now I wish I had thought more about it. I also wish they had negative rating options. <br /> <br /> Watching, I was struck by how bad the whole thing was from beginning to end. I love Ron Pearlman and John Carpenter ... so what went wrong ?? Last season, episode 13 was dropped because of the way it handled the abortion issue. I think this season Mr. Carpenter has managed to do something so gray that you can not immediately see if he's pro-choice or anti-abortion. It was only after I sat down and thought about it that I realized that it is very anti-abortion - you get it more clearly at the end, when the 'Mother' shoots the baby and kills him, to the dismay of 'Dad', who walks in mourning, leaving her mother unharmed. But you also see this in the way the Ron P. character is dealt with - I hardly think that if someone proved to be a sufficient threat in the past to have a restraining order against him he would not be immediately touching the police. Instead, we have the guard dealing almost sympathetically with him (just to pay for it in the end). I do not care if someone has a strong view of something, even if it's not something I agree with, but I think it's a A little shaky not to agree with this view, instead of trying to look like they are sitting somewhere in the middle. <br /> <br /> But, political issues aside, this episode went beyond the poor. The music was retro-70 and just did not work. The acting (besides Ron P.) was bad. The effects were terrible - it could have been better just - did not show the monster instead of showing the tattered excuse for a monster they had. <br /> <br /> All this said, I'm glad they got the Horror Masters - I do not mind going through some really bad episodes to find the good ones. It's a bit like renting horror movies from the video store - every once in a while you get a good one and this makes it all worth it. I agree with the poster that said the name may need to change Masters - some of these people simply do not deserve the title. (Let me stress that even though I hate this episode, John Carpenter TOTALLY deserves the title. He's a master through thru)
