I went into a video store and looked around to find some horror movies, after about 30 minutes I ran and got some. I stumbled into "Masters of Horror," which contained "Pro-Life" and "Right to Die." They looked good, horrible crap of old, but I was interested for some reason. He said about Pro-Life in the case about being a classic, a return to John Carpenter's form (I loved his "The Thing", so I thought that would be fine) and everything. So I called it thinking it would be something big and interesting, I was very wrong ... It started out casual, just a girl running through a forest, afraid of something. Does a car stop and pick it up (just being the people she needed to see, incredible?) They take her back to a clinic and examine her, at the same time all this is happening, her father shows up at the gates and they do not let him enter, it is not out loud near the area. Most likely of something he would have done in the past, but you do not know any of it at the moment. He really does not want his daughter in this place, an abortion center. He is very strongly against such acts, believing it to be sick and not what "God" would want. It "supports" what I've heard is called "Pro-Life". By acting against abortions and going to extremes to allow babies to be born, they are sick. They do not like the Life of an unborn, but have they killed Humans in the past to allow Birth? Justice is just an invention of the mind. Anyway, back on the rails, after the girl is examined, they discover she is pregnant, but way ahead of what she should be. She is only a few weeks pregnant, but months ahead. She continues to tell them that they will not understand her, and that she wants an abortion and everything, but finally tells the truth that she was raped by a devil from hell, and that her father wants this baby (but believes "God" wants this baby, not who actually does). He receives his 3 Sounds (they arm themselves with Pistols and Shotguns), and they begin to enter the Clinic (slaughtering anyone who does not cooperate). The head of the clinic, who must have had problems with them in the past, is well prepared this time around. He ends up killing one of the Parents Fathers, but in the end he is shot a few times (wearing a bulletproof jacket). The father then executes what he believes is meant for the women. It cuts a hole, where the vagina would be if it were a female, and it sticks some kind of sucking thing up there and sucks all that blood. While all this is happening, the girl gives birth to a demonic baby with many legs, and some Devil rises from the Earth (not in the same room) and begins to look for his son. The Father sees this later, and begins to question why this happened, he did what he was told to do, and he does not understand why it is so. The Demon killed the two Sons earlier, and now goes to the Father ... As the girl kills the baby, and the Demon takes him away (not in the same scene). <br /> <br /> Yes, this probably sounds really cool, and an exciting horror movie, but it's not. The acting is horrible and lacking in enthusiasm, the script is boring and not even creative; they pick the wrong characters and do not build on them; just all together, all small parts, nor do they add up to something big, a waste of time. I would not rate this as a Horror, although it has Horror elements, they end up failing at what they try to succeed. It was more like a short film of beginners than John Carpenter. <br /> <br /> Sorry for my lack of information and detailed review, I just did not have the time to lose to write something exciting. . Also sorry if my spelling and the details are incorrect, I really could not be bothered to search anything.
