I was looking forward to seeing the John Carpenter episode in Season 2 because his first, Cigarette Burns, was by far the best of the first season (and I enjoyed other episodes that season). Oh, how disappointed I was. <br /> <br /> To be fair to Carpenter, I think the main problem with this episode was an absolutely horrible writing. The characters, besides the subject, seemed to behave and speak as if they were written for an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger. The acting was bad, and I usually really like Ron Perlman, but I can only blame them both because the writing was so horrible. I'm not going to try to guess what the writers were trying to do because that would be useless, but it seemed like they were trying to mix horror (obviously) with some form of social commentary on abortion and religion. In this case, not surprisingly, it seemed a chance to punish a certain variety of crazy religious as well as fanatical anti-abortionists. And I am in favor of both goals, but it was so horrible that I was ashamed to see the characters acting and speaking with such a stupid inconsistency. This has totally failed to offer any worthwhile opinions on the subject and the horror element has also failed alongside such inept writing. <br /> <br /> Though I do not think Carpenter can be guilty of most of the wickedness here I will say. he chose to direct the teleplay and therefore has to be blamed for it. There are some small pieces that I found cool, hence the 2 stars I gave. <br /> <br /> The actual effects of blood and monster were good, but CGI blood (two separate head shots) were so good. obviously lower quality CGI they should never have received the OK. I'm usually very critical in CGI, but not because I have a problem with it in principle. I have a problem with running it. The technology, while incredible in some respects, is not good enough to combine with "real" effects, be they miniatures or gore especially when it is supposed to match something organic and / or alive and therefore should not be used until they are. CGI can be used well in small amounts or obviously if the entire movie is animated. <br /> <br /> I will also take this opportunity to note that the title of the show, Masters of Horror, is a bad title to have. There simply are not many "terror masters" around. Maybe two or three. If the show was called a "Horror Tale" or something, that's fine. But as is the criteria for directing one of these episodes, and so being criticized for not being a "master of horror" is that they have directly at least one horror film in their career. And it does not even have to be good.
