* MANY SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW * This movie was horrible. I'm a big baseball fan so I thought I'd watch it, and I was very disappointed. It all started well .. When I saw the bad influence DeNiro had on his young son, I was hoping he would become a better parent throughout the movie or something. Anyway, at first it seemed that DeNiro should be the protagonist. He was the only one who believed in Bobby, and he had his adorable son that he was losing custody, which gave me a reason to feel bad for him. He wanted to help Bobby by talking to Primo, when absolutely out of nowhere he brutally stabs Primo to death ... Not to mention that song that unfolds again "I WANT TO FUCK !!!!" By chance, when DeNiro rescued Bobby's son from drowning, I was hoping the movie could redeem itself. He could forgive himself for killing Cousin if he saved Bobby's son. But of course it goes well beyond the depth of the film, because all he cares about is credit for the murder, and stealing Bobby's son, car and dog and keeping them hostage - Bobby just needs to hit one home run and announce that DeNiro is a "true fan" while displaying a photo of him biting a knife. <br /> <br /> Now we come to the completely unreal scene in the end ... It's pouring like hell and we're expected to believe the game was not called. Then DeNiro somehow magically appears on the field in an umpire suit and calls Bobby out at home, starting to draw his knife and start stabbing everyone who runs into the field. Apparently, there are no officers on the field (but the police are on the way), so DeNiro steps on the hill and prepares to throw a knife at Bobby when shot dead. But do not worry, this happy and enjoyable film has a happy ending because Bobby finds his son. <br /> <br /> This is not a sports movie. It's not about a fan. As far as I know, fans are not rabid psychopaths who threaten, steal, and throw knives at their admirers. This is probably the sickest movie I've ever seen in my life. The plot was superficial, the soundtrack was a drug, the movie had no purpose. I warn you not to waste your time with this disgusting excuse for a movie.
