The London subway has something inherently scary, with its long winding tunnels, the escalators taking it deeper and deeper underground, and of course the rats wandering the trails. It is a source of admiration that is not used in horror movies more often. It was used in the 1970s in Deathline, also known as Death Meat, with a cannibal tribe living in a disused tunnel, and the famous pursuit sequence at American Werewolf in London. So I was pleased to see that someone else had tried to enjoy the atmosphere of the subway at night with the recent British Creep production. <br /> <br /> I thought the film started well, with a highly effective credit sequence. this was genuinely unnerving, followed by a scene in the sewers setting the premise that there was something bad lurking beneath the streets of London. However, Creep came down the hill from here, and I found myself wishing that I had shut down after this opening scene, leaving me with a favorable impression of the film. All the characters became unpleasant and unpleasant, even the Powerful, and the director felt the need to hit us in the head with social commentary about homelessness. He also made the mistake of showing the "monster" in full illumination, where it ceases to be remotely scary, and reveals that his name is Craig. How can you have a monster named Craig? It turns into something like X Files and resembles an episode of Tombs. In fact, I was wishing Mulder and Scully would come and sort everyone out for me. <br /> <br /> As for the infamous sexualized violence, it is very graphic, disturbing and totally unnecessary. It seems to be there just to shock the audience, not to any intrinsic value of the plot. The problem is that he is so exaggerated and horrible that it really dulls him for the rest of the horror, which is a mistake, since he's only halfway through the movie. <br /> <br /> So, there you go. The only redeeming feature of the film for me was a rare appearance by Ken Campbell, one of my favorite casual actors. You do not see him very often, but when he's on the screen, he acts everyone in a corner. Launching him as a sewer inspector was a stroke of genius, unfortunately the only one evident in the film.
