For some reason, in the late 1970s and early 1980s, the CBS-affiliated local station in New York continued to feature this movie at night on Friday or Saturday nights for several years, usually at 2am or at any moment. It's a film suitable for this time frame, since it's really hard to keep up with and rather strange (see the other comments for specific story information). Anyway, after picking it up several times in those days, just before cable TV (and even after hitting it, but before they offered too much programming all night long), I kept picking on that little weirdness. After not seeing it for many years, I decided to see if I could find it on DVD. Well, it's only available (from all the searches I've done anyway) on a grainy print on the label "Brentwood Video" as part of a pack of 4 movies (4 movies on 2 discs on two sides) called " Alien Worlds "if anyone is interested. It is usually available for about $ 10, but much less if you shop around. The other 3 movies in this set are readily available in several other public domain movie collections, so there's no need to comment on them here. But I have not seen "Eyes" available anywhere else. Although it is hardly a "restored" version in any way, this print has exactly 92 minutes, so at least once the 90 minute IMDb runtime is not correct. Even with the operating time of 92 minutes, it is not uncommon for a movie nicknamed in English in another language to also have a bit of the reduced duration time. It seems to be a common practice of budget awareness, sometimes saving money, not bothering to dub scenes if they are not considered important to the story. Would a longer version make it less confusing? Who really knows, unless you've seen it in your native language ... By the way, my attempts to watch it during the day do not work and I end up just turning it off. There's something about watching it in the middle of the night that just fits this movie ... or maybe it's just from my previous experiences, who knows?
