I like movies about UFOs, and that's why I recently decided to re-watch EYES BEHIND THE STARS after seeing when I was a child in the late 70's. And now I'm compelled to write a comment on this because I'm afraid to start forgetting all about it fast. You see, even if EBTS is not bad, it's VERY boring and undefined. The story is kind of interesting, but flat. The actors are good, but their roles are boring and a bit confusing. The FX is terribly amateurish, but I can ignore something like that if the movie is compelling, which, unfortunately, is not. <br /> <br /> In addition, there is little violence and there is no nudity whatsoever, which makes this Italian science fiction of the 1970s a TRUE singularity because if there is one thing that distinguishes Italian genre films made in the years 70 of genre films from other countries made in the same decade, is the impressive amount of violence and sex found in them. Curiously, due to the almost complete lack of exploratory elements, EBTS stands out from the rest of the pact. I do not know if this can be seen as a compliment though. Personally, I can enjoy a movie without sex and violence, but I think EBTS NEEDED more violence and a little sex here and there to spice up because it is so deadly boring and dry. And the special effects are not so special. <br /> <br /> The story itself is really interesting. It's a combination of THE X-FILES and Antonioni's BLOWUP: A photographer accidentally captures aliens in the film during a fashion shootout in the country. The aliens know they were captured in the film and they kidnap the photographer and a model, subsequently destroying any evidence of his presence on Earth. The problem begins when the model meets a man in the apartment of the recently hijacked photographer (this happens shortly before she is abducted). The man takes some of the negatives and leaves, with the aliens not being aware of the missing negatives. The whole story is about this man wanting to know more about the aliens and a secret group of spies who wants to get hold of the negatives. Most movies revolve around boring political intrigues in the spy vs spy variety. The UFO element of the story is almost unimportant and could have easily been replaced by any McGuffin cold war. But as boring as EYES BEHIND THE STARS is, it closely resembles X-FILES! I wonder if Chris Carter saw this movie. Anyway, the best thing about EBTS is POV photos, which are scary and effective. But the rest is almost completely forgettable, including the extravagant ones that seem strange. <br /> <br /> Although I've been very negative about this movie, I kind of appreciate it anyway. I still remember the effective advertising campaign that scared me when I saw it as a child. And I own the video. The film could have been much more if it had been done properly. Oh well...
