Creep is the story of Kate (Powerful), an intensely unpleasant bourgeois bitch who finds herself sleeping somehow in the midst of the noise of the last underground train, and waking up to find herself locked in the subway station. After some encounter with co-worker and the possible rapist Guy on a mysterious train that runs after the queues have closed, things go wrong and she finds herself being pursued by what hides under the streets of the city. His story is linked to that of George (Blackwood), a former convict working on the sewer system; they find themselves in the final third of the movie, reunited for their attempts to escape the monster that haunts them. <br /> <br /> The two go through a set of increasingly improbable locations; from the subway station, they end up in the sewers before they find themselves in some kind of abandoned underground surgery. Most subway stations do not have toilets, so how does someone have surgery is beyond me. Of course, the film cares to explain that the surgery does not have running water. Do you still have electricity? Just one of many inconsistencies that work against the atmosphere of everyday credibility that the film tries to create. <br /> <br /> The monster itself is a problem. There is a complete lack of reasoning for your actions, it just kills people for no obvious reason. And then, of course, this keeps some alive for no real reason, maybe just so they can eventually escape and give the movie an extra 15 minutes or more of time. I understand that the natural evil is scary, but then the film tries to explain itself through a photo of a doctor and his son, and some pictures of some bottles containing babies, and yes, it is as tiring and pathetic as it sounds. He also can not explain how the creature was underground enough long enough to lose the ability to speak, communicating only in shrieks of raptors, but not enough for his pair of shorts to decompose. Hmm. <br /> <br /> This business of doctor leads to the scene which is the desperate attempt of the film to implant itself in his memory, and although it is bloody and uncomfortable to watch, this is not enough. The final third of the movie depends on an emotional relationship that never existed, and the characters collapse and recover for little or no obvious reason. George fails, unable to deal with anything, even though he says he wants to run away so he can see his daughter again, and Kate becomes emotionally hard after falling apart from someone who stole her for a travel card. Yes. <br /> <br /> After starting out as a "this can happen to anyone" movie, it disintegrates quickly by presenting ideas that make it increasingly unreal. A complete lack of emotional interest in the characters and an absence of suspense make this one avoided.
