Originally called The Changer. The Nostril Picker is a poorly constructed tale about a loner named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) who "likes young people". Unable to socially interact with the girls, he encounters a vagabond who teaches him a special Vietnamese chant. This "singing" involves whistling "London Bridge is Falling Down", jumping around like an epileptic morris dancer. However, Ugly Joe tries and looks ready! He's a girl now. Ideally he needs to be a young man to attract girls. But let's not talk about ideals here - this movie was made in 1983 and released in 1993 in an ideal world that should never have been released. <br /> <br /> The Film Asylum dubbed this horror hokum "mind numb, story told of ham". It's worse than that. Nostril Picker really catches the cookie, in fact, the whole damn cookie jar. Terribly scripted dialogue, delivered by brain-dead actors, a ridiculous plot and a predictable turnaround. Only when things could not get more absurd does the story unfold on its own nonsensical tangent. For example, Joe decides to kill the girls by changing back to himself. But I thought he wanted to get close to them? Not content to be a killer Joe also turns into a cannibal and eats some of his victims, of which there were only about 3-4. <br /> <br /> The highlight of this terrible movie involves Joe catching a hooker (Steven Andrews), then taking "her" back to his apartment. What happens next defies belief ... Joe transforms into a man, but also discovers that the prostitute is a man. How does he react? Well, in the fashion of Benny Hill-esquire, he chases her around the apartment with a handful of sordid consoles just to climb onto an inflatable doll. God knows what Patrick J Matthews and Stephen Hodge were thinking. At least this scene paved the way for another invaluable moment. This involved the male prostitute reporting the incident to a curly-haired police officer in a 2-bit joke 'police' uniform. Hilarious acting is a must. Especially the prostitute's inability to say "dildo" and her demand for "satisfaction." <br /> <br /> In addition to the incident mentioned above, this monotonous slash movie was a complete bore. You know that a movie is bad when DVD trailers are more exciting. Normally, I was moving on to the good bits, but there were none here. The main action sequences involved Joe simply stabbing his victims repeatedly. Forget the quick cuts, Matthews uses fadeouts (one during a stabbing scene) to limit any form of suspense that may already exist. The non-reaction of a girl to her fingers being cut off is laughable. Usually I would appreciate the words "uncut," but in this case they were far from a blessing. Just more agonizing cinematic torture. The whole movie looked like an unprecedented episode of Midsummer Murders, just less fun. I'd hate to see the cut version. <br /> <br /> To sum it up, the Nostril dial is the most outdated thing I've seen since Richard Hammond's 5 O'clock Show. Dark performances worsened by a terribly small soundtrack and a bad dubbing. Do not be fooled by the box label, this is not a cult classic unless you qualify for cult-use-shitty-horror-dvds-for-coffee-coasters. What I think it does. Unless reprinted within 30 minutes stay away from this coma-inducing confusion.
