Sometimes a movie comes up that is unique. The Nostril Picker is one of those films, The Nostril Picker is like no other movie I've ever seen, unfortunately for Nostril Picker and I is unique for different reasons than what the filmmakers originally intended. Read and everything should be clear ... The Nostril Picker, as is commonly known, though apparently filmed under the title The Changer, begins with some extremely dull scenes of an American city somewhere, streets and factories, this type of thing, as opening credits play. When Nostril Picker starts, we, the viewer, are introduced to a real loser named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering), who is in his 40s, he lives alone in a small apartment where he watches TV, eats beef with dog and hears old vinyl records while he dances with an inflatable rubber dummy. Joe likes teenage girls, he has several porn magazines, but he likes the real thing even more. However, being an ugly guy, Joe can not seduce any young girls out with him, or do anything else with him. One fateful day an old Vietnam veteran (Horace Grimm) sees the agony and pain that Joe has to go through (actually he sees Joe being talked to by the police for bothering a teenager) and decides to help him. He tells Joe about a spell he learned from the 'gooks' in Vietnam that will turn Joe's appearance into everything he likes. A process he calls a morphosynthesis, but at the same time he warns Joe that "you go crazy if you do too much." That night, Joe decides to try, in a public place on a podium, for some reason. Joe says a few words, does an extremely silly dance and starts singing. Joe ends whistling London Bridge is falling, listen, yes, I'm not making this up either. At first, Joe is visibly disappointed when nothing significant happens. To comfort himself, Joe tries to buy a porn magazine, but is shocked when the employee (Kevin Devoy) refuses to sell it to a minor girl. Joe, the bright sparkle he is, realizes what has happened and speaks his way out to claim that his father sent him to buy it. Joe, who now calls his alter-ego Josephine (Ann Flood), realizes the possibilities and goes straight to the local high school. Joe makes friends with four teenagers, Jennifer Armstrong (Laura Cummings), Crisi Stroud (Gail Didia), Tracy Harper (Heidi M. Gregg) and Brenda Kearn (Aimee Molinaro), while under his disguise, & Joe manages to become a student at school by simply asking for sports teacher Miss Van Dyke (Vicki Hollis). At first Joe seems harmless enough, he just likes to hang around girls' toilets and things like that. But things soon change when Joe brutally kills Brenda. Jennifer's father, Vince Armstrong (Edward Tanner) is a detective, so along with his partner Ed Simpson (Clyde Surrell) and Walt Spencer (Bruce Alden) the pathologist is determined to get the patient responsible for killing his daughter's friends, but will they succeed before Joe attacks again? The IMDb listing for The Nostril Picker is wrong, I watched a few hours ago and clearly states that it is directed by Mark Nowicki who was also a co-producer and definitely not Patrick J. Matthews who was credited as a co-producer and director not that it makes much of a difference and I would have thought Nowicki would have been more than happy that Matthews got the "credit" for doing that crap. No one involved in the creation of The Nostril Picker should be allowed to go anywhere near a camera again, ever. The Nostril Picker is easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and that's saying something. It is absolutely terrible in every way imaginable. Steven Hodge's script is atrocious, there is no narrative structure, excitement, tension, drama, character development and things that happen are so stupidly stupid that it's a lie. The plot devices and chain of events in The Nostril Picker are totally incomprehensible. The scene in which Joe discovers the hooker (Steven Andrews) that he hired is actually a man and Joe begins to chase him around his apartment with two squirting dildo's simply from jaw-dropping things. The subsequent scene, when the transvestite reports the incident to the police, is hilarious and made me laugh psychically at the dialogue. I hated the ending too, not only was it predictable, but leave the door open for a sequel, I psychically shudder at the mere thought! On the technical level, Nostril Picker is awful, point and wait for photography, insipid and inappropriate music, forgettable locations, poorly edited (Brenda is killed in the kitchen and her blood splashes on the TV screen that was clearly in the opposite room), some of the worst performances I've ever experienced, and unimpressive special effects consisting of some sliced ​​rubber fingers, a cut throat, and a quick scene where Joe eats a little meat. Not surprisingly, the cast and crew who worked on The Nostril Picker have virtually no IMDb credits for anything sooner or later. Even with 76 odd minutes, the Nostril Picker is far from boring. I could go on all day about how bad the Nostril Picker is, I really could. One thing I can not solve is that all this was intentional by the filmmakers? The Nostril Picker is in fact a unique film, unique in its horribility and incompetence. In the case of The Nostril Picker, I hope it is also unique, having said that it is not yet the worst movie I have ever seen, but it comes close to that, for sure. Definitely one to avoid.
