Tarzan's character has been subjected to so many cliches, and so many bad interpretations, that those who are waiting for a different kind of version (people like me, I mean, they liked Tarzan's books as a child and always wanted a film version that followed the books just a little bit) should know how recent deliveries accumulate. Some of IMDb's reviews address this point, but here's my $ .02. <br /> <br /> I am aware of only two - cinema images - of Tarzan, namely Greystoke with Christopher Lambert and the cartoon Disney. version, which attempts to portray the rather interesting character of Edgar Rice Burrough (son of an abandoned English nobleman, collected after his death by a tribe of monkeys who creates him as one of them, and who becomes "lord of the jungle" because of his superior human intellect before returning to England and claiming his other identity) than the usual Hollywood jungle man whose origin remains obscure and whose marks are his famous cry, his mysterious inability to speak English, despite the long exposure to people who I know the language, its habit of stirring in vines, its strength, heroism, etc. About the only thing these two characters have in common are the name Tarzan and the fact that they both have a wife named Jane. Ron Ely's TV version is a kind of compromise: like Burroughs' character, he speaks good English and is adept and gentle in both cultures, but he is not Lord Greystoke and there is no Jane. <br /> Well, this movie is in a third category of Tarzan movies, and I hope that remains a category of one because it is horrible. This category uses the character as a vehicle for, of all things, soft porn. Jane, played by legendary bad actress Bo Derek, is in Africa looking for her father, the distracted teacher who is scouring the forest for something that is never specified. Although her father has been missing for a long time, she finds it effortlessly. Richard Harris as father is the best thing here; he sees that the film is stupid, so he has fun and acts in a way that reminds me of Peter O'Toole's deliberately silly performance in What's New Pussycat. Dad explains Tarzan's legend ("some kind of ghost or spirit," he says - or steals, or an inartist attempt to honor King Kong) to his daughter, who is not currently familiar with the ape-man. . Shortly after, we heard the infamous cliché of Tarzan's cry. Dad dies, which strangely does not seem to bother much his devoted daughter. And then ..... <br /> <br /> Then Tarzan appears, but does not say anything. In fact, he says nothing during the whole movie. He and Jane fall in love, and they walk around wearing almost nothing as she recites the doggerel's love poetry off-screen. The end. This is the plot. <br /> <br /> Well, not exactly; there is also a scene in which Tarzan fights unrealistic with a boa constrictor - a very unusual boa constrictor, since it is the only venomous one that has already been seen. Jane treats the bite with the help of a chimpanzee who helps by twisting the clothes she pulls to tie the wound with (I'm not making this up!), And that's just one of the many excuses for her to undress I always like to finish a criticism saying something positive, but this time it is difficult. Let's see ... well, it is unfair to criticize this film for presenting an orangutan, although we all know that orangutans do not live in Africa; after all, Tarzan's classic films used Indian elephants, were not they? Also, you have to admit that Bo Derek is handsome in the face and shape. (But in that case why the hell did not she just make a career as an art model?) What does this say about a movie when it becomes boring to look at a beautiful woman? I really have not decided whether it's a positive or a negative that they never showed their crotch.) But now I realize: no matter how hard I try, I can not end on a positive note. <br /> <br /> Watch this movie if you are a fan of bad movies. I'm out of here.
