Bo Derek could have had a career if she had not let her late husband, John, take over as his director. It's a shame, in fact, with the right direction and the right part (see "10"), Bo was fine. She would not win any awards, even at her best, but she is no worse than many actresses who have succeeded in the past 15 years, based only on looks. But there was the problem, John was determined to take advantage of the wave that Bo created with his appearance in 10, Bo being the "perfect 10", "the hottest woman in America", "the sex symbol of the 80s." The problem is that, in John's hands, this wave suffered a resounding crash in just a few years. Maybe he knew of her limitations as an actress, so maybe she created movies for her that focused on her body, not her acting skills. But he got old pretty fast. It did not help at all that the films of John and Bo Derek were (let's be honest) very, very bad. And evil sums up his opinion of the literary icon of Edgar Rice Burrough, Lord of the Jungle, Tarzan of the Apes. <br /> <br /> Do you know what's worse? This movie sucks! Make me laugh, make me cry, just do not bother me. Not even the dazzling appearance and figure of Bo can arouse any interest, and this is what the film is naturally built around. Richard Harris (God bless his soul, he and Bo were previously in Orca among them) and makes their scenes at least a little interesting and Miles O'Keefe makes a physically impressive Tarzan. Perhaps he gave the last laugh, having been hit with a ton of criticism over this movie, Miles went on to a solid career as a B-movie icon in films that were not great works of art, but a million times more fun than this. But in addition, it's Bo's body, and you can only see it so many times before you want something else to go with it. Tarzan, the Monkey Man, has nothing left. John Derek was a truly dynamic actor, he was not a director. He should have stayed with his strength. This film unfolds at a slow pace and nothing happens in the action scenes. Burrough's Tarzan was all about excitement and fulfillment of desire (who would not want to be as nimble, strong and handsome as Lord Greystoke?) And fun! You do not have any of it here. Watch, and you will have wasted 107 minutes of your life. On second thought, you can go out with a valuable lesson, such as not dealing with someone else's film career. <br /> <br /> Bo Derek is right in my book. She stayed at John's side until the day of her death, has a true love for animals and nature and even looks back with a giggle in her time in the limelight. She also proved that she is not the blonde dumb that many want her to be. If she could survive Tarzan and Bolero, she could survive anything. So come back, Bo, all is forgiven. <br /> <br /> And as an aside, Steve Strong is what makes the bad guy the same Steve Strong as a brief career in professional wrestling?
