This is a re-imagining of Tarzan in the era of Soloflex and Apocalypse Now. There is nothing wrong with using movies that facilitate moral restraints to portray an erotic side of Tarzan's legend. There is nothing wrong with the premise that Tarzan does not speak. There is much wrong in suggesting a woman who could go to an African jungle in 1910 could be offensively stupid and plastic. Bo has as few lines as possible when the bodies are explored, because this film is merely a centralized, as neutral video as possible so that you can project yourself and your lascivious fantasies into the project. If it succeeds anywhere, it is implied that National Geographic influenced how the images of a Tarzan film could be constructed. <br /> <br /> It would be ridiculous to argue that films should not employ sexual provocation as ONE of many tools to attract visitors. Some great movie moments incorporate this. But this movement is at the opposite end of the spectrum - provocation is the only thing going on here; at the time of its release and now. You sit amid stupid and stupid scenes that offer no interest, and miles of bad acting scenes to drool on the next peek at either body. Yes ... Bo Derek and Miles O'Keeffe are beautiful (um, congratulations on having a working libido), but if that's your excuse to give a good rating to this schlock, you really should visit a porn store and buy . There is only one hair-width difference between the two formats and (I'm just guessing here) an excited viewer would probably appreciate the latter. The question is whether a mainstream movie is the best place on the market for viewers to look for products that satisfy lust. As a showman, John Derek successfully capitalized on the sexual mystique developed about his wife Bo in the movie "10"; and we created a media event from a superficial project, whose only merit was the heat of the two tracks. The movie itself was out of the question. He was about twenty years ahead of his time to think that the public would applaud him for making a superficial and insipid film that consisted only of showing superficiality. As director, John Derek seems to demand only that Mme. Derek looks nice, empty and hump in every scene. It is terribly dead. Placement of the camera is irritating. In terms of edition, the entire 'wipe' catalog is sold out. The sequence of credit is extravagant. And it is a bid for the one who commits the worst offense on the screen; Bo Derek, who is so dumb, who does not even know how to play a bimbo, or Richard Harris, who shouts every phrase (as he likes to do) until you want to kill him. At least with Bo, you can imagine her blaming some writer who was thrilled to have stolen it.
