Certainly one of the most inadvisable remakes of a classic in film history - especially since the promise of its slogan, "The most beautiful woman of our time in the most erotic adventure of all time", is not even properly explored! Although this movie has been regularly screened on TV in my grove since childhood, its notoriety (for the horrible, non-erotic content, remember you) kept me away from it so far - and I just gave in because I recently enjoyed Bo Derek. previous film, 10 (1979), and has seen many things of fantasy also during the Christmas period. <br /> <br /> Actress and lead producer Bo Derek is rather ridiculous playing the high school sexual innocent (witness to the inept banana scene) and, as might be expected, she is forced to take off her clothes a few times, but as welcome as these scenes were, she was much more sensual in 10 than here; Richard Harris then chews the scene incessantly as Jane's obsessed exploring father, but John Philip Law barely registers as his aide who humbly shows some initial interest in Jane; the newcomer Miles O'Keeffe has the lead role and he only makes his 45 minute entry into the movie, it's completely silent everywhere, except for his famous yodel (which is probably raised from Johnny Weissmuller anyway!) and, moreover, it is as unimpressive as one of the trees he hangs at regular intervals throughout the second half of the movie! for the record, he later starred in two ATOR films (or alleged CONAN imitators) for Joe D'Amato and the ensemble of the King Arthur era, SWORD OF THE VALIANT (1984). While still an actor, director John Derek (who also serves as his own cinematographer here) had worked with some good filmmakers (Cecil B. De Mille, William Dieterle and Robert Rossen) and some (Otto Preminger, Nicholas Ray and Don Siegel), but he clearly learned zilch of them as their direction of this is a great responsibility: frighteningly pretentious at times (witness the horrible sequence of python attacks) with an overuse and senseless use of slow-motion technique and cheeky transitions; this was Derek's seventh film as director (and his second of four with wife Bo) and eventually he only managed to make two more. <br /> <br /> The absolute failure of the film only needs to be measured by the fact that Tarzan's legend has been approached once again in film - in GREYSTOKE: THE LEGEND OF TARZAN, THE LORD OF THE MONKEYS (which, surprisingly , still did not watch me) - only three years later !! Nominated for six Razzie awards (including John Derek, Richard Harris and Miles O'Keeffe) and Bo Derek's own winner, TARZAN, the MAN APE was co-written by Gary Goddard, future director of another highly anticipated transposition, but eventually Disappointing. for the silver screen of a heroic figure (this time excited), MASTER OF THE UNIVERSE (1987) which I will be revisiting now too (yay)! Despite a charming credit sequence showing Tarzan and Jane playing with an orangutan and a soundtrack that is actually not at all bad and quite exciting, any good late intentions are defeated by an extremely silly climax involving natives painting Bo completely white and , fatally the clear disinterest of John Derek in Tarzan's character, which makes him seem like an unimportant supporting character in his own self-titled film!
