It is a great tragedy that Richard Harris and John Derek are no longer with us. But this should not blind anyone to the fact that in 1981 a very ugly stain appears on the curricula of both men. Undoubtedly, John Derek conceived this film by doing for his wife what 'Some Like It Hot' and 'One Million Years BC' did for Maryln Monroe and Rachel Welsh, respectively, creating an iconic sex symbol for the new decade. Having rushed to embrace Dudley Moore on the beach in the reputation of '10 'Bo, a cast of stars and filming in Sri Lanka meant nothing could go wrong. Unfortunately, as they say, mortals plan and God laughs. It is said that when this movie premiered in 1981, the property of Edgar Rice Burrows tried to take legal action against him. Bo Derek plays Jane Parker, who sets off for Africa at the turn of the century to rejoin her drunken and violent father, Richard Harris. Daddy Parker is an explorer who set out to find "The Great Inner Sea", the material of local legend whose existence was poo-pooed by conventional wisdom. Harris is worth watching for an incredibly improvised performance that includes singing an Irish ditty on an Indian elephant that somehow found its way to Africa (arrived at the same time as the Sumatran Orangutan?). , although Jane professes to despise Parker, Bo's and Rich's relationship is frighteningly incestuous, perhaps because of the effects of tropical heat. In a short time, however, local legends begin to circulate about a "Great White Monkey" and Jane hears the famous yodel. This is the movie tip for Miles O'Keefe, a future B-Movie star, making a rather weird premiere as the Lord of the Jungle. Unlike Johnny Weismuller, with his English pidgin or Ron Ely, who speaks fluently the language, O'Keefe Tarzan is dumb. Given some of Bo's and Richie's dialogues though, that's probably not a bad thing. Harris and his caravan finally reach the Great Inner Sea, located on top of a gigantic plateau that seems to traverse half of Africa ... wait, are not seas, lakes, and other watery places usually located in low lying areas? Nevermind, it's just one of many anomalies in John Derek's universe. The crew tries to mount the cliffs and when the ropes break, Harris's roars echo the abuse of the unfortunate men who have fallen to death. On another occasion, Jane decides to take a bare dive in the Inner Sea, giving another opportunity to see some free nudity. From nowhere appears a single male lion. Now, lions usually travel in flocks and never come near beaches, but later, Tarzan will fight with a (poisonous) boa constrictor. Zoology does not seem to have been one of John Derek's strengths ... Being this a Tarzan film, Jane delights in the Lord of the Jungle and decides to take away her virginity. But having seen your closeness to some of these chimpanzees, you have to ask yourself ... By the way, it's not just the property of Edgar Rice Burroughs that you could have sued. It is highly probable that certain primates were on the phone with their lawyers: the chimpanzees here make you miss Cheeta. Especially when they do ridiculous things like walking on the backs of the elephants and clapping when Tarzan and Jane finally succeed! The climax of this film has Bo and Harris captured by some stereotypical cannibals who paint our heroine and prepare to sacrifice it / execute it. Suffice it to say that The Great Wood Monkey picks up his girl and * SPOILER * Harris gets impaled on a huge elephant tusk! That does not stop the dying Parker from delivering a monologue to Jane. As far as I know, Rice Burrows's estate lawsuit never materialized, but "Tarzan the Ape Man" was crucified at the box office (no kidding?) It's a shame. John Derek could have directed "Tarzan the Ape Man 2" with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe living in domestic bliss and Dudley Moore as "Boy".
