I'll get to the movie in a minute. First, someone wanted "evidence" about Clinton's comments in Georgetown, where he said the US "deserved" the September 11 attacks. Well, here is what Clinton said: "At the first Crusade, when Christian soldiers took Jerusalem, they first burned a synagogue with 300 Jews and began killing all women and children who were Muslims. on Temple Mount, I can tell you that the story is still being told today in the Middle East and we are still paying for it. "Are we still paying for it? Whaddya means "we", paleface? The Marines did not invade the Temple Mount. <br /> <br /> But, in fact, Clinton never really left and said categorically that we "deserve" 9-11. Like all of his statements during his presidency, he implied that we deserve 9-11. Just point the "fact" A, B, C and maybe D, and let the listener deduce that they should add to conclusion X. When, in fact, most of Clinton's "Facts" added guacamole. <br /> But this is irrelevant. We're here to talk about movies, not politics. Unfortunately, when Oliver "Captain Conspiracy" Stone makes a movie, you can not escape his distorted politics. It was only a matter of time before he focused his paranoia and bitterness on the Reagan Era, and what a better time than when Stone's dreams came true the day Reagan almost bought the farm. Unable to find any nefarious plot or schemes in the attempt to assassinate Hinckley, he invents one with Al Haig. From a simple misunderstanding of the chain of constitutional authority, Haig is transformed from a public servant who really should have brushed his medical civility into a delirious megalomaniac. You almost expect Haig to rub his hands like Montgomery Burns and tell Cap Weinberger to "Release the Hounds." Stone even recruits the smartest person in Hollywood to play our former secretary of state, Richard Dreyfuss. A guy you love to hate at first sight. <br /> <br /> Overall, the movie is fine. Average, hovering below average. Do not bother renting or buying. Try to pick it up on the cable. 4 out of 10.
