I saw this movie on the History Channel today (in 2006). First of all, I realize that this is not a documentary - it's a drama. But one can expect that at least the critical "facts" that the story conveys can be based on real events. Reagan was shot and the other characters were real people. The movie did. From then on, confidence in the facts declined rapidly. I had never heard of this movie before seeing it. Having been a TV reporter at the time of those events, I was shocked to have never heard of the bizarre behavior of Secretary Haig, as portrayed by Richard Dreyfuss. The whole nation had heard "I'm in control ...", etc., but Dreufuss Haig is intimidating a shrunken and totally out of control office personally. Having watched the movie, I started researching the subject on the Internet and quickly found real audio tapes and transcripts from most of the Situation Room conversations that this movie pretends to re-enact. Unbelievably, many of the film's main "facts", designed to show the White House, the Secret Service, etc., in total chaos - and the country's leadership behaving irrationally and taking the world to the brink of nuclear war - are proven incorrect. They did not happen! There are internal conflicts, for sure. Haig makes mistakes, the performance of his press room is historically pitiful and he is "difficult". But there is nothing approaching the scenes described in the film. There are many gross errors to be listed, but any fair comparison of the recorded and written record and the fantasy of this film raises the question of what the producers were really trying to accomplish. Lighten up? Inform? Entertain? I believe they failed on three fronts. It is difficult to attribute motives to others, but one must seriously question what lay behind such blatant invention. And as for the "Reel to Real" documentary from my beloved History Channel, there was almost no mention of the subjects that were the focus of the film - that is, the events within the Administration on the day of the shooting. Thus the viewer was left to search them without much - if any - help from the network.
