I watched one of the premieres last night and got the following remarks: 1. Just because you drove a ton of video clips DOES NOT make you qualified to make movies. The film had an overabundance of time-consuming photos that did not make sense, horrible angles and terrible lighting. The issue did not help with this mess. When "Dixie" appears late for the memorial service her mother talks about her hand, but it's never clear what the hell she's talking about. <br /> <br /> 2. The plot was promising, but the script was thin and full of holes the size of the Ford Truck. We never understand what drives the characters, what really stands behind the conflicts they all have with each other or exactly how they solve them. Sixteen years away are eliminated in 4 days apparently by magic. The deep conversations were marked by stupid clichés. (Actually, the whole town was a big cliché of southern life.) Half the audience moaned when Toby said "You have blood running in gurl veins" ... and we were treated to that insipid line not once, but TWO TIMES! The revelations were induced, and the dramatic confessions summed up "I was stupid and stubborn." <br /> <br /> 3. The acting was well considering the wreck of a script they had to work on. Toby was dark and meditating most of the movie, but when he smiled and lit up, he was charming. It's a shame he does not have more screen time like that. Kelly Preston's acting chops are well rusted and show. Lindsay Haun is talented and it's certainly not her fault that the writers made her character so unlikely in the beginning that you did not blame her father for not coming to her. Burt Reynolds and Tess Harper were able to make more of this film, but they still seemed more or less lost. (And, in fact, your characters get lost in this movie!) <br /> <br /> 4. If you're a fan of Toby, you'll love the songs. But often the film looked like a scene was forced so they could present one of their songs - or the artists on their label. For example, the film's official love song is "Crash Here Tonight". You would think we would play around a love scene suit, but no ... we heard about 45 seconds while he is going to a memorial service. It was like saying "well, we have to use this song somewhere." The song "Broken" is amazing and the best thing to get out of this movie. In summary ... a promising plot never develops completely and the film is terribly erratic as it tries to be a vehicle for the music and placement of Toby Keith's products for Ford Trucks. It will be about people rebuilding broken bridges to try to be about the power of music, but the story is told so badly that both points get lost in this overgrown music video. I like Toby and really wanted to like "Broken Bridges," but the people he counted on to make this movie disappoint him and deserve one of his famous boots, you know where.
