This 1970 TV production, starring Susannah York and George C. Scott, further proves how difficult it is to adopt "Jane Eyre" onscreen, and how much it can go wrong in doing so. It is true that the film suffered in the transfer to DVD - some scenes that were completed in the original were shortened and so poorly edited that there are marked continuity gaps and that even a crucial scene between Jane and Rochester begins in the middle of a sentence! But even if the editing was better, the movie would not be. The script is bad, the portrayal of the characters is false to the novel and almost all the actors are mischievous. As a consequence, one does not have the sensation of attending an adaptation of Charlotte Brontë's novel. The problem is not just that a number of scenes are shortened or left out - this is the case for all the short adaptations - but the remaining scenes do not capture the tone, mood, atmosphere, and concept of the novel. <br /> <br /> This Jane Eyre, for example, leaves Gateshead completely and begins with the arrival of Jane in Lowood. While this is perfectly correct, since some scenes must necessarily be left out, it is not understandable that instead of using the time gained (so to speak) and completely portraying Jane's friendship with Helen, Helen's influence on In her lecture on the Christian stoicism she teaches, the film focuses almost exclusively on Helen's physical mistreatment, which is carried to absurd extremes in this adaptation. What Helen has to suffer is already quite bad, as described in the novel, but here Miss. Scatchard is portrayed as a sort of sadistic prison, which deliberately wants to lead Helen to an untimely death. And that's all that happens in Lowood. If you compare this to the profound impact that Lowood's years had on Jane in the novel, it can only be said with regret that the film does not even touch the surface of that particular episode in Jane's life. And that's the problem in all this adaptation: it runs from scene to scene, often without transition, and nowhere comes close to the essence of the novel. The dialogues are a strange blend of invented lines and lines from the novel, very awkwardly mended, and the scenes between Jane and Rochester are so shortened that they both share only 5 minutes together on the screen before falling in love, and the small talk they contain contains nothing of the brilliance, intensity, and humor of the conversation between Rochester and Jane in the novel. But the screenwriter not only did the linguistic injustice of Brontë, but also managed to ruin his moral configuration with just one sentence. When Rochester and Jane go to see Rochester's wife after the wedding, Rochester says, "However, I once loved her (his wife) as I love you now." The whole moral concept of the novel depends on the fact that Rochester is actually an innocent victim of an amoral scheme and was imprisoned in marrying a crazy woman he never loved, and that his effort to pursue a true life partner is, if not sanctified by the law of God and man, yet understandable and forgiving! But this one sentence completely overturns Brontë's carefully constructed moral concept and turns Rochester into a dirty old man who wants a new wife because his old one no longer suits him. <br /> <br /> Of the mistakes. about the script for the mistakes in relation to the cast: Now I am by no means one of those who insist on the physical resemblance between an actor and the literary figure he portrays, but for no stretch of imagination it is possible to imagine beautiful, blonde, blue Susannah York, wide-eyed, as the simple heroine of the novel. Besides, Mrs. York was in her thirties when the movie was filmed and it seems. Interpreted by her, the young Jane, shy, reserved and inexperienced, becomes a perfectly balanced, graceful and mature woman, completely sure of herself and her deserts. I'm not saying that Susannah York does not play well and convincingly, but the woman she plays is not Jane Eyre from Brontë. To climb George C. Scott as Rochester must have been motivated by the desire to have a Rochester that seemed old enough to make the 18-year gap between Jane and Rochester be plausible. Scott appears to be about 50 years old, but acts in several scenes as if he were 70 years old. To commend the "maturity" of the main actors, all passion, desire and despair seem to have been deliberately wrenched away. of the script. The scene between Jane and Rochester after the wedding, the emotional climax of the novel, became a calm and rational conversation between two middle-aged people, at the end of which Rochester falls asleep. When Jane returns to him in the last scene, he is as mildly contented as a grandfather who has just been visited by his favorite granddaughter in his nursing home. The only character who exhibits an adequate amount of emotion is St. John, of all people. Ian Bannen plays him with such passion and his avid appeal for Jane's love is so touching that it gives the impression that Bannen was modeling his St. John on the Rochester of the novel. But although Bannen is good, his St. John is as far from the novel as Jane of York and Scott's Rochester. The only redeeming features of this very disappointing "Jane Eyre" are the locations and the score, and I would only recommend this production for those who want to watch and compare every "Jane Eyre" adaptation.
