I saw this movie at the Rotterdam Film Festival (January 2006) and followed the discussion between director and audience later. Many people reacted with shock and protest. It will have many negative critics. But the world is so cruel and not funny. People do not like that. This in itself does not mean that the film is bad. I can see that difference. Do not shoot the messenger that shows the world out of our hubble! However, I think this is a bad movie. Film-technically is a good one. Good photos and script, good music, great actors. The director pretends to make a psychological film - psychology, however, is of poor quality. To describe such powerful violence in itself is not art. Art would be a powerful description of the psychological process behind this violence. How does a shy boy come to such cruelty? The director pretends to describe it, but he is not good at it. The director used the word "selfishness" of people several times, mentioning, for example, the teacher. Only: this teacher was not selfish - just someone in various roles, caring for his students and concerned about the script. I think it's a simplification to call it selfish. The atmosphere in the village is scary, and the mother made terrible mistakes ("you terribly let me down"), but it does not become believable to me, that there is a lot of pain, that the shyest boy comes to these terrible things. In fact, reality is much more complex than the way, does this movie describe? and needs far better descriptions. The interesting thing would be: how does it work? Describe this process to me, so we can understand. <br /> <br /> With the sentence written at the end, the director said that pointed to an alternative way of life. It was the other extreme, and confirmed to me that the director and screenwriter are bad psychologists, promoting black / white thinking. The connection between violence in films and in society has been proven. Using such violence gives you the responsibility of using it correctly. There are enough black / white thinkers in the world, causing a lot of war and misery. I hope this film is not successful.
