Violence, real or not, always has an impact. In this movie, the violence is as rude as you could ask for. In Great Ecstacy, the director has successfully demonstrated the extremes of violence that people are capable of. But what was the purpose? The violence looks like a mix of Noë's "Irreversible" and Kubrick's "Mechanical Orange" ... both are notable films. Do not get me wrong, I do not object to the violence on the screen and I've seen some nasty things in my shooting years, but this film as a whole is totally youthful. History is never developed enough to offer any reason for extreme violence, the fine reason we are given to Robert's death is his introduction to drugs. Danny Dyer plays the character who is partly responsible for Robert's death, but he is on screen for less than 5 minutes. Lesley Manville is Robert unable to deal with his mother, not sure what any of these actors are doing in such a low caliber movie. The acting is wood, the scene in the kitchen with the TV cook and his wife, for example, is so painful to watch, if not more than the shocking end - who wrote these dialogues?! Some of the comments the boys make ... "they seem to like it" are so banal that they try to laugh if it were not for Clay's burning desire to bombard us with distressing images of mutilated female genitalia. Why we need to show such details, possibly even the director's teenage obsession with sadistic pornographic images ... we can only marvel at the psychology of this young man. <br /> <br /> The "political significance" of the film has repeatedly caught our attention because of the amount of scenes; in the bar outside the TV cooks' house, reports of the war in Iraq might be too obvious in my opinion. Yes, war is violent, social determinism causes frustration, we are all prone to horribly violent acts, whether you are in politics or on the street. E. Juxtaposing all these things as part of the same underlying question is to run away from the real question that is the meaning of violence in man. This question is one that we still can not understand and certainly not in this film. <br /> <br /> My opinion: derived, badly made and meaningless.
