I'm always afraid of not liking a movie. Look at it a month later and you may see it differently or dig it up after 50 years on a different continent and some cult followers will find something stylistically remarkable that went unnoticed at first. After watching the great Rapture of Robert Carmichael in his debut in the UK, it was no surprise to me that I found the Q & A session more interesting than the film itself. Shane Danielsen (artistic director of the Edinburgh International Film Festival), aided by the director and producer of the film, gave a spirited defense of a film than received a general negative response from the public. The audiences at the Edinburgh Festival are not easily shocked. Only one person left in disgust. The critics of the film included very articulate and constructive pieces of the lay public, as well as an actor and a woman who teaches film directors of M.A. This was not an excessively "shocking" film. There was an uninterrupted degree of sexual violence, but much less extreme than many films (most real gun contacts were obscured, as were excited genitals). The audience did not like it, because it had been two rather boring hours where performance standards were not high, where the plot was bad, predictable and protracted, and where they had been subjected to clumsy and pretentious movies in the movies. promise of a controversial film. The metaphors of the war in Iraq are artificial, over-emphasized, and sloppy (in addition to a general allusion to violence, any deeper meaning is not clear); and the "fig leaf" reference Marquis de Sade, as a member of the audience put it, seems a mere symbolic excuse for the lack of plot development towards the end. <br /> <br /> We have the story of a teenager who has a certain amount for him (he stands out in school for his musical ability), but uses drugs and walks with young people who have little or nothing to them and whose activities criminals extend to rape and violence. When pressed, Robert seems to have a lot of violence locked inside him. <br /> <br /> The film is not entirely without merit. The public is left to decide how Robert was like this: was it the influence of his peers? Why have all the good influences and concerns of parents and teachers failed to include him in a better approach to life? On the film plane, is there a carefully assembled scene in which he recoils (whether through much drug, shyness, a latent sense of morality or just waiting his turn?). Several of his friends are raping a woman in a back room, partly glimpsed and framed in the center of the screen. In the foreground, the DJ is more concerned that the girl's screams interrupt her happy house music than any thought for the woman. Ultimately, he's a little annoyed if his activities attract the attention of the police. The glaring juxtaposition of the pleasure of his headphones with music, even when he knows a rape is going on, scorns his total disdain in a deeply disturbing way. Robert has his back to us in the foreground. <br /> <br /> But the rest of the film, including its supposedly controversial climax involving considerable (if not overly realistic) sexual violence, is not up to that standard. Some people have had a strong reaction to this (the filmmakers' stated intention: "If they vomit we can produce a reaction"), but mostly - and as far as I can tell, Edinburgh's reaction seems to mirror the Cannes accounts - they feel: "Why have programmers subjected us to inferior movies?" Director Clay Hugh can speak, but he has not developed an artistic vision. His answers about holding a mirror to life to tell the truth about things that are swept under the rug, even his defense that there is little plot development because he did not want to make a standard Hollywood movie - all are good responses to criticism but unfortunately, they do not apply to your movie, more than holding a mirror while someone defecates, or wasting a movie while playing ineptly with symbols. Wanting to try to give him the benefit of any lingering doubt, I talked to him for a few minutes after the show, but I found him as unpleasant as his film and soon moved into the bar to wash my mouth with something more substantial. There are many truths. One aspect of art is to educate, another to entertain, another to inspire. I asked if he had any social or political agenda and he mentions Ken Loach (one of the many big names he takes in vain) without going so far as to admit any agenda. He then resorts to his mantra about his work being tell the truth. I get the feeling that this was an ambitious project for a new director, or an insincere attempt to get on the map courting the publicity of second-rate work. <br /> <br /> Andy Warhol could paint a paper can. soup and it was art. Clay Hugh would like to imitate the great directors who made controversial cinema and crossed borders. Unfortunately, his ability at the moment only extends to making high-sounding excuses for a movie in search of publicity.
