I'm not sure what dragged me to the movies to watch this movie, but a few minutes after I started, I wanted to leave the theater. For a while I hoped that at least the story would surprise me, but then I realized it is a waste of time, there was nothing there. I was just because I had another show after him. <br /> <br /> Design: Some designs were very beautiful, most of the environment, but the characters were terrible both in terms of animation and design. They look great while still - in billboards and screenshots, but not when they have to come to life! They simply did not work, mainly because the same mistake most 3D companies make: Technically, it's very difficult to create really natural 3D materials, which would make you feel that the character is alive. You need a lot of effort and knowledge (hence money) to create something that really looks like hair, skin, fabric, etc. These characters in the movie were made of "fabric", and it just did not work! Then they had this ugly and cold feeling of computer artificiality, where the tissue stretches or tightens like a piece of plastic. It simply did not have the feel of a material, of which the dolls are made (is what these characters intended to be). I think it was a big mistake to choose this style for the characters. It just had the feel of a 3D computer game. I do not want to go to the movies to have a computer game on my screen, I do not know about you ... <br /> <br /> The animation was also a disgrace. I'm a professional animator and I was terribly disappointed with the low level of animation in "9". It was hard, boring, had almost no imagination or humor. It was a bit above most 3D animations I've seen, and that does not add up any good ... <br /> <br /> And all that - bad character design and bad animation can be solved with a good story, right?! That was not the case here. In fact, the story was the worst thing in the movie. It was below any level. It starts straight, goes straight and ends the same. There is no twist, no surprise, no good dialogue, no development. We've heard and seen stories of machines surpassing humanity a thousand times and "9" is just one of them, and we know how it ends in the first minute of the movie. The characters do not even have time to get into the story - they're there, showing up almost immediately, and immediately some of them act without even knowing what's going on. It just did not work. There are also many repetitive action sequences, which seemed to have been made to fill the time of the lack of a story ... <br /> <br /> Acting, sound and script - oh my God, what can I do? Say, it was pathetic. A bad story has a bad script and except for dialogues like "No, do not do it!" "I will do!" "But ... you can not do this alone!" "We can do this together!" "But there are rules!" "But we have to save him!" etc etc and so on, and repeating itself all the time, then in addition to those terribly pathetic dialogues, there were those who did not stop "Ahh" and "Ohhh" and "Ehh", and "Oooh", and "Whatchout", and " Run "and" OhOhh! " who were following most of the characters' jumps, runs or falls and even sounded as if they were out of sync or even without rehearsal. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: bad acting, bad animation, bad sound, bad story, bad script, bad characters, all expected, no surprises, no twisting, nothing. Only a few good designs are not worth it. GREAT NO!
