I really can not believe Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov, two people I LOVE, have signed to produce such crap. Tim Burton is a brilliant director, but to be honest, I've been losing interest in him for some time, since his latest films were remakes or adaptations. He produced the brilliant "Nightmare Before Christmas," which I watched several times, and directed films like "Beetlejuice" and "Sleepy Hollow," which are amazing movies. Bekmambetov directed 3 films that I love: Night Watch, Day Watch and Wanted. I've only seen these three of him, but they prove he's an incredible director. <br /> <br /> These two people producing one of the many reasons I was excited to see 9. So today I went to see in the Theater. I was so excited to finally have seen it. I waited 7 months for the movie to come out. <br /> <br /> This movie is the first time I came out of a Tim Burton related film and said, "I did not like almost any of it." I felt heartbroken for feeling that way. I mean, with him and Bekmambetov at the helm of production, you would expect this film to be a good watch. Now I still can not get over how disappointed I was with this movie. I had not even heard of the original short before seeing it, but now, I can say with success that this movie should have remained a short film. Hell, Neil Blomkamp made a complete remake of Alive in Joburg titled District 9, what was so hard to hit around 9 ??? I really wanted to think that this movie was amazing. I really did. But no, it failed on many levels. <br /> <br /> The plot was extremely confusing and disjointed. I had no idea what was happening, much less what it was. Basically, it's about a bunch of doll robots trying to save the land. Okay, that's what I got. But the writing here is extremely poor. The whole movie jumps around like a 6-year-old child with ADD. telling a story. There is a huge, gigantic, monstrous robot that awakens, causing destruction and other things. This is the main villain. However, what else is wrong with this movie is that everything comes out of now. There were many robot monsters, most of which have no logical explanation behind them. They have development, whatever. I mean, that flying pterodactyl monster just starts out of nowhere, we have no idea where it comes from, and Acker just expects us to know what it is. What was even more retarded was that snake-like creature with hypnotic strobing eyes. I challenge you to give this description to someone out loud and hope they do not laugh. All three of the people I told about it burst out laughing. Oh and surrounds the victims and sews them inside her. I'M. DO NOT. KIDDING. <br /> <br /> The turnaround in the third act is the most retarded aspect of the whole movie. So basically 9 goes back to the room where he woke up, finds this box with a hologram of the scientist in it by 9, and he tells him that the great scary robot of the machine was designed to bring robotic life to Earth, but beings evil humans use him for war, and he should help protect the earth, but then the scientist gave his life to 9 so he could help protect the world with him. AND HE ONLY MENTIONS GIVING YOUR LIFE A 9. But what about the other robots? WHO OFFERED THEIR LIVES FOR THEM ???????? This is the perfect example of poor and hurried writing. There is only one thing that exists, so how did the other 8 come to life for them ??????? The characters are not nice either. They risk their lives for no reason at all. The only good character is 7. 6 bothered me with his "BACK TO FONT !!!!!!" 1 is an overwhelming idiot, 2 we do not know anything about, 5 kept bothering me with his "Are you sure ..." or "Can I stay here instead ...?" questions. And this end? UGH. I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks the finale was a great moment for WTF. <br /> <br /> There is nothing redeeming about this bullshit except for its beautiful animation. Everything looks realistic and beautiful, I love the gloomy and depressing look of it all. However, beauty can not save a good movie. <br /> <br /> Although it is true that this film is very beautiful, beautiful is so beautiful, and 9 does squat. I'm sure Burton fans will go to the theater to see this movie, no doubt actually with his and Bekmambetov names being released, people will be in the theater to watch this movie. I know I can be making a big deal out of nothing, but watching this movie made me realize how much I hate movies with nasty characters, non-existent plots and just plain style on content. And this movie is one of those movies.
