First of all, this movie is not a complete disaster. If you've never heard of the real story of Gram Parsons, then it may seem like a fun enough fun. Johnny Knoxville can not be criticized for his performance as Phil Kaufman - he is very good at appearing relaxed and down to earth and you can cheer for your everyman sufferer. Michael Shannon is credited for the same reasons except that he is a junkie. There are some good comedic individual scenes - the hippie-hearse that knocks on the door of the airport hangar stands out. But that's where good things end and we begin to see the aspects that make this movie so disappointing. The character of Robert Forster as the real father of Gram is such a shameful invention that it would hurt the whole movie. We all know that his real father committed suicide when he was young - something that could certainly be compared to Gram's life on the edge by a better filmmaker. To have Forster as his supposed true father, not his stepfather, would be bad enough if it were not for Gram's well-known difficulties with the man who actually flew to collect his body. It has been suggested that her stepfather admitted having provided alcohol to Gram's mother while she was dying and that this infuriated Gram when he later found out about it. In addition, the controversy over where Gram's body was buried would surely be reason enough not to invent an invented and benevolent father who actually reaches out to the duo and his hearse but then allows them to proceed with the burn. Whatever the truth about the man Gram was called Parsons, he certainly bears no resemblance to Forster's character, and it is difficult to understand why this paper was written. Then there's the addition of Christina Applegate as a greedy (though pretty much, of course) girl who wants Gram's body back so she can start profiting from her property. His character, and his acting are nonexistent, and he wonders why the director was not just for the whole hog and included a lesbo scene between her and the girl who plays Kaufman's girlfriend (it would not have greatly diminished the tone. When you think of the ingredients that could have been used in a good movie about Parsons, the shortcomings of that movie are easily apparent. Country music was changed by a young, educated gentleman from the south - who was also long-haired, drugged, popular with women, and ultimately self-destructive. Real events like the crash of the hangar door and the painted hearse and friends like Keith Richards. Instead of these things, we have to focus totally on Kaufman's entrance into Gram's life. Kaufman is obviously still learning the worship status he received for what he did (it's certainly a little cult). In the interviews, it is obvious that he is satisfied with the attention. Recall that this is the man who made an observation about the genitals of the naked body of Gram Parsons as he prepared to light it. What he did was not an act of great loyalty but a doped alcoholic escape. Looking at Knoxville and the interview director, some things are clear as well. It is obvious that they have no real notion of the history of Gram's life, nor do they wish to have. They want a hit movie about an event that is infamous and crazy. It was an incredible life with a strange ending. That the end is the only thing covered by this movie shows how limited the understanding of Gram Parsons the creators had.
