If you're a fan of the late Gram Parsons, this movie will definitely divide you! Part comedy, part road movie, but mostly a bad fiction from one of the strangest tales in rock history. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS-- <br/> <br/> Basically, the story is about a famous roadie named Phil. Kaufman (played by Johnny Knoxville) who "supposedly" made a pact with cult / country / folk music hero Gram Parsons who stated that one of them died first (no matter what) the other was alive. lead the deceased to the desert, Joshua Tree National Park in California to be exact, and set the body on fire ... so as to free the spirit and become one with the earth, and so on! Of course, to keep his word, the malicious Kaufman, with the help of a marijuana-clad comrade, kills the body of the late Parsons - who fatally suffered an overdose of drugs and alcohol the day before - from the airport. And right after that, what follows is a combination worthy of fiction and truth where the late Parsons 'girlfriend, Kaufman's girlfriend, Parsons' father, and a bunch of cops and other nonsense idiots try to beat the clock (so to speak ) in an attempt to catch Kaufman and his friend before they have a chance to burn the body of Parsons! <br /> <br /> The film's incompetent direction, poor performance and unconventional tone generally drown this movie faster than the Titanic. And not to mention the huge fact that this movie is not even half way telling the truth of the actual events that have occurred. The precisions that should have replaced the inaccuracies, as far as I heard them, include: number 1., Parsons was married at the time of his death and even had a child, so what the hell was all this with his girlfriend? and the chase and everything else?, number 2., Kaufman's junkie friend was a known volunteer participant (unlike what the movie tries to portray) in Parson's body layout, and finally number 3., the real-life father of Gram Parsons died when he was just a boy, and so was Parson's stepfather (who could honestly care less about Gram Parsons when he was still alive) in real life who looked after the body after it was set ablaze! Overall, what probably disturbs me most about this movie is that the real Phil Kaufman was actually on set to help assist with the facts of the story. And yet, the movie turned out to be so fake and so bad that it really confuses my mind, frankly! Also as the mediocre acting in the movie pertains to his main character, played by the ultra-infuriating Johnny Knoxville (Phil Kaufman), he is not only a bad actor, but in fact it seems that he was asleep during most of the movie, and the rest of the pathetic cast is mostly hysterical, brain dead, or seems totally indifferent to what they are actually doing there in the first place! Overall, if you like Johnny Knoxville and or really enjoy the so bad movies that they are not good friends then I suppose you can have fun with this movie! But if you're like me and are a fan of the late Gram Parsons, have fun with movies that try to tell the truth as much as they can, especially if they're based on a true story, and or if you like Good Movies, street or fictional stuff, you're really going to hate this movie and advise others to do the same. I obviously hated this movie and wished it had never been done in the first place but since it was done I would have preferred it to have been different than what it did, unfortunately! Maybe someday the real facts of the story will appear and be transformed into a great biopic about the whole life of Gram Parsons ... not just what happened to your body after your spirit left you. But until that time comes, we, as a public, or as fans of the last performer get this sad waste of film and a terrible memorial of the musical legacy that Gram Parsons was known to have left behind. . It should also be noted that they actually used the Parsons song, and a few others also in the movie, but it is not surprising that you never listen enough to actually have fun, even if it's a little bit. (Turkey-Zero Stars)
