From Q & A before and after, here's what I was able to put together: An Irish guy wants to make a movie. Nothing in particular, just any movie. So one night at a party, he hears some ex-roadie tell him a bit of classic rock n 'roll; that about how Gram Parsons 'corpse was stolen from LAX by his loyal roadie so he could honor Parsons' wishes that he be cremated in JoshuaTree. Wow!! <br /> <br /> What a great idea for a movie! Rock n 'Roll (well, country), serious steal, escapes, friendship, the 70's! I think we can get Johnny Knoxville from "Jackass" because it's kind of a joke, right, and Knoxville also wants to make "a movie". Why should he have thought he had the next "Snatch" in his hand! <br /> <br /> But this story is not really that exciting ... we need something for Knoxville to fight against. Like a psycho girl! But Parsons was married at the time. This is O.K., no one knows that. Also, we could get Christina Applegate. But what if the public does not like the idea of ​​stealing a corpse? Well, we're going to get his dad into the hunt, but give him permission at the end. But Parsons 'father killed himself when he was 10, in fact his status as an orphan and tragic childhood, are fundamental parts of Parsons' mythology. Mythology? We're doing "A Movie!" This is a creative solution to problems. <br /> <br /> It is an uncomfortable experience for anyone with knowledge or interest in the subject. The presence of Applegate is doubling the shocking. First her invented character is a Beverly Hills bitch before her time - she might as well have been through the whole movie a cell phone in her hand, and secondly, what kind of man would Parsons be if he would associate with that kind of harpy ? ? The facts are not just distorted or left out, but REVERSED. They could easily have found the villain they wanted in Parsons, STEPfather, who was trying to take the body back to its home state, where the law would favor it in splitting the considerable inheritance. <br /> <br /> And the music, oh the music that I love. The song is hacked (the bridge of a song here, the chorus from there), forced into the background and, at the end, horribly covered by the newest indie band Starsailor. My girlfriend asked the unnecessary, but irresistible, question after the movie - someone up there, the writer, the producers, the director, really Gram Parson fan? Well no. He had never heard of Gram Parsons, but of course, blah, blah, blah, I learned to love him, and here are some facts I read in an online biography. Another guy attested to Parsons' coolness when he and Keith Richards stumbled into acid together and wrote "Wild Horses" together, a bunch of mixed facts as off the base of the movie. Another person asked, would not it be morally questionable to rewrite the story when most people only knew about this with this movie? Well, he had the real roadie's permission (it was even set) and the Parsons property gave permission, and all those other people who got paid checks said it was great. <br /> <br /> But what I really wanted to know was, and asked in the embarassingly shaky voice of a truly passionate geek Parsons, was, if the film so cheaply made (a million), they did not consider the fan base Gram Parsons original as an audience? The director and writer seemed to think he was a character nothing without a fan base, though I doubt any reading from Mojo magazine, a 70s country-rock music fan would agree. But a lot of Brits did this, I think, and they just did not care about American cosmic music, or even knew it existed. This is not just a true Parsons movie, nor is it in the right mood - nor does it fit the legend. At the very least, he should have had the sentimentality of one of his songs. And many people would like to hear. I must mention that the film was well received from the bunch of stoned college boys on the slopes and Johnny Knoxville. But if you're a Parsons fan to ignore the title, it's just a movie for Jackass fans.
