"Raw Force" is like an ultra sloppy and perverted version of Love Boat, with additional Kung Fu fights, demented cannibalistic monks, white slave trade, energetic zombies and a lot of bad acting performances. No wonder this movie has been included in the recently released "Grindhouse Experience 20 movie box." It has everything the exploration fanatics are looking for, mixing in a totally incoherent and seemingly impromptu script! The production values ​​are extremely poor and the technical aspects are pathetic, but the amounts of gratuitous violence and sex can hardly be described. The movie opens in a sunny location tropically named Warriors Island, where a band of sarcastic monks resurrect the dead for no apparent reason other than turning them into Kung Fu fighters. The monks also buy sexy slaves from a Hitler-like business man, supposedly because women's flesh provides them with the powers necessary to augment their zombie army. Tourists on a cruise ship, among them three martial arts fighters, a female LA cop and a lot of ravishing, but stupid women, are attacked by Hitler's henchmen because they were planning a tour to Warriors Island. His lifeboat washes the island anyway, and the monks challenge the survivors to a fight test with their zombies. Okay, how does this sound like a midnight horror movie mess? It's not over yet, because "Raw Force" also has piranhas, wild boat orgies, Cameron Mitchell in yet another embarrassing major role and Duchess of 70's exploration Camille Keaton ("I spit on her grave") in an absolutely insignificant appearance. There is a lot of poorly performed blood, including ax slaughterings and beheadings, bad jokes and bad taste novels. The junk value of this movie will literally leave you speechless. The monks' evil past remains, of course, inexplicable and they do not even become punished for their questionable pastimes. Maybe that's why the movie stops with "To Be Continued," instead of "The End." The sequel never came, unless it's so obscure that IMDb does not even list it.
