Scarecrow is set in the small American town of Emerald Grove, where student Lester Dwervick (Tim Young) is considered the local nerd geek by teachers and colleagues. The poor boy suffers daily humiliation, intimidation, provocation and general esteem, destroying abuse at the hands of his peers. Unfortunately he does not find much support at home since his mother is a whore and then Lester annoys one of his guys, he chases him in a cornfield and strangles the poor kid. However, something magical happens (no, the movie does not become good suddenly), Lester's spirit is transferred to the scarecrow he uses as a body to take revenge on those who have tormented him and made his life a hell ... <co-written, co-produced and directed by Emmanuel Itier, who according to IMDb's credits list, also has a role in the film as someone named Mr. Duforq, although I do not remember any character of this name, I I suppose anyone who ends up looking at the pages of the IMDb for the Scarecrow is probably already aware that it is a terrible reputation and I have to say that it deserved a lot, since it is terrible. The screenplay by Itier, Bill Cunningham and Jason White uses the often told story of one of the losers of life who is caught and plagued for no good reason to get his revenge by supernatural means in a relatively straightforward horror film. We've seen this before, we've seen murderous scarecrows before, we saw faceless teenagers being killed one by one before, we saw one of the losers of life take revenge before, we saw wise guys who make jokes while they killed before and we saw the sheriff's incompetent little town make things even worse before. The only real question to be answered about the Scarecrow is whether it is fun to watch on a level-type teen dump slasher? The answer is a resounding not to be honest. The film has a terrible dialogue, a terrible dialogue, an inconsistent and predictable story, has some curious phrases like when the scarecrow kills someone with a shovel that he asks "can you dig?" And the so-called end of the twist, which is geared toward leaving things open for a sequel, is simply lame. The film moves at a reasonable pace, but it's not as exciting and the killings are forgettable. You know I'm still trying to figure out how someone can be stabbed and killed with a piece of corn ... Director Itier does not do a good job here, the bad death scenes are handled without any type of construction, which means that there is never any tension, since, within two seconds after the introduction of a character, they are eliminated. Also I'm not happy with the killer scarecrow guy doing all those back-flips and somersaults through the air in scenes that look like they belong to the Matrix (1999) or some Japanese kung-fu movie! To give him some credit the real scarecrow mask looks really good and he looks really cool but he is given little to do except spout bad one-liners and they spin around a bit. Do not you think being tied to a wooden stake in the middle of a corn, all day would have been annoying? I know he's a terrifying killer, but I still say he'd be bored just by hanging on a wooden stick all day! There is no nudity and blood is nothing to write, there is a decapitation, someone's face is burned, someone is killed with a piece of corn, someone picks up a shovel in the throat, some scythes are trapped in people's heads, someone has their heart plucked out and someone has a metal thing stuck in the back of the head that comes out of the mouth. With a supposed budget of about $ 250,000, it was apparently filmed in 8 days, well at least they did not waste time on unimportant things like story and character development. Technically this is very important, shoot and wait for the best things. If you look at the guy on the floor who just got his heart ripped out, you can clearly see him still breathing ... The acting sucks, the guy who played Lester's mother is wearing the stupidest wig and fake mustache because he played two roles in the film and the creators had to disguise it, but they ended up making him look ridiculous and would not let me start talking about his accent ... Scarecrow has some fun times himself Scarecrow is a good creation with good special effects of makeup, but as a whole the film is poorly done, misrepresented, silly, predictable and very tacky. If you want to see a great killer movie, check out Scarecrows (1988). Not to be confused with the film Gene Hackman & Al Pacino (1973) or the upcoming horror film Scarecrow (2008) that is currently in production. Scarecrow proved to be popular enough in home video to generate two more direct sequences for video sequences, Scarecrow Slayer (2003) and Scarecrow Gone Wild (2004).
