Let's be honest, shall we? Al Gore does not care more about the environment than most people worry about contacting fungi on their feet. It's a hook! Make no mistake, Al Gore is a POLITICIAN! Three years ago he was stuck in his home state doing 70 mph in a 55 mph zone driving NOT a hybrid, a Yugo, or even a GM Metro, but a LINCOLN (go google if you want to)! Or how about the fact that Gore and his Hollywood friends continue to use private jets that consume a lot of fuel to appear before the prime ministers of "An Inconvenient Truth." So much for conservation, Al? Either way, it takes only a minute to look subjectively at "An Inconvenient Truth" and discover the key fundamental flaw. While the film parades many seemingly impressive scientists to tell the public the EFFECTS of supposed "global warming," there is not a scientist to tell us the supposed cause of it. For example: I can take a hundred people to a parking lot and they can point to a car that is not working properly. BUT they can tell you with some degree of certainty WHY? Not usually! A second flaw, how accurate were the meteorological instruments 100 years ago (the toilet had not yet been invented)? What did they have, a June bug in a matchbox? Hell, up to 50-60 years ago? So how do we know with ANY degree of certainty that the planet is "heating up" when the records of the past are highly questionable at best? Or is that man the only cause of this? The answer is that we do not know and science is never a consensus. Thirty years ago, Time Magazine made a cover proclaiming a "New Ice Age." The truth is that any sixth year science teacher well versed in Earth Science will tell you that Volcanic Erruptions, Solar Activity and El Niños have more to do with our eradication of changes in weather conditions than the supposed "Global Warming." Finally, what Al Gore does not adequately address is; Even if America decides to follow the global gospel according to Al and implement everything it recommends, how will we make the rest of the world follow the example when we can not get them to agree on something as obvious as terrorism? Answer: It's a positive thought, Mr. Gore and you being a former US VP, you know! If the people who produced "An Inconvenient Truth" were really honest, they would have titled the movie "Al Gore Wants Attention". But what I really like is for someone to ask the former vice president that; Why are two of the world's biggest polluters (AKA, China and India) exempted from complying with the Kyoto agreements? Anyway, I've heard that A.I.T producers are working on their next movie titled "Gnomes, Fairies and Elves: Our Friends in Peril."
