An Inconvenient Truth is as simplistic and demagogic as the turbid spot created by rabid and idiotic Republicans, it snakes along intangible lines until it tries to return something to its face, that is, that we will all be dead in a few hundred years, already is indisputable, but who cares, humans are selfish, destructive creatures, I frankly do not waste my time worrying about human extinction. I'll call it "natural progression." Let the apocalypse begin, but in the meantime, we have to listen to the same shameless and biased politicians who propose another "new society", well, do not be fooled, we will all still be controlled by the rich, by those in power and by those idiots who created the catastrophes in the first place. Nothing is going to change. <br /> <br /> Al Gore, whose hypocrisy is quite evident in the film, as he is being driven in a gas car alone using a consumer computer, he also lives on huge acres of land. in a fairly large mansion, the land itself was used for destructive erosive purposes, including livestock, tobacco, swine (which responds by traces of methane gas) and who knows what else, its wealth is based on exploitation, greed and its investments include numerous companies in the world with debatable records. I hardly think this man is qualified to give a lecture to the less fortunate, but his prestige is based on his opposition to another ridiculous political party, that is all, however, it emits those same rancid features that make politics and politicians so terrifying. Is this bozo living the comfortable life and is still lecturing poor people in Africa on agriculture and cutting and burning techniques? He travels the world in first-class seats on jets of fuel waste, uses computers placed in the documentary, and yet he thinks everything is a "moral issue." He is totally absorbed in his own delusional nightmares, he says he came to these conclusions because of his sister's death (from tobacco-induced cancer and his son's near death by a car of all things). Has he fought tobacco companies or proposed that automobiles be banned because they are heavy and dangerous machines? DO NOT. Everything should serve the "economy", so why is it different, the answer is that it is not. <br /> <br /> His desperate and exhausted attempts at humanistic philosophy are disastrous, all while he is being filmed in the woods. or along a small river avoiding quotes from affirmation of obsolete life. Well, Mr. Gore, why do not you try to live like ordinary people? He is a politician, pure and simple, he has a career invested in the power structure. My question is: why does he not focus on the powerful industrial nations of the earth, which are to blame for most of the complications? He does not do this because it would be unwise for "investments, stocks and corporations." Al Gore gives monotonous lectures on the subject in the documentary, that is, to rich white people in the audience, who applaud at the suggestion, showing graphs, numbers and percentages, and speak in a sad tone, no one without a Harvard education (which the elites control) may make sense of it, but it tells us that everything is going to hell. No kidding, but I think he can not explain this problem precisely in the approach that capitalism has taken to the planet, that is, it is disposable and a garbage dump. He never mentions how industrialization created such problems, he just wants to put light dressings on them but not eradicate the whole oppressive system. It is obvious he was spoiled, sent to the elite schools, and has the same basic temperament for politics as any other stabbed and inconsistent idiot in Washington. Whoever made this propaganda, no different from what Republicans conceived, had only goals in mind that were driven by the capitalist impulse. In other words, someone is going to benefit, and it seems that the "green" politicians support venture capital companies that are buying up hordes of land in an attempt to develop the "utopian new future" with "new technologies." It's the same old story, Al Gore is a believer in the elitist structure, he really believes there is a "democracy" in the US that I find very naive. If we are not paying wages to oil companies, then we will pay them to wind and solar companies. <br /> <br /> I think the speech at the end quite rancid, in the mold of something GW. Bush would have leaked to the dumb masses, Gore talks about "people coming together to defeat communism" in the 1990s, which had to do with global warming, absolutely nothing, but he tries to get basic emotions chewing on people. With that being said, he did not understand that communism never existed in the world, systems in Europe and the USSR were merely a tyrannical form of authoritarianism and capitalism, no less unlike that which controls US interests. Social ecology has not even been mentioned here, which is really a scam. If you want to change the world then you should discard those old-fashioned systems that are based on greed, exploitation and violence.
