Well, maybe the PC version of this game has been awesome. Perhaps. I just finished playing the PS2 version and it's practically a complete mess. <br /> <br /> There are some elements that are good or promising. I'll mention the first ones because it will end quickly. First, the idea of ​​a historical game similar to GTA is great. The game Gun was a historical game of the type GTA and, unlike Mafia, Gun was excellent. I would love to see a game set during the mafia era done correctly. Then the plot is well written. The story makes sense, has dramatic arcs, uses an unusual device (with much of the game being a backstory) and is interesting. Finally, some of the graphics - especially those used during the scenes - are impressive. Mafia designers seemed to focus on getting the graphics where the GTA saved that effort, especially the characters. Unfortunately in many other areas, the graphics kind of stink, and I'd rather have excellent gameplay than impressive-looking characters. <br /> <br /> The gameplay is what sinks this title so low. First, the controls and the camera are absolutely bad. This has to be the first focus of any game developer. You can not release a game in which the controls and / or camera sucks. Number one, there is no reason why the character of the player, Tom, can not have all of his range of motion controlled by the left analogue. Unless it's absolutely necessary, and almost never is, I hate the set-up in which the left stick moves the character in a "strafing" way and the character can only rotate using the right analog. Here, it's not just unnecessary, it makes most of the simpler actions a challenge. For example, Tom needs to scale two missions. But the game is so badly designed that you have to frustrate both the right analog and the camera, and then press L1 every time you need to climb, or Tom will come down. <br /> <br /> Next, I've never seen a fighting system worse. The first problem is that you can not automatically aim or block any target. At a starting point, the game seems to say that you can use L2 or R2 to catch on targets, but this has never worked. So to focus on any enemy, you have to fight with the stupid analog right and try to keep adjusting the orientation of the character and the camera, which tends to deviate to the wrong angle or make Tom disappear all the time. By now you are probably being beaten or shot dead. <br /> <br /> Next, if you are touching or almost touching an enemy - and this will certainly be the case of hand-to-hand combat. or when using melee weapons, the fighting system - which consists mostly of touching or holding R1 - is completely useless. Enemies can beat you almost in a bear hug, but you just can not move unless you step back. The fight so close tends to consist of you pulling the left analogue, yelling at the character to move away, which will not happen in 50% of the time, then playing R1 as much as you can before the enemy approaches again and makes R1 useless . And if the enemy changes their angle to you in the meantime, you'll also struggle with the right analogue to put your character on the right track and put the camera in position so you can see anything. At this point, you'll probably be beaten or hit again, and your only option will be to try to move the character away again. My struggles were to get Tom to run circles around an area like a comedy movie, hoping I could buy enough time to struggle with the analogue and make some pictures before returning to AI's pomp again. So much for realistic fights. <br /> <br /> And the same problems and more exist when trying to fight with guns. If you're touching someone, half the time the controller will not allow you to fire a shot, they still can still fill you with holes. In addition, there is no automatic target, and the aiming system is ridiculously sensitive, even with the sensitivity set to zero in Options. Shootings tend to consist of you trying desperately to aim or move away while the enemy puts shooting after you shoot. Fortunately or not, the damage seems to be recorded almost at random. It can take from one to ten strokes or more to incapacitate any character, and there is no rhyme or reason for it. You can put five shots on the head of an enemy and get close to the blank border and they will still return fire and will hurt you. However, game makers seemed to care enough about realism rather than retreat into their targeting system, so after shooting with powerful weapons the target will float off the target and you will have to fight it again. As for the celebrated graphics, except for the characters and textures that you are close to, they are really very disappointing. The distance always seems almost empty, and there are often expanses of flat colors and textures nearby when you are driving. The city was not very well laid out. It is not varied enough, and there are not many interesting things to see or do. The cars seem slow and difficult to control. They also all drive on the same. Some mentioned the song, but that was pretty indescribable, too. Much better work could have been done in that direction. Also, as many others have mentioned, charging times are ridiculous and constant. They tend to last for more than a minute, and occur between and in the middle of everything - even races. <br /> <br /> Overall, the Mafia's door to the PS2 at least seems to have been very rushed. The game looks and works like an incomplete hack job.
