The acting in this movie smells bad. The plot makes very little sense, but from what I understand it's to be about this scientist who develops the ability to turn people's personal items into tiny steel balls that then fly into their mouths and turn them into zombies (or blow their heads, anyone). And the effects are also terrible. Most of the film consists of bad music, with actors dancing equally poorly for bad music, interspersed with several boring sex scenes. This should be one of the worst things ever done, but on the one hand. An element of shear sheen that makes "Nightmare Weekend" stand above all others. And that special quality is George's presence. <br /> <br /> George is the lovely interface device between the scientist's daughter, Jessica, and the home computer security system. With her green hair and nose, bald scalp and heart-shaped mouth, George is Jessica's guardian / confidant angel who asks her for advice on how to find guys in one of the most dramatic dialogues ever captured on the celluloid. With her monotonously synthesized voice, George tells Jessica that percentages of men prefer women in white dresses, and that hitchhiking is the third best way to meet boys after nightclubs and bars. Of course, little Jessica simply can not get away from trouble, causing George to run "Emergency Program Code: Protection Jessica," which results in the violent death of Jessica's would-be aggressor through one of the steel balls mentioned earlier. Kubrick was an idiot for thinking he could give a computer personality using close-ups of a red light. HAL should have been represented by our friend George in order to better translate the compassion for his eventual death. Does light and sound appear at the end of "Close Encounters"? Not bad, but how much better it would have been if the media with the aliens were George the Hand Puppet. Bishop, given, R2? kitchen appliances next to the Almighty George! He can only be in the movie for 8 minutes in 90, but do not be fooled. This show is about George. Even with this limited amount of screentime, George joins the ranks of movie characters such as Hollywood Montrose, Majai and Pappy from "New Moon Rising" as icons of American cinema. "George for Apache"? you are my hero.
