I give this movie 3 out of 10 because I watched zillions of movies and I can clearly say how it should be an intellectual movie with a message of mental provocation. Definitely, The Broken is not one of those movies. I have to admit that the movie made me think a lot trying to figure out what the whole thing was trying to do, and despite the explanations I read in the previous comments, they just seemed like an exaggeration just to have a self in the intellectual league of people. the photo on the cover clearly shows that Broken is the broken top of the face that normally contains the brain. It is a clear message that once this part of the body is broken, the rest will be deformed and lifeless. So you start to wait for the characters in the movie to show their flawed sides and this is not obvious in any of the scenes because the movie starts right away without any introduction to the characters and their lives before. Although we see the father holding a rifle when his sons try to surprise him as if he was aware that he has enemies, but still not a very strong clue. If the clues had been planted more in the film, someone would have said that it is a masterpiece indeed. But although the film was so slow in rhythm, it was at once so empty, without metaphorical scenes. And the meeting of the evil father with the evil Gena in the end is a strong refutatory evidence of the existential messages that some people have spoken in other comments. Also, if Gena actually lives in the apartment as her brother tells her in the end, then how is she the evil one? I bet I can defy any theory about this movie with so many questions that can only lead to one conclusion: this film is pretentious and a waste of time. Obviously, it shows someone trying to make a meaningless mystery something worthless. I'm a big fan of horror movies and especially horror movies that some people call popcorn movies. Horror movies should not convey deep messages! They must discover the beautiful mask of life and show you the other dark side that is the truest, I think. Horror movies must have blood, screams, intensity, skeletons, organs and body parts. Because this is the true horror and it is never far from reality. I've watched almost every horror movie and I can prove that every one of them can be as real as the sunrise. Nothing is unreal as long as the mind has thought. For example, the horror film "Train" with all the talent and tension and its almost similarity to "Hostel", talks about a very real thing that is selling body organs illegally for kidnapping people in foreign places where nobody would ask or would look for them. <br /> <br /> And even if we considered the movie Broken one that has an existential message, it is still very poorly presented and less scary. I prefer the addiction message presented in Requiem for a Dream, which went beyond drug addiction to highlight the fact that any kind of addiction, whether for sex, TV, safety / pampering, etc ... can be so destructive and scaring the hell out of me. And those who always criticize horror films for being nonsensical and very commercial are usually just people who are easily scared and just do not like that genre, but that does not mean there are fans of such films and they have a lot to offer to the spectator of adrenaline riots, ecstasy, leadership lessons (believe it or not!), entertainment for the most important face-to-face interview with the essence of life, as ugly and scary as it may sound, death!
