If the myth regarding broken mirrors was accurate, everyone involved in this production would now face about 170 years of bad luck, because there are many mirrors falling to small pieces here. If only the screenplay were as destructive as glass, "The Broken" would have been a brilliant film. Now, unfortunately, it's just a long, derivative and monotonous movie with just a few remarkable ideas and memorable sequences. Sean Ellis made a very stylish and elegantly photographed film, but the story is dull and the total absence of logic and explanation is really frustrating. I got into an argument with a friend about the basic concept and "meaning" of the movie. He thinks Ellis found inspiration in an ancient legend, claiming that identifying his doppelganger is an omen of how you're going to die. Interesting theory, but I'm not familiar with this legend and could not find anything on the Internet about it, either. Personally, I just think "The Broken" is another nth variation on the theme "Invasion of Body Thieves", but without alien interference. "The Broken" focuses on the American family McVey who lives in London, and particularly in Gina. When a mirror breaks spontaneously during a birthday party, this triggers a series of mysterious and seemingly supernatural events. Gina finds herself driving in a car and follows her image in the mirror to an apartment building. While driving home in a state of mental confusion, she causes a terrible car accident and ends up in the hospital. When dismissed, Gina feels that her whole environment is changing. She no longer recognizes her own boyfriend and strange fragments of the accident keep blinking in front of her eyes. Does she suffer from mental trauma invoked by the accident or is there really a supernatural conspiracy going on around her? Writer / director Sean Ellis definitely invokes feelings of curiosity and suspense in his screenplay, but unfortunately he can not properly design them. "The Broken" is a truly atmospheric and elegant endeavor, but only after half an hour of film, you come to the painful conclusion that it will remain a beautiful but empty package. There's a frustratingly high amount of "fake" suspense in this movie. That means raising the tension, through sinister music and the camera's mysterious angels, when nothing has happened so far. The moment true mysteriousness comes into play, these tricks no longer have any scary effect on you. Some of my fellow reviewers here compare the film and particularly Sean Ellis's style to the repertoires of David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick and even Alfred Hitchcock, but is that so? Too much honor. PS: What's with this alternative spelling? the one with the "Scandinavian"
