This film is a pure, distilled and unadulterated boredom. I did not know anything before entering the dark room, I sat down. I was seduced by the "mysterious and full of suspense" synopsis on the poster, I suppose. In addition, Lena Headey is cool and not conventionally sexy, and Richard Jenkins is always a dependable guy to have around, so the cast seemed reasonable. It may have been his name above the title that convinced me to go with it instead of anything else that was going on. I should have gone to see Valkyrie a second time. <br /> <br /> The fine plot revolves around Headley's Gina McVey, her boyfriend, her father, her sister, and her sister's husband who for some reason are being pursued. , in a very crazy and unenthusiastic way, by his evil doppelgangers who emerge from mirrors that mysteriously crush. There could be a big movie behind that idea (not exactly an original idea, mind you, but still ...) and, indeed, if the filmmakers had extorted the whole supporting cast and simply got stuck in the character's story of Headey, The Broken could have made a short time of 20 minutes. As it stands, it is desperately unmotivated, boring and terribly inconsistent. <br /> <br /> For example, in a scene, a mirror breaks itself into a room that houses all the main characters; they seem puzzled, but quickly forget it. In another scene, a mirror hits an empty room, and a doppelganger is visible as it "leaves" the shards left hanging on the wall. So why did the first mirror break, if there were no creeping creepers crawling out? Just for a little excitement? There are too many scenes of the characters in the dimly lit apartments of London, peering around the corners because they thought they heard something, but seeing nothing there and moving on. We begin to wonder why this evil doppelgang does not want to frighten them? Scare the characters and you have the chance to scare the audience. But we, the audience, need to start threatening each other in the darkness of the theater if we want to have any emotion during The Broken. By the way, since we spend time with these devils of evil, we are utterly perplexed to know why anyone should be afraid of them - they just stand around, with blank looks on their faces, perhaps totally harmless after killing others. There are some pleasant moods and touches, and I dare say that director Sean Ellis could create a genuinely elegant and suspenseful thriller if he were to hire an imaginative screenwriter next time.
