A few days after writing about how junk MAD COWS and THIS FILTHY EARTH get paid while Ange, Duncan and Theo are totally ignored, I had to watch another British movie * which made me scratch my head about why I received a single movie. cent Some people may claim that because DEAD BABIES is based on a highly regarded novel, it has a built-in market, but both THO FILTHY EARTH and MAD COWS were also adapted from novels and they were also an ordeal to sit <br /> < I read the plot synopsis where a group of high-class people goes to a remote mansion where they are haunted by a cult on the internet, but to be honest, this is not how the story unfolds and anyone expects Friday, market. The encounter with THE SHINING will be very disappointed, since 90-95% of the time of duration is spent with the said characters taking drugs and discussing sex. And what hateful characters they are too. None of them are pleasant anyway, and in a matter of minutes you will be nostalgic for Stalin, Mao and Pol Pot, hoping that the next time someone embarks on the communist regime, they succeed in creating an egalitarian utopia. Anything that signals the end of such senseless decadent bourgeoisie that the odious characters in this movie embark on can only be welcome <br /> <br /> Not content to give us a movie where the plot is winding and where the public does not Can connect with the characters, the director continues to ruin things even more, getting all smart and artistic. Undoubtedly this is to impress us, then we will kneel and cry "Oh my God, what a wonderful director the way he deceives us with his highly artistic technique and only a worthless person will fail to appreciate the talent given by a god man is ". I'm sure the vast majority of people or shouted "How come my projects were turned down, crap like this one not?" Or "WTF was the last half hour of this piece of crap all over?" You can defend the movie by saying that the original source novel was not applicable and that makes the film unacceptable. I will agree that this movie is unwatchable <br /> <br /> * I know the IMDb classes this as an American movie but the style and defects with DEAD BABIES is uniquely British. Americans may think they have the difficult things with Bush, but we have Tony Blair, not to mention DEAD BABIES, CRAZY COWS and THIS DIRTY LAND. No wonder everyone is ashamed to be British in the 21st century
