This movie can be used in film lessons on a course "How Not to Write a B Movie". There are inherent constrictions in a B movie: budgets are tight, time is precious (the Scarecrow was apparently filmed in 8 days) and the actors are often green and inexperienced. The only aspect about which you have total control is to write the best script possible within the limitations set before you. The scarecrow script seems to have been written in a drunken haze. I could go through about fifteen examples of the meaningless script of this movie, but I will mention only one: The Gravedigger. The gravedigger's character is introduced about an hour into the movie. He apparently has no connection to any of the other characters who are already in the movie. He is shown with his daughter, who also has no connection with anyone else in the film. The gravedigger is given some scenes to act grouchy and then is dead to fill the body count. Why give the Gravedigger a daughter? Why give the daughter a boyfriend? Why present them so late in the movie? Why not try to make them part of the ongoing plot? The scarecrow does not seem to care. The Scarecrow's "story" is something like this: Lester is a high school kid (played by an actor who I would call it's early 30's) who is chosen by the other kids. He is an artist who attracts birds and has a crush on a classmate named Judy. Your mother is a lush and bitch of the city. One of his disapproved boyfriends mocks his drawings (calling him "fagot" to draw birds instead of "monsters and cowboys." If you have a high school student still drawing cowboys, I think he's gayer than a student of high school who draws crows and later kills Lester in a cornfield under the scarecrow holder.Magically, Lester's soul enters the scarecrow.In some way, this transference changes Lester's soul from artist to that of a (I know some critics have called the Kung-Fu scarecrow scarecrow.) I disagree, the scarecrow practically does a whole routine before jumping into the truck during the movie's climax.) The scarecrow then continues to kill those who tormented him, those who smoke marijuana in the corn field, those who dig graves, boyfriends of daughter of gravediggers, practically anyone who appeared on the set. The bonus feature on the DVD should be mentioned The director (a Frenchman) makes an impromptu version of rap, admits that he likes not having executives on set to fuck his wife while he works and gives a quote to live (and I'm paraphrasing): "Life ez a whore, but et has a big butt "<br /> <br /> Number of beers I drank while watching this movie: 5 Does it help: No Number of beers needed to enjoy this movie: Whatever it takes to get drunk blackout level .
