In the last 20 years, most British films is about how misery has hit the UK and as our youth does not have a chance to have a good life while they live on the streets of British cities. The British film industry is obsessed with the idea of ​​"Briton Broken". Trainspotting, This is England, Kidulthood, Football Factory, Kes and From London to Brighton. <br /> <br /> Bullet Boy is just another British movie added to this list. The main character expresses a desire to go straight, but he still insists on walking with dead beats that carry guns and fight with gang members for nothing. I was never convinced that he wanted to go straight, because there was nothing to stop him from pursuing an education or a trade. In fact, it would have been a breath of fresh air if he had gone straight to it and we had a character that changed his life. Instead, he spends his time helping his friend trying to commit murder. I did not feel sympathy when he is predictably shot by another teenager at the end of the movie, which is sad because at the beginning of the movie I really enjoyed the whole family and their desire for success. I believe the creators missed a great chance to show the world that success belongs to those who are willing to really fight for it (like the Pursuit of Happiness). <br /> <br /> I know the purpose of this film was to try to paint a realistic picture of the lives of black teenagers living in working-class areas of Britain, but we do not have enough films in the UK. with that same plot? Is not it time for these talented producers and writers to give the British youth something to aspire to and show them that a better life is coming? <br /> <br /> I applaud the creators of Bullet Boy for not having loaded the whole movie with senseless violence in order to try to succeed through shock factors (such as Kidulthood, Football Factory), but at the same time this film offers nothing new to a long list of British films that are effectively dull and depressing to watch. There is no happy ending to this movie or any of the others I mentioned.
