It's a shame that almost anyone under 30 knows how to write "over the top" by Michael O'Donoghugh - magazine articles and SNL skit that were cool at the time ... and it's a shame that anyone seize the opportunity to search your work will undoubtedly take the easy way out and watch videos, taking them to MR MIKES MONDO VIDEO. <br /> <br /> This movie has clever elements that never fully connect to the funny bone. The viewer experiences such things as diving with cats and swimming with the man who thinks he has found feline feline by throwing those kittens into a pool that the camera follows in slow motion and mounting sequence. Then we are taken to an island where all the past idioms are removed (hula hops, pet rocks, rainbow dread wigs etc.). Then we entered the world of music (punk was a new variety of music at the time of this film) where "D" Rootboy Slim's performance rate bar performs "boogie until you throw up" in your own lazy style of eclectic sleaze and sleaze. Now the real beauty of it all is background music. In many different styles, with many different instruments, the TELSTAR sound plays and repeats - for those who do not understand, Telstar was the first American Satellite launched into space and the theme was created to celebrate man's genius and triumph. Mr. MIKES seems to have been conceived as a sign of social decadence of ridiculous rubbish. Now one thing the theater offered that the video release was not a live performance of Sid Vicious (former sex pistol not the fighter) singing MY WAY. His version is very different from Sinatras as you might imagine, but frankly I feel it's worth listening to ... it's good! That's the sad part - at the VHS release, Paul Anka refuses the rights to his music and the viewer is forced to experience 3 and a half minutes of silence with an explanation rolling over the image of the sung dead pistol. <br /> <br /> I would give the theater a 5 or 6, the video is closer to a 4 and now that so much is passé, I can see where many people would give a 3 or 2.5. If you want to see a good O'Donoghugh script, watch SCROOGED ... it's a better tribute to man's insight and talent.
