Well, I'm probably about to be criticized by everyone on this site, but The Good Earth is one of the most structured movies I've seen in a long time. We have a two-and-a-half hour movie that looks like three and a half because it has two movies in one. The first film tells the story of a family moving house because of drought and famine. They have to travel south to the cities to find food or work of some kind. Conveniently, they find a jewelry bag and at the same time find out that the drought is over. Yes, OK. With this knowledge they return home with their riches and all is well and wonderful again. <br /> <br /> Well, it takes about an hour and a half of film, and although it is incredibly lifeless by now, it has a nice bow. You would think this would be a fantastic place to end the movie. However, the movie continues for an entire hour. And in this remaining time, you need a simple story about a family that deals with the difficulties of the world and turns it into a satiating melodrama about betrayal and jealousy between lovers. Ah yes and old age, money is the root of all evil blah blah blah blah. Just because you know that making an epic movie does not mean that your story can continue unnecessarily for more than necessary. Also the main idea that I would like to gather about this movie is that the land is good for this family and keeps them together. So why did we spend an hour telling a story about a rich man falling in love with another woman, and why is the final moment of the movie dedicated to a woman with whom our main character did not care for most of the movie. <br /> <br /> Oh wait and the movie is not the only thing that is poorly written, the main character of the wife makes absolutely no sense. She complains a lot about how she was a slave and she never wants to have a slave and yadda yadda yadda. So, why, in fact, is she willing to sell her only daughter to slavery. Even though they are starving at the moment of the idea, it still does not make sense when, 20 minutes later, in the film, she complains of not wanting a slave again. <br /> <br /> There are other films from the thirties that we should pay attention to. The only thing this has for this is cinematography. The earth is thrown beautifully, oh, and the sequence with the locusts is quite impressive. Too bad they were in a movie that had nothing to say. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I know that at this point Hollywood was focused mainly on stars and they thought that a good actor can portray anything. For most of the film, Paul Muni portrays an Asian man to the best of his ability but once he reaches the halfway point where the film goes on for no reason he loses and only becomes regular old Italian Paul, they even cut the hair so he looks like Tony of Scarface (also a better movie than that). Of all the main characters in the movie I think maybe three are actually Asians, the rest are just Americans being silly. Oh, and Rainer please, it was a very cool presentation, no, if I could wring the Oscar from your hands, oh I would. <br /> <br /> The Good Earth is an epic waste of time. If you want something along this vain to watch on good night get The Grapes of Wrath, a movie that truly deserves all the praise it gets. Mainly because it was not written by a monkey.
