... because both are very bad. I think the best part of the movie is Faye Dunaway's terribly imperial image at the top of the stairs. She looks like she could easily get out of this photo, tear someone apart in blood and quietly re-enter the picture, as if nothing had happened. Now, you know that a movie is in trouble when part of the set's furniture manages to attract your attention. <br /> <br /> I admit that I paid $ 30 for the DVD just to see Faye Dunaway in a contemporary horror movie. I know what you're thinking - $ 30 in a black hole. And you would be absolutely correct. This movie sucks. There it is well outdoors. I was expecting some real scares, and I waited and waited and waited. None came. The raven (probably a crow in makeup) did not scare me, seeing little bits of internal organs that did not scare me, and even Faye did not scare me. I'm not that brave, I know, so it must be the movie itself that's the problem. Besides, Jennifer was not scared, either. Her internal organs were literally falling apart and she looked more irritated than anything. Her life has rapidly come to an end and she is worried about making more money. Honey, you can not take money where you're going !!! "I need money," she goes on to say, completely ignoring the fact that her lungs collapsed and stopped working. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, I spent the whole damn movie wondering what had happened to the grandmother (Faye). I suspected at first, Faye playing a grandmother and everything, and I was still suspicious in the end. There's another relative living in the house that Jennifer and Mary Ellen, the hell grandmother, are forced to share temporarily, and I believe she's from the same generation as the grandmother. Here's the weird part - the relative looks like she just endured her eight-hundred-year-old party. Mary Ellen looks like she just did a facelift from a renowned surgeon. Face lifts can not work miracles, but I think Faye's appearance is important to the plot of rice paper. SPOILER !!! It seems that the family is plagued by an illness that affects the bad acting ... sorry, my joke. Seriously, there is every disease that causes your organs to fail and eventually disintegrate. Hey, right? Curiously, Mary Ellen is still alive and all her organs are intact. How did she avoid the family curse? Something is happening to her, obviously. <br /> <br /> Another reason to mourn the loss of my thirty dollars - this movie features one of my usual movies. I mean the double ending. This movie ends twice. I absolutely hate it when this happens, and in this movie it seems that the director filmed the ending, did not like it, and forgot to remove it during editing. I think it should be scary, but it's only if you're a movie editor. <br /> <br /> There is a privilege to this disaster, and it is one of the reasons why I bought the DVD. The "filmmaker" commentary features Faye Dunaway, and I wanted to see how she acted when she had no lines to recite. Guess what - the movie sucked so badly that I could not sit down again. Drat.
