Jennifer Shadow is defined in Argentina and begins as Jennifer Cassi (Gina Philips) arrives there after her sister Johanna dies. Jennifer is left with Johanna's great house in her will, Jennifer decides to sell the house and return to Los Angeles, despite her grandmother Mary Ellen (Faye Dunaway) opposing the sale. However, strange things begin to happen, Jennifer begins to have nightmares about Ravens pecking at her and she begins to feel very bad. After a check-up at the hospital, it looks like one of his kidneys mysteriously disappeared, what's wrong with Jennifer? Is it an old family curse? Will Jennifer be the next to succumb ... <br /> <br /> This American co-production from Argentina was co-written and co-directed by Daniel de la Vega and Pablo Parés, and is a really tedious waste of ninety . odd minutes, a boring and predictable modern ghost story that I would imagine would put more people to sleep sooner than scare them. The script of Vega, Parés and P.J. Pettiette is very slow and tedious, which is not what anyone wants, I mean, I'm sure most people do not want to sit and get bored with the skulls. The characters are all uninteresting and relatively faceless, with little or no motivation for anything they do. For example, who is this guy from the graveyard? How did he know about the demons? What is your interest and motivation to get involved? I could not see. Jennifer herself is a very unpleasant and bland bridesmaid, her grandmother Mary Allen is as cliché as they come and it is surprising that she is so obviously the villain. I mean, for this kind of mystery-based horror / ghost story, it's surprisingly predictable and routine. There are gaps in logic and history that, coupled with the terrible twist that is not too distorted, I did not like Jennifer's Shadow at all. Directors Vega & Parés goes down a lot used route of bleaching almost any color of the image that often does not make it very far from black and white, I suspect they wanted to give it a Gothic feel, but this was done so many times before and often much better that did not do much for me and just makes the whole movie look dull and lifeless. There is a well defined 40-year period, from the costumes to the interior of the big house, but again, it's a bit of a middle-hearted, cheap-looking thing. Jennifer's shadow is well made, but it is quite forgettable, not scary or scary and is quite predictable. If that was not enough, there is no blood, there are some scenes of Ravens pecking people and a beating heart, but nothing more. With a supposed budget of about $ 1,000,000 and renamed to The Chronicles of the Raven for its US and international DVD release is reasonably well done, but a million will not buy you much today and Jennifer's Shadow pretty much proves that theory. There are too many scenes of actors' speeches in Argentine accents, too, although it's realistic, I really like to understand what people are saying. The acting is fine, although Dunaway far outweighs and is obviously there for the money. <br /> <br /> Jennifer's shadow is a ghost movie of trash that I thought was a total hole from start to finish, I'd rather watch The Incredibly Strange Creatures that stopped living and became zombies mixed !! (1964) again instead. A total waste of time.
