This is easily the most disappointing and least rewarding film of any so-called blacksploitation genre, which, by the way, are movies that usually enjoy a lot in our home. Rather than being "exploited" or humiliating, these films do provide an invaluable insight into an era. Well, not Bucktown. <br /> <br /> In this story, Duke returns to Bucktown to operate the nightclub left to him by his recently deceased brother. He quickly discovers that the city is totally controlled by a corrupt police force, bleeding protection money from all local businesses. Duke resists and determines that he will rescue the city from corrupt police. Unfortunately he does this by calling a group of friends (these people are vaguely explained as some former black militants who have worked with Duke in "jobs" in the past) and they simply kill the entire cold-blooded police department. And literally in the presence of hundreds of witnesses who do nothing to stop him. Ignorance is not a justification for the murder, and it would have been much more fun to see the Cracker Police suffer for their actions, rather than simply being hit in the street. While revenge is an omnipresent and generally satisfying theme in such films, it is far from seeing Pam Grier find the thugs who offended his family, curse them, give them a jiu-jitsu butt kick, and set his In the fire. This has art (and a reason to exist) and deserves a level of respect that is completely undeserved simply by shooting someone in the back. Of course, in this bizarre tale, she's playing a woman completely under Man's thumb, afraid of the Crackers who rule her town and oppress her people. In fact, his advice to Duke is: "Run, man, they'll kill you!" <br /> <br /> After the disgusting and gratuitous violence, we are expected to believe that the city's mayor sincerely condemns the actions of Duke and his friends, congratulating them and offering to do a parade in his honor, contrary to, say, calling the District Attorney to press charges of capital murder against them and bring them into custody. Duke's platoon declines the parade and instead chooses to fill the numerous vacancies in the police force created by his recent killing. They immediately prove to be even more corrupt than their predecessors of the Cracker Police (to quote the mayor: "They are ten times worse than we have had before!"). Now, Duke discovers that he must again rescue the citizens of Bucktown from corrupt cops and amputees for protection and, once again, make it safe for decent people to operate a prostitution business on the streets. Unfortunately, Duke has already lost all high morale and sympathy due to a hero, as he was a willing participant in the murder of the original police force. I would not have minded one way or another if he had rescued Bucktown or been clogged up at that time. I suppose we should have fun with Duke's clever way of being smarter than the new Police Goons, but in reality the movie has just become an opera of gratuitous violence, Duke kills all his old friends and cold-blooded allies with the same lack of compassion he had when he shot down the Cracker Police. Duke is a pig. <br /> <br /> Finally, when everyone in town, except Duke, Aretha, and local brothel employees are dead and bleeding on the street, our hero and heroine walk through the night as though they had some admirable qualities or redemptive values; they do not. Duke is just a killer killer and Aretha is his misogynist accomplice. If you are interested in this genre of film, I highly recommend that they see Coffy, Foxy Brown, Turner Truck, Blácula, Sheba Baby, but if in the process you have to come across that DVD, throw it away as you possibly can ! Release it like it's hot! It should be treated as if it were an incandescent puddle of nuclear waste! There is not a single movie in the entire Blacksploitation era that is not dramatically more fun, satisfying, and full of characters more sympathetic and admirable than this piece of slime, obviously written by and directed at some sophomores with hormonal imbalance .
