Night of the Comet begins when the world prepares for a unique event, the passage of a comet of more than 65 million years. Instead of watching the lights show Regina Belmont (Catherine Mary Stewart) decides to spend the night with film projectionist Larry Dupree (Michael Bowen) at his booth ... They wake up the next morning and when Larry tries to leave the cinema he is attacked and killed by a zombie, the same zombie attacks Regina, but she manages to escape, where she discovers that almost everyone on the planet has been transformed into red powder. Almost everyone, because by some incredible coincidence the only other person to survive is their sister Samantha (Kelli Maroney), they desperately seek out more survivors and meet a long-distance truck driver named Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran). Meanwhile, an evil bunch of scientists need human blood to develop a serum to prevent them from turning into dust and they are looking for unwitting donors ... Written and directed by Thom Eberhardt I I found Night of the Comet A very bad viewing experience, I'm amazed at the amount of positive comments on IMDb about this, because I thought it was a boring crap that never matched its potential. The screenplay starts at 100 miles per hour with the obliteration of the entire Earth population and a zombie attack, but then it gets nowhere and eventually introduces the sinister scientists who steal the blood by the end of the film. Run, of course. There are holes in the plot too, if these scientists want blood to shoot the three or four members of the gang and save the two sisters when the guys would have provided more blood for their experiments, killing them seemed a totally bizarre and almost suicidal thing. Considering that they need blood to develop a cure, this just does not make sense. I mean, if you're going to die and you need to try human blood, would you rather have five or six donors supplying blood or just two? I'm not having the fact that the two sisters survived independently of each other, I mean, what are the chances of that? When Hector confronts the female scientist for the first time, she never mentions Samantha or where she was or where the underground facility was where they took Regina before she committed suicide, so how did Hector know those things? I also found that after the first twenty minutes the movie slowed down to a snail's pace and became incredibly boring and monotonous to watch, after hearing so many good things about it. Night of the Comet appears to me as nothing more than a boring, overrated piece. And director Eberhardt does a good job, I liked the look of the movie with its red sky and it manages to create a really cool atmosphere of isolation. Unfortunately, there are many shots of empty streets, there is a constant assemblage of empty streets, deserted roads and abandoned buildings, which become extremely repetitive and annoying. OK, we understand there's no one else, so there's no need to keep hitting our throats constantly by showing roads without cars on them. The zombies are totally wasted, there are two zombie attacks throughout the film and they are two individual zombies, although there are some effective nightmare scenes. Night of the Comet honors, or rips whatever you prefer, several other much better movies, including the mandatory end of the shopping spree at a mall raised in Dawn of the Dead (1978). Forget any blood or blood, for there is none. Technically Night of the Comet is very good, the special effects are decent enough and the production team was obviously very good at closing the streets. The performance was long awaited for Maroney as Samantha, the blonde who became highly annoying. <br /> <br /> Comet's night was a big disappointment to me, I expected so much more. Persoanlly I found this dull, boring, monotonous movie & the induction sequence puke where the sisters go shopping to the sound of 'Girls Just Want to Have Fun' is probably the worst moment of the movie. Too bad and I just do not understand why so many people, I'm sure I'll be shot for saying so, so let the abuse begin, I can take it ...
