I think a round of applause is for the one who put together the trailer for Rogue Pictures' latest release, 'The Return'. I, along with everyone else, was led to believe that, in fact, it is a horror film. On the contrary, it's a supernatural thriller. Too bad, it's not at all exciting. <br /> <br /> "The Return" stars Sarah Michelle Gellar as Joanna Mills, a young woman who has had personal problems since she was eleven. It was at this age that she began to have astounding visions depicting the murder of a woman she had never met. While in Texas, on a business trip, she is taken by these visions to the hometown of the murdered woman, La Salle. There she encounters another person who often appears in her visions. A man by the name of Terry Stahl, played by Peter O'Brien. Joanna is now on a desperate search for answers. A quest that could result in his own murder. <br /> <br /> I really do not know where to start here folks. What should I mention first? The atrocious performance, the horrible direction or the terribly dull story? No matter which one I choose, my point behind each one is the same: they just suck. Adam Sussman's script is absolutely stupid. It's not interesting. It is not convincing. It's just unpleasant. I've been waiting for something to leverage the "movie" (I've put quotes around the movie because I do not believe "The Return" deserves to be called a real movie because of its lack of shame) and at least give it a small chance of hope, but nothing happened. I stood outside in an unbearable cold to freeze. Not even the stellar performances of the actors themselves could have saved that disaster. Of course they probably knew this after reading the script and agreeing to do the "movie". I assume that's why the acting was so horrible. At least that's what I'm choosing to believe. I really hope the cast is not proud of their performances. They need immediate medical attention if they do. <br /> <br /> Now the direction was unmistakably bad, but I can not completely crucify Asif Kapadia. (Well, I could, but I have not been since I'm such a cool guy.) I look at 'The Return' as a test for Kapadia because for all of you who do not know, this is your first full-length feature film " He's just putting his foot in the door and still learning.So next time, well, if there is a next time, I hope he has improved a lot.The only thing he was able to accomplish was almost to completely duplicate the visual style of the 2003 version by Marcus Nispel of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre." Now that's cool, the "movie" has been given, but unfortunately he's not going to get any praise from me for that, copying someone else's work is not something I deem to be commendable. (Even if it's from a movie that I really liked). <br /> <br /> I think the American version of Jim 'Sonzero' from 'Pulse' will now have to go over the title of Worst Movie of the Year for ' The return. "Undoubtedly, it deserves the title in almost every conceivable way. to I do not doubt that this will make a small profit, and I mean very small. No matter what happens, it will not even parallel the success of Gellar's previous effort, 'The Grudge'. On the same note, there is one last thing I would add. I can honestly say that I was never ashamed to have been seen leaving a theater auditorium until I saw "The Return". This is something I would never want to try again, along with the "movie" itself.
