A hard-to-find movie that draws on Senator Joe McCarthy's still widespread mythology as a political demon. Boyle (as Joe) makes a compelling but historically inaccurate portrait of the Wisconsin Senator, the caricature many McCarthy take as the real one. Meredith, like the crafty Army lawyer Joseph Welch, who deceived McCarthy at the Army hearings in 1954, is as good as ever. <br /> <br /> In fact, McCarthy and Cohn were well worried about the terrible security situation. in the Army, and the 1954 Army hearings were entangled in the smoke curtain used by the Army to divert the investigation into its security flaws, which the committee was investigating, accusing McCarthy and Cohn of trying to get favors from his employee, David Schine, while on duty. The film is self-generated controversy, based on widespread myths that have gone through the truth with many people for decades - that the "red scare" was essentially false and McCarthy, HUAC etc were always shooting at the wrong targets, being no more than lying, career ruining advertising dogs, they were trampling the constitutional rights of frightened innocent liberals, who were accused of being security risks / with People who know little about the subject still feel confident in repeating the misinformation about McCarthy and the "red scare" to this day - Clooney's hagiography of Clooney is an example. Misinformation is widespread, no wonder people have swallowed it. A recent obit of Budd Schulberg in the left-wing British newspaper The Guardian said the Hollywood writer "named names" for "McCarthy" - perpetuating the lie that McCarthy "investigated" Hollywood as head of the HUAC - the truth is. that McCarthy was never a member of the HUAC and he had little interest in Hollywood-type politics - his investigations were confined almost exclusively to US government weapons. The mythology about the "red scare" being unfounded is now completely blown up by newly opened documents of the Soviet and US government, at least McCarthy and co underestimated the huge scale of infiltration of Soviets and comrades of but decades of public misinformation about this period will be difficult to rectify. <br /> <br /> One day, maybe some really brave Hollywood soul make a movie telling the truth about how many American men and women clandestinely helped mass murderer Stalin, and worked to enforce his vicious system of rulers. in the Western world, giving a precise explanation, perhaps of Joe McCarthy's career, but I will not hold my breath. Until then, we have this mythical, drunk liar liar of the popular imagination so familiar in the media .... "Tail gunner Joe".
