Not only does the author of the film, Steven Greenstreet, obviously idolize Michael Moore, but he also follows in his footsteps by using Moore's various propaganda tactics. Moore has experience in distracting the viewer from this focus though, while Greenstreet is obviously less skilled here. Having been privy to all the issues surrounding Moore's speech at the UVSC, I was disappointed to see that the community's biggest complaints - that Moore was being paid $ 40,000 from the Utah State Educational Fund to basically promote the John Kerry and to publicize his own liberal film - were pushed into the background by Greenstreet, while minor issues were hyped. The marketing methods for this video were equally biased and questionable ... promoting the film, claiming that "Mormon tried to kill Moore." This is not only absurd, but slanders an important religion with which Greenstreet obviously has some personal problems. I followed Moore's visit closely, and all the major news agencies noticed that Moore's visit came and went with no problem or credible security incident in Utah. <br /> <br /> Greenstreet bet on the movie to boost his career. film career to the point where he has dropped out of film school to help speed it up. This seems to have been a serious miscalculation, however, since Moore's visits to some 60 other colleges and universities across the country in 2004 have diluted interest in this rather common event. Greenstreet's assumption that the American public would be interested in this film because of the promoted religious and conservative angles does not seem to be well-founded. <br /> <br /> Even the name of the movie, This Divided State, is a bit of an improper name since Utah voted overwhelmingly for Bush's reelection and therefore appears to be more politically unified than any other state. The division in the title of the film seems more indicative of the abyss that exists in the ideological differences of Greenstreet with its religion and State. If anything, I find a humorous correlation between the religious angle of this supposed documentary and Woody Allen's hysterical restraint in Sleeper (1973) that "I was beaten by the Quakers."
