In all my years of filming, I only went out once in a movie, and that was the terrible "Stay Tuned." Fortunately, the movie refunded the ticket and I went to see "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (a small improvement). This movie is "Gone With the Wind" compared to "Dick," a comedy so dull that it almost became the second movie I've ever seen. "Dick" was so dull that it was even impossible to laugh at it, let alone laugh at it. <br /> <br /> Granted, paying to see a movie with a title like "Dick" suggests that it will be filled with inane "dick" jokes and end up with a huge disappointment, and yet I had high hopes because of the notable cast (Daniel Hedaya, Bruce McCullough, Dave Foley, Kristen Dunst, etc., etc.) and a premise that at least promised something fresh. What the film did was, as advertised, four lamentably predictable dick jokes, comic timing suffering from jetlag, and a premise that got thinner after the first five minutes. In short, it was the Watergate scene of "Forrest Gump" stretched - not, placed in a rack and mutilated - over 90 excruciating minutes. <br /> <br /> As soon as you realize that the two main characters - airy, insipid little screams who gag and roll the eyeballs incessantly - take part in all of Watergate's great events, you begin to mentally check the plot to As it progresses: 18 minutes and a half erased from the Nixon tapes, CHECK; the Deep Throat meetings with Woodward and Bernstein, CHECK; John Dean receiving a change of heart and witnessing, CHECK. The process drags on more languidly and is as engaging as the real Watergate case, with as much laughter as it gets. And despite being a fun re-deconstruction of the events leading up to President Nixon's resignation, it turns into a comedy of "why the numbers, choose your own adventure, fill in the blanks" that says very little and entertains less. <br /> <br /> Even the strong point of the film - the aforementioned cast - is disconcertingly unproductive here. The most disappointing of all is Harry Shearer as G. Gordon Liddy. Trapped as he stands behind the thick Liddy mustache and straitjacket in this dark and gloomy script, Shearer mumbles a few lines, tries desperately to look behind the prosthetic nose and eyebrows, then disappears. Dave Foley, one of the comic mentors of Kids in the Hall (two others, Bruce McCullough and Mark McKinney also appear in this movie - ah, the blessings of nepotism) also goes awry. His H. R. Haldeman occasionally lends a much lighter need for the funeral plot, but the funniest thing about it is the buzz cut he boasts - perhaps the funniest movies of all. And then there's Daniel Hedaya as Richard Nixon - oops, I mean "Dick." (Ha ha as funny fun.) He manages to play a solid Nixon, avoiding the pitfalls (such as exaggeration of makeup, rubber nose and false teeth to Anthony Hopkins), preserving the essence (the vacillations between human tenderness and rudeness). I seem to be forgetting someone. . . oh yeah, the two stars in the movie, those super-bubbly teenagers. I can not remember their names, maybe because I repressed their performances. Nothing could be further from the funny; nothing could be more painful than having to put up with his delivery that included the range of "hyperactive" and "super hyperactive" with an occasional "pouty" cast. <br /> <br /> This movie seemed like a bad excuse to bind a 1970s soundtrack and parade scandalous clothes of the period, which seem to be the norm nowadays for movies and TV shows in "Me Decade." But the clothes and the music end up replacing the real characterization and plot, a sort of extra-shorthand shorthand that producers hope to compensate for the anemic writing. <br /> <br /> The only possible use for this movie years ago when one of his talented talents appears in David Letterman or Conan O'Brien. This terrible cinematic eccentricity will be drawn to embarrass and hopefully humiliate the guest actress. The sad thing is that the real thugs in all this - the writers and producers - will be far from the cameras' gaze, possibly preparing another such disaster. <br /> <br />
