When I first saw the preview of this movie, I could not wait to see it. The plot looked good and the scenery was great. I mean, a horror movie that happens on prom night, great idea !! And the plot: a high school teacher who becomes sexually obsessed with one of his students, goes crazy, is arrested and flees three years later on the night of the ball! The prom night, one night that should be happy and memorable, turns into hell! However, I saw and was extremely disappointed. It was not just the worst "horror movie" I've ever seen, but it was one of the worst movies I've ever seen! First of all, it was neither scary. There was not a moment in that movie when I jumped from my seat. Besides, the murder scenes were so cheesy and bland. All that the criminal did was stick his victims in the stomach several times or cut their throats. Also there was absolutely no blood (its rated PG-13). The scene with more blood was probably the one where the killer kills the black girl. He cuts off his throat and blood splatters on the sheets hanging around them (they do not show him cutting off his throat). <br /> <br /> Next, you see the killers staring the first time he is introduced in the movie. . It is not mysterious, scary or scary. He's just this guy who kills people. <br /> <br /> In addition, everything in the movie was so cliché. An example is when, in the end, the killer is about to kill the main character and at the last moment, the detective shoots and kills him. Also, every thing in this movie was so predictable. The victim, after seeing the guy with a knife, rushes to his life, hides himself, thinks that she runs away, and then the killer simply leaves and kills her. <br /> <br /> Finally, the sequel to the movie was extremely bad. The guy walks into the hotel, kills some people, bodies are discovered, someone pulls out the fire alarm, and everyone evacuates. The main character forgets something in his room, has a meeting with the killer, runs and escapes. That's it! She and her boyfriend go home, terror kills the guards who patrol the house, meets the girl and then is killed by the detective. The sequel to the movie was so stupid and cliché. <br /> <br /> If you are thinking of watching this movie because the preview looked good, trust me, do not waste time or money. No wonder this movie was being shown in the smallest movie theater. My friend and I, along with those two girls sitting behind, were the only ones in the theater. That should have told me something about the movie beforehand.
