The Little Mermaid is one of my favorite Disney movies. I am sorry to say, however, that Disney messed up completely when they made this sequel. I admit you have some good points for that. The songs are not bad and the animation is clean and clear. There's a bit of humor, I'm sure - I do not remember, because after watching it I immediately forbade it to appear before my eyes again. The worst point of this movie is the plot. In this movie, Ariel becomes his father. It prohibits the daughter from going near the sea (yes, out of fear) just as she was forbidden to get close to the land. I personally think, given her past, Ariel would keep some of her stubborn ways and would not treat her daughter as she herself was treated. <br /> <br /> In addition to this fact, Ursula was replaced by a non-scary, pathetic. kind of sea witch (the forgotten, malnourished sister) that is more comical than scary. She also has a bit of underdog to make her offer - but she is no more frightening or worse than Ursula. Ursula pampered us with her credibility for evil. This sea witch is a joke. To make matters worse, Flounder is a fat, deep-voiced father (no longer the fluffy guppy we all know and love) and Eric's voice is not even an actor (something he always annoys me in a remake / sequel). (The difference in his voice was very obvious to me, by the way!) I felt that the only reason this movie was made was for Disney to get a few dollars, something I hate to think of a corporation I really like . I felt that this plot had no imagination. I know this act (child following in the footsteps of a parent) happens, but Ariel was different. That's what we love so much about her. She had a dream, she fell in love, and she made that dream come true. Until she appeared in this movie, that's it. Then she became like the other adults. This is not the Ariel I know. And I do not like her. <br /> <br /> I know of some children who liked this movie, and I know some adults who did not care either. But for me, and for all of you who have the greatest love for Ariel, please do not watch this movie. The Ariel we know dies inside, resurrected only by a song or two and a final scene that is not really bad (where she accepts the water back) - although she has very little role in the end regardless.
