I loved the first Little Mermaid. I know the songs, I love the characters and I love the story. I can not say anything about Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea. It was terrible. Let's start with the story. The plot was an inverted copy of the first film. Same situations, except the other way around! Ariel wanted to live on land, her daughter Melody (creative name) wants to live in the sea. Ariel was cheated by Ursula, Melody is fooled by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Did Ursula have a sister? I'm not sure where that came from. In addition to being a weird copy of the first movie, this movie plot seemed tired and uninteresting compared to the first movie. Now the characters: 1. Ariel- What happened to her ?? !! No longer the stubborn and stubborn teenager we all knew and loved in the first film, she now "grew up" and her personality went down the drain. Her voice was not so strong, because Jodi Benson was much older, or the songs were so terrible that her talent was wasted. 2. Prince Eric - Although he did not have a lot of personality in the first film, like all Disney princesses, somehow his new voice and few lines made him even more robotic. On top of that, he simply can not defend himself, and Ariel becomes the harder of the two. 3. Sebastian - Say goodbye to the adorable crustacean from the first movie, because a weeping, aggravating crab has just taken its place. He also did not have good songs in this movie. You can almost forget the glory he has gained from singing the incredible "Under the Sea" and "Kiss the Girl" from the first movie, and it's very sad. 4. Flounder- They destroyed it !! He is not handsome, his voice is terrible, and he has children now? Who is the mother ??? 5. Morgana She seems to be Ursula's sister for revenge against her mother, who has always chosen Ursula over her. So she plans to have King Triton's trident become the new ruler of the sea. Sound familiar? Anyway, she's a very cliché villain and falls short of the greatness of Ursula as a villain. She epically fails in witchcraft, is not very harsh and is not threatening. 6.Melody- daughter of Ariel and Eric. An ironic name because she, unlike Ariel, can not sing. Her voice is annoying, her friends (a walrus and a penguin? Really?!) Are not funny or amiable, and she is exactly like Ariel, unlike and not so kind. Skip this one. Do not watch any sequels from Disney, except for Lion King 2. This movie topped the classic that lives on in all our pleasant memories. I'll look back on this movie and just laugh.
