Okay, as a Disney fan for a long time, I really have Disney sequels straight to the video. Walt HIMSELF did not believe them. He believed in "And they lived HAPPY EVER", being the end of it all. But this one ... REALLY pointed to the cue. There were so many ripoffs from other Disney movies, it was not funny. Quick overview, if you still do not know ...: Melody, the daughter of Ariel and Prince Eric, is born. Ursula's sister, Morganna (who basically looks like Ursula, if she were to dye herself green and follow Ally Macbeal's hunger diet) appears and, after trying to make the newborn and failing, prophesies the fate of the characters . After this ordeal, Ariel enters into a lapse of being like her father, and refuses to tell Melody about her mermaid heritage, and later forbids her from getting close to the sea. Well surprised surprise. Melody discovers, being the stubborn brat she is, and runs away, then makes a deal with Morgana to become a mermaid, in exchange for something. (Gee, does this sound familiar?) She becomes one, but in her half of the bargain, she has to retrieve her grandfather's trident and bring him back to the sea witch. While doing this, she comes across a couple of exiled animals, a penguin and a walrus named Timon and Pumb - huh? Wait, no! It's not Timon and Pumba! or is it? You could fool me. Anyway, I'd like to reveal more, but pretty much anything that could be guessed happens. Okay so ... long story short. This movie "borrows" too much from other (better) Disney movies ... and does it horribly. Come on ... Tip and dash? Why not make the Dash obscenely flatulent and make it even more obvious? Ugh Not to mention the total hoarding of character of Ariel's person. She went from a willful and willful woman to a clone of her father. Nothing good at all ... they basically tell us the sweet and ardent little mermaid we know to grow up and that love is dead. Also, Melody is not a good character either ... she's boring! And spoiled! Not to mention what they did to Flounder. Ugh ... anyway, if you decide to see this piece of reasons created primarily by profit, non-imagination commissioner sponsored by Eisner, I suggest maybe wait until he's on the Disney channel or some other television station. Because, nor is it worth the price of a rent. <br /> <br /> * out of stars *****.
