I suppose it was for Temple Matthews who wrote basically a remake, although there are few changes that only make the situation worse. SPOILERS: It's very similar to the original. Melody, Ariel's new daughter is threatened by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Morgana escapes but keeps her promise to take Melody out of them. Did Ursula have a sister? And she's not as big a villain as Ursula was. This is where there is resemblance. Medoly is kept away from the sea until Morgan is captured, but she knows nothing about it, because it all happened when she was a baby. A wall surrounds the palace to keep it in and morgana outside. She goes to the wall day by day to swim and talk to Sebastian, who is not as funny or fun as in the original. She finds a shell with her name and runs away from home and looks for answers and finds Morgana. Here is a resemblance; Morgana cheats Melody, making her happy becoming a mermaid here. Meanwhile, Eric, Melody and King Triton look for her. To be a mermaid, she must steal Triton's trident. So Melody does, because she does not know that King Triton is her father. She befriends a penguin and a walrus and here's where it's horrible. The penguins who live with them in an icy ocean hate them because they are cowards. So they try to prove they are heroes and fail. That does not fit the little mermaid. And the dialogue during these conversations between the penguins and these two characters is bleeding in the ear. you know why? Because the first one had a great story. This is not and is not magical. It's just an example of how many sequences are bad. <br /> <br /> Melody finds them and they help take her to Atlantica to prove themselves. When they get the trident, Ariel finds Melody with Morgan. Melody is angry at her mother for keeping her away from the sea, so she gives the trident to Morgana, so she shows her true colors as soon as she catches her. Poor Ariel and Melody are in your custody. The penguin and the walrus begin to prove themselves when they fight against Morgan's shark friend. Sorry, I did not mention it earlier. They finally prove themselves. Eric, King Triton and his soldiers arrive, but are forced to bow before Morgaine by the power of the trident. Melody picks up, throws at Triton and he bites Morgana (literally). So Ariel apologizes to Melody and thinks it's all her fault. Was not! Ariel did the right thing to protect Melody, but they never say that. Triton offers Melody to live in the sea or land. It does indeed have a "better idea". She uses the trident to vaporize the wall so humans and merfolk can get together. So everybody sings a horrible song. The end. <br /> <br /> Those who saw and liked obviously did not see the original. I do not regret this because I'm a teenager. I liked it when I was very small. Then, as I got older, I started to see what's bad about that movie. young children and young people will like it, but it is likely that when they are in primary school they will forget that. Usually I'd think I thought it was an excess movie and it was better than I remember when I watched it again, but not that one. It's even worse. History is no exception. If you thought, reading this story is good, read more of this comment and you'll know the other negatives: Well, you know the story now. I'm sorry for messing it up for you, but I had to point out some bad bits of it. One of the worst things is the animation. The color is horrible. The original had a beautiful color. Watching this almost made me want to go blind. Even the illustrations and landscape design were not good. The original had beautiful and magical colors, a beautiful underwater landscape design and also earth, making it a joy to watch. <br /> <br /> The music is unbearable. Compared to the first one, the music here sucks. Songs are not so well composed and Tara Strong (I think it's her name) that Melody can not sing. She sometimes sang too loud or did not accompany the melody of the song. So much for having "Melody" as a name. And the music is nothing beautiful or moving. Little Mermaid 1 won an Oscar for it and really deserved it. This deserved a razzie award for the worst musical track in a string, if it existed. <br /> <br /> I did not like the voices. Several people who played characters from the first did the same in this. Jodi Benson is a great singer, but now that she's older, no offense to her, her voice is too deep and not so pretty. And I'm very disappointed with her and with the others who were first in being part of it. If I was chosen for this movie, just reading the script, I can say that it would be a bad movie. The characters are different now. Ariel is wiser now, but it sucks. They exaggerated in their character, making it very mature. In sequels, you should not change the characters unless it is for a special reason. She was sixteen in the first. There is little chance she will change. This is the stage where you become the person you are going to be for the rest of your life. Writers should think about it. They should think about the character. <br /> <br /> Well, I suppose it's for me. I hope you find my comment useful because I am sure many of you will agree with my point of view.
