This movie makes me want to vomit every time I see him. If you take the first movie, and reverse the plot (Ariel wants to get out of the sea, daughter wants to go to sea), get the same characters and give them new animals and new names, and then play a low quality animation and higher suction factor possible, you get the little mermaid 2. It's basically a copy of the first movie with an inverted plot. I'll take you through the horror of it step by step. These are the people of the first film: First of all, Prince Eric is still Prince Eric, with about 3 lines throughout the film. Ariel is tense, irritating, and it is not the carefree and stubborn spirit we saw in the first. In fact, it is exactly the opposite. Sebastian is still Sebastian just less cute, less convincing as being stressed, and the jokes are no funnier. Flounder has about 2 rows. He now has children and he speaks with a dumb dumb voice. Scuttle is still just not funny ass. The character of King Triton is probably the best, he still retains intimidation and love for his daughter, Melody. Ariel and Prince Eric do not seem to give a damn about their daughter. <br /> <br /> Like I said, all they did was use the characters from the first movie and copy them. This is what they did: Ursula - The new villain is Morgana, Ursula's sister who feels she has always lived in the shadow of Ursula. I would not be afraid of her if she showed up at my door with a knife. She can not do anything right and she's a failure as a villain. She has the same ursula voice. Sebastian & Flounder - Have been replaced by probably the most stupid partners, Tip & Dash, a walrus and a penguin. They try to be heroes, but they always fail to try. the plot is so predictable. They become heroes in the end. To yawn. Flatson & Jetsom- Now replaced by a shark that was transformed into about 10x smaller per triton. He is very bad too. Morgana and the shark (sharkbait, I think it was his name) have no chemistry, good or bad. Ariel-Ah, Ariel. Our lovely mermaid was replaced by her adorable daughter, Melody. Melody can not sing, her voice is about 2 octaves higher than it should be, and you want to punch her in the face because she's so sweet and sugary. She wants to go to sea, she is clumsy and the kids make fun of her, she has to go and meet. It's not just boring and unoriginal film so simplistic when you watch this movie that you'll be gasping at how bad it is. Certain parts of the movie make you want to call Disney and demand why such a horrible movie was made as a sequel to such a wonderful original. <br /> <br /> Basically, comparing little mermaid 2 with the little mermaid is like comparing and Ed Wood movie to Casablanca. Never notice this, even when you are bored.
