Okay ... so I've seen a lot of weird / unusual movies in my day. Fear and aversion in Vegas comes to mind when I think about it. Well, no more ... from now on, whenever someone asks me, "Hey, what's the most unusual movie you've ever seen?" Slipstream is what I'm going to say! And I do not mean "unusual" in a good way. <br /> <br /> From the beginning of the film, it was obvious that this would be one of those "mind-blowing camera effect" movies. By that I mean, little things like flashing images on the screen, rewind and fast forward people's words and scenes, tinkering with color on the screen, flashes forward and flashbacks constantly ... so you have the actual acting itself. People randomly become violent, shoot things / people, say the strangest things that just do not make much sense. <br /> <br /> The movie is about a writer who begins to mix real life with the book he is writing and for lack of a better way of explaining it, you basically see this "journey" that he goes through the film. The thing is, Johnny Depp did a similar trip at Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, but the only difference is that his trip was fun to watch, it was not painful! Honestly, I had a hard time finishing Slipstream. It kind of hurt my brain a little. <br /> <br /> I can see a movie fan making a statement about this movie having certain cinematic nuances that make it not only unique, but add to the feeling of dementia ... blah blah blah. The point is, this movie hurts your brain when you watch it .... it makes very little sense, it takes all of your concentration to try to remotely understand what's going on and even in the end, the only thing you can be happy about is that it's over ... and you can say you actually sat down! So to close, if you want to see a movie that will make you say "what the heck" repeatedly loudly and in your head, go ahead and waste an hour and 30 minutes and check it out. Mr. Hopkins, while I applaud you as an actor and praise your choice in trying for a direction ... please never make a movie like that again. Next time, try something that relies a little more on great stories than camera techniques that tend to leave the viewer with a headache.
