.... ripoff from a dozen best movies. Particularly "LA Story" by Steven Martin, who at least had the grace to be obviously fictional, even though he starred in his girlfriend in the film. <br /> <br /> Yes, naive boys and girls, "20 Dates" It's a mockumentary, although I'm not absolutely sure it was Myles Berkowitz's intention when he started. My impression is that he started the project semi- seriously, so he quickly realized that it would be pathetic and not funny unless he made the situations increasingly ridiculous. As a result, the whole thing has an unpleasant, cheap and insincere feeling about it. <br /> <br /> As someone cleverly pointed out, the film has two of the "dates" processing and placing restrictive orders on Myles and yet they appear in the film, which would be impossible as it would require a consent form. It also seems to me that most of the women who appear as "the dates" are professional actresses (though they are not famous, except for Tina Carrere) - they are obviously very beautiful, polished, thin, and comfortable in front of the camera. be an average civilian. Mr. Berkowitz makes a classic mistake in just casting this type of very skinny actress instead of using a variety of believable women, which could have made the premise (even in a mockumentary) more believable and funnier. He also skims over what is probably his real-world problem, and that both the movie character and the real-world Myles Berkowitz seem to be functionally unemployed (his credits on real-life IMDb are virtually non-existent except in the movie). Even in the movie world, his ex-wife divorced him for never being employed. I think the viewer (not to mention Berkowitz's real-life dates) deserves an explanation: he can live in one of the most expensive urban environments in the US, in a luxury apartment, driving a fancy car and eating at a high price. restaurants when he does not see any source of income. <br /> <br /> You can get away with almost everything in a movie if the jokes are really funny. "20 Dates" is painfully, embarrassingly, funny to the UN. Mr. Berkowitz's idea of ​​a joke is to have his character while on restaurant dates, announce to his companions how the food served is likely to give him or her diarrhea or constipation - the WORST kind of childish potty mood. <br /> <br /> It is not too surprising to find out that Berkowitz never made a film before "20 dates" and in the last 8 years, did not make a single film, appeared as an actor in another person's film or had a writing or producing credit of any kind. My instinct tells me that this film was not financed by "Elie" (the money man who appears off camera), but more likely by Berkowitz's wealthy parents, or perhaps represents a shocking abuse of credit cards. Whatever it is, we can all be reassured that it is unlikely that we will have to see Myles Berkowitz or any of his creative efforts EVER AGAIN. Hallelujah!!!
