Although Bondarchuk was by no means a young man when he was hired to work on this project, he was still a novice director with only a single photo, a successful adaptation of a short WWII story, to his name. Bondarchuk, of course, was already an acting star already established a decade ago, but playwright's skills mean little behind the scenes, and as a director he was woefully unprepared to undertake such a production. And this shows through confusing shooting compositions especially apparent in group scenes, often unhappy camera positions, wildly variable quality performances for the director seemingly so overwhelmed by the magnitude of the actors actors apparently were left to their own devices, strange voiceovers that sound like radio broadcast ads. <br /> <br /> Vidor's "War and Peace" was probably the main reason that led the Soviet government to spare no expense on this production. The launch of the USSR in Vidor's photo made a great noise. Certainly, Bondarchuk wanted to imitate the greater strength of the Hollywood film and to find his own Audrey. His final choice, Lyudmila Savelyeva, a dark-haired thing with wide eyes, in fact, resembles Hepburn a bit. Unfortunately, she was a ballet dancer from Kirov with no acting or talent experience, so, unsurprisingly, the nicest word I can find to describe her performance is "horrible." While it is to be expected that Soviet actors, speaking the same language as Tolstoy's characters, would have a better understanding of them than foreigners, but this War and Peace often proves that this is not the case. The revolutionary revolt swept the thin upper tier of Russian cultural ground, from which the world of War and Peace was born, so that a good many of these great names of the Soviet actors involved in this production often seem as ignorant as the Americans playing Shakespeare. it means, of course, that American actors can not interpret Shakespeare credibly, but you will know what I mean if you witnessed American cast members in Branagh's adaptations.) Of the three main characters, only Pierre de Bondarchuk is commendable, but even he was too old for the role and feels dislocated at first.
