Very bad but watchable science fiction movie that suffers from abominable special effects, poor acting and a ridiculous story. The movie opens with a spacecraft returning from exploration on Mars with a woman and a man with green goo on her arm. She, through some trickery of conspiracy, begins to tell what happened on this fateful journey, since almost all the tapes seemed to be magnetically extinguished. Four astronauts take part in this journey: a military type played by Gerald Mohr, poor Humphrey Bogart who likes to say the word "Irish" and has the ability to act a cod, then there is Naura Hayden, a beautiful redhead and only female member crew in flight with three men wearing the suits most appropriate to accentuate all their curves, then Les Tremaine, a wonderful actor of cheap science fiction movies like this, and lastly, Jack Kruschen as Sammy - the Brooklyn guy with jokes and it does not look very bright, though chosen for its expertise in electronics. None of these artists is really good, and they all say their dialogue with little conviction. Watch Tremaine while he utters this scientific nonsense! Actually, the best of the four is Kruschen - and that really says a lot about that movie. But, bad acting aside, the film simply falls apart when they land on Mars via flashback. The Angry Red Planet had a really cheap budget because Mars is actually the American Southwest with a heavy red hue over it. When the story asks for something that may sound Martian, there are designs placed with a heavy red tone on them. You can tell that they are drawings. The monsters may be even worse when we take a bat-sized spider-mite over 40 feet in length that looks like some kids have been gathering dead animals together. The other significant creature is a giant amoeba with one oscillating eye. Ufa! That's bad. There's a nice picture of a Martian city, but that was not enough of that in the movie. Despite all these big problems, Angry Red Planet is a fun movie bad. It's really fascinating to see how far we've come as civilization. Most of the things they used in the movie is so outdated. A guy is using an electric razor with a rope and I thought they could get to Mars but they're still using cables. Director Ib Melchior gives an interesting glimpse into much of the film, even with budget constraints, but his and Sid Pink's story does not fl y. And how about ending with the music and psychedelic colors? Groovy Man!
