A spacecraft returns from Mars; about two months earlier, an expedition of 4 people was sent to the red planet. Most of the image is a flashback of what happened there. The image is sealed by the melancholic and inane dialogue, typical of many science fiction efforts of the fifties and sixties. Note, for example, how the ship's commander (Mohr) tells another crew member to "stand there" for no reason; as moving to another location inside the ship causes a problem. Later, the commander orders two crew members to remain on the ship while he and the other leave. The two he ordered to stay say "no way" and follow; I do not have high hopes for the expedition's success up to this point. There is much talk in "squirming ears" and hugging a frozen ray gun called "Cleo" (short for Cleopatra, of course). It would be, at least, funny if he did not crawl. <br /> <br /> There is a very slow pace for the whole thing; the astronauts spend so much time observing the portals of the ship's window (which change color from red to blue), commenting on what they see, as they do on the outside actually exploring. The Martian landscape, heralded as filmed in Cinemagic, generally resembles animated clippings, or drawings, filmed on an orange-red filter to give the illusion of interacting with the actors, who assume a strange surreal appearance due to the process. But I do not think I cheat anyone over 10 years old. The only clever mention I noticed was that the memories of the surviving astronaut would be tinged with unreality, so that it would explain the unreal nature of the Martian view. Oh, okay ... <br /> <br /> I had fun with some of the astronauts' actions when they started exploring; right away, they test their freezing weapon on a plant, killing it, just for that. Then the female member cuts with a machete in what she thinks is a tree, but turns out to be the leg of the spider-mouse monster. Good, ma'am. Look up next time. No wonder the "intelligence" on Mars gets bored and does not mind the fact that one of the smallest forms of life, a giant amoeba, attacks the explorers. The acting is not very impressive. Mohr especially had a very annoying technique, saying a line and then abruptly bursting into a huge smile that always scared me - reminded me of that! the terror of beyond space. The end is quite anti-climatic; Do not expect big revelations other than 'no more expeditions' with frozen weapons called Cleo.
