60 minutes in the beautiful Christina Galbo tries to escape the isolated boarding school that she brought to the beginning of the film. Is she running away from some sort of fate too horrible to contemplate, a monster, a black-gloved killer, or a supernatural evil? No, she's running away from a bunch of bullies. For the other 40 minutes that follow, several figures walk around the school in the dark holding chandeliers and looking alarmed or disturbed, which does not say much in itself, perhaps because great movies were made about it but if you are going to If you have characters walking down hallways and staircases, you better be Alain Resnais or you better know how to light up the ladder in bright reds of apple and purple like Mario Bava. We know that a murderer pursues the perimeters of the school, but his body count is lamentable and scarce, and in the absence of the visceral horrors expected to be found in the giallo, we have no notion of sinister mysteries / indescribable secrets poking out behind a facade of order. and pity and correction, which is the kind of film that La Residencia wants to be, but does not know how to do it. We know something is wrong because the girls are given as missing, but we never notice the mysterious atmosphere that says "something is seriously wrong here, man." When Serrador tries to comment on the sexual repression of the students, he does it with quick-cut hysteria and details the eyes closed and the lips parted as the strident music of "this is shocking" hits the bottom. Nothing of the ethereal beauty and desire of PICNIC AT HANGING ROCK can be found here. It's all a bit clumsy and aimless, with no real sense of urgency or direction. Several people are presented as suspicious, but there is little reason to care about the identity of a killer who goes unnoticed by the characters within the film. I like the first kill, the image of a knife hitting the target superimposed on the victim's anguished face, while a lullaby sounds in the background, but the rest is too inconsequential for my taste. I have to say that Serrador did much better with the dead children and with the paranoia of the sun of WHO CAN KILL A CHILD?
