Just about the only other actor who would be less likely to play Evel Knieval than Hamilton is Anthony Perkins, but Hamilton somehow manages to present a reasonably effective picture (and as producer of the film, he would probably not be fired or told). it was not right for the part!) The reckless motorcyclist's early life is told here in various flashbacks. The film begins with a rather foolish prologue with Hamilton in his white leather gear and spangled stars spouting the world according to Knieval as if to say: "Do not worry.This movie is about my youth but I will be back. my family costume by the end of the photo. " Hamilton is preparing for a huge leap, but is still licking his wounds from the previous as devoted wife Lyon both supports and ridicules him. He remembers several vignettes from his childhood and delinquent adolescence, along with his early days as a stuntman and booming celebrity. This flip-flop approach is quite abrupt and sometimes disjointed but prevents the movie from sticking to one of its cheap sets for a very long period or from entering a gorge with the characters quite daring. Hamilton, usually a smooth and elegant person, does a great job of enacting the minute details of his mannerisms and behavior, including his walk. His hair is a bit lighter and longer and he works hard to give the right inflections in his speech. (He still pays a small tribute to Knival's many wounds, appearing on a thin towel, while his shoulders are covered with "scars" from numerous accidents.) Facially, he looks nothing like the real cyclist, but suggests it in performance. . Lyon is excellent at playing the young lady he loves and then the most mundane wife, even though his 3-band voice a day threatens to report her at any time. She and Hamilton create an easy chemistry that helps a lot to get the movie. Other good supporting curves are given by Freed as his exhausted physician, Cameron as an initial influence and Taylor as a sideshow barker. The movie was made on a low budget, but the story is pretty cheap, anyway, so it does not affect much. Manufacturers wisely used the actual locations of Butte, Montana, to give the film a proper small-town atmosphere. Several of Hamilton's tricks are fun, although the character is certainly reckless and inconsiderate with other people's property! Some of Knieval's complete and unsuccessful acrobatics are included in some blurred scenes, one of which features an incomprehensible splatter in which the man is curled up and thrown like a rag doll. Hamilton's then wife (Stewart) appears briefly as a nurse.
