Well you may not see any woman in love in this movie but you will certainly hear women talking about love and men talking about love, and women talking about men, and men talking about women, and men talking about men, and everyone talking about death, talking and talking, until you even want to scream and do something that does not require any conversation, such as painting your room or watering your plants. <br /> <br /> Welcome to the world of DH Lawrence where the psychopath reigns supreme and where no one can live a productive life because everyone is too busy talking about how unproductive their lives are. Spending time with the characters in a D.H. Lawrence novel is like being locked in a closet with a group of more selfish acquaintances whom you would run away from if you met them at a party. When I read "Women in Love," I desperately wanted to strangle each character, but because I could not, I hoped at least they would strangle each other. Unfortunately, only one of them dies, not by strangulation, and I will not ruin everything for you, telling you which one, in case you really care about this story or any of these people. To give director Ken Russell his due, he makes this filmed version as entertaining as possible to make this novel essentially non-influential. It throws away much of the psychological mess that Lawrence adored, and focuses on every impertinent part, so we have a lot of histrionic love in beds and fields, two naked men fighting in the firelight, and an embarrassing scene with Alan Bates (yup, buck naked again) wandering in a meadow making love to bushes and grass (I'm not kidding). Glenda Jackson won an Oscar for her performance as Gudrun, the most dominant of the two sisters at the center of the story, and she certainly goes to great lengths to do something with this material; anyone would deserve an Oscar simply for having to endure Russell's decision to give her a scene where she has to dance wildly in front of a herd of mystified-looking cattle. Oliver Reed has an expression, an intense look. The whole thing is over-written and over-directed, and is deliriously exaggerated. In fact, this matches "Mommie Dearest" as perhaps the most unintentionally hysterical movie I have ever seen. <br /> <br /> Grade: D
