"Prom Night" is a remake of the 1980 slasher movie starring Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen. This movie takes place in an Oregon town where Donna (Brittany Snow) is about to go to prom and have some fun after going through some extremely traumatic events in recent years. She and her friends come to the prom, which happens in a big hotel, and try to enjoy the most fun night of their lives. Little does anyone know, a man from Donna's past who haunted her for years, is also at prom ... and is willing to kill anyone in her pursuit for her. <br /> <br /> I'm a fan of the original "Prom Night," so I tried to keep a little hope in this movie, but I have to admit I was pretty disappointed. "Prom Night" suffers from the worst distress a horror movie could have, and that is predictability. There are absolutely no surprises here, and I felt that I had seen everything in this movie done dozens of times, many times better, before. What does this mean for the public? Boredom. Unless you've never seen any horror movies, or are a part of the preteen adolescent, but most of the audience will probably be able to guess just about anything that's going to happen. The plot is simplistic, but the whole script is empty of any kind of surprise, distortion, atmosphere or anything else, and it really hurts the movie because it never gives the public anything to sink their teeth. Everything seemed very dull. <br /> <br /> Many people seem to complain with the fact that this is a horror movie too, and I understand what they are saying but I do not know. I think it's impossible to make a good horror movie with a minimum of blood. Take Carpenter's "Halloween" for example - little or no onscreen violence, but still an extremely scary and effective film. You do not need blood to make a scary movie, but even if "Prom Night" was gratuitously violent (which is not, it's very tame), it would still have added little to the film because there is not much in the movie. script to build to get started. The tension and suspense here are smooth at best, and I spent most of the movie predicting the outcome of the situations, and it was correct 99% of the time. Our characters are not well written enough that the public can make any connection with them, and their disappearances by numbers are routine and careless. <br /> <br /> I'll point out some things I did like about this movie, however, because it was not completely useless - cinematography is really good, and everything was beautifully filmed and quite stylish. Among the "jump" scares (which are mostly very predictable), there were some who were smart. The scenarios for the film are also good and the hotel is a perfect place for the plot to unfold, however predictable the unfolding. As for the acting, it is mediocre at best. Brittany Snow plays the lead decently but really the rest of the cast does not show much talent. Johnathan Schaech plays the villain, and is probably the most experienced artist here, but even he is not that impressive. However, I liked the character he played, which was a nice change from the typical "masked-stalker" type killer that we see a lot. As far as the end, the last fifteen minutes of the movie made me bored and it was very anti-climatic. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Prom Night" was a disappointment. Everything was very simple, routine and predictable, which is a bit disturbing, considering that this has the potential to be a decent horror film. There were some cool moments, but the movie had no suspense or atmosphere, and had little plot development, or credible characters. I would advise experienced horror fans to save money and wait until they come out on video, or rent the original because there are absolutely no surprises here. Some might find a bit of entertainment but it was very predictable for my liking. I expected better, and left the theater very disappointed. 3/10
