I almost made a fool of myself when I was going to start this review by saying "This movie reminded me of BILLY ELLIOT" but then I searched for writer's resume Lee Hall only to find out he was the guy who wrote BILLY ELLIOT then it's Mr. Hall that you're playing the fool, are not I. <br /> <br /> Am I being a bit cruel to him? No, because Lee has something that most aspiring writers in Britain do not have - He has his foot in the door, has he ever written a successful British movie that has won awards and made money at the box office and what does he do next? It gives the public more of the same. <br /> The young Jimmy Spud lives in a kitchen sink property. He is bullied at school and no one loves him. The only thing that keeps him moving is that he has aspirations to be a dancer. No, in fact, he has aspirations to be an angel, but considering his home, he may well be a ballet dancer. He has a father of a father who thinks "ballet dancers are a bunch of poofs while his grandfather says" ballet dancers are as hard as any man you can meet. I remember seeing the Bolshoi's ballet ... "Yup Ballet is the main point of discussion about a British council property in those days - NO. Come to think of it neither is it left politics that seems to be the only reserve of the class average Famous people who live in large, beautiful homes, so everything in this organization seems ridiculously false <br /> <br /> Another important criticism is that this is a movie that has no idea who it is trying to appeal to. criticized Channel 4 for broadcasting movies at totally inappropriate times (THE LAND THAT FORGOTTEN at 6am in the morning, for example), but they showed it at 2 am and for the first time they managed to get it right. (Gawd I hate it) lung cancer and poverty there is no way this can be considered suitable for a family audience, but as the main protagonist is an 11 year old child and features angels and ballet dancers (Do not blame me if I seem obsessed with the subject - there was no need to mention them too there is not much here for an intelligent adult audience. Of course, if Lee Hall had been informed at the development stage of the script by the producers that he should write a story with a student and an angel and that he refused to say that he wanted to write about other subjects and I'll apologize, but throughout the movie you get the feeling that once the movie was complete it would be marketed to the same audience as BILLY ELLIOT.
