Years after the fall of the last great corporations, the world fell into a new age of darkness, where cyborgs are harvested for their parts. Cash, a female cyborg, travels to an unproductive land doctor to receive news that she is pregnant. On the trail of Recyclers, Cash tries to find his way to Cytown, the mythical refuge for cyborgs. <br /> <br /> "Cyborg 3: The Recycler" is the third (& last so far) entry in the CYBORG trilogy. The first film was originally planned to be a sequel to MASTERS OF THE UNIVERSE but was quickly rewritten in a post-apocalyptic martial arts festival that became a sort of cult classic because of its cheesy action scenes. CYBORG 2: GLAD SHADOW was a sequel that actually improved its predecessor, but was not widely seen (and was discarded by those few who saw it as cheap forage). <br /> <br /> This film, on the one hand, tries to be a fusion of the first two films (the first was a tacky action movie, while the second was a clever Cyberpunk story), but unfortunately falls short in both counts. The budget was obviously lower than that of CYBORG 2, with the movie being set in the desert desert lands (like many post-apocalyptic action films of the 1990s), filmed around old industrial buildings to save costs. <br /> <br /> The story of the film focuses on a plot device, that of a pregnant cyborg, which is as interesting as it is absurd (this film is not the first to experience this idea, the OVA series of the anime ARMITAGE III uses it to a greater extent). But the film falls into the same trap that so many low-budget science fiction films are victims of, in the fact that the bumps (synthetic organisms) are nothing more than androids. The visual effects are nothing more than prosthetic arms and makeup effects. The acting is very standard for this type of film, with the main actress (Khrystyne Haje) being the only one with the worst performance on display. Instead of rejoicing at the news that she is pregnant, she acts all tearful and moody. His co-stars are much better, Malcolm McDowell is the usual kind of gangster who animates the scenes in which he appears and Richard Lynch has a lot of fun as the main villain. Of particular interest is Andrew Byniarski, playing Lynch's right arm, who later appeared in the remake of The Texas CHAINSAW MASSACRE & the prequel.
