Can you say a production of Lew Grade a mile out? distinctly British in style; epic in design; populated by international star castings; usually set in exotic climates. It's a formula that Grade and his ITC company employed throughout the 1970s through the early 1980s, resulting in titles like The Eagle Has Landed, Firepower and Raise The Titanic! In 1977 Grade produced March Or Die, a remarkably outdated Foreign Legion adventure that models all of the features mentioned above. Run by the generally trusted Dick Richards? who directed the acclaimed Goodbye My Lovely just a few years before - March Or Die is an unfortunate disappointment. <br /> <br /> A company of Foreign Legionaries led by the severe disciplinarian General Foster (Gene Hackman) is sent to Morocco soon. after World War I. His mission is to protect an archaeological party led by the dedicated François Marneau (Max Von Sydow). Archaeologists are digging in the ancient city of Erfoud, but fear an attack by Arab tribes after the decimation of an earlier archaeological group. Is Foster not happy with the job? he does not consider historical artifacts worthy of his men risking their lives. This creates a continuing tension between him and Marneau, who believes that legionnaires should sacrifice their lives to enable excavation. The problems increase when a beautiful woman named Simone Picard (Catherine Deneuve) identifies with the legionaries. She hopes to find out what happened to her father, a historian kidnapped by the Arabs when they destroyed the first team of archaeologists. His presence stirs up desires among legionnaires, no more than the gypsy thief Marco Segrain (Terence Hill), a charming and brave rogue who initially shows indifference to his legionary colleagues, but gradually grows in stature. Things come to a climax with a huge battle in Erfoud, with swarms of Arab tribes united against the handful of legionnaires as they desperately try to defend their lives. <br /> <br /> On paper, Gene Hackman and Terence Hill's starring pair looks like an incompatibility? Hackman is the Oscar-winning actor, Hill, the handsome but limited Italian heart of several innumerable low budget westerns with spaghetti. Hackman is expected to act as his off-screen counterpart. However, bizarrely, it is Hackman who gives the performance weak and uninviting, while Hill raises his game to surprisingly high levels. The film is filmed attractively in deserted places, but the pace is very slow and few of the characters deserve to be seen. Is Maurice Jarre's music unusually flat too? very disappointing of the guy who gave us the score of Lawrence Of Arabia. It is remarkable that one had the courage to experience such an outdated adventure in the 1970s (it was a genre that peaked in the 1930s and had been largely forgotten over the ensuing decades). Unfortunately, is not the bet worth it? this homage to the legionary films of yesteryear becomes more a trail than a march.
