"New Best Friend" is another entry of the sub-genre "stealing the life of another woman"; the best of which are "Single White Female" and "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle"; the worst of which you can catch almost every afternoon on the Lifetime Channel. For some reason, this type of identity theft happens exclusively to women. <br /> <br /> There are only two basic ways to interpret this kind of story. You can make the woman evil in the beginning and let the audience watch consciously as it clashes and implements its evil scheme. Or you use the wrong direction to make her look like a good person, since a seemingly unplanned series of events interrupts you in her favor until she's revealed to be bad in the weather scene. Unfortunately, the creators of "New Best Friend" could not decide how they wanted to play it and things failed and burned early. We met for the first time with Alicia (Mia Kirshner) cheating the college's financial aid office for scholarship money. Now we know that she is a bad person and will see all her subsequent activities with suspicion. But the director and editor apparently forgot that this revelation had been made and spent the next 50 minutes putting the misdirection to make us think that Alicia is a good person. This introduces the only element of suspense, not about whether it is bad, but about when the director and the editor will be wise and will stop wasting our time with poor transparent guidance. "New best friend" suffers more than most of the teen movie curse of a very old cast to portray undergraduates. There are really only two big parts, Hadley (Meredith Monroe) and Alicia (Kirshner). They were 31 and 26, respectively, at the time of production. It almost works for the 26-year-old Kirshner when she plays Alicia's ridiculous version, but she becomes glaring when she is transformed into Alicia's glamorous version. The cast of Monroe is simply a joke, more or less like having Nicholette Sheridan trying to pass as classmate in "Lizzie McGwire." It seems much closer to a middle-aged crisis than a full-time job. <br /> <br /> Producers must have been given a lot of favors because this age issue extends to most supporting characters. Taye Diggs, who plays the city sheriff, is younger than most students. <br /> <br /> The basic setup is that Hadley and two other rich party girls (played by Dominque Swain - 21 and Rachel at 35) are college colleagues in college. They share (as a student residence) a mansion that is prettier and better furnished than the real-world mansion of New Orleans (a more believable premise than the soccer moms who play with the students). Alicia moves into the mansion and begins to take Hadley's life. At least that way Swain finally gets a roommate of his own generation so the two can have a lesbian scene. Swain's supporting performance is the only good thing about "New Best Friend" and his love scene with Kirshner is fantastic, so cool and artistic that it does not fit into any of the other segments, maybe it has been outsourced to a good director and The hilarious and unintentional story is presented in a series of dark flashbacks of rampant sex and nonstop parties, each followed by a picture of Alice in a coma in a hospital bed. About half of Kirshner's screen time is spent lying still with a tube in his mouth. Not a good career change Mia. <br /> <br /> So again, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
