Wow, another Lifetime movie, but again it's not exactly the worst movie in the world, but far from the best. I think the main problem is that it's pretty obvious who's responsible for what, and it's usually pretty predictable. Worse still, some of the flashbacks ended up being confusing, and the viewer keeps asking himself, "Okay, how much should I care?" One thing I liked is that the movie shows that it is never as simple as "good guys are good and bad guys are bad," and sometimes it's evil against evil instead of good versus evil. Hadley did not do what she did for a sense of justice, she did it because she considered herself entitled to a job for being a family and for eliminating competition. As for Alicia, this simply proves that a victim is not always a good person. Some of them are really "coming", even though "this" has been a painful and horrible death. "The Burning Bed" is a great example of this, but the difference is that the vile man in "The Burning Bed" got exactly what he deserved. But did Alicia "come"? Some will say yes, but others do not agree, and the law generally does not. <br /> <br /> As for acting, it's a bag. Some do a good job, like Mia, but others just seem indifferent to their roles. They were mostly wooden or simply unconvincing. The music was really cool and some of the scenes are cool and smoky, especially if you like girl-girl action. The film is not very badly filmed, but due to its glaring weaknesses, the strengths are in the background unfortunately. <br /> <br /> I've heard rumors of a sequel, but over the years, I doubt it. will happen. But I would not be surprised if a sequence suddenly appeared. If Alicia is like EVIL, conniving and horrible as people say, then I do not think she'll be thinking, "YAY! I woke up from a coma!" Oh, Hadley was responsible? the accusations fall! "No way Hadley would have been in jail for long, if she ever did since no murder actually happened. <br /> <br /> Anyway, it's worth checking out at least once!
