We see a dead girl's body in a morgue with the coroner trying to close the girl's eyes, but whatever he tries, they will not stay open. After that, we move into the future and follow a group of former school friends who hide a terrible secret, but suddenly they begin to get caught one by one in many terrible ways. Through flashbacks, we learned about the terrible suicide of a shy girl who was trying to be a member of the group, but she was excluded by them because they discovered some strange occurrences. So she's back from the grave in search of revenge? <br /> <br /> Oh, what a great and always scary story! Well, that's what I hope I can say. And 'wait' was as good as it was. This is a weird horror movie, so supernatural, that I actually watched before, but I walked in thinking it was the first time I watched. So, to my surprise, it occurred to me when I began to understand certain things, but as I said, it is a forgettable blend that seemed a first time over. Nightmare is just another type of field that adds a few changes to the porridge. Oh, please, give me something that's a little cooler. It does not have to be entirely original, but that is a formula and sometimes very tired horror film J. Even if it fits throughout the ghost story that involved you guessed it right? A vengeful and evil girl spirit. <br /> <br /> But despite my negativity of being the same The same old story and bumps This kind of entertains when it's horrible and appears in some creepy visuals Deaths are vividly exhibited with bite and some originality While, the dark atmosphere alienates the public with its dark illumination. A scene involving the spirit terrorizing one of the girls is an experience of freezing the blood, but in fact, when it is not trying to shock it, I found myself somewhat induced to coma and thought to keep an eye. do not go anywhere from any interest among those shock moments. You could say that because the supposed mystery is not much of a story, the uncertain story is simply simple and the characters are an egocentric group that you really do not care about what happens to them. Disarticulated history should have focused more on the spirit than on those insipid characters who have an unconvincing group relationship. He only exaggerated in his letters becoming overly confused and taking too long for when he climaxed to be simply ridiculous. The haunted ending of the movie is a high point, however. <br /> <br /> The movie looks good, although it could have been done without the rapid and rapid editing of the fire, and the soundtrack was a bit arrogant in showing the weather. The performances follow a thin line, but Gyu-ri Kim is strong in the lead role. <br /> <br /> It's nothing new and steals ideas without shame, but if you can see beyond that, it brings some unpleasant emotions. Although, I found the treatment quite lethargic, despite the strange effective chills. A whole standard effort, I think, but it's still equally missable.
