In a variant of Sholay, Ram Gopal Verma ventures into what may be called an unfamiliar territory, where the blockbuster takes on a new form. The Thakur goes south. Mohanlal as Narsimha, the police inspector whose family was killed seeks Madrasi-style revenge. The accent is totally south of India, in contrast to northern Thakur. The cut of Thakur's hands by Gabbar is also cut to the fingers in Aag. Thus the marijuana costs are reduced because there is no effort to hide the hands, on the contrary, only a Kurta with long shoulders covers the cut fingers. Moreso at the climax where the Thakur uses his legs and says "Tere Liye for mere paer oi kaafi hai" here Narsimha uses his finger stumps to fire a gun and kill the villain. Babban, the new avtar of gabbar is also different. He is not from Bihar or UP. He is Bambaiya. Gabbar's infamous laughter is also in two installments this time and is more subdued. Babban asks for Diwali instead of Holi and celebrates the replacement of Helen in Mehbooba by Urmila. he also dances and enjoys dancing with Abhisheh, who plays Jalal Agha in Mehbooba. BABBAN is smarter this time around. He throws the apple and asks the question that made Isaac Newton discover the laws of gravitation. Basanti is more detailed than the Auto Ghungroo driver. Nisha Kothari can not play autopilot and looks very artificial using words like 'entertaining' and 'too much' with gay abandon. Viru was entertaining while Ajay Devgun is a misfit for the role. The God Speaks to the Basanti incident and the shooting lessons and the Koi Haseena song and the water tank sequences are painful. The water tank turns into a well and the drunken Devgun is so bad in sequence that the public would have wanted him to commit suicide. Jai was composed and serious. Prashant Raj is better than the others because we expect nothing from him. But he also enters the Mausi sequence. He is not as romantic as Jai with the organ of the mouth. The role of Jaya played by Sushmita changes career. A pure housewife turns into a doctor, this time plunging into full-time social service after her husband is killed. She also does not have the pain Jaya exhibited. His flirtations with Jai are more open this time around. Samba wins a bigger role this time as Tambe. He does not need to point weapons and answer Gabbar's questions this time around. He follows Babban wherever he goes and is a more visible bodyguard out of the den. Horses give way to jeeps and auto. Gabbar's hiding place keeps changing and Ramgarh becomes Kaliganj. In short, it's more of a parody than anything else. RGV comes with its own interpretation of the classic. But we remember the original so well, even after three decades that our minds refuse to accept stylized versions and altered dialogues. So we call it spoof. So Mr.RGV (Sholay) and Farhan Akhtar (Don) and JPDutta (Umrao jaan) stop making remixes and start making originals.
