Sholay: Considered one of the greatest films. I always wondered if they would redo the classic that is. It was at this time that RGV announced this movie and I was a little excited to see it. I always thought maybe it was a good movie, but every week we would change something here at RGV. And the film is a very B-Grade movie, something I did not expect. <br /> <br /> I really tried to look for good points, but I promised to keep Sholay out of my mind. The cinematography is incredible. The movie tries to be yours. But that's the bright side. The action sequences are weak. The script had potential. The biggest flaw is editing. None of the scenes excites you. For example, the comedy sequences seemed very displaced and forced. Ironic because the comedy was so funny in the original. And neither character is developed. And no scene will last until the end. And the ending was very disappointing. <br /> <br /> The biggest issue is acting. Amitabh Bachchan was good as Gabbar Singh, nothing great. It seemed that they were too focused on their looks, that the character only seems menacing, but you do not get scared. Mohanlal is barely in the movie, but he impresses on his few scenes. Ajay Devgan was decent. It was not so much the performance, he gave it all, it was the weak script. Prashant Raj is very confident and has the potential to go far with better films. <br /> <br /> I had more expectations for Sushmita Sen, who was probably the best in the group. She was expressive, but that still was not enough. Nisha Kothari surprised me. She seemed disinterested for the most part, but her emotional scene after her friend's death was very good. It seems she needs to find a director who will help her talent, not her cute appearance. But what disappointed me the most was chemistry. Ajay Devgan and Prashant Raj did not look like friends. Ajay-Nisha was not a strong couple. No passion would be found between Sushmita and Prashant. And Amitabh and Mohanlal did not have the hateful passion they needed. <br /> <br /> As for the songs, they are very bad. Urmila's Mehbooba was very exaggerated and I practically slept for it. It was however well danced. Holi's number was pleasant, but not memorable. So did the other songs. For someone who was looking forward to this movie, I was very disappointed. I had high hopes for RGV because of his Jungle, but it looks like he lost the talent during the filming of this movie. But we expect him to regain his talent for Sarkar Raj. But this movie is best forgotten. All the positives still do not make up for the boring movie that is.
