I can not get enough words to describe the horror I felt sitting in that movie theater watching Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, the director's indifferent attempt to pay homage to that Western Bollywood classic, Sholay. The biggest problem with Varma's remake is that he does not even try to make a credible movie. It is evident in every frame of this film that Varma's heart simply is not in it. What you see on screen is, at best, a bad joke on the part of the filmmaker, and it hurts to see what little he really shows in a movie that claims to be a lifelong fan. I've seen a lot of bad movies over the years, but I can not remember one that was such a torture. Consider yourself very brave if you are able to survive the entire movie because it tests your patience like few movies before. Varma can lend your storyline and characters from the original movie but its version is banal and hollow and does not have any of the spirit and Sholay's energy. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is actually a mockery of this timeless gem, because it turns out to be all that the original movie was not - far above normal, too long, too boring and totally meaningless. Sholay's much-loved moments are parodyed by Varma and so you want to wring his neck. One of the most memorable scenes in Sholay, in which Dharmendra as Veeru rises in the water tank and threatens to jump to the death, is revived in this film with Ajay Devgan throwing Hero, pulling a pistol to its head threatening to kill itself. How you wish he had pulled the trigger and spared us all the agony. Not only does Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag fail as a remake of Sholay, it's a very poor endeavor, even as an independent film. Damaging background score to the eardrum sounds more like someone touching pots in the kitchen, and the camera switches between dramatic and revolving. Partners in this terrible crime of bringing this ridiculous movie to the screen are the deadliest actors in the movie. Sushmita Sen as Devi, the widow, takes both her role and the film too seriously, punctuating her lines with pauses, looking at the camera for effects, and often posing as if her life depended on it. Mohanlal as Narsimha, struggles with his dialogue with Hindi and seems embarrassed to be delivering some of the most stupid lines of his illustrious career. Newcomer Prashant Raj, who plays Jai-equivalent Raj, has no way to speak and can not deduce any intensity that Amitabh Bachchan brought separately in the original film. As a hero, the new Veeru era, Ajay Devgan is entirely hopeless, failing miserably in his comedy attempts. But the film's weakest link, easily the most shocking cast decision is Nisha Kothari as Ghunghroo, who enters the role of Hema Malini as Basanti, the captivating airhead of Sholay. Nisha Kothari is not only the worst actress in this country, but possibly the worst actress in the whole world, she gives the annoying word a whole new meaning, and it makes you want to cut her wrists every time she's on the screen. And then there's Amitabh Bachchan playing Babban Singh, Ramgopal Varma's version of the most popular Hindi movie villain, Gabbar Singh. The only actor in this group who recognizes the exaggerated tone of the film and plays along, Bachchan builds a menacing character that is a pleasure to watch. He is destined to be a comic book villain who growls and mocks and whistles and hams, and he does all this with good results. But because he's stuck in such a condemned endeavor, his performance does not really help lift the movie in any way. There are no surprises here, I'm going with zero of ten and two thumbs down for Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, it's one of those painful experiences of watching movies that you would not subject even an enemy to. It's not as if Varma has not dealt with a remake before. With Sarkar he gave us a clever and engaging vision of The Godfather, and it's a shame he made this Sholay movie out of such a beloved classic. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is his worst career decision, it is also a blemish on his resume, he will be ashamed forever. I suspect that this film will enter the history of the cinema as Ramgopal Varma Ka Daag.
