A drama in its central core, "Anna" shows the genuine truth that all actors age and sometimes disappear. Is Anna a character who believes that America is her safety net, her home, and she can not do anything wrong? but she refuses to despise herself for doing works she does not believe in. She is intransigent, optimistic, stubborn and arrogant when it comes to her life, but she is not afraid to let others in, but leaves them at any moment. Anna flip-flops between personalities, which makes this movie ideal for an aging star, but no idea of ​​the target audience. "Anna" was praised by her star, Sally Kirkland, and her ability to be grungy for the role, but in a month of 2008, "Anna" does not remain a landmark in film culture. It is dated, monotonous and with chaotic formula. Director Yurek Bogayevicz has a hidden message within "Anna" about the falsities of Czechoslovakia, both politically and socially, but Kirkland refuses to let them pass over her. Bogayevicz is not afraid to play with the camera, use wooden frames to allow Kirkland to stand out, and he is not afraid to shrink the characters around, so that when you pull away from the movie, it's Kirkland you remember. If it's not obvious, this movie did not suit me. From the opening of the first act and at the bottom of the second, "Anna" looked like a theatrical production of high school. The characters were non-existent, there was no enlightening prehistory and there was no definition of time or place. There was Sally Kirkland, stubbornly saying that she is better than the other actresses vying for the same lifestyle she wants. Randomly she meets a friend, a young woman who also traveled a long distance to get to America for glitz and glamor, and two of them (within 20 minutes) build a friendship that can break all the walls. It's emotionally boring and unbelievable. Again, randomly, do we find Anna's boyfriend, Daniel (played by the weak Robert Fields), who brings nothing to the table in terms of definition or character? just to draw attention to Anna from Kirkland. Over the course of nearly two hours, have we noticed more random acts, along with unnamed characters, intertwined to create a story that is held together by loose threads ?? and SALLY KIRKLAND. Arg, it hurts me to keep saying that, but "Anna" could have been a fantastic movie if Bogayevicz had given equal time between Anna, Daniel and Krystina, but instead we are forced into a one-sided game where emotional scenes speak louder than storyline . That's where Charlize Theron found inspiration for her uninspired role in "Monster," or Halle Berry in "Monster's Ball"? Sally Kirkland was one of the first actresses to discover that, when they get carried away by a character, the Oscar will shine in your direction? Throughout this film, I was disgusted with the portrait of Anna of Kirkland and the lack of enthusiasm of Bogayevicz for something else fluent. Bogayevicz gives us an Anna who does not work hard for her parties, does not care about others, and is usually witty ?? yet should we feel sympathy for her? Near the beginning of the movie, she forces what she wants to do for others and gets annoyed when she does not get what she wants. Of course, the aging actresses are attractive, but Kirkland creates a more childlike character rather than mature. That's where "Anna" could have improved. If I were a mature Kirkland, I would have swallowed it all up, but this stammering, childish Anna was impossible to believe. While my favorite scene was near the end, where Anna is going to watch one of her older movies playing (included is absurd characters) and the movie burns, this scene is also one of my least favorite. Anna has made a phenomenal life for herself, making movies and building the dream, but when someone wants to get into that spotlight, she gets jealous and outraged. That did not make for a character that I wanted to stay behind, nor win the Oscar. Along with the classic 80s background synthesizer, the outrageous top wardrobe and the dislocated end (where did this come from and what happened ??) ?? "Anna" fell a lot in the scope of incredible cinema. It was a spectacle, an opportunity for an aged star to scream at the world once more. In this one, it worked, but I do not think I'll be fooled again. <br /> <br /> Overall, I can not say that I was impressed by this movie. "Anna" is not a movie about an aging movie star; it's about Sally Kirkland and ONLY Sally Kirkland. Bogayevicz tries to do more with the story, but fails because Kirkland does not allow it, or realizes that there is not enough to sustain a complete story. There are one or two decent scenes in this movie, but nothing that promotes this movie as innovative or influential. Bogayevicz did not create a character that the audience would believe, rip or dedicate a Sunday afternoon with ?? he created a hassle. Kirkland was not Anna, she was an actress interpreting her a bit exaggerated and crunchy on the sides. Maybe I've lost the scope of this film, but what makes films like this work is the cooperation of everyone involved. That was not the case here. In "Anna," Kirkland orders Daniel to act like a dog (apparently as a symbolic act) and yet throughout the emotional scene, I could not help thinking that this was how Kirkland was for those on the set. She did not do this in a movie, she turned it into her own production, and because of that, "Anna" failed. Can not I suggest this to anyone? from one Czech to another? skip this! <br /> <br /> Note: * ½ out of sex (for that theater scene that scared me)
