There are some redeeming qualities for this show. One is that the song has a decent melody. The show has a good premise. Besides, I'm probably a minority, but I like Wanda. I like the fact that she's taking care of herself, and she's another maternal figure for Timmy. However, despite all this, I do not like this show, it's not excrement, but I find it very annoying. <br /> <br /> I would not say it's the best animated program on Planet Earth. When I use this term for an animated TV show, I think of Peter Pan and the Pirates, I think of Darkwing Duck, I think of Scooby Doo and I think of Talespin. And I hope I'm not the only one who really likes the Wild Thornberrys and resents the fact that it's ridiculed. Nor do I think Fairly Odd Parents is the worst animation program on planet Earth. I accept that it's annoying and in a way overrated, but it's not the worst Nickolodean show ever. This is Chalk Zone, God the show is unattainable. But the worst upbeat show I've ever seen is Shaggy and Scooby Doo: Get a Clue, which is grossly lively, bland and downright disgraceful. <br /> <br /> One thing I do not like about this show is the animation. The characters, forgive me if I offend you, have very strange facial features, and many of the scenarios are dull and without the color that makes SpongeBob SquarePants and Wild Thornberry so cool to look at. The characters, with the exception of Wanda, are very annoying. I can not believe that a talented actress like Tara Strong (aka Charendoff) expressed Timmy. Timmy I do not think very nice as a main character, he's boring and sometimes paternalistic, and he's a poor decision-maker as well. And your voice gets on my nerves. I really like Strong, but not in this show. Another boring character is Cosmo, the supposedly funny character. Instead, his jokes are as groundless as they could be. They are either a) planned, or b) more family friendly. Timmy's parents are horrible characters, who do not give a damn about their son, and their personalities wear out well. <br /> <br /> The stories are very uninspired most of the time, and I keep thinking, where I've seen this before. The episodes after the arrival of the baby I thought they were unwatchable. Worse still are the scripts, very bland, childish, bland and suffering from complete lack of energy. <br /> <br /> All in all, not the worst show of all time, but too bad for a fan of animation and quite uncomfortable. sit down. 3/10 - there are redeeming qualities, and I completely understand if people like it. Bethany Cox
