I started watching this show probably around the year 2003 or 2004 with my friends. Of course, at the time I was younger and I enjoyed some of the jokes of this show. I was 11 years old in 2003 and now I'm 14 years old (2007). Although my age probably plays a major role in how I judge this program, after reading the critiques of others, I have come to the conclusion that after the third season this show aired. I agree. This show is nasty, repetitive and usually focuses on the same plot. <br /> <br /> The show revolves around Timmy Turner, who received two fairy godfathers because his life was basically horrible - his parents were never around, and he had a nasty nanny. The plot of the whole show is that this boy (Timmy) and his godparents always crave some destruction that can not be avoided by making another wish, because something in "Rules" says they can not. The show has many lines that continue to be repeated such as "magic can not break true love, super bathroom" or even some jokes jokes that Nickelodeon probably found funny and decided to put in the episode several times. <br /> <br /> The show is aimed at children under 10 years, because it involves gross situations and "childish humor" that most children my age would not mind. The character's voice selection could have been better as well. Timmy has an extremely loud voice, strident and feminine, as Cosmo does. Wanda looks like an old lady. Timmy's dad looks like some talk show host or presenter, Timmy's mother's voice is too exaggerated to look feminine. Attitudes in this show are: in some episodes, Timmy talks back and acts spoiled and snobbish. Wanda is apparently smart and wise. Cosmo is stupid, stupid and unable to think like Timmy's father. Timmy's mother seems to end up doing whatever Timmy's father does. <br /> <br /> The show is too far from reality to have more taste. Maybe as a kid, I could see more humor in this show, but as I grow older, it really gets old. And not for granted or "destructive" sound, but the show has that mentality that makes you want to commit homicidal activity for the characters. A show like this just has to be your attitude if you know what I mean. If not, it basically disgusts you.
