* Spoilers and extreme aggressions were ahead * When this show began, I found it tolerable and fun. Fairly Oddparents was the kind of drawing that kids and adults liked. He also had high rates along with SpongeBob SquarePants. But it began to fall because of the following crap that Butch Hartman and his team pushed into the show. <br /> <br /> First of all, the bathroom humor is not so funny. You can easily get a quick chuckle from a little baby with a belch, but that's pretty much the only audience that would laugh at such a clichéd joke. Then there are the children's jokes. Rsrs we can see people in underwear and we can see people getting dressed. LOLOLOL !!! I just can not stop laughing at this gay joy! Somebody help me! But of course, this show would not be so bad if it were not for stereotypes. Did you see how the team portrayed the Australians? They saw them as nothing more than simpletons who love kangaroos and boomerang throwers who live in a hot desert. But now ... It's the mercy stroke of BECAUSE this show really sucks the tallest of them all ... JOKES OVER-USED !!! The show constantly raises the same jokes (most of them being bland) thinking it's the best thing of all! Cosmo is mostly to blame. I hated that they keep mentioning "Super Toilet" (which also has a mix of childish humor too) and Cosmo would go crazy. And who could forget that idiot drunken joke that all of Dimmsdale's damn parents would use in that e-mail episode? Do you know, the one where every single parent (oblivious to other parents saying that) would utter the same exact phrase before invading his son's room? Yes, it may be a first-class humor for some people, but it is pure pleasure for others. <br /> <br /> If I'm not mistaken, I think Butch Hartman said something about ending the program. Thank God! Everyone around my area says it's Nickelodeon's most entertaining program of all time. I just can not agree with that? I think it's just another pile of horse dung that we get in our cartoon stations every day, only worse.
