When I first saw the trailer for Prom Night, I have to admit, the trailer looked good and so would be a fun horror movie. So my friend and I saw Dance Night last night and I have to say I must be growing up because this was a ridiculous movie, not to mention that I'm so sick and tired of typical horror movies with loud noises as an excuse to scare people. There was no tension, the characters, how should I care about them? They had no development, the killer?! Oh my God, this was possibly the stupidest serial killer that ever existed, I know it's a movie, but why would a man who never (or at least know) killed someone before, killed the family of a girl and friends who Is he just obsessed? I mean, would he kidnap her or kill her? I have no idea why this movie made no sense and is very predictable and insulting to true horror fans. Donna's family was brutally murdered by her teacher, who was very obsessed with her, he was captured and put in prison. It's been 3 years now and she's just getting some peace in her life, she's even going to the prom. But the killer has escaped and still has Donna in his mind, he follows her to the prom, which means bad news for his friends, the hotel maid and the messenger, because it's a good idea to kill the maid and the bell . boy so that no one is suspicious enough to see where those employees are. Donna is in trouble because also this killer who is clearly human can apparently get into houses without being noticed and can kill people so quietly, just, wow. <br /> <br /> I'm sorry, I really wanted to love this movie, we did not have a good horror movie in a long time, but this was just a stupid movie that I was not impressed with. Only the situations were unbelievable and the actors were unpleasant. I know this was a PG-13 movie, but I love how someone was brutally stabbed to death and they just have a little blood on their clothes? Not to mention there are no stab holes? I do not recommend this movie to anyone, unless you're a teenager, this movie was made for teenagers, not for adults, not for those who know a real horror movie, no offense to those who liked this movie, but I do not understand how anyone could. <br /> <br /> 2/10
